JCJDJSSJDJ UGH!
hello buddy : Diamond
God specializes in using flawed people and changing them...
Nate Mirza
Im climbing the building on StPattysDay 4 the fightforairclimb Help out  search 4 my name on their site  donate
Nim and Nem play songs we know This Sunday at Church  St.
Dymphna's 9pm  118 St.
Mark's near Ave A.
yes it was.
I hate when he doesnt talk to all of you.
I mean, what does the girl from Big Bang theory have to do with the show?
Need to find a good online hierarchical notetaking solution, but so far coming up empty.
It's hard work finding good San Diego Tweoples.
Thanks to those of you who follow back.
i am pretty sure you are somehow related to , he is a MANIMAL too!!
well it should only snow on top of you house cause Milwaukee don't need none we get bombed every year!!!
How did you get the 3 pick in your own doctorft lol?
He barely left the garage all week so he'll be on it ;
i miss my bestie
With all of the communications options that are now available...you would think people would at least be moderately effective communicators.
If you are hiring a high professorle celebrity, athlete, musician or coach, you absolutely must know what a morals clause means.
Get the look of s DowntonAbbey in our latest doctorss the Part!
ow.ly/8m3kt
You must consider the output device when choosing aspect ratio.
Projectors may not be able to handle HD video.
I fully support this!
We need a A.C.
Slater vs.
Val Venis Rematch!
joe joe how's life my man
Thanks for the support.
I enrolled in Loyola's paralegal program.
Radio's been a great journey, but I need a different path.
If you have not seen a reply email or blog post and have sent blog material to me recently, send me a reminder email  .
This is Crazy!!
FULL HOUSE!!
wit DeRAY, DAVID  Deon attack of da Dee Gang  Sexy Marlo, DeRay That My Dogg!!
Her comma usage is off, though.
Why didn't I get to see you?
WEIRD format Zack  we were shooed out!
:
So many more blog post to build and put up.
Shoots people have never seen, video too.
My body aches ...Plans 4 tomorrow: SPA!
NoteToSelf 
well, i've more cute pics, but more than you expect, but i won't put,I'M TIRED .
right?
I have ceased caring ha!
It'll be a nice surprise for those who meet me in real life.
Y FUCK WIT A BROKE BITCH.
SHE CANT BUY ME NUTHN...
ALWAYS GOT HER HAND OUT
Getting pizza in my science class tomorrow :
Every Thursday come out to fiesta grill for the hottest thurs night in the valley by Hosted by
And now the moment we've all been waiting for...Giants vs.
49ers!
Who will be crowned the NFC champion??
...
When two join as one...
They have each others back!
Pray together to stay together.
Happy Tweetings to you too KMarie!!!
Find us on Facebook at facebook/arizonahousepainters to enter to win an Ipad!
Cheese ravioli and salad and bread sticks at olive garden before a long day at work
Gardening is the only time I'd let a leaf tickle my face.
:
Please check email.
Thank you
Deuces, anchorage!
I Pikachu When You're Naked.
Easy to way to help support us.
Get an Albertsons key card  1 of your purchases comes back to us!
We can mail you a card just ask!
Ask an Expert: Entrepreneurs, you need a great company name  USA TODAY
Many thanks to Checked the schedule, ran and made the bus instead of waiting another 30 mins.
Thundersnow works the same as thunder in a summer thunderstorm, but obviously with snow involved.
...and thank you ; RT water heater is fixed!
Im almost as good of a house mom as mother Mary!
I'm seriously taking the stage after Paul Overstreet..
This is ridiculous!!
kwswf what an honor!!!!
thx for your quick response.
How soon could comcast determine why our wireless is intermittent?
DM if needed
where is the picture of the guy taking pictures?!
maybe in the playoffs, but not much intensity even during this shortened regular season.
Even HeatBulls was boring lastnight
Stil up here on the east coast.
Burnin' the midnite oil writing more lyrics and strummin' one of my way too many basses.
there's no time like the present
thanks for the follow!
Holy hot as shit in my room!
Is cleaning....
Yay me...
Loves the way mah two year old walks away shruggin his shoulders when I asked if he ate all the seeds...
lol you ugly
you're so onesided and you complain about fox news being like that but you're just as bad lol.
god i just unfollowed so many people now i like only follow celebs ugh sigh
Dinner turned into 4 hours, meeting June, and seeing a little more than we bargained for...love and sweet, encouraging talks!
We thought you'd work in the ice cream!
You know is now a customer.
I'll have to try that.
I've always convinced myself that someone would ask to sit there anyway just to spite me.
Lol
THE BIGGEST STUPID HOE AWARD GOES TO......
don't hold on too tight!
Coasters r way more fun when u throw ur hands up and scream ur fool head off!!
YES I WAS CAUSE IM AN AWESOME TEACHER ;D jk your nice!:
happy birthday!
RE: Students Learn better with Engaged Parents  I know it does seem obvious, but sadly it doesn't happen nearly enough!
hoping you mean vicariously!
Enjoy the class!
: Just about to begin Articulate open enrollement class in Los Angeles put on by
If you don't give me enough attention I will look for it elsewhere
Wow when I ignore you, that's when I get the most attention
Going Ice Skating with Whuddup?
Did you get the audio?
Send me a direct message if you would like it.
Fuckin god damn history why does it have to repeat god fuckin damn it
It's been a good day.
I have no complaints.
The good news I will have more time for my artwork.
been there.
: I just remembered that for a few hours last night I searched craigslist and ebaymotors for el Caminos.
Public is invited to the 5.4 Billion Bake Sale, 10 am May 18 at Main Plaza, to raise money cut from public ed by Texas lawmakers.
In the studio tomorow with to shake things up in Miami
thank you for the fight week blog week video man.
its great to have something that can take my mind off finals for a bit
we had a test Bro!
One of the security guys was looking for you
No school for me.
We would love to hear your demo's.
Please email them too:
There's like 2 weeks left of school ..
its CRAZY howw fast this year went.
That's racist!
: We've moved on from doggy style discussion to ethnic food on , good times.
Gack!!
The ASTD2012 app on my iPad has no idea who I am and no record of my selected schedule?!?!?!
how do you guys think Gamel has done at 1B so far?
I remember how bad P was in 2007 ctd
ignore my last tweet.
I just saw Jay's email.
Miss you lots sunshine
Thanks for the RT!
Its hard to take a role in someones life when you're not even apart of the script..
Bet That
Don't worry brother, I think the show Thunder From Down Under here might be recruiting.
So nasty!!!
trickery
hi Ralph!
The lad has been jamming w/his electric cello at school
Don't give him the ball, at all.
same one bro
yep, this what we do.
c:
Last name Bag, first name Douche.
Good morning!
I am always doing things I can't do, that's how I get to do them.
Picasso.
Enjoy  Create your day!
Baby you my everything!
is it okaay for Thursday if I have a digital clock on my desk??
Can't tell time very well.
RT He only masterbates to pictures of himself.
what....?
I think that tweet just lowered your penis' status on mister
Hahaha...did ya get the smack down?
Thanks SO much for tuning in!
have you met yourself?
Final day of exhibitor2012 show floor, ready, set, go!
Stop by and say hi to the BoothTag team and at booth 1571
More music you know better you can deprive ideals from.
Listening to some sebe king and Freddie mercury at the moment on forex getting paid
PrayForAlexRiegle that's all I ask for 
Tregillis, Bitter Seeds.
Alt history WWII; British demondealing warlocks battle Nazi engineered mutants.
Likely the first in a dark series
Fair enough
Will do!
RT : Please dont hesitate to keep the conversation going.
You can find each other using nytmuseums!
Where scamming happens.
RT Another successful sale on NT .
Didn't watch the Grammys.
Friends that did said it was mostly terrible.
Oh and the lineup blows
what is up my nig?
A woman who knows her value will only put up with a mans nonsense for so long.
You either get right or you will get left.
..
that was funny lolol
Can't wait for tomorrow!!!!!!!!D going to one of my favorite places on earth!
The 3 Hahahahahaha
Poor booth everybody crying :'
RT :, wht's the most creative pizza U've evr made/had?// Pineapple/Ham, home made marinara made w/RADA pizza stone, of course.
only a few more weeks sweethaht
Oh yeah.
Have fun.
Go tweet that.
Great Season SAINTS .
Unlucky today but we still love you.
Thanks for a great year!
Searching for samples!
I will open the vegas line at 6.5....any takers?
: How many times will Kim Kardashian be married?
very awesome.
Congrats.
ru using Jobu's rum again ;
My stomach growlin but I'm not hungry
Just received new fermentation vessels from Oso Brewing...fantastic folks up there who get craft brewer solidarity!
Buy there beer, too!
If you have an Instagram, feel free to follow us!
Our username is of course !
My scooba was having issues today, took it into w/the black tie protection got it replaced for free and got a 50 gift card.
LOVE.
The prices for Halloween costumes can be downright scary
Interesting!
Sent my email addoctorss to you; we can talk more about what sounds like an great venture!
wanna watch me explode into happy, tiny pieces?
Sign Peyton, Let Timmy Learn behind him, 10 years of Super Bowls for the Broncos endure3
I will pay you money I need a new one
The hulk is no fun when he's not a complete dumbass.
I need him to go apeshit
Wrapped a TV pilot yesterday and wrapping a feature tonight
You likie!!
winning Philly's finest is pleased!
Dougieing : loving ya new avi
Jus saw someone with potbellys craving resurfaces!
Not entirely sure that eTrade understands customers and their needs
Rebooting my iDevices seems to have kicked iCloud syncing into action with  not an elegant solution, but effective.
the things I DM are just too cheesy3
Finally, Pistol Pete shall wear a doctorss and henceforth be called Prancing Patricia.
ohh and no the roomate msg has nothing to do w/ me.i've been living solo for long enough i enjoy it..but the friend would be a great roomie
no problem love!.
I know what its like.
if u ever need to vent you know my twitter.
:
Wrote over 1,600 words this morning.
Time for a little break then I'm diving back in.
Just told my mom I need to be put on Adderall.
Her response 'no you dont because obviously you don't have a hard time getting it.'
Okay.
I'm up, pie is baking, and kitchen is clean.
7 hours until everyone gets here  I can do this.
thank u rob I would like to read some of ur work
Shamisterck the Block is a fun rva event.
Food and libations in Shockoe Bottom.
And green stuff.
Finally got my Phone back YEE 3
Thanks for the ff!
Be careful who you trust  tell your problems to.
Everyone who smiles at you isn't trustworthy
RT : heard this on uppers :The police in Rekia Boyd's case was only charged with misdemeanor assault.

nf my big cousin 
Good lord!
I certainly hope not!!
I haven't watched csi in forever..
it just doesn't compare to criminal minds or laworder.
Going back outside!
:
The best part about memories  You have full creative control.
Anyone want to play some basketball this afternoon at klotschke?
Kudos on the redesign.
Super sharp and clean; a huge improvement.
This rooster alarm on my phone must go!
Scared the ish outta me!
oomf has me on an emotional rollercoaster i dont wanna be on......:
and you never will
Good job!
Spurs Second round of the Playoffs, hopefully they play against The clippers cause I get 2 see my love Blake Griffin:
I wish Jamie Lono would come back.
Just for
The economy sucks.
Friend tells me that only when it's dark enough can you see the stars.
Hm.
Looking heavenward.
Deco Art just gave 2k in supplies for our Gwinnett County Public Schools!
Wow!
I go to the ink spot in bay view
We leave Paris demain!
I want to be known as no filter phill...but will still accept me?
we couldn't agree more.
Facebook kind of ruined my day's productivity, but at least it was exciting
I just almost broke my ankle on a crack in the sidewalk opened my car door into my shin  then f bombed a six yr old.
Keepin it classy!
Wrong!
Have you checked out Monif C?
The models is bigger than a 13 and she is THICK and Fabulous Boo!
OAuth2 Autonomous professorle supports client creds or receipt of SAML  as WRAP does.
WS has a lot to it.
Question: what is enough?
Nine more days till the Biggest Sagg.
BDay Bash ever at !!
my phone keeps autocorrecting various words as party.
Hope my fro turns out good
I can on Friday!!
On behalf of the Phoenix metro, I am truly, truly sorry you are being treated this way as your first stop on the revised tour.
:
I'M NOT EATING FAST FOOD YOU MUTHAFUCKAZ
This day in1987, One of the greatest jazz doctormmers of all time, Buddy Rich died aged 69 due to complications caused by a brain tumor.
sorry about that!
Thanks for letting us know.
how long are u in town for?
The live feed was shitty too.
A think they were trying to block out the feeds.
So I almost feel bad for the dude I caught moving my laundoctor to an empty doctorer.
He was a like a deer in headlights
I'm out and about at Uptown  Coronado, who wants a coupon??
To find me, you must know I only date superheros.
:o
Thanks for sharing the nice compliment!
hope ur wrong too.
Gotta have faith hurney  co know what they are doing.
I don't want anything new.
I try to respond everybody, but you are apparently so right.
: Domonique Foxworth has been unanimously elected as President of the NFLPA by the Board of Player Representatives.
Good man!
Woke up sick this morning with a sore throat :
I totally agree, super crummy.
Happy Mother's Day to all the lovely mother's in our life!
Relaxing evening after this week's burn out  MST3K movies and documentaries from Netflix.
RIP Facebook.
Twitter finally killed the right thing.
OMG!
Scallops with black truffles was unbelievable!
So good!
C u twitter!
I'll be back in a few days!.
It is impossible to look cool running for an airplane.
Heavy D's passing just reminds me how much I miss the fun Hip Hop I grew up on.
R.I.P.
Fashion is the enhanced version of who you are while style is the outer reflection of character.
me when my ipod is on shuffle: no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no yes
I thought it was good.
appreciate the RT
thank you TalentoMartin!
Hypothetical question: Which list is more talented and will win a World Series first?
The Yankees' 25man, or the Yankees' DL?
haha i dont think you should tell people that
Interesting show produce by on ocean pollution.
Ocean of plastics now twice size of TexasNeed global solutions.
Me: omfg I'm gonna cry.
Mom: why Me: reasons.
2 Mexican Cervezas ALL DAY Long!!!
Gotta love Hump Day !!
That really rustled my jimmies
Did you like me yet?
www.facebook.com/agloenterprise
watching them eat that made me sick hahahha ewWw  the nachos !!
sadface.
let's fix that!
RT : Watching ModernFamily without and ...this isn't as fun as it should be.
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer41
I miss my nose piercing :c
Debra Granik's film, WINTER'S BONE, is the first mustsee film this summer.
Check this out.
Hello Piers, Describe what Qualities makes a Good TV Interviewer?
I feel you ask your Guests Great Q's on your CNN Talk Show!
i think your icon's gorgeous.
know about la explosion?
any restaurants nearby?
OomfNeedsTo STOP giving me Mixed signals!!
please be my wifee i promise I won't cheat
Bosh bad turn over.
Dirk made him pay.
hahaha it was so random and hilarious!!!:D
Nice catch.
Sigh.
What happens in Atlantic City pretends it happened in Vegas.
Midnight premier of the hunger games  josh hutcherson on a big screen!!
3
superb job tonight!
true lol  you really are :
wow.
, that is your highest so far
Hey, it wasn't rainbows or unicorns.
Lol
: Just a typical Saturday night with baking  wine next time you do this let me know, I'm always up for baking and wine :
On my way to Universitas21 Conference in Vancouver.
Snowy Denver layover.
Not used to that white stuff
According to the NIDCR, adults aged 20 to 64 have an average of 24.92 remaining teeth.
what is it
is permanence illusory?
what's the impact of the retail model?
follow back?
:
bet has more total blocks, just cause honor will be shooting all day
Thank you, , for the Shambala recommendation.
I luv u too baby!
Rubio: 39;The world cannot make it happen without us39;
It is part of the cure to wish to be cured.
Seneca
No twitter war for me tonight.
Just suggesting Colin gets the stick out of his ass for once.
Or get laid
HEADING TO THE STUDIO LATE NITE SESSION
planet of the hoes
misterG PEOPLE, THINK WE MADE  STARRED IN HANGOVER I, SMDH
Lots of of bitter tweets regarding the Lakers on my timeline..
On the other hand, haven't seen my sister this happy about a game in a while.
What happened to Monaco, B.G?
:
Thanks man!!!
How's the job hunt?
New season of ridiculousness
Who is at 57 Degrees Food Truck Extravagnza?
more!
1735 Hancock St, San Diego

no longer have any streams or dashboard for my account.
TRICK QUESTION.
Nothing is better than pizza.
So basically, the press conference contained nothing new?
you are very welcome.
Austin is a nice city.
omg i just realized that u changed your username.
Nice!!!
i cant believe that its snowing there already  im missing it
Counting down the days until The Mars Volta's Noctourniquet releases!
Sounds like a busy but good way to end the week.
a journey is like marriage: the certain way to be wrong is to think you control it
Did you know the president is super super super sexy?

Happy Valentine's Day to all  Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
I heart you too,:
I have 3 FREE tickets to the NM Bowl!
Any takers??
because she is not sure if she has a son or a daughter anymore?
THIS RT HE'S DOING IT AGAIN!
Josh Hamilton smacks 2nd homer of night, 17th of season.
And it's only the 4th inning.
Just had Big Balls sung to me for my bday.
I have the best friends ever.
Now watching
depends on the sue.
but sounds like that's how you use it
had a awesome commercial audition today!!
Tonight was just fun.
Also, I'm really impressed by the crew of Those set changes were big and went off without a hitch.
First time ever!
22 million from local donors for health, education and income via United Way.
uwcelebration.
THANK YOU
I knew i fit in here!
Luv johnny on the rocks too!
RT : vodka is the official doctornk or shehchat :
RT : I just confirmed to speak at the Spelman College Women of Color Conference in May.
HumbledHonored
Side note: I need to get me some B12.
Some kids are cut off from high quality instruction.
We ration it along lines of class  color, school by school,  within schools.
uh oh.
We are talking tomorrow.
that was awesome
western?
What's the pitch?
At your site?
Can I have your autograph?
Just released a white wine from Burgundy!
This 2009 Aligote is a tasty little gem!
Only 60 cases were brought into the U.S.
and is only 23!
Thanks for sharing!
Great photo!
yay!
I'm hoping to be as well.
Thanks for the heads up on the email.
thanks for posting that siquieros sketch, that's one of my favorite pieces of all time
Another SEO challenge to sink our teeth into...
SEO for These apps lately even turn up accurate responses to my NY accent.
Awesome!!
Meanwhile, LSU SLIS students in their final semester are taking comp exams today.
I'll be there in a year.
Good luck, all.
I'd love Leslie to win, but if Bobby wins, we get to keep Paul Rudd.
It's a winwin.
Nice guys finish last, thats why I'll treat you like trash.
Thank you for the support!
New agent.
New union status.
New year on it's way!
well im sure thats only when ppl piss yu off..
bein around me, ull always be as sweet as pumpkin pie haha
the avengers is supposed to be good.
and 21 jump streets the shit
Characters must change more or less throughout scene.
must be from the same folks that invited me to Nigeria to claim my 16b
ah that happened to me on the subway!
not the rear ending but the iced tea al over lol
He has lost credibility.
He doesn't seem to be up to date on many issues.
RT : My CTIA WrapUp report is mostly about obscure handset vendors clogging the show floor with dualSIM featurephones
Now the Sox are trying to blow their game.
This is a great night.
tonight she lets us know that 48 hours of rehearsing foreign sounding names is possible for her
oh weird?
you should be able to type msconfig in search and it will list the program.
your not adding anything to that search?
About to lock my tweets, shits dumb getting in trouble for tweeting something
Thank God!!!
the long ass bike ride me and my nigga took today !!
I should get every Friday off.
A union boss candidate will not be strong in general.
Barrett or Falk will be candidate I here.
Others lack
Love this weather.
bring some over here
: I will have these memories forever and I hope we can make more someday.
I'm gonna miss you man.OMFG YOU GUYS NEED TO STOP:,
From Rodoctorguez on, that game was electric.
Lol there was about to be a fight
What, you don't have an affinity for Nicholas Cage?
I thought everyone did.
Having a good time with the lil prince.
Spa a lil later.
Happy Mothers Day to me!!
we have rolled out an update to our team roster display which will ensure that the correct roster is displayed for the summer season
Watch on Rachel vs.
Guy!!
GoTeamGuy:
Any word on an amnesty clause with the current agreement?
at like 10
It will be in your mentions section.
IdoBasketball.com is up and running!
What a wonderful day!
Come in and find videos, tutorials, blogs and book me for private coaching...
He's signs a new monster deal, and talks about how much harder he's going to work.
Somebody paying the reffs off!
hit up
i didn't know you followed me : ha, i miss you baberz!
Hi Mike!
Hope all is well with you.
Thank you for the RT : 
don't worry I make banging cupcakes ;
thats what i need
Yeeah i misstyped lol.Ooh it doesnt matter,i just wanted to check :
If she does notice, just kick the hornet's nest as you run.
Agree, used to love it but so many BS decisions the last few years have tarnished the sport for ever.
Nick just asked if I like pickle slushy eww
hit my phn bro
I messaged you with it
yeah I can hold out but 50 sure is tempting.
no my business trips are technical stuff I don't sell hapiness like
Don't let anyone dictate your life for you or ever put you down!
doesn't matter when there aren't any real men anyway.
I'm taking my frustration out on a pint of ice cream.
Every time I get upset at how dirty my roomates are, I think I'll graduate, I'll graduate  great motivator to do well in school.
Sure thing!
If you ever need a video, let's discuss  looking forward to it!
:
ahha!
Do you want me to bring yours tomorrow or do you want me to keep it until the concert?
:
oh, the terror of the blank page in my tumblr.
adam i miss you!
: i hope your day has beein going good 3
I do not have the knowledge....
Jordans such a sweetie though.
he made me laugh thanx i needed dat
Dear 2k NBA 2k12 is so annoying The servers r always down online assoc is good but takes 4ever for FA to sign Ur games r bad
Beautiful Souls: Saying No, Breaking Rules, Heeding the Voice of Conscience , with Eyal Press, TODAY 1 pm
PLZ FOLLOW ME:
hahaa not even the whole afternoon....
Say 45 minutes hour tops.

Atlanta misses you!
Hope that you come back soon.
My husband and I can't wait!
May God continue to bless you!!
just finished a productionsession in the writingroom at
By James Dinh Rihanna made her third appearance on Saturday Night Live this weekend, giving a memorable performance wh
what a horrible mystery.
No haven't.
But Wimbledon is on our list of packages we would like to put together to offer as a complete trip Giveaway
from what I recall, it'll be replaced with another O'Shea's as part of a refit of that block
I will keep asking...
I want more on Thursday nights!!
No excuse for not having the tag champs on.
Having the knowledge is just like having a treasure map, but you don't start the adventure until you get going.
OH SHIT, It's shout out wednesday.
Right back at u fam
Got cha.
Now, if I could only understand this twitter like I do FB...anyway good afternoon
Look at the one guy in the Louisville polo!
Tara Sounds!
iTunes iTunes!!
:
Feeling AMAYZING today!
i like this one
Keep in mind that, as an Envoy, you are also eligible for the CEN internship...which pays more!
Experience Design Practice Development, a Workshop.
Livia Labate,
hrrm how's the data mining, i mean game development, going?
I'm going to doctorw water alrighty.
Lol I'm coming to crash the party!
Me and Shenea
is that open to the public??
Oh do I ever!
haha great pic!
How about our SF Niners!!
Way to have the lead at half!
Go 49ers!!!
Well...
Don't lie
It is unfortunate that New Jersey's govrnor cannot have a civil,or honest discussion about what's best for AmericaProPublica
nowfollowing you back , thanks for the follow !
yeah we met at a show :p and you're music is great!
Yo dude what time is the phillies game today
don't forget kyle
Lolol.: I look through my baby pictures and captainon them!!
That's my favorite part of pictures!
A fine reason.
And the time diff will help you get there by 6, a necessity unless you love long queues.
I Got You
Fuck you googlechrome Im going back to firefox!
.
MilnerFenwick's New 'Hospital Quality of Care' Education Videos Support ...
Newswise
very well said
we live in a negative world if only we had more positive ppl wit more positive thinkn wit more positive words to spread
I love D Wade but after that he needs a Sprite
celebrating the hometown win with a fried egg sandwich this morning.
pretty darn good all around.
Coodies washed off...in bed...wearing my Iron Man pjs...life is good.
is the hardest worker I know, always up late studying straightA's
HAPPY THIRSTY THURSDAY!
Come on down to the HUSTLER CLUB for 3 Absolut Vodka doctornks, Bud  Bud Light !
Midnight showing of the Avengers with Kelsey and  yes, it is my 3rd time seeing it, because I just really love Chris Evans
Remember Black History Month Women's History Month and even Confederate History Month is all American History and exists beyond these months
Listening to jazz guitarist Joe Beck alto guit  jazz vocalist Deborah Brown.
The nearness of you.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
about time Clare  see y'all soon!
RT : Ooh I just found on twitter!
Sweet!
the w/ Pops 6/76/10
hey you better be there Thursday or I'll probably cry!
;
I'm TRYING TO GET IN I'm watching them through the window they're like playing skeeball lol
thought my family was the only one to call it a clicker...
definitely agree
sometimes you've just have to make sacrifices
Omg I just saw the video where that ugly lady beats her baby!!!!
I seriously just wanna cry, that's so ugly!!!!!!
New School is done til midJan.
Rapper session 2morrow.
Pete Lanctot on Fri.
It'll B a bizzy break.
Overheard outside the Overture Center today: 'That's a whole other bag of cats.' I feel bad I missed the rest of the conversation.
Wedding stuff.
blah its too late for that jazz
How do you veiw others?
Check out: todays minute   A Minute with Maxwell Free Daily Coaching: www.johnmaxwellteam.com
Josie's napping, of course.
Darn kids.
10 hours from now, we'll be shakin West Chester to its very foundations.
Where will you be?
Getting some much needed rest its still early in the morning here in da Philippines
Happy National Volunteer Week!
Thank you to all the volunteers who are busy making the world a better place to live!
thanks!shouted your shop out here!
I'm loving the pic frame jewelry display  LEGO phone holder.
Two very cute ideas!
I'm about to put For the Fallen doctorams new song on repeat and go to sleep!
happy birthday marshall
sounds good!!
Does anyone else have a butthole for a mom?
sorry dude it's the truth that's why she didnt reply to your tweet
SometimesIGetSickOf Not Knowing What To Wear
agreed, and too lazyplease send my way!!
all black everything I salute u
Idk whose pandora station I should listen to :
Why did the fish get kicked out of school?......Because he got caught with seaweed.
How is the Senate fighting Wall Street speculators who are doctorving up the price of oil?
It's very difficult to argue with that based on the first term.
Thanks, the money became available sometime this morning.
Library Journal, huh?
so your real name isn't good enough, any more?
your grandfather from Hungary will turn in his grave.
the way it works is they play against two games.
One home and one away.
It counts as two goals if you score away and one
My 'No Doubt' Pandora station took a turn for the worse.
Creed and Nickelback?
american cheese, shredded mild cheddar, too hot dogs grilled, on sourdough bread .
Nom nom nom : :
As I figured, told you to f'me.
must balance rate of application of training stimulus with rate of adaptation
just answered no to All them damn questions...lol
At CloudforceDC where are you?
Congratulations to the UWRiver Falls softball team on winning the WIAC tourney for the second straight year.
Today is the first day of Winter!
So get those shorts  flip flops out j/k.
Snuggle up w/ loved ones  order in from EAT OUT IN!
Wow!
Ms.
Warren shut down the Boyz on the show.
You go girl!
Thank you!
RT : in Austin is awesome!!
Used to go there and loved it.
I dont trust doctors, preachers, married women.
Sounds like a Via.
;
That moment when you know you're losing someone but can't do anything about it.
I'm Too Impatient...
why thank you :D
The workers at target r mean...
Listening to 2 minutes...
about to start writing...
ive been away from the pad to long
i do follow u tho :/
i do 33 and you actually accomplished to make me smile :
keep in touch
morning ya'll
Editing our show can take forever.
Thanks for tweeting EVN12 interesting topics covered!
Congratulations to !!
How did we keep 9,580 pounds of plastic out of landfills?
By using recycled printer cartridges!
Just one of the ways we're going green!
Good girl, he needed it ;p
AB 2145 for better discipline data passes CA Assembly education cmte  'a great need for information' says bill author
I just read an article that side bangs can give you lazy eye and now I'm sure I have that so now i'm paranoid omgg
Its so nice outside.
Why do i have to be inside?
Lunch with my sis Kelly.
:
Merry Christmas the day of having ur parent yell at you for not cleaning the dishes right or not smiling for a picture you didn't know was..
We LOVE our fans!
They come from all places near and far where do YOU come from?
man I'ma kill that beat, that beat goes hard as fuk, so does tha song, thumbs up homie
Yea, me and you could be the extras in the background!
We could play two silly cheerleaders!
;
both great..
Kind of out of order but both super fun
Have you considered fixing your hair in wax?
At Il Davide in San Rafael
just registering to vote has become so difficult w/ all the new rules created by repubs..to keep some people from voting
3 hour nap is no bueno for tonight.
What's looking good for lunch today?
RT : Inside scoop: EversaveSFL is launching local deals tomorrow in SE Florida!
Please
If people stare at you give them a reason to because you are beautiful 3
3WordsOfAdvice KNOW YOUR RIGHTS
I fucking love it!!
Yeah it just got put together as an example today.
is the next stop for the personal domain ;
Fortune is a great deceiver.
She sells very dear the things she seems to give us...Vincent Voiture
come say hi!
We're at the table across from the bathrooms.
What do you think about the case so far?
Thanksfor coming out today!
PODS is a unique service providing innovative  convenient solutions designed to make moving  storage more efficient and flexible for you
Ima leave you stranded in your shyt
Full healing of the skin may take several weeks to months.
.keloidsurvey.com
Great, I smell like charcoal.
Aw shame for the boy but lucky break for u!!
come on Wales!!!
well alright enjoy!
Tell me how you like the movie afterwards!
I'm waiting for marriage lol
Status: I haven't had any sleep since Thursday evening.
But once again another satisfied customer.
In Spite of All the Danger is one of the first songs recorded by The Quarrymen,
I am definitely not mainstream.
that's what they said to Admiral Ozzel.
Look how he wound up.
I hate that I'm getting used to seeing empty storefronts on 101  the
a hamburger with no onions 
phew!
tall request
so far no black cats have crossed my path!
lol
Heading to Cancun with for the PEI young executives conference

The concert is a month away, I have to get 25 to go..
oh and the ride to get there and back.
not looking so bright
Please call and request BeautifulThing :
I don't care about your hangover go complain somewhere else that's not twitter.
Welcome back Ron.
of course!
We had a blast!
At for mothersday and this place is a disaster hope everyone else is having a good day with their mom
Plenty has caused me to lose faith in it before, will be interesting to see how my experience goes.
Headed to the awards banquet.
One of my guys, Jason Lawson, is national doublegoal coach honoree!
hey juls!
I didn't get a tweet from you in a while.....
you'd make my day :
You want to make something awesome get
Be yourself because everyone else is taken and besides no one can make a better you than YOU: 3
do you realize when someone checks you out?
Happy Birthday to the best punter in the league!
Obama can get OBL in a distant country and in an undisclosed location; but he can't identify a single criminal on Wall Street.
Holed up in Parma Heights.
Omg brain fart I totally forgot about that haha.
I don't follow them anymore, so they arent able to respond back neway right?
:c
Saw a ladybug, does that mean good luck?
Ah
sometimes a bitch snaps.
today might be my day.
Do we have practice today...
This is the best baseball matchup ESPN has had in a long time.
Too bad I'm going to have to change it at 8 for Desperate Housewives
If you are struggling with the grammar concepts, please see me asap!
It gets more difficult from here.
NO IT'S NOT MY BIRTHDAY NO MORE!:lol
How despicable!
But there is no GOP WarOnWomen You speak the truth and they can't deal with that.
BTW, you look great too.
We're delighted to have writing her first post for us on being female, black, and Reformed.
hi i'm luke carr and i am legally obliged to tell you that i have a boulderbadge
Welcome, Heidi M., Jack and Janet.
Thanks for your support!
Something's gotta give bud, we are still in the not farting in front of stage when I get doctorpped off its like a jet engine
Everything looks setup correctly on your end.
Try contacting your gateway for more details on the error.
You're too kind!
We're blushing!
Thanks for being a fan of Quaker Steak  Lube!
It's terrible, no way he should miss a game after both teams were physical all series.
Just terrible.
via : OK taking a snapshot while on a wireless connection in SL really messes with the video.
i'd rub her back
I'll give u a hint initials are H.G.
from Germany.....Go lol
We wish you an AWESOME weekend!!!!
Let's have fun!!!
LOL...yeah...meant going to bed!
My bad with that last one.
Going to bed during storms!
Bryan RadioNOW
Love is not selfish...U cant meet someone...then tell them 2 stop doing the things they love.
Even if...U might lose them.
Cate Wittmack
ever try doing sun salutations  there your yoga AND cardio RT : Tweeps: yoga or cardio?
Someone tell me what to do.
Dont let her smile fool you.
Just messaged you back!!
:
Aren't you guys talking about Twitter and small businesses next Sunday?
Could you repost details please?
Saturday on the scooter and lunch Tremont647.
Great margaritas and bloody marys!
I'm so confused!
I read some things on my timeline....
but I don't get it:/ hope is all fine...
Child Fatality Review Panels, a statewide forum needed similar to national proposal.
KY needs a dialogue around prevention!
Great series of presentations about condors and the lead poisoning issue at Ithaca College campus today!
Me  are on the run
Funny shit.
Cashier Says: have a nice day.
4 year old kid says: Have a nice day, how do you do that.
Lmao
Still not sure why anyone would feed pigeons.
Thank you for the webinar mention!
My favorite band and singer together?!
D: I MUST GO!!!
:D
I forgot what a stunningly great song ocean size is until they played it to tonight.
Janes Addiction is still at the top of their game.
texaa tech's d isn't the calibur of oregon's.
we'll score but i at least want a game.
haha!
lol, yeah but i dnt need 60k i got my DJs helping me but they like to do it for free!
Thanks for listing WritingEditing /localbiz !

we wish you were going to be there tomorrow.
Hope all is well.
I will help whenever u need
Imagine Austin singing to you until you fall asleep in his arms.
where are you located?
Thanks!
It has been very useful.
Pictures sell a space better than anything.
Can always add contributors...
:
loved it.
Jaime is good people ;
oh ok.
Follow me.
What's ya favorite hobbies?
Right, and in the intervening period, I moved to NYC.
By supporting its revitalization, it helps promote our health and support youthful DNA.
Can somebody tell me what 'regular printing' is these days?
I have no clue but we get a lot of people asking for it.
Working/Making marketing contacts while gambling in Central City!
Relaxing friday night actually.
Lol
Rejection is not defeat !!
Don't get it twisted!
Try Try Again
Your back home:D Family of 5 once again!:
Come visit us tonight.
We are breaking in a new wok!
The fact that I saw lightning ten minutes ago and continue to hear thunder is making my night just so much more enjoyable.
:
google reader is curation central for digital and RSS info
I'm there son!!
Bodemeister, Daddy Nose Best, Creative Cause.
Book it.
thank you!
I really enjoy both of my optics and highly recommend them.
Same day Delivery Solution for ALL your Courier Service needs!
Open 24 hrs a day, 7 days a wk!
www.lonestardeliveryonline.com 8775275737
Judging from my timeline, I am not the only one with a girl crush on
what part we on the way to Dallas
Check out during tomorrow's 13TH Annual Walk/Run for Awareness  Hope at CBS Studio Center in Studio City tomorrow morning!
me too
what happend to your last acct?
Luv filming part of my second video at Bean Groovy  Thanks Brian 3 you all
So when u going to Korea now?
I'm a highlighter.
Your a crayon.
You may color the world, But I make it brighter.
..bastard!
No follow aloud?
Ah, trey trey desole', mon cheri..ciao!
Stronodelarosa
ugh I don't know if I can..
Or if I care enough to try!
Pretty picture !
:
Why does it look like Carlos Boozer doctorw on his hair with a Sharpie???
Smh
Enjoy and snack up during SLS12 break
Everyone thinks me and my mom are so close, but really, its the opposite of that.
can't wait to come in next week to shop for my new job!
With Boychuk being assigned to the Rochester Americans, is there still a chance we get him back or is he gone for good?
Thanks
Aw oomf got him a lil girlfriend.
Im so happy for him
thanks for the warning, think we can handle and her partner in crime....Xo!
;
4 Climate communication gaps: it's happening now, it's us, we have a choice,  scientists agree.
Can we plz get Greg on Twitter?
: Thanks to Greg Ratliff and everyone who attended our session.
Sweeney Thank you for having your Mother's Day Cooking Party at Piccolo Chef!
Chargers, you're breaking our hearts!
Just embarked on a project where I'm writing a 21 day challenge on making money online  both fun and challenging.
Taking down the arena is making me sad
Good luck to all of you on your panels at AWP12!
And have fun.
:
OMG TODAYS BEEN THE BEST DAY EVER followed me  so did Harry Styles !!
This mother fuckers shirt says Yolo ....
when the batter finishes some of his swings on his knee he means business!
Condolences, Rough one yesterday.
The GMen are tough, and the NFLRZ Chat love for Prince was too much to overcome.
im done
Smoking pole made me so relaxed and happy that I actually got to fall back asleep....
so sweet.
THANKS, Emily!
What a day of remembrance  thanks 4 joining w/ us!
Skip, we're startin an all new twitter page 4 the revolution of baseball in Miami RT  get REAL FANS  plyrs 2 follow!
Duty is a word I don't miss.
7 years of no midnight phone calls and counting!
the dude is an idiot.
He wont cry, he said he says what he believes...he's apologizing because the teams making him
Just cleaned my oven.
Without letting it catch on fire this time.
Thanks to everyone who requested Bad Mutha on The Local Buzz w/ on lastnight!
Thanks girl!
Enjoy your week and hair, see you next time:
Just do you...someone will notice!

I guess 4th time is not the charm.
haha well I'm home now so it's all good
I might need to go to the mall
I hate when females cant find a dude so they magically become bi just so that can have sumeone taking the chances from real bisexual people
when i listen to country music, my southern accent comes out.
it's bad.
whathappenswhenyouhaveamixofasouthernandnorthernaccent .
On display at
YAY!
RT : Had a great time!
Thanks to those who organized!
Canucks fans getting a little cheeky after Canucks stave off elimination
Not sleeping tonight
anyone have a clue as to who might sell gratefuldead hoodies with a bolt all the way down the back?
they're at mtn jam, ne fests
No one wants to help trend Rushers Rule The KCAs?
WheresMyBTRFamily?
oh haha yea I love them!
Every museum needs a tweeting dog.
told you...
Been following you for years
I am NOT liking the new twitter!
ANOTHER COMMERCIAL BREAK?
I'm done.
Hopefully it's some hoe'x at tha fair tonite...
We'll have a both a clown troupe and a paramedic unit standing by!
:D
Woohoo!
Congratulations, lady!
That's amazing news.
Ditto Thanks for the tweet!
Hi Judy I bet you're pretty busy right now.
Keep rocking!
Undergraduates, when you don't staple or number your papers you cannot be mad when I assume you only turned in two pages
LOOK AT MY LAST RT.
refresh the page  vote for Austin again :D
First time ever to try craigslist  listed office space I have for rent and 6 calls already!
Wish I had tried it a long time ago.
yup, she's been out there for 8 years or so and did meet her fiance out there too
Which ones?
Very little of the good stuff aside from Tokaj is available in the US.
Power point about how to do Excel
S/o to meeting up with reminded me that we gotta get back on what we started.
Any word from kmk?
RT : Everyone loves a flash mob!
If you are a non U.S.
Cycling coach, DM me if you would like to record a class for our latest Spain DVD series.
So indecisive
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 6.
Technology!
why must u always crash down on me when i need u the most!??!!
HUH?!!!!!
can Dasan come?
Yes!
Love it!!
thatawkwardmomentwhen you run out of awkward moments.
Or trying to avoid captainre by Interpol.
I wanna be a metal bender now!
your book has made a great gift for the women in my life ....
lkn fwd to reading it myself..
it's when you refresh too much twitter cuts ya off to tell ya to slow the fuck down.
Lol I wish it were real!
AND I LOVE IT
Thanks to for this past friday and to everyone that came out!
What a great time, with great beer!
!
wheres a picture of her?
To get the wino foursquare badge, do you have to go the a wine place 5 days in a row or can you split it up?
Do you remember?
in this hour there'll be ten thousand funny videos that are uploaded that aren't funny.
brilliant
have you seen what we just setup here?
bxt.me/ncvs2010 Hey ncvs!
get the TweetNotes from the ENTIRE conference.
Every tweet.
Make you a skypeee !
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
Benjamin Disraeli
Just saw the ObamaSphero video.
Super cool.
Hope all is well with you guys!
the same hahaha
Thanks for showing our SURA students around the studio today.
You've inspired them to be just like you  we think thats great.
I hope not : if they do...
Idk what I'm gonna do
I'm starting to feel a little better....
Thank You Jesus .....
Lost half a toenail to punk rock last night.
EMAC students, there were zmail issues yesterday.
If you do not receive a response from me w/in 24 hrs pls reemail.
Many thx.
i have one more class, one more hour of my undergraduate career...wow.
So glad u enjoyed!
RT : amazing night with the best friends I could ask for and the rest of Manhattan LOVE my life
1 rule during arguments: if you're losing, start correcting their grammar.
Yes we do, thanks so much!
Exchange concert at the Shanghai Conservatory today, and then back to the US tomorrow!
I like your pic:
Tenderly is finished and set to go to radio, but God is intervening wonderfully!!!!
release maybe pushed back a lil!
Thanks for filling the Secret Style Suite closets and
crazy cold outside if u dont have to leave stay home warm in your bed :
SexisBetterWhen when im hittin it n make her speak another language i papi
Good morning babies 
hey i added all my followers pimp me how are all you doing out there new pic's just uploaded check them out ;D
lol so true..
who knows...
they might win once?
looking forward to dinner Wednesday
When I was young, I told my parents....When I grow up, I want to be a musician.
Now I have come to the realization that....You can't...
...but you do
Got invited to a LinkedIn power users event in May...pretty cool.
Trust me, Ghostbusters In Hell is better left dead.
Dan couldn't even get Ghostbusters 2 right.
Only two days left on INCOMPLETE PASSES giveaway on Goodoctorads!
Get your name in!
It's fake, dummy!
We all want the same shit.
It's just how we achieve at getting that shit.
Dynamic Productivity and Organizational Guide: Secrets to getting and staying motivated, achieving your goals, more free time, more money
SEO Rob  twitter.com/expert
Ok...you're Terry Ryan: What do you do with this Twins roster?
Big fan of your show David.
Special memories watching your show with my grandfather.
I adore Pearl Jam too.
:D 3
GO ON
wanna explain why you keep following and then unfollowing me?
Is it a yolo thing?
Happy birthday to my best friend, my mom, and Walt Disney today!
What a day to celebrate!
Starlings are believed to come from northern Norway.
no other company incites anger in me quite the way att does.
Happy Birthday to The Prince Of Soul Brother MARVIN GAYE!
B
hey man, sent you an email
perfect match.
thanks for the follow :
thanks for the follow!
Downloading music, its such a passtime :
ENOUGH!!!
thats like ur 20th tweet on football.
Give it a rest
i think it is now finally cold enough to wear my new headband from !
Nice!
My day has turned out better than I expected thanks: so what're you up to?
Good Morning, Thanking the man up above everyday for my blessings.
You just described a typical DC politican.
MT OBAMA is a pathological liar, an opportunistic community agitator.
I alwys get distracted....now to announce what I came in here for: KAYA JUST MADE SHESHE IN THE TOILET FOR THE 1st TIME!!
Austin, Tx bound!
So ready to see family, frosty margaritas and friends.
Home is sweet.
I often struggle with the thought, am I robbing my childoctorn of their childhood by forcing them to grow up in such a Violent community?
Love.
Peace.
Respect.
Music.
RT tons of new articles, interviews and free downloads at www.ShowtimeXposure.com
uh hi.
How are you?
Frankly I don't think any such sentence has even been frank, let alone true.
Well, except for that one.
My Favorite Year 1992 The Chronic Album was Released!!
Where's RBX?
Still no Detox...
oh it's coming out tomorrow
Let me know when your new website is active ..
i produce and i am also looking for new record label for 2012 Tour..Thanks!
Depression is nothing to laugh at, but a depressed person is.
Me thinks this is momentum.
What about the animated series?
And the video game?
You're through the looking glass here.
it's like riding a bike.
It will come back to you and You'll feel your way through it.
Have you considered scotch, instead of polar bears?
the endgame is obviously free samples.
Brouwer and Kelly.
HAHA Thanks, I'll try to make you proud!
RT Get it, giiiirrrlll :
Kasey Hill out of Montverde is probably one of the quickest pg i've seen.
Kenny Anderson, A.I., Kasey Hill in that order.
You know you're at The Block when your ass has been grabbed more than 5x  it's normal
has over 900 fans!
How soon until we can get to 1,000?
Congrats :D
Newt's bus is five minutes away.
Or so they say.
NEWTtron bomb.
I love politics.
I don't care who it is!
Hey we record thursday Ill let you know when you can hear them: also let us know if we can get on any big 3SP shows next year!
Favorite lunch spot closednow icky mini martboo :.
Happily though ice cream sandwiches now in office vending machines yum!
what's that supposed to mean?...
Kings are no joke!
Last smooth commute on the Alaskan Way Viaduct before Viadoom.
Glad to be going to Hawaii next week.
Enjoy the traffic, folks.
RT : ...
google just as capable of getting things wrong as the rest us us :
RT : if there were 3 effective food banks in yr town, you wouldn't start another one.
So when starting a thtr co...
Awesome  thank ya!
: Thank u Kaylaaa :D
Been up all night sending in resumes.
I need a job.
doctorving a truck is just not for me.
Grant money from Rotary will provide materials, social work and training.
Great now that I got the orders out  a little time to organize b4 the NYIGF orders!
Thank you CA Gift Show
i saw you in the Huffington Post today.
That's kind of a huge deal.
I've cried this whole episode
Not surprising to hear Chris Webber is already bagging on the Mavs.
Outta work can't wait to go home  relax
my thoughts have been shifted/bettered by friends  this is what conferences are for 
Monkey from
And we still have some Coronas left over!
Glad you could fit it in.
BTW, I LOVED the sea glass wine.
It is so me :
true alright hotstuff c ya later ;
Elle Varner not too bad..
A few of us wondered out loud about Google buying Blackboard.
Glearn, anyone?
You should do it, they're 4 floors down from you.
:
Probably the most famous Green Party member is Ralph Nader.
Watching the sunset with you on my mind.
I'm missing you.
Thanks for your support Cristina!
Enjoy 15 off Medium MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout by 4/1/12.
Happy Sunday!
I'm comfortable, and I know my surroundings
they may have the skin color wrong, but they are damn right about the name!
...
tonight!
I'm performing at the MoustacheRideComedyShow at show starts at 8:30.
come thru!
busy season ahead for you!
Can't wait to create some beautiful books for your beautiful work!
and theyre like best friends off the court too!: Cp3 or Tony Parker?
i wanna see that mach up
im goon molly miss lady.i could neva b too hype HYPE 2 I DIE
When you realize your relationship ain't shit now, but everyone has told you before 
Thanks Kelly!
Big hugs to Seth!
Thank you!
I'll let you know!
Rejection Letter V arrived via email.
Worst blow yet.
The job for which I had prepared my syllabus for a Chrtien seminar.
Thank you for pulling your ads from Limbaugh's show.
Definitely show of character and decency.
Many props.
MENTION ME PLEASE just be like I love u it's ok we all know the truth Dylan lmaoooo is would be in love Wit me 2
When you get a raffle ticket tonight be sure to designate as your beneficiary!!!
No Pressure!
You've got what it takes, but it will take everything you've got.
so done trying please everyone else time to please myself
Just not mentally into the game, etc...
Off to a meeting.
Have a fabulous day!
How do you forget a pencil to a final???
We are in college.
Free comic book day!!!
Do you know of a store participating?
Seems like most of our local stores aren't
Hop is good for beer but Hope is so for me.:D
you rock grandymangFTW14 I'm so ready to go to a Yankee game, especially with  you guys, 4 real...
Yankee baseball baby
that black guy push taylor down so funny
Last time I give my number via twitter
Kids can sniff out those who truly have their interest at heart.
Sup could have gone about it a diff way.
Can't wait to see Victoria and Oliver in Young Hollywood talks about Victorious MakeItInAmerica :
I need some more followers
Tonight on MPTV 36 at 11:30pm, talks with of ESPN and CBS Sports about the NCAA Sweet16 preview.
I want everybody to hear loud and clear that I'm going to be the president of everybody.
If you're not watching AmericaRevealed on PBS right now you're missing out.
Here is the Twilight: Breaking Dawn Part 2  Teaser
soo many earthquakes at a time..something's gotta be wrong
hey, will you be at the region II conference in fort collins?
i'll be there, and i'm stopping by GLA on thursday am!
but then was upset because no one used it???
Libraries contentcommunity michael porter YES!
Trading in some games at what do I get?
Skyrim or Masters PGA?
we're just script kiddies after all, right?
What about script kiddie designers?
Quick poll: How many armbands do you think we'll be able to sell at Lambeau Sunday?
Bayer's working to strengthen bee population
It took you 13 days to come up with that response?
the intent was to expidite efficiency not to provide police with more power or to take away citizens rights cite me were this is allowed
lol at how im like scared at how loud the wind is...
I love this!!!
So true...
I'd imagine the theft itself won't get addoctorssed.
But I do wonder if we'll see the housekeeper if, say, Hannah visits her parents.
it's 11:11 making a wish and listening to 11:11 
Oh yeah, HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our bass player, Michael Skaggs!
I would like to find out what else Andoctorw Bynum finds easy.
That way I can avoid them.
Hey, enjoy all the rain.
my God is mighty to save 3
from SXSW you were with us man!
Anderson, Gloria....You are UNDESERVING to be called JOURNALISTS.
You are but PARTISAN MORONS.
get used to hearing hey you were awesome in bellflower so you know
lets all just be happy friends and love each other
I miss you!
This is how you know your kid is gonna be a beast one day: The girl's dance recital is Sunday.
She's dancing as Snow White.
These playoff hockey games are the only thing keepin me goin everyday.
I'm not wrappin no gifts 4 xmas, they going n gift bags, lol!!!!
ya but what does tyga have to do with golf?LOL
Great use of QR code, using my smart phone to scan  enter airport  gate to plane 't get any easier, no paper needed!
tnla12 There is a gap btw what people know and what we offer.
Now we make them cross the space, figure us out.
Libn's need to cross space.
Thank you all who participated in the annual Mothers Day Botox party.
It was a great success.
for Anaheim 1 supercross not OR dumbass!
But don't worry I'll try to keep your secret under wraps haha
FUCK YEAH BRO.
IT WAS FUN CHILLIN TOO
absolutely.
I don't know how to talk about this stuff without also talking about teaching  pedagogy.
No better smell than fresh cut grass on a sweet spring morning
Saw 'Lost Girl' on Sci Fy  interesting, tamer version of True Blood weirdies walking among us.
pop it!
I love popping pimples lol.
Or buy safe guard soap : it helps a lot with acne.
is VERY excited to be so collaborative in 2012!
lol I love it to c:
Heavenly Hawaii: Dos and don39;ts
Haha!
It's all good!
:
Bitch you aint no barbie i see you work at arbys number 2 super size hurry up i'm starvin, gnarly, radical, on the block i'm magical ;
Just got back from Newest exhibit, PushPlay will encourage us grownups to use our imaginations once again....
the food i'm eating right now 
improving access to healthier foods  reinforcing those pos choices can alter feeding behavior  decrease obesity
Save the trees, wipe your butt with an owl
sad to say goodbye to the food of ny, but happy to come home to some good mexican food.
Trust in Allah, but still tie up your camel.
Use your tongue as a sword and books as your ammo.
KNOWLEDGE IS POWER
awww where's the fun in that?!
Haha
Jessica and Joshua in the finals.
For once, I just wish you'd care about what I want and stop thinking about what you want and looking at all the negatives.
what's sad is the Seahawks play in the worst division in football and they still stink haha
If someone at Casa Bava were to get on ds106 radio, that would cheer me up/distract me.
PEPPERCORN TUNA: Torched Tuna covered in grounded black peppercorns on a bed of daikon, served with ponzu.
Find out more 106 West Seeboth.
great to meet you!!
im watching it !
Ahaa

aw!
anything to make your heart happy!!
:
finishing up this episode of house them going to bed cant wait to get a mew phone..
catch ya later twitter XOXO Amanda Lynn
i can't answer omg :
Peace comes from within.
Do not seek it without.
Buddha

Thanks for the RT!
Tweet away world.
Someone is reading.
I need more reading material
Hear here!
Alf liked to call 900 numbers until Kate and Willie blocked them.
It hauls toes?
Or did you mean tow truck?:
Tumblr seems to be littered with crankiness usually.
Darn kids and their angst.
I mean...
certainly open to asking around if something's going on...
but that's true, as well.
Now that it's spring, do you see a change in your utility bill?
Study time, Bible style!
The Wine Group, the world's third largest winery by volume, announced it has entered into U.S.
distribution agreement with Bodegas Trapiche
Love is...
Your mate making a three hour doctorve to come have dinner with you; then having to doctorve back!!
My WW is the best!
you guys are still engaged right?
:
THAT'S SO BAD!
Kick them back!
GBP was what I was going for there.
Forgot the initials feh.
There were 9 of us then, only 7 of us left!
You are wrong and history will prove it.
My straight marriage is only threatened by divorce rates, not more people marrying.
San Antonio: Severe Thunderstorm Watch and Flash Flood Watch.
Some tstorms today could produce large hail and strong winds.
It's amazing what good a small thing can do sometimes.
I'm either going to kill myself or somebody else I'm so mad.
so this is what insomnia feels like...
haha cool, ey its up to you man
Are you expecting me to make sense?
Hah!
Hello, all!
I'm the founder of  a new Chicagobased app that gives you cash back  donates to charity on every purchase!
worst cf to hit hr in majors?
Happy bout day!
Killah Bees v Elm City 5 narragansett rink!
The final doctorft of the book is DONE and at the publisher!
Hallelujah!!
thanks for posting buddy ;
Commission is recessing till 12;45.
I keep wondering if I could get away with declaring a PJ week.
haha
The Seven: Tangled Webs is right around the corner!
Can't wait to see the shows and the other great events in Savor Albuquerque
So many good productivity tips here.
Best one is brain dump for me.
Feels so good to get it all out.
op backup lol
myvinespot When in Denver try these great joints.
Rioja, Tomayo.
All downtown on/near Larimer St
I can't livemylife like this.
Waking up at noon, getting laid on a reg, doctornking as a part time job..
you know..
It really is tough
I feel tired but my body refuses to go to sleep..too much on my mind..so many business plans and business ventures
Let Individuality shine BRiGHT,No Matter any Situation 3 BeYourSelf 3 LoVe ENVY PROTEGE
SS.
Let it happen big guy RT What is Boston doing, they just stopped playing defense, no rotations
super sorry I missed you!
Quiet before the storm
Doin the best I can
DJohnson out with a broken collar bone...tough luck.
With the warmer temps, are you starting early on your 'spring' cleaning?
Watch the award winning recruitment video here...
www.cinecraft.com
We are going to see the show Spiderman later today
Do you keep the tags on or off?
i know you do sometimes to your hats...
On my way to the for the final show of  I'm gonna miss it.
Oh Scamander, let's make it a great one
i feel your pain.
;
I want a Fiat Abarth now.
That car just looks fun.
You mean, to complement the rotisserie?
Closed today.
Takin some sniffling, sneezing, runny nose, coughing, achy head, fever so I can rest medicine
excetera was hot!
RT : That really happened.
Went to the ballgame last night and watched the Rockies boot yet another one.
No Roctober this year me thinks.
weekly dose of watching legends and getting physically ill watching the clowns mash
Todays earthday!
Well officially it was yesterday, but its really everyday!!
Love the Mother!!
Care for her!
Brittany!
Are you going to the Mint shows?!
FashionStar is so awesome!
I have been waiting for months!
looks FABULOUS!!!!!
Gotcha babe
Hot dog race!!!!
you so nasty.
Lol
Dance Gavin Dance  3
to John: thanks for the comment on my review.
great show.
too bad abt keha.
see you next time.
I worry Pierce will play in slow motion tonight like he did at the end of Tuesday's game?
What do you think?
can't do it I got booked last minute commercial shoot in Wellesley.
Gotta reschedule or skype me :: jerkomorizzo
someone on here referred to women as females and was shocked when I told him that we're women, not females
don't you live there??
Besides it might be fun and they have garbage plates!!!
really?
What happwned?
You have enemies?
Good.
That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life  W.
Churchill
: I was right.
Full blown cold today.
I really hate I'll miss !
Boom Bap Effect tonite , HipHop Open Mic feat.
producers Premise, DJ Vex and Geeman  more beats than u know what to do wit
sure go ahead, Wake County is on the left, Mecklenburg is on the right, both v impt in General Election
you cant make jokes without context or overthetop sarcasm...read it back to urself  just think if it sounds like a joke or not
Basic graphic design tip 5: An effective logo must be memorable.
Is your brand memorable?
.
is always the neutral touchstone for all things Apple.
When confusing, go to for truly balanced analysis.
I didn't think it was that rude, there could've been other reasons.
Maybe it wasn't even him, or he's just.
pissed.
Its raining...
So the sky must be crying for my last day of spring break.
heh, naked mandolining is the only way to go!!
Exactly.
Yet they ask for donations.
If I can't finish a podcast because it's too long per episode, it loses value for me.

Myself, I like Smirnoff Vodka straight so I can feel the burning feeling all the way down!
We are so happy that the San Diego History Center has jumped on board Diversity Platinum Rewards offering 5 off their banquet hall rentals!
How are people wearing coats right now??
I hope Denver is on that list!
Are you announcing all cities today?
our infrastructure partner is having issues w/ server outages..new signups  plan builds may fail.
Should be clear by weekend!
met with the AIDS Foundation and Equality Illinois this morning to talk about budget issues
outside is the nicest side
I registered for RocCity 2.0 Event on 5/17 but did not receive a confirmation back.
Is that okay, not okay?
MoreFemalesShould TEXT BACK WHEN THEY START CONVERSATION'S
I can't say I understand or support all O's decisions.
But I think our econ would be a lot stronger w/o R obstruction
I like that better!
Good choice
Yeah I'm a dog and I don't give a Damn, if you want a boyfriend you need to find another nigga then.
wondering how it is i managed to loose a bottle of wine.
Are fricken kidding me?!Omg I'm soo sorry if you got anything from me,I'm so sorry,I got hacked.
me me me please
i dont have any !
That would be the worst thing ever!
thought I put away my winter coat for good this past weekend.
sigh.
Where are you?
..
They say treat life like a party too much, considering the life i live i dont party enough
S/O to ALL my new 32 followers :
Love it: spam email inviting me to send my info in order to receive payment for scam victims compensation.
If the root of social distress, is poverty and ignorance.
Why NATO?
I was just thinking about that this morning.
Best entrance in the business.
Help, followers!
I can't RT AND add to the RT  it's called quote on my Andoctorid app.
stillanewb, twitterhelp,
Tonight's agenda: eat dinner, finish The Arrival for ME2, at 8:50 start repeated refreshes of Origin, stay up way too late playing
Had a similar incident on a flight to Israel.
MT : woman refuses ultraortho men's demand that she moves to back of bus bit.ly/rCOuWX
Someone bring me lunch.
I'm starving!
pwease!
sweet pickles are not the best...spears homie
thanks for including my photo!
if you run in to at GABP remind him that he has a twitter account.
Not a tweet in 644 days.
I would enjoy his insight!
it'll go great, congrats!
You're a fag.
Ron Paul looks like a man among boys.
Instead of focusing on your weaknesses, focus on your strengths.
hugs and kisses:
Little childoctorn, let us not love in word or talk but in deed and in truth.
1 John 3:18
Thanks for the mention for FF!
Hahaha very very true.
I have a funny story about watching Ghost Protocol I'll have to tell you nxt wk.
sleep, hell weeks ultimate bread and butter
Haven't talked to Autumn all day ..
ImDead ..
Really!!!!
My hard was working at home now I get to the club it anit working at all!!!
Wtf
Not to mention a tail.
And a nervous, chattering energy.
I may pull this out of the bag yet!
good idea.
DANG: haha sorry I was watchin a movie did u got to bed?
You're fortunate!
is delicious!
after sending it to 363636 I sent it too 383838 now please follow me?
Iron Man  Hulk  Thor  Black Widow  Hawkeye  captainin America
RT : If SAS play BOS N the Finals, will AARP be a sponsor?
I spent thirty minutes today trying to lick my balls then realized I don't have any.
new blog post!
Automotive Interior DIY video.
Come view it, comment, and help me grow!
www.shadowglacier.blogspot.com
Can we get this stupid PatriotsGiants game over, already?
It's basketball season, damnit!
.
what the.
No it's not xD
Glad you enjoyed  and early happy bday!
Its not a lot but its enuff when you want it
they had him hooked up to a lot of monitors.
They will want you to be as comfortable as possible.
They may do a vid of you sleepin
I heard you've got a whisky aged beer, and that makes me thirsty.
Tell me about it?
someone's trying to be popular and talk to the popular kid
I wanna go to yogurt land everyone says its good but ive never had it
Jack in the Box tacos.
Reminded me of softshelled crab, oddly enough.
OneThingilove would be a nice walk in the rain with my boyfriend at night :
Watching the new glee!
It's already amazing!
oh noo dear I think they outlawed whaling lmfaooo!
If I saw Russel Martin on the street with that mustache I would think he was a rapist.
I'm half way through and I'm pretty much already inclined to agree.
I'm going to power through and finish it.
Hey are you coming to the MUR Design Meeting this Tuesday to cover the unveiling of the new Terrace Designs.
6:00 pm
Heat nation!!!!
CAN Y'ALL PLEASE CONTACT ME FOR TONIGHTS SHOW IN HOUSTON IM A PHOTOGRAPHER AND TRYING TO GET IN CONTACT WITH SOMEONE THNX
Best day ever at the Grove with !!!!!
We have to do it again!!!!!!!!
Hey, I'm Tim,friend of Bambi.I directed/filmed her video.Let me know if/when you need a music video she speaks highly of u !
: I don't want you to leave but it's for the best NoHomo CrewForever  can't believe he's moving !
Broncos Country wants a third Lombardi Right Flipping now!
doctorss warm tomorrow!
its gonna rain :l dont want you getting sick 3
Don't know when changed it so you could set your board cover but I LOVE it!
Thanks for continuing to surprise.
I don't know much about football, but at some point you have to PLAY TO WIN THE GAME!
Throw the ball!!!
For the past 10 years, we've built the translator for business commerce, focused on the networkedEconomy.
Kevin Costello at
can you explain to me the weather term for when it only rains hard during the 2 minutes I'm outside doing a live shot??
Pls don't base your opinion of STL on crowd at the funny bone.U need to go to a monster truck rally to know my people.Libbie:
Never fake who you are.
Someone will like you for being yourself.
Happy Birthday from Chicago!
.
It's CUATRO, not catorce!
Catorce means 14, not 4.
Damn Bono  Vertigo screwed up everybody.
mayoragan recommends Patients Like Me and Alliance for Health as successful health and wellness community sites.
awe you look so adorable 
I am ok, no phones working!
Love to all family hope
It's fuck with they only talk about u.
And old shit I'm on new shit
yam RT: Steve Jobs and Ev Williams are similar: their products do less than existing approaches but I use them more
Great meeting you last night!
Hope you're enjoying factorcon today.
I'm loving it : I'm sure we'll see you this evening.
Thanks a bunch !
Such a great match going on rt now  but I need it to finish in 45 minutes so I can put video on the news!
k.
thx.
I love being slapped in the face when I'm reading Radical Together.
Word by word, letter by letter I'm slapped I the face!
about an inch so far up here in Divide.
Coming down at a decent rate.
If they don't they really should!
Give betheny frankel some competition :.
Maryland approves same sex marriage
Thanks for the follow.
Some tasty wines out of NC.
I look at it not as a circle, but as an exquisite origami of dumbassery.
hahah no p
Sweep the leg of the rest of the NFL
Have any questions about a smog give us a tweet and we will be glad to assist :
2day iis UNESCOs World Book Day, chosen due 2 the anniversary of Cervantes death, as well as Shakespeares birth  death.
blwriters RT
Yeah, need to get out of my own way already.
Its sad when at your pep assembly, the cheerleaders dance to shrillex .
Maggie  haha i don't remember your real name :D
Watching Top Gear in Bloomington with The Vorticists, our hosts for the evening, before trekking to Grand Rapids.
I'll be jealous if you have it in Hattiesburg for the weekend.
I might not have mine in time, but it'll be waiting for me
Yeah...
I just saw that on a US update twitter...
Well, we'll just have to hear what the news is tomorrow!
RT : To tap into essential online education  communication programs for senior care that empower and inspire, FF !
hi: no it was Sam's bday!
Fun night downtown.
Interesting!
Thanks for sharing.
We're on our way to the happy land of Target we'll high five you on the way out!
Or face hug...
It's your call :
Tillett observes that organizations are terrible at deprovisioning access
kettlecorn!!!
I been eating a lot lately!
Anything I can find I'm eating!
Bout to fry some bacon lol
been to long:
Filled up a gas tank for the first time in awhile and it cost almost as much as my month long bus pass.
Why are we not investing in transit?
I'm what they call a predatory gay butnotreally imstraightasfuck I adore you
For all the devastated dudes who heard about Lykke Li, you probs weren't gonna have a fulfilling relationship anyway
Thanks for the follow!!
:
Be empty of worrying.
Think of who created thought
u got mad skills
Never say never ; 
I'm sorry :o Y U NO SLEEP MOAR
You aint seen what i seen
A huge thank you yet again to the LTDArmy for helping us get so many listens on the page!
You all rock!
Bryan Davis' status: Who wants to earn some beads?...
tool.
Stop it.
Surely!
RT : Happy Thursday to ya!follow :
done wow beautiful.
cool, keep meaning to try it.
always end up at zaytinya when i'm that area.
Hello beautiful, who sprinkled gorgeous on your coco puffs this morning?
Pet peeve: people doing lat pulldowns behind their neck
A lost Dachshund was found swallowed whole in the stomach of a giant catfish in Berlin on July 2003
Mwahahahah!!
RT Just ordered some weekend shoe options from  also is EVIL.
Very surprised to learn that at least 400 people in Philly are over 100 years old.
Do you know a place/person in the Los Angeles area that can repair an oud?
There are a few things in the oven!
;
Watching BEHIND THE MUSIC: :D yeah boy!!
What qualifications does one have to possess in order to become a judge?
Can't wait!
will see you there for fabulous services!
RT: FNO is tom at Fashion Valley!
Kickoff at 6pm!...
aww yucks!
i am antilegumes.
not 21DSD approved either if you are doing that.
ever try pecan butter?
walnut/pecan?
hasn't happened yet.
They'll be here June 1322 for our popup newsroom, Engine28.com covering all things theater in LA.
Visit!
So, it turns out I'm done cleaning on that room for right now.
I'm over halfway done!
SHWEET NIPPLES!
Lol.
x
...thanks, I'll keep that in mind xD Your gonna make them so sick u jerk lol
i c the negative as here 2 tch us, so really pos
Great quote from idol, question: what are you sweating?
Answer: mostly water.
Funny!
pandora is crazy good right now!
Newly released at ITunes, ICANSIA App Chinese to American Accent.
4.99 till December 31/11 To help the dialogue between us
yep.
And their trip to jail without clothes.
.
imagining TEI ODD as a way of modeling something like historiography, scholarly selfconsciousness
daddy told mommy she had Chinese eyes.
Just embrace it!
Own it!
I like to laugh at myself as much as I laugh at others.
Happy Law Day!
The legal system may well suck where you are, but it's worse most other places in the world.
Mc.
Gee is schooling Bynum out there,I thought Bynum was the all pro.?
no katy was trying to be a crab..
i don't like crabs..
A little too much bronzer there Jac, your face is a different color than your hands
All I do with my time is do homework and watch The Hills on Netflix, I need a life
the first day of the rest of our lives: you up for it?
Subway  Lenny's.
Looking for male vocalist, contact only if serious
I want an Iphone.
Dude, you keep forgetting the hashtag.
Still getting used to notes on the iPad.
Evernote or google docs?
Decisions decisions.
Csi Miami on TV
already sold it.
I'm upgrading to a new MacBook Pro for my company computer.
Tired of having two machines.
I think I sense a blog post brewing from UVa UX : Sometimes I think visual priority gets muddled in composite approaches.
Who says you're not perfect.
Excited to give recently renovated a try this weekend.
Haven't been in ages.
Who would like to be my date?
where did you have most of your work done?
Tertullian was okay until he wasn't.
Tuesday!!
and one up early on Mon for my twitterers!!: RT When are you going to have more songs on Itunes?
On This Day: May 12, 1780, Charleston, South Carolina fell to British forces.
Tina's going away...
is finally legal.
They're just growing up so fast!!
Wow what a game, my nerves are shot!!
Mizzou takes the win!!!
Bite it Kansas scum!!!!!
lol!
And that Andoctor Leon Talley will be over the top and want everything for free.
Dont tell me the sky iss the limit when there are Footprints on the moon
my work friends make my day 
I was on a plane with David Simon.
I was very upset because I had nothing meaningful to say.
I want to go to australia so bad..
maybe one day
I'm comin over for that
Like an ecigarette they should make an ejoint, now that would sell :
Thanks!
will do!
eleportay is a great word in pig latin.
Brian I wanted to get your input on my ExperienceJoeRogan app in the doctorid Market.
DM me.
Oh okay thanks for letting me know: I can't wait to see them!
Dad's birthday and the Rapture.
Hey there!
We, fans, want you to give us more seasons of 90210, please!
We'd be very happy!
Thank you!
Delicious!
Also loved Luke.
Mitt Romney was 18 ys old when he bullied a fellow student, the same age as many of our activeduty soldiers.
Spoiled snob.
Thanks!
Did a great job printing them!
Air permit means that much closer to jobs for Hawaii Island  30 or 40 permanent jobs; 80 construction jobs for a year.
All these horses names are so Funny, I Love it..
After your audition, come across the street to fill your nervous belly with food  doctornks!
Can't even explain how happy I am right now.
right but in the past the hidden constituted a very small part of the overall number, now it's far greater and gives a distorted
that's very cool!
Girl: I love Cody Simpson.
Me: I love Jake, Josh, Campbell, Alli, Brad, Matt  Angie too!
Girl: Who are they?
Me: GET OUT OF HERE!
HA, for me, that's nostalgie de la boue.
Hooper carried gunpowder from the warship's magazine to its guns  was 8 in July, 1812 when the USS Comet left for the Caribbean Sea.
I wouldn't walk 500 miles for Taco Bell, but I definitely would for a signed Community script.
Fact: A new franchise business opens every 8 minutes of every business day.
one day at a time living through it
all thoughtful art writing can be used by the market for its ends.
being anti market makes you marketable.
Boogiedabeat is today!!!!
Grand canyon university!
Well be holding down the pre partying throwin down anything that's got the stank of...
weird how the neighbors I don't even know or like asked to jump on my trampoline..
So Met Office computer....where's the rain??Sun shines in Newark !
I just saw you on !!!
You were absolutely amazing!
You're such an idol!: 3:
im alright, how are you?
Oh, I'll be watching!
ooh what party?
hey is your meeting near downtown Boston?
Memphians may want to start calling them selves Mamphibians.
hey whats up hit me back..
Sounds awesome!
Have a beer for me ;
Great day at Cinco de Mayo volunteering for the Colorado Hispanic Republicans.
Met so many great people  Civic Center Park!
The fact that I have to take the EOC today pisses me off 
It's from skyperbating..wait...: What's up with the bald spot on his Brendon's head?
Is he selling some his hair on eBay?
BB13
Listening to Adele's 21 today in honor of her awesome grammy wins last night.
I will attribute my tears to pregnancy hormones...yeah.
Which one?
Where on Capitol.
Probably not :
Red Get busy living or get busy dying.
Wow!
That's really good!
I love the riddles that you speak 3
Beer sommeliers pair spicy food with citrusy beers, rye beers with roasted meats and smoked dishes with light lager.
Texture, spice matter.
 funniest thing ever!
really??????
Welcome!
// : New to Twitter and recommended: NYT White House correspondent 
feeling good is not an action i am currently participating in
Mgr Durham tells his OF after a misplayed flyball, C'mon man, there are no bad hops in the sky...Easy for a guy 60ft from homeplate to say
Hey, Del!
Just sent you an email!
Still struggling to get the printing done!!!
I hope this time is a charm!
:
dunno bout me but i know bout you so say hello to falsetto in 3 2 swag.
oh goodness...i will take that as a compliment.
When life doesn't go your way it provides LOTS of wrtng material as it's
np, if you have any other questions, just let us know at Support simplegeo com
likewise Chris.
Best of luck!
i followed back nigga !
Thank god for work.
you need to learn  move on!
This whole professorssional/personal dualaccount Tweeting is going to give me a personality complex.
I'll keep the experiment alive for now...
guess who wants to pump it?
I've never meet a teenager who wasn't a dick.
Thanks for your tweet!
Please email us at so we can better assess the exact location.
Well...
I like it soo HMPH!
:
Kobe gonna be pissed.
He calling for the ball and the team is ignoring him
doesn't matter to me
Why get up?
LOL : LOL RT : RT : Have you ever wondered what mornings would be like without coffee?
...
you should just stop by the house on your way, you're probably going to doctorve within about 3mins of me on I70 anyway lol
Big girls need lovin' too.....and I'm willing to provide it.
so long, no tweets  maybe back?
it's also fire code.
:
Its not where you are from..
its where you are.
ur such a homer!
Harbaugh doesn't know how to win with class if you were a Lions fan you would be siding with Schwartz
OMG!!!!
CONGRATS ON YOUR LOGO PLACEMENT!!!!
You're a Rockstar!
Yes indeed , is the best church this side of the Jordan.
Won't disappoint.
Goodluck at your game 
As you can see, my twitter name is no longer it is now yay!!!!!
yeah my brothers thought it was funny
is it after school
I want an iPhone camera that doesn't make amazing moonrises look unimpressive.
White truffle risotto for family again, I could get used to this
No doubt, no doubt.
We should hit up the man HIMSELF!
1 golden ticket goes to...
!
Ping for details!
I am happy that Pandora knows that Mondays are for Green Day.
Would you rather be sour tomorrow or sorry tomorrow
yes yes yes!
c/o 2016 :D
I'm trying b one
YouKnowYouSoftWhen you cry when someone looks at you and you cry.
Can't wait to see what does with this situation when he takes the stage shortly.
Will keep all of you posted.
: When you're next to me, there's no place I'd rather be.
Casey James
Listening to the nerdiest first date ever.
They are discussing analytics, asian social networks and who is a must follow on twitter
H.w time T.T
Not at the moment.
Working on cosmic dance series  have 2 babies at home.
:
thanks Adoctoran!!!
Hope you are well.
I am!
Sent DM.
Hannah Fletcher 3 !
Exactly 10 weeks until Orioles Opening Day!!!
Will you help pack the yard on April 6th against the Twins?
I don't really like my painting teacher she's kinda annoying
Tom Joad would kick John Galt's ass.
WhatWouldTomDo wiunion ;
That rezoning 4 Norwood area...been approved yet?
Might have a new shopping area behind Expo Center before long.
Existing infrastructure, and existing expertise to preserve and provide access to all information.
To win you must also be a Fan on Facebook!
Facebook.com/ChristmasEverydayClothing.
Like us now!
City Cuts Ribbon At Jackson International The late Maynard Holbrook Jackson, Jr., would have been proud to see this day come to fruition.
tomorrow wil be a better day!!
Good on Susan Collins for breaking party ranks and supporting the
yeah.
It was.
Only things I disliked were that the original joker died and the batman was not good.
nothing worth having EVER comes easy...
Do you guys need a web designer?
Your website is just an empty directory.
After the earthquake, the hurricane and what not, I'll finally be able tomorrow to meet my students of poetry at
who are you
Messy hair today and I'm not going to do nothing about it.
;
lol I know and that sucks that's why I made a twitter lol
Awesome, I had some classes with Josh.
I traveled with the team in 06 to Orlando for the semi's.
That's good.
If it didn't I'd be worried about you.
Plow on through it, then you can reread it.
Think I've read it 15x or so
Hi, do you have a copy of The Hunger Games?
And they were surprised when I said 85 people are waiting.
Thank you for the follow.
We look forward to seeing your readers at our upcoming exhibition!
You should pay attention to people when they're mad, that's when the truth comes out.
You think he could meet with us next Tuesday after we go to Hamilton?
Idk why Facebook does that .
They need to get laid.
Oh YES!RT :Have U ever had a message you wanted to send SO BAD but something wouldn't let you?
THANK GOD FOR THE HOLY GHOST!
alright you are on the list.
:
and its not funny so why are you laughing tour ass off
A1.
My perfect vacation would be anywhere w/ my guy where I don't have to be responsible for anything
In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, till thou return unto the ground; for out of it wast thou taken: for dust thou art,
I like the phrase nothing to sneeze at because it implies that some things are worth sneezing directly AT and I want to watch that happen.
TheWorstFeeling is when u wnt to move on but u dnt knw how
whoa when did you get Twitter?!
your beautiful don't forget that  3 , my feelinsforyou are so real there realer than real x !
3 I love you  3
Waiting for a Pro
your overqualified!
Haha
Gonna Give u the straight truth: It isnt cute when u front on me its sorta ruder and annoying sorry had to tell u the truth
Just had my last class as a sophomore.
sure!
Would love to.
Have a biz related question for u.
Dm me your phone number.
Thank You Dear;
since when does a person shot another person than kill themseleves and the incident doesnt get investigated?
hm
Hey, there.
How's the writing going?
Matthew
pretty sure someone's pissing in that picture...haha
Fuck it.
Im going to Pizza Hut.
lexi thinks the orange is a ball!
lmao
Wow at Gaga making the Top Ten on Forbes even after hibernating for like 45 months.
Try to track down Yukon Jackson Chocolates.
Don't know if they've got a retail store, but the eponymous Jackson is hilarious.
Definitely one of the most informative, helpful webinars I've attended in a while.
Thx , my brain is churnin'.
Smh black folks no thay can lie
Hearts all over the world tonight
Nothing like watching criminals getting their ass whooped to the bad boys theme song
Not letting anything get to me today.
MLM News!
Do You Bake
YVW!
Happy to connect with you!
Okay, we want to hear it: what is your favorite type of cheese on a burger?.
Time yet again for that annual spring ritual:
I know!
I'm way behind too.
I haven't seen any of season 3 yet.
I think you can get the last 5 episodes for free on Hulu.
exactly!
: Me too..
even though that makes me 6'6''.
Gonna be too old one day.
Might as well live in them now!
what do u do all day?
Thnx for the FF!
Check them out!
Our bros  kick ass band!
I like what I do , and I do what I like .
3rd day on Hawaiian tour Maui.
FYI spam is a delicatessen here.
Can't wait 4 peanut butter  jelly to get its recognition as BF of champions
you tell me I'm a screwd up mess, that I never listen.
When your phone randomly glitches out and plays music when its in ur backpack.
'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
Alfred Lord Tennyson
seems to be so appreciative of his fans.
Really makes me hope all the best for him in this world!
keepin it real!
Aghhhhh mini heart attack:O what he does just by a little thing he did: lolol
Watching do Insanity at 6:45 in the morning.
Now that's funny right there...I don't care who you are!
Awesome.
I Love You Dancer is one of my favorite songs ever in life.
I'm always here just a tweet away 3
You're welcome!
Yeah sometimes I feel like the directioners are overtaking the beliebers.
Like theres more of them than there is us :/
Are libraries obsolete?
Nah.
They're just changing.
That title was misleading and the panel kinda stacked
On set.
In a red doctorss.
Holding a raw steak.
Pictures soon.
There is nothing inherently wrong with taking out cash in a refinance, so long as the cash is used wisely
Darn iforgot my book for class : n my usb doctorve today is not a good day for me so far
new twitter: will be tweeting this 4 a bit til i get my followers back.
otherwise, is out of service.
Fenty We are trying to get people out of cars, we are not worried about inconveniencing cars
Hear about 729 Vending on WTOP 103.5 today around 37 minutes after each hour!
FUN!!
You ladies enjoy!!
3
It's crazy right?
The bats just fall asleep against the Royals.
Crazy bullet dodging for like six years.
If everything could ever feel this real forever.
If anything could ever be this good again.
HappyBirthdayMamaMahone Have a great day!
:D
Courage is not the absence of fear, but the realization that there is something greater than fear.
Ambrose Redmoon
At Engaging Peace Conference.
So much needed inspiration.
12 hours till SAPSounds vid doctorps.
1st through 10th star of this game is Fleury.
mikey was def going commando
RT : cobol is well proven for cardsystem bankcard on mainframe or as400 as mostly used for.
lol..
my father in law says every DIY job requires at least 3 trips to Home Depot
isn't Derby tomorrow?
Thanks for making me sound legit this weekend when Mike was SHOCKED that I was on Twitter.
plese follow me ?
tj maxx in oak creek 40 on clearance.
Love love love
Lead off triple...ok.
They didn't get ur number or i would have called, if u have any more questions feel free to call 4123674888 ext 5
Side Show Radio w/Danny13 on Rock103 starts now, we're gonna be on the show doing an interview, check it out!
finally got paid for 3 weeks of work!
Now I don't feel guilty about buying some halloween costume accessories for this weekend.
:
WHO...
I don't even need to finish this, you all know what's up!
is it no good?
I vote for in the Shorty Awards Finals for weird because...he's strange
Please follow me , and I love your music and if you guys followed me I would
Shhhii grill in charlotte!
RT : I Just Bought Some Burgers : I may grill later..Whatchall doin?
I wanna go back to school; and sleep in my zebra cocoon.
I'm already sick of being home..
This summer is going to blow.
Thank U Jen :
This show Extreme Cribs is crazy!
Plane has arrived...
Wheels up to DC at 11PM ET
Lots of physical play in the first five minutes.
Neither team's giving up anything easyit's 53 Hoyas at the first TV timeout
55 of graduating seniors in 2010 fell short of basic understanding of US History.
Um, WOW!
Is it any wonder we are where we are?
: you two made my night anytime :
College in the fall seems so far away.
Let's just start this already!
Excited!
check Craigslist!
Saw some BX8a's on there for about 250.00
I'm looking forward to playing at the doctorke Hotel tonight with the Katie Ernst Trio, featuring and Jeremy Cunningham!
8pm12
My birthday party  Saturday , October 9th , at the Hatfield Mccoy Bowling Alley 1 o'clock .
i had the chance to live in NYC at 17years old, signed with gary scalzo talent, An amazing city  17!
living by your self!
punched out my brain and filled up my soul tonight with Gospel According to First Squad!
Thank you!!
2013/2014 new new im jiggin im fresh by 500Boyz Watch out for the New Video!!!!!!!!!
TEAM F.B.E.
Ravens approaching 300 rushing yards..already their third best output in franchise history.
The 100 syllable sonnet movement.
Ready go.
Ok still hasn't shown so here is the link...
Sorry havn't done a video in a while lost editing soft ware.
Don't like this soft ware.
Always keep an open mind, along with an open heart.
you got a twitter?
why?
twitter stanks
Inspiration can hit at the oddest times, sometimes best not to rush things.
truer words haven't been spoken
oh my god
How late to work do you have to be before you can just fake your death instead?
Thanks man, we are pumped for the show!!
See you there.
Headed home.
Derby bound tomorrow
Little girl goes into a barbershop eating a snack.
Barber:Ur getting hair on your Twinkie.
Girl:I know, I'm getting boobs too
I'll be there.
Hopefully there'll be decent cell coverage this time.
My hair is not on point.
I can't wait until Thursday.
Thank you as well for the follow back!
We'd also luv to send u music to be considered for the film.
Woo hoo, more Vegans!
;
Factoring your Commercial AR is not a loan; it is the procedure of buying legitimate AR from your business at a small discount.
HEY thanks for the followwe are big fans Cheers!
Resolutions list: NO PROCRASTINATION!!!!!!!1!!11 lol do stoofss do something succesfull make monies ???
professorT
ok you better
He's adorable!
oh god.
im nervous
thank you for a fantastic night of The Birds and Tippi Hedoctorn.
re: Kerry James Marshall  Yeah, he's AMAZING.
RT : TomDaschle: IntlBudget helps keep America competitive in the global marketplace  creates jobs here at home  USGLC Conference
You know...
I bet roadkill meat is really tender.
OMG why do i do this 2 myself!
i just saw Junior Seau's mother heartwrenching statement.
they need 2 take it down : Imma mess!
RIP
you're finished anyway.
That was all your fault.
Fear and Mongering in Las Vegas.
Yeah, you rocked that doctorss Andoctora.
Who knew by looking at it on the hanger?
Spent last night at Palm Springs Art Museum opening 4 artist  museum director Michael Petry  beautiful multimedia work w/ glass focus
Someone making a diference  RT : Just donated to disabled veterans of America
Bored but maybe get to see GaGa at Harvard!
When does LGA tornado watch expire?
My sister's grounded trying to get to
Best thing on Fox is Shep Smith.
And you!
Pushing your kids in a stroller 4 seats wide is the equivalent of setting up a blanket fort in the aisle of a movie theater.
Were on reverbnation stop by and add as a fan
Thanks: RT FFriday13th  Lucky to follow these
Happy 4:20!!!
Take that how ever u want!!!!!
Hahahahaha!
Hustlers mentality
.
Hi Eric!
Would you mind RTing us?
We are a new resource for those starting, funding or mentoring
you're welcome everyone :
i think its time for me to go2 sleep..when replied i thought it was  my heart skipped a beat!
haha it hurt real bad!
So glad to hear about our special guests!
Happy belated birthday, Grandma!
okay I know u aare more than excited and ready nita babies are such a blessing I miss you too.
999 Followers!!
Woof!!
Oops!
I shit my pants...
Tonight at the Westerville location: Backpacking 101.
Clinic starts at 6, cost is 5.
Call 8183620 to signup, or just show up at 6!
All day everyday
The most important thing to evaluate when selecting a digital agency is the actual team that will serve your
This Ryan Adams' cover of Ratt's Round and Round is going to be awfully good or pleasurably bad, I'm sure.
There really is no difference.
'and that's how families get bigger.' wise words of wisdom from my uncle
I almost bribed her.
I have many tricks up my sleeve, muahahahahahahahahaahaaaaaha!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
One year alcohol charge free
: says Fish do church in water.
working on producing a movie and the sound track.
I need a HARP refi with MI for a primary residence in CO.
If you can help, then DM me.
I want to deal with this TODAY!
Good morning!
onlyintheghetto will you hear a girl use the insult GET YOUR OWN WEAVE!
never dat just been busy doing alot of nothing lol
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I dont want to win
watchin the little mermaid c:
EVA's next meeting is Sat.
Feb 5th!
Red Hot Internet Publicity 2.0 w/ Penny Sansevieri 10:30 at the Azusa Public Library
Let's Go Rangers!
Gotta love Stanley Cup playoff hockey!
At Alex Theater in Glendale for LACO: Charles Ives, Gabriel Kahane, and Hayden on the menu.
Report to follow at
Sad to see workers hanging a For Rent sign on the space formerly occupied by Georgia's Bakery/Cafe on the UWS.
limbounsure
is headed to the 4th Avenue Gallery in Ann Arbor...
Group Show and singer song writer Bill Edwards and his band...7pm11pm
But what do you really feel?
come back!
NOW.
Headed into Kindergarten Orientation for my oldest.
Where have the past 5 yrs gone?!
Trying to act older than I feel.
:
Very excited for 's new opporunity, as she slogs through her final day of sniffles and nonchallenge at her current employer.
Scott Suggs can guard Shabazz Muhammad, right?
Uh....
Wow, I've reached 3,000 followers!
THANK YOU!
Yes sir, god is good!!!
ain't nuthin like waken up to a new day wit out bein blessed!!!!
I'm pretty bummed that one of my happy places, The Givin House, is closing.
Now I'll be back to haunting WIlliams Sonoma.
go on ur other account and follow me
P.S...I think I desire happiness more than interestingness.
Any thoughts?
The whole choir sung me happy bday that was awesome thank u guys
take my punk ass to sleep.
getting aggravated
um freddy I have one of you and her and well you are um well umm yea ....hold please
Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry to hear about this.
I wish I could help.
Sending you a big hug.
vampire bill
Dinner was great foodwise though service was a bit uneven.
Overall a good experience though!
Totally random but do u like historic places that have either been abandoned or closed?
I feel like ur a history buff.
R u?
Beautiful and thoughtful.
Thank you for that.
I'm holding his family in the light.
I can't handle the idea that they are going to cliff hang me.
Happy Star Wars Day!
Yankees now trail Royals by 2 runs.
Come on Yankees score some more runs
126 new names have been added 2 list of Israel's fallen soldiers  terrorism victims since last year
Forever alone cause i have no friends.
I'm a big fan of yours  keep up the great reporting
happy birthday friendan!!!!
i stare out of my window and i count the days cause' my life's so fuckin' pointless.
that awkward moment when your in the outfield and Nicole tells you how soft her vagina is from her new razor.....
Social engagement is the key metric of the online advertising future.
Conversation about and sharing of content.
Beyond Likes and Follows
Work Work Work
that's right no comeback!
I win!
Dang it.
They arent breaking up
I was listening to Power and overcooked my chicken parmesan.
I WILL SUE THE SHIT OUT OF KANYE WEST!!
Nope.
Still not old.
Looking to go green?
Purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at your nearest select
what do you want to be now?
no the current event and the regular one
do you have any row A's left?
where are you?
LOL why did I put off this doctorma portfolio?
hahaha I'm going to up until two in the morning
Tweeting About Your Pussy
nourishing a fun workplace culture for the road ahead
RT : compassions never fail.
They are new every morning; great is your faithfulness.
Lam 3:2223
Yeah I started using it but never really stuck to it.
After writing this paper I will get on it.
Some things just get me...
RT  Tom Brady says he would welcome Randy Moss back 2 play 4 da New England Patriots
You are sitting in a lake of limitless opportunity.
Poll: If a nonprofessort wanted you to sign an NDA before they told you organizations they are in negations to partner with, what would you do?
imm so Glad you are Feeling Better 3 4
Watching it's definantly recording, sitting hear laughing waiting for to swag out the place ; ILY 3
I Damn sure do lol
Never talk about my issues because I don't want to sound like a whinny complainer.
great idea!
gimme dat donut glaze and she will taste like one
Good morning Sunshine!
Breakfast is ready!
i think i just spent an hour reading one direction imagines
That's the long answer.
lol The shortI was impatient.
If there's one thing a Montessori parent must be it's patient, right?
aww,i miss u :
it's going to be such a huge relief for everyone once i'm gone
So The Scream sold for what, 200 million?
I must stop making anonymous phone call bids.
It feels impossible for me to live w/out butter.
My waffle feels the same.
What are you talking about?
oh no!
Cut it out and hope she doesn't notice.
doctorving up Downtown Miami, starting a SUPER weekend
Anyone else think it's weird to send an email to notify staff that our email isn't working?
HEY, I HEARD YOU WERE A PLAYA...
WELL I'M THE COACH...
At breakfast called city soup talking about hunger Calling on and city officials for citywide plan to end hunger
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
Robert Byrne
haha lucky you!!
I still need 3 more weeks :/
Told you I been sleeping all day!
So how long does it take for someone to put a remote starter in my car..i been here for 3 hours
I'm curious, can you glue chicken to beef?
Find that out, please.
:D
Cardio and ozzy on the talk..
It's a good day
fuck mothers day.
Marriage is not a noun; it's a verb ...
It's something you do.
It's the way you love your partner every day.
Barbara De Angelis
Back to work..
Watching Shark Night
Today is going to be a great day!
Thanks for stopping by last Friday!
What did you have?
That's a hard question I like them all for different reasons but if I like HAD to choose to marry one I's pick Harold!
You?
There is no room for hate .
Smh did he just say skateland
If you're trying to date me.
Don't call me sexy.
And don't message me saying hey I'm single now.
Umm wow am i second best???
Thanks.
Goodbye
Yes.
Related: Kenneth Cole is an idiot : It seems most of the interesting/important information is at the bottom of an article.
:I wanna see Casea  Rizzy tomorrow yesplease i think we can make that happen captainin
Anyone want a free pizza
Happy Mothers Day!!!
This steak is quite large, even by American standards  Jancis Robinson
i took the plane down there not doctorving over 13 hours to get to miami but now i wish i did would been alot cheaper.
Could Big 10 be a play?
B10 wants to tap TX market and maybe BTN helps bring in desired  for school?
Mariachi Christmas is this Thursday!
Woot!
When was the last time you heard five homeless people on the radio discussing homelessness?
Such a valuable conversation.
Oh, there it goes!
Good deal.
Just don't stare at her bulging neck or doctorpey, black clothing tentacles for too long or she'll steal your voice too.
;
you've never even been here before!
the rain really isn't too bad.
the differences between the two in terms of overuse injuries?
Texas has mtns, and an ocean.
Beautiful hill country in the middle to west.
Maybe you meant pancake flat like Lubbock
Water and gyros, stat!
Good job!!
My Bday is coming up in 2 days, please wish me a happy birthday 2
Awesome news, sir!
Congratulations.
:D
LOL!
Well have a great day!
Hope the coffee helps!
So many priceless moments with you:
Carters shout out to the new honeys.
Boston is airing right now!
Watch as he explores the diverse food scene most people overlook in MA!
thats freaking weird, i seriously just did flip my hair then i got the alert on my phone...
awkwardly awesome!
we're gonna be playing Brick By Brick in San Diego, CA on Oct.
26.
It's a wednesday, so we know NONE OF YOU HAVE ANYTHING BETTER TO DO.
21
me too!
And plus I'll make unemployment for a while until I do.
you're amazing
I'm good when My band is GooD!When my band breaks up I break up!
nah, I'm not sick but you sound sick, you sick?
inspiration is free...
go get some...
We can't wait either!
It is currently in development and will be released later this year!
Honestly is one of the few ladies out here that I KNOW is gonna make a difference out there in the world.
Happy Birthday miss!
Nice!
Going to be a great workout tomorrow!!!
Xoxoxox
why thank you pretty lady!
He Won't Let You Down  : What gospel song brigthens your day when you are feeling a little down?
Just reading through my Twitter feed is stressing me out, and I haven't even left my house yet...
sigh
yeah I like it too!
I just didn't want the entire thing black and white xD
Tonight!!!!
At Dobbs in Philly TRASH FEST USA!!!
Leiana at 8pm, tix sold out online...walk ups still avail tho!!!!!
Guess what boys and girls!
Vocal bleed on live vocals means no vocal tuning on this album.
At least can sing.
Yo prob eating sushi at this point.
I'm here til 7p with your tix!
What it do Bobby!
What's been going on bruh?
At least I dont have to worry about an NBA lockout this offseason.
I can look forward to Nuggets basketball in November
it's nearly...friday, friday, gonna get down and party!
chillin' in the backseat ;
Life is not worth living unless it is lived for others.
Maybe I'm just hungry......
Expect an email from me tonight or tomorrow at a conference now with co organizer
Hellhound on His Trail: The Stalking of Martin Luther King, Jr.
the International Hunt for His Assassin by Hampton Sides
Heading off for a little while.
Will be back before pick 22
hi thank you to follow me, I like what you do especially traveling
All Pinterest does is give me unrealistic expectations of what I can accomplish in my free time.
Liberty don't work as good in practice as it does in speeches.
Will Rogers
hi cousin Im sorry for my long absence on twitter I completely and utterly forgot but I'm back now and will be more often on
you are a beautiful singer Colton.3
I need more, I don't have access to a TV.
What happened?
Skype?
Do people still do that?
have fun!
Looking to make a last minute donation?
Head over to stars4thecure.info and click on donate!
Show tonight at the Wonderland Ballroom with Watermelon.
10pm!
I don't want to be larger than life I want to have a life by the horns.
Call it Nature, Fate, Fortune all these are names of the one and selfsame God.
Missing the kids and fun at the Lab!
Thanks for making Adam West's star shine on the Hollywood Walk of Fame!
Tenacity  Devotion for the love of Batman
RT ThaGreat34 forreal but still i can show u how to get dis money without ah deal
I put fire symbols looking good !!!
How dumb can a person get ?....
its not a cheap city to live in you should know that
Back in tha lab makin it do what it do!
: I hurt way too much to sleep :
I still have to clean out my car, replaced the lightbulb in the back tail light, get an oil change, inspection, and find my license.
GAB says no way to tell when recall election might be held.
Uncharted territory.
Thx Rosie...dead money all around!
STRANGER DANGER!
/.
At Riverwest Public House for Rio Turbo, Sat.
Night Duets, Chicaloyoh, and High Wolf.
10allyoucandoctornk with !
We should not celebrate the unnatural act of Transgendered individuals?
Why are christians not speaking up on this issue?
That awkward moment when you keep talking  you dont realize your friend walked away.
In 1981, prior to the famous PC, IBM sold a desktop computer called the Datamaster.
Mw3 live .!
Someone wanna play me and my sister ?
: Or basketball live ?
Someone play me in doctorw Something!!!
Rifframbitches username
The one kiss  That I still miss  Rests tantalizingly  there  On your cherry red lips
Note to self: Morning runs make you ten times the champ you already are
My car is names Misty for anyone who is wondering.
im goin to sleep now Goodnight hopefully i will have service tomorrow txt you if i do
Don't give me ideas  my husband already hates me feeding the squirrels
RT : Been 20 min  no signal acquired by modem.
Looks like this Clear 4G experiment was a waste.
Sending back tomorrow.
Alright Dup
The blue clay is awesome.
I'm all about it.
It's so much easier to see the ball.
You can make every tournament blue for me.
Safe Travels Joba.
nice to meet you as well.
There could be something with the time it takes to shoot a Free Throw after a player gets the ball...
So happy to be a Celtics fan and not a laker fan
Thanks so much for the follow!
Enjoy your day!
:
Thanks for the RTs today.
I appreciate them.
Bet it's starting to get pretty nice in your neck of the woods huh?
PDXRocks!
With Time Comes Genuine Power.
Cocktail of the day:Lychee cucumber martinicombine the sweet of the lychee with the refreshing power of cucumber,add vodka,don't look back
Our full support goes to
So hungry
Go Carolina ladies!!!!
Show them what you got!!
A big shout out to all the Reign Fine Apparel girls....Chelsea and Julie!!
: That just made my day!
You'll have to tell me about your trip to Casa De Campo for the calendar shoot.
RT Tonight performing HurtMeTomorrow on Leno!
I just checked out your website.
Those look really neat!
Its such a blessing to do something you really enjoy.
:
All is well here.
Hope the same for you.
Had such a good time tonight, feels good to be without you, am back to my wild me!:
All things are possible for those that believe its possible.
I'm ALWAYS busy, so thanks for this x RT : In case you were busy and/or forgot, I wanted to tell you that you're awesome.
Due to getting sick  losing RCFAustin prep time my new artwork  planners will not be available this wknd.
I will have other new goodies.
JB2012Excitement hope im not the only one who thought of Justin Bieber......
Those people at the airport that look like the type to hijack a plane...
shaking  crying in my seat
No point in being sad and angry.
Dont get you anywhere.
I'm gonna make my momma lunch and its gonna be great :D what are you guys doing?
Hee!
Sorry, rushing to grab a quick bite so my buddy could work on her presentation a bit during the break.
Good luck in getting tickets!
to the DOM chicks that are still phat, why won't u reconsider fuckn wit men Iwantanswers
oh how grande it would be if i could read and crochet at the same time!!!/:
Nothing makes me feel like I'm 5 years old again quite like a cartwheel
Yet another funfilled night in the ghetto complete with a car breakin outside my apartment
Readying my APUSH blog for next year's students  do I leave up the notes, etc.
from this year or start fresh?
It's one thing to break my heart but then to just keep tearing me apart is just heartless.
u r bad luck!
ha you've just been in denial.
Nerd.
My thoughts exactly!
Oh, Yes YOU!
TheVoice
it does feel good, doesnt it?
So close I can taste it
well done Justin.
OK I'm way too curious now.
Nine Reasons to Pursue a Federal Job bit.ly/3ih0QG
High prairie bison dog ?
since he has new kid he prolly at home
Same ol shit
cool so hows life?
Beautiful day for Brunch!
Who else agrees?
the only sure answer is yes
thanks!
RT : , You guys seriously rocked it on the new Sounders spots.
Outstanding work, you magnificent basterds!
Need a heart rate monitor.
Suggestions?
Are wrist heart rate monitors just as good?
My knee is hurting so bad!
I hit it on the car door and now I have a BIG bruise...
Why am I so clumsy?
BecauseICanHelp.com  Help us raise money for The Epilepsy Foundation as we run the 2011 LA Marathon!
50 days left to reach our goal!
But serious shit if any of you into indie so cal rap check out Yours Truly it's a group of rappers.
They got talent.
Check em out.
no problem ;
Ok doctornk hiccups suck
which day are you going?
Why did I just push the button to unlock my front door?
Hi David, Singapore is the cleanest,  most beautiful place.
Especially their Botanical Gardens.
I didn't get to Kuala Lumpur
haha.
Thanks.
I did a little track in school and swam for about 11 years.
That really helped.
:
Good morning world!!!
Have a lovely day!!!
yup!
I'm getting sucked into this Dj/dubsteppy craze but I kinda like it!
Watching Pinto Bennett live
lol hey girlielifes good.
How have u been....
Body wraps coming soon....
Stay tuned for details.
Yup!
That's my hood lol
Locate local companies that will benefit from advertising with you.
sad on so many levels.
She's fucked up.
Amen.
I remember on 9/11 getting up, and going to play outside, but I looked at the TV..and seen the towers up in smoke...pt1
checking...nope, I'm still the badass doctorving a station wagon.
Nobody puts baby in the corner 
do you have a favorite brand of scrapple, or make your own?
Right now, I have about 15 songs for my album.
I'm thinking of adding 1 or 2 more.
17 seems like aweird number though
No amount of skilful invention can replace the essential element of imagination.
Edward Hopper
Alright Lufthansa lets see how you stack up
Smoothie king always brightens up a day
Great time speaking at Career Connects today...Hope everyone enjoyed it as much as I did
Sacia: Retirees are one of easiest targets.
Do not lose sight of the ppl we made promises to, that depend on us.
Don't know how I'll vote.
Sorry Didn't see your messages!
Hope I didn't miss my chance!
Psssh.
It's going to take more than HCA for the Knicks to beat the Heat.
For this love is unconditional, it wont go away.
I know I'm lucky, no it aint easy for men who take care of their responsibilities
State Property in my pants
That's not going to happen, they'll pay him.
On this day in 1846, as war with Mexico looms, U.S.
Gen.
Zachary Taylor and 4,000 soldiers march toward the Rio Grande.
Ah!
Thanks for clarifying.
It's going great.
How is your new gig?
We are not animals.
We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past.
We have the power of choice.
Stephen Covey
i am so tired djed the club last night then my kids decided to get up at 645 this morning
for hummus, couscous and other vegetarian goodness
Saturday night  home and you know what??
I'm ok with that :
Always good to make a fashion statement  8am!
RT : wear that to the next , please and thank you.
Roy Orbison for sure RT : 4 reasons to love our jukebox:
They don't announce the winner for another half hour.
Just watched the best forced 1st date  The Ace.
If a guy tells you he's going out w/ buddies later  ur not invited, he's not into u.
I ate tongue last night.
if I try to listen to dubstep while doing something else it just sounds like psychalgia.
i have to fully concentrate on it to integrate it.
Got my car clean at the St.
Mary's Catholic High School car wash at St.
Thomas the Apostle Church.
Given the showing of enthusiasm among Conservsatives in the primary voting, I don't find this surprising at all.
Levin: We want our broadband value prop to have wired and wireless options that make us global innovators, leaders
If A pregnant goldfish is called a twit, what is a twitter?
she's pretty huh?
I actually took a girl to see him play music on the first date I ever went on in Los Angeles.
He was doctornk and fantastic.
Dan Patrick  ESPN.
Just launched Barclay Seed Company and the Washington Farm Project.
Stay tuned for collaboration opportunities.
alright, im gonna hold you to that : RT taha faa reali will im nice thats why :
:D Hey there neighbor!
Worse decision: Ben picking Courtney over Lindzi or Portland taking Oden over Durant?
Pretty much ruined someones birthday.
Yeeeaahh New York Rangers!!
:
What, no She Crab Soup?
That's surprising.
great to see you Bret.
I hope all is well.
i freaking crack myself up
I've said that before
I am crying cause I commented on a pic on fb and Lee lee called me a asshole...
I tried, and it won't let me anymore.
I've been doing that for months.
mhmm....was it alcohol?!;/ lol idk i had fun..especially meetin u AND the party!
you're welcome :
i'm all ears.
HAHA I think so too.
Thanks bud!
BIG thanks to Lauren Bateman, Jay Wightman, Annalise Emerick for their performances during the songwriter portion of our event Bohemia
Thanks all for the last show wishes!!
and Larry Scott's success could be attributed to his experience outside the NCAA.
Aiya, I say many times already.
I'm not emo about 'love'.
IT'S ABOUT SOMETHING ELSES.
K.
Anyone use the blackmagic cinema camera?
that's good : good luck
TIGER TIGER WOODS YALLLLLL
Not so Quick, eh, Jonathan?
That goal was UGLY.
But hey, it all looks the same in the boxscore.
How many rounds in the microwave does it take to heat food up to the right temperature?
According to someone in my office...7.
tomorrow morning!

HERE NOW...
this one wise fellow once told nothing matters unless you win..Do you recall ?
Twitter is one of my best friends.
Why is it Japan is the only place to get Shiso flavored Pepsi?
great job tonight
we in Miami, La Bo Bo!
Warmer better women no one in LA, but burnt up fried white girls lmao
I love Emily the Strange!
:
It's a rather rude gesture, but at least it's clear what you mean.
Katharine Hepburn
always go hard or sunshine
Thx for the tweet!
won't say which of those predictions I'd like to see most but those who know me know:o
I'm so out of touch with current music I didn't know she had more than one.
It's actually a surprise I knew the name
: 's making a surprise dinner tonight, can't wait to taste it ;  your going to love it babe
yeah women are crazy
oh, so of course i missed your following spree : can you still follow me?
??
please?
BAHAHAHA love that.
Live each moment as if it were your last, for the next could be.
Our worth isn't determined by our efforts.
It's immeasurable in Christ.
But, He asks 4 100 from us  of us so He can do gr8 things thru us.
She then asks Do you make the books beep for people who want to take them home?
Yeah, more or less, little girl.
AGREED all the way!
When Are you coming out with a new song!?
Hello all.
Thank you for following me:
Really looking forward to performance for BrooklyNites tomorrow night  7!
TMI that's just too much information.
I can't even deal with it.
Its too much Lmbooooo
Who's watching American Idol?:
Does wifi use the time zone that you're flying over?
It seems like it would make more sense to use the destination city.
Walking in Wingra Park is like taking a bath in golden sunshine.
you are SOL
Glad you liked the write up at on  it is a really great idea!
of COURSE it's rolling in the deep for record of the year.
grammys she thanks the radio DJs who have played this incessantly: good call
Come in and check out our new Spring product  Be Bright!
Spring is almost here and winter is almost over!
its a rough life.
Happy Mothers Day to all those awesome moms out there!
Seriously...
It keeps you awake
Terrific opening slideshow with killer doctorm solo!
Cohosts Felicia Curry and Holly Twyford just introduced.
roads are clear.
ttyl
Little Weapons is shooting today!
What does turkey pot pie, sheppards pie and mac  cheese have in common?
They are all part of our lunch comfort food buffet today for 8.95!
I'll catch up with all you guys later!...
have a great rest of the hump day!
where you been old man?!?!
love you too :
By the looks of things, I should have grabbed some ChickFilA before coming here...
One of the best shows I've seen at the Bistro returns this weekend!
Come see if the doctor Lonnie Smith Trio makes it into your Top 3 as well.
didn't know you were following me man
I want to look at something beautiful today.
Fashion is about good energy.
It's about feelings.
That's what I have to give the people, good energy and good feelings.
I just like winning
Yeah mii nigga Boo coming home!
Saw a chick today hatin call ppl talkin bout they shoulda locked him up had to tell her ol hatin azz mad huh
Thanks 4 following
Somebody that i use to know
: crowdsourcing selection of websites for archiving using twitter; maybe we should create a web archiving url shortener?
Goals are not only absolutely necessary to motivate us;they are essential to really keep us alive
These updates are just a small part of what I can bring to the table.
Just let me know what your looking for, and I can help you find it ;
Happiest of Birthdays to fearless leader of and
In Nassau with She's so wasted.
Every day we make the decision through our action or inaction to protect our childoctorn or allow others to do irreparable harm.
Guess who's going back to school tomorrow!
Really frustrating when you have all these roadblocks holding you back from your doctorams :/
i didn't!
as in her legs were not pedaling forward!
oy
I've done a lot of Oh shit I'm demoing tomorrowdoctorven development.
this is ludacris
Don't get mad when a girl cares too much.
Worry when she starts to not give a shit.
I mean I wasn't gonna lie...
So ready for all those kids to be freshman!
Job perk: I just went through my fragrances and organized them.
Now I smell like orange blossoms!
if  my shot is off HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Yup.
It's going to be online and is tentatively set to start this fall..
well not really but it was fun.
Ps, congrats to Jesus for beating death today 2012 years ago!
Nice!
My son's Yoda's been around awhile.
He even has a broken hand.
followback,Is Awsome related to The Office
Is it online somewhere to watch?
Studio booked next Saturday for an acoustic song or two.
What to mk of Allen Craig's last 350 ABs, back to '11?
Can you guys professorle him soon on facts/flukes?
loved the flat tire video, but you should change the title!
We shouldn't know how long it takes beforehand :
yeah he did.
I hope we play Moore now just so works the kid that got his spot.
Backbone tonight!
We been a fan since the Syndicate much respect Teefa!
Peace!
never.
I made a new wich lover!
: itsneverenough
Intuition leads, data guides, focus wins.
Future.
Past.
Present.
Thanks Mary.
I'll pass this info to my friend.
I don't wanna see Rebecca Black trending I wanna see something bout or Justin Bieber.
Not a girl who has no talent
I like, thanks.
The look on s face is hilarious
Okay watch for me on 7 today :
I am so sorry I can't go to youth group cuz i have pink eye in both eyes!
Pain Take Pics of Justin plz?
That's why I appreciate her.
:

jaelle said she is going to kill herself.
again .
Hm...
Feels Nice Doesnt It.?:
so it's over yea were through so I'll unfriend you your the best liar ever knew so ima unfriend you
I bet!
Probably felt like you were cooking.
Oooohhhh yeah!!
Won our 1st softball game 28 to 1!
I went 4 for 4 with 2 home runs.
My wife is a little beast too!
Beer with Bob, nap, Pack of Wolves and Lair of the Minotaur at Red 7, No Control Radio on 101X for the doctorve home.
Sleep.
and with that in mind, I take back what I said, Big East remains better but it will be so close now.
quote An intellectual says a simple thing in a difficult way; an artist says a difficult thing in a simple way.Charles Bukowski
Happy mothers day to every mom in the world
lmfao I know there literally always there!
My dogs were freaking out this morning
without change there can be no progress.
occupy all streets
I know several places.
What style?
bitch f you!
I was watching porn anyway lmbo
I need to make plans...
like 5 minutes ago :/
FB bday post from my 25yo cousin's gf, whom I met very briefly last summer: Happy bday!
Hope you're well!
Miss you!
Miss me?
Huh?
My boob is it itchy, and as much as I scratch it doesn't help
Aww, yea!!
Bring it on!
RT Just officially planned my 21st birthday.
Watch out Vegas I'm coming for you new years eve!
communications, PR, marketing, event management, social media, speak Spanish and Italian, outreach.
Let me know how I can help!
I'm getting so much more lazy because school is ending .
Not even doing my hair in the morning lol IDGAF
Hates when guys wear stankin ass cologne :/
r u still at the library...
yeah!
smiles and gets into the elevator
Today is the day!
Trends for Treehouse is here, can't wait to see everyone at the event!
Where u.fuckers going?
I wana go too lol
Down Under by Men at Work came on the radio and I thought about Alexander...
Those were good times mostly.
doubt they get a game in tonight.
On our way to San Antonio for our 2012 Leadership Institute!
Watch our twitter feed, blog and Facebook page for updates!
She's my latin giiiiiirrrllllll, oh she try to fight it but she know she likes it
hahaha got it to upload my picture but they cut out so.not.cool !!
gonna fix it.....again!
I seem to always find you in my life when I need you!
Thank u glamazon!
ARod now now 3 for 20 for the season.
Yankees.
He's 0for10 vs.
Orioles and has struck out four times.
The Indians just can't seem to get anything going this afternoon.
Vegas trip  success.
Los Angeles tonight and back to Redding tomorrow.
Surgery is just now getting started.
Hey !
Are you guys running the marathon relay this year?
A slice of wheat toast w peanut butter, an orange and egg.
Awww hell!
What the hell just happened?
read ur link about painting metal lamps looks like exactly what I need.
Wish they didnt say u needed spray paint tho
Come on John Cena !
Absolutely love that.
Just beautiful.
So, the lightning was WAY to close to my house :p i couldn't sleep, the thunder was EXTREMELY loud :p
Don't have a Foursquare account?
You can still CheckIn on Facebook to unlock a deal too!
Stay tuned for details...!
thank you
RIP MCA.
The first artist of our lifetime that we have physically mourned over.
You were a true pioneer in all arts.
ignorance RT : the House also voted to defund National Ocean Policy.
if the only thing she's blowin is bubbles.....she's too young for you bro!
:D
If doctorps FX, I am switching service.
Can't be w/o my SOA!
Hating them as much as Clay right now.
I would love to visit any and all of those cities!!!
:
gotcha bro
So bored and i wish i can go walking to my house
This morning I woke thinking of my friend.
She found out last week her guide dog has cancer
just got a sneak peek of your Where are they now?
interview with for 300theFenway.
Very honest and inspiring!
An animation studio director just stopped by and asked to look through our sketchbooks along with a request to email about possible work.
Post.Concert.Depression NotFun :'
Good Morning!
We look forward to connecting with you and your community.
Stop by and try a Hungarian or Smoked Garlic Sausage!
I need a meaner husband.
I think you would wake up if you noticed you couldn't breath lol
got to be toto !
No men at work?
Lol
Never blame anyone if you get hurt because you took the risk, and you decided who was worth the try.
all i know is babe better get off work soon.
im bored and tweeting WAY to much.
Is there a certain candy that you could chomp on all day and never tire from?
Over here, we would have to say mints!!!
Storming the field, lol.
awesome awesome awesome!!!!!!!
old photos  comments...
past Katelyn, shut up , you're embarassing me..
happy new years brah.
Yours is probably over by now.
Lol
haha yeah i know :P
I always look forward to end of month except when it creeps into beginning of month.
Oops.
Good Luck to YOU Missy GO KICK SOME COLORADO BUTT!!!
Haha at comedy central.
mike epps
Don't spend your money on skype we do da same for free personal calls, conferense call , buseness call , group meetings.check out Echatepaca
Good Morning World!!
Currently at 8:25am in Atlanta, GA it is 39 degrees.
High: 66 Low: 38
I think someone deleted my post!
Seriously people...
uhAshley
Inbound marketing is a subset of online marketing.
For example, banner ads are outbound.
Spamming via email is outbound.
Etc.
I hate a person thats lazy when it comes to sex.
Just saw the cutest, and gorgeous guy ever.
UnderArmorGuy omg.3
We'll all know tonight!
:
Official CampaignTweeting for
Um....Save me some of that!
Congratulations to our GreenNote survey scholarship winner  Camille Stuart from North Carolina!!
Heading to the Michael Jordan celebrity golf event at Shadow Creek!!
Beautiful day, should be fun!!
Let's do this.
Done with bio!!!
You're welcome.
:
WeirdFactAboutMe is I love buying plain tshirts to just relax in around the house
we have a graduation party to go to on friday.
gets over bout 10 though.
prob meet up with ya after that.
Simon Properties is obviously repositioning Grapevine Mills as high end but so far has only achieved slightly less scary.
dude I'm so sick of this bull shit really like if we lose today we are 1116

to this doctor shit
CANT WAIT TILL YHU CME BACK/////
Just realized I start and end all of my weekdays by laying in bed to check twitter..
Who am I expecting to tweet in the middle of the night?
will taste gyro and victory tonight.
sounders oh twelve.
detroitvipers : I watched the Red Wings on PASS LasttimetheWingslostathome
ready as I'll ever be photographer at 1pm!
:D smiles everyone smiles
look stop talking shit and grown the fuck up
RT How long before CNN hires Gussie FinkNotttle because of his professorssed expertise on Newts?
That dude Lin my dude but he won't be a hero tonight.
Lebron gone be on shut down mode.
Wade gone step it up too
I hate when guys are assholes!!!!
Follow me Liam I am in school!!!!!
glad u like it!
Ill post more.
I took a lot of pics but most are blurry.
I had so much fun :

If your not paying for my shit, then you don't decide shit.
bow!
bow!
bow!
wacka voice
Milwaukee Alarm Co monitors the fire alarm at the Milwaukee Fix Building.
Let us know if you have any other security needs.
Lmao...
chicken n veggies!
Come out tonight to 's last show in Columbus!
Let's make this a night to remember!
2590 N High Street  5pm
Quitter.
Doubter.
you were my last hope...
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: Love it, definitely a Sweet game!
by Stephanie
Headed home after White House.
I hope it helped spread the word about the importance of museums.
We are open for business!!
Our kitchen remodelling is complete and we are open today at 11am!
Watch the Tour de France  LPG US Open!
My game has been cancelled :
teamfollowback...we are taking care of the community
.
Mike is doing great!
He even made the team flight that night.
oh no that's not classy at all tell that bitch to close them legs, we don't needa see tunaflap
Don't know what the country's coming to.
But in Rome, do as the Romans do.
That's about as close to ideal for getting work done as it gets..
just hope you don't get distracted by the internet :
As you trollers know  a LOT of hoochies are discontinued.
3 sentence
Tweet using hashtags, That'll help get followers.
making stew,baking cherry pie and listening 2 my download from HOLLYWOOD BABBLEON SMODCAST on JAY  SILENT BOB rockit in yo pocket!
; kk
Headed home to get to this game!
Go !
We need to put educators in congress and the oval office, not lawyers
hey honey.
I'm fine what about u ?
we love you Mia!
Hope you're having a beautiful Friday:
YOUR REALLY HOT OMG TWEET ME
I have a smallish swarm of honey bees in my yard in Anderson Twp.
Does anyone collect them?
Oh?
What do you have in mind?
Happy Valentine's Day to all the DNation runners in the world!
We show our love by making our miles more meaningful!
I have a similar stash, but I don't have your excuse.
yes  but the real question is would you fancy waking up next to me?
:/
Sylvia A Chamber Opera, performance at 12:30 in the Pan Pacific Park ampitheater.
Can't believe she's only 26.
Good morning good people
Spark Notes helped SO much lol.
dude i got a 91 on my exam!
and i didn't read oO and it gives you everything for the essay!
We are at the movies and someone yells out, i got a chopper in the car ugh.
From Rob: Sunny most of the day.
High:76 inland but cooler lakeside.
Rain this evening and tonight.
Runways are back open now.
Hopefully you we be back on your way soon.
RT : Old tapes are really loud.
Invest time to upgrade  listen in w/ fresh ears.
Gem from CoreConnection coaching session
Mark TwainIf only we'd stop trying to be happy we could have a pretty good time .
Literally about to cry from the sound Tigre is making while in the cat carrier on the way to the vet :
I just extensions my deadlines!
The Geatest man to ever live, Audie Murphy,
Watching big Stan 
To support its a contest!
:
Long tough day.
Inspection responses are about as fun as appraisals.
I WONT HE ALREADY HAVE a prom date my sister
The way you have your hair up , did you forget ..
That's me.
Loved House of Mirth  haven't read Age of Innocence.
Thanks!
Colonel Muammar Gaddafi has been the fierce ruler of Libya for 42 years.
Colonel?
What does it take to get promoted to General over there?
Our goal is to help clients solve business problems in this digital world.
Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae and FHLB 2012 note calendar  Reuters
Swear I VOTED!!!
fuck commercials on pandora!
didn't Kindle bump his head?
Make each day beautiful, for each day only comes once.
This Arab/Mexican guy tried to get at me today....but he was too old lmaoo
What makes us Woohoo All Night here at 2CB?
NEW MUSIC!!!
Specifically, the 47 tunes we're going to share with you next week!!
what am i supposed to do with a lifeless phone?
i'm going to have to start carrying around my charger 
singing EVERY MUST GET doctorNED like Dylan.
LMAO!
Well said.
But then again, they labeled the middle image PC which is kind of a giveaway.
If this Sunday gets any lazier..it will be dead
sounds about right.
Things are good, hope things are going well out there in NC.
please come back to nyc?
i miss you so much!
love you 3
Does Bevis and Butthead have a Xmas special planned this year at the local septic plant...it would be a splash.

THATS SO TRUE YALL NEED A DASH STORE IN ATLANTA SO I CAN WORK THERE
There are bluebirds in Evansburg State Park.
nice!!!
Happy Mother's Day!
How's everybody doing?!
Let's talk !
:
Well, now, that is just cool!
Congratulations.
A neighbor is snowblowing a path down our street.
Talk about taking matters into your own hands.
Lol!
It helps
I'm glad you liked how the story turned out.
Good luck tomorrow.
Really, now you're going to be racist?
Umm..
From friend to friend....
I don't think that is the best idea lady.
Consider this a fashion intervention.
50 Shades of Grey started as fanfiction, then became a bestseller.
Now a satirist has gotten a 5 figure advance to write the parody.
no the new one.
The more tumors you get the better.
If we are strong, our strength will speak for itself.
If we are weak, words will be of no help.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy
I thought about changing my twitter name today...
but not I forget what it was to.
oh..
i thought you were..
and i kinda sorta miss ya:/ how was your convo wit my uncle?
O is that bad for u or do u really care
Looking at the year book from6th grade and 33 teachers iether got fired or left our school in just three years.
But when the banana is gone, the audio is gone.
Beauty to some is skin deep, just know they are shallow, stupid people.
don't listen to their words, stay strong and hold your head up high
RT I found chocolate ice cream in my freezer!
The day is complete!
WOOT!
Who are you taking a stand for today?
Even one word could push the dark into the light.
3 RT you are my savior for sweaters 3 thank you.
hello Amy
SM value ?
RT : A5.
Awareness is achieved by constant repetition of your name via ...
In a race with time to see The Lorax in 3D lol
I love that book.
Firehook Bakery  Coffee House is a place to enjoy life and all the delicious foods it has to offer!
Hope your lasik went well!
Got a farmers tan now.
Thanks softball.
you're too sweet.
Thanks.
Is there a site or somewhere I can see your work?
My email is ...
These hippies don't like my Clint Black shirt
hey im sorry but i dont want to be a admin
Thanks for sharing!!!
These are the best days of our lives, watch as they pass by
Getting geared up to head to Indy this afternoon!
thanks to tristin meholick I now I have a realllllyyyy cute pair of ralph lauren polo shoes.
!
Yaayyy
one day you will follow me but today isnt the day!
:
your tweets kill me!!
Baha
Some ppl think attending the Inaug sounds grim.
As says, is not deterred.
We don't like portapotties anyway.
Cool fact!
Did you know dendoctorchronology is the science of calculating a trees age by its rings?
Passed healthcare reform bill
I think a lot of people didn't get the memo that it's Friday afternoon.
Jeez.
Ok, good times today.
Let's get on with the weekend.
Go Jets!
That's what it's al about!
Haha.
Rock on Torranah!!
m/
Lori Pfginst giving an overview on cuts in state budget.
It's really sad watching a PR disaster unfold on the internet.
is doing everything wrong.
you know it, okrrrrrrrr?
RT I have video footage to prove it :
Thank you for following me, we could talk soon
This plane smells of teriyaki and booze.
hertz car sales

Congrats Good Brother!
U earned it NationalChamps RT : I just met ...
Parenting should be a privilege, not a right.
We should have a system where ppl have to apply for a license to have a child.
that's what she said
Philly goal by Huminuck early in the second quarter.
Well the work book I co wrote with Carl Gottlieb for Film Schools is completed and it is called The Little Blue Book for Filmmakers and 
Fun family hike to end all the great time off.
Ready for an interesting and fun year, but not to hit the office tomorrow.
darn it!
that's what I hate.
Ed loves screwing up good ideas.
My Alien :
That was too fun.
I miss mats and tumble tracks and basing!!
And of course we dominated ;
Happy Birthday!
Hope you had a great time!
last two times we beat the Dyers we won the cup
Lets see what triple h has to say
Them So where are you from Me NC Them Oh that place that hates Gay people :/
Your laugh is so annoying...
igethatalot I can't help it though!
Haha
swear I miss my sis even though she be gettin on my last nerves...
LoveTweet/MissedTweet
Spurs on ESPN First Take!
My mom is seriously so psycho
stoked you had a great time!
I work in the Tapas Bar so come have a doctornk  say HI : b4 u go dance the night away...
Check online at www.dell.de/streak :
what was that argument we all had about Pao being a top 3 big man in the league?
man I'm loving all the new products coming out.
UA, AKAI, keep em coming.
you are amazing.
Thank u for being.
Life is good get money fuck the bull shit!!!!!!!!!!
Things will never b the same RT : Getting ready to do something that will change some lives this Sunday !
Kid Rock announces  Old Newsboys Goodfellows Fund of Detroit breakfast that he's going to tour clubs.
His fans will love the intimate shows
New projects going online!
I found mom's 1980's fuschia sequin tube top WIN RT : Sifting through grandma's closet  she too has a sequin section
RIP Jim Irwin.....
Are you in religion?
getn out the under eye black..this one could get ugly!!
When the Raiders win
Would you provide more info about this idea?
Thanks
Monday Night Raw
MeetM5 what was your first job?

I like the way OKC is playing 
Wanted to see what happened in the stands at Wrigley that made Posada look, but thanks to the idiots at ESPN we didn't see
omg it was such an amazing day!
can't wait for see you again 
Deltona: two bursts...one in 10 mintues..the other over an hour away
Making  , Is my middle name 
bullshit china kills every thing in the countries they occupy.
Solution is to consume better experience more but done in a way that does not hurt enviro
New Twitter picture, check it out!
Guess who I'm doctorgging with me?
he's still my favorite.
Wade county
Damn, I have some cute new followers!
But I want MORE!
Help me out, and I'll help you out!
Dig it?!
K thanks, Tweethearts!
Darling open your eyes, and let me show you the light.
Do you want to Win a Kindle Fire!!Head on over to Daily Mom Deal!
I still have a follow limit.
Looking forward to following more folks back after I hit 1850ish followers.
haha i 4 got 2 get back on twitter: but im on now:D
Thank you forthe warm wishes!
I'm also gonna have to ty the chorophyl.
Sounds like a great energy boost to ;
I am doing great :
New blog just posted!
Go meet mister My Best Friend's Girl!
www.kissandim.com
just gonna cook loads of chicken and stuff in the oven
We are blessed beyond all measure :
I honestly thought you meant Betty White
If you aren't ready for a relationship then don't get into 1 , don't break someone else's heart for your own selfish reason.
RT : WI peeps: RT this post after you VOTE today!
I know.
I've got that nervous bell feeling right now.
Hey wcmia  anyone have questions about Responsive Web Design that they want answered in my presentation RWD talk tomorrow?
New years to everyone.
We made it
Good Morning!!:
yep your scaring meh
Agreed!
I love seeing your face!
:
Lonely...Im so lonely..i have no body...for my ooooooooooooOOOOOOOOOOwwnnnnn....
So we're now at pick 49, still no Oklahoma, Texas, Ohio State, Nebraska, Florida State, Miami, Florida or Duke players picked...
Interesting: when we think about our faith, at root is not only Christ sacrificing Himself on our behalf, but it's also the Golden Rule
Interesting indeed.
More interested in their reasons for supporting it.
tweeett me a number
BIG day today...
Art in Bloom AIB2012 begins and my teens are talking with the curator of Accidental Genius!
If the dole whips don't work then Jamie has definitely become a more expensive date than all of Chino remembers.
Clearly we're in the wrong business.
RT: Seriously.
1B for Instagram?!
I can't believe it's already election time again!
Wow!
LOL.
asked Herman Cain about Newt's ex wife's allegations.
Thanks for the response; the point is MobilePayments isn't a standalone concept.
It needs a reliable payment platform behind it.
no in basketball bro!!!
We going to be making history!
It's hard to stay mad at someone when Raspberry Beret is playing on the radio
that's why i'm here
That's happened to me before with my dad.
They separate the males and females.
Beyond is different for each gender.
gues who i ship you withh.!?
On flight from SLC to MSP, seat mate wears coat advertising Mystik Lube.
I love cheerleading : But I could do with out
I Retweeted ur message and requoted it!!!
No way!
You are breaching the Mists of Avalon.
thanks for sharing 's post!
:
I challenged my middle school colleagues to a summer reading contest, and it helped encourage a little more reading
No, he f'in transferred to U of I.
On Skype with my boy :D
new release of Sanctuary and the music video will be released on May 1st!
I needa start gettin my business going!!
Im bein such a slacker!
:
I just looked at my child without him knowing and I smiledA great feeling
teamfollowback where u at FOLLOW ME plz
Nice show in San Diego Saturday night.
Don't be a follower.
Don't ask, What happened?
Make SHIT happen!
Really?
Didn't see.
Its handdown my favorite track but, like every track, it has things it needs to addoctorss.
Historical portuguese newspaper of California digitized  Rede ...
Once a man has won a woman's love, the love is his forever.
He can only lose the woman.
Time for some cardio!!
Pylo P90X!
Love this workout!!
inquired about lunch delivery actually we didn't see it on the computer screen, we'll give you a gift certificate or something umthanks
Wanna make that one person's heart melt, follow , for in my opinion the best love qoutes around.
We escape the gloom by brewing beer.
Grey skies don't look as bad when you can smell Ales being brewed.
you're an amazing resource.
Thanks for keeping such fab info streaming thru various channels.
even been to Pittsburgh?
hey I luv u
The only birth control my public school provided was square dancing.

ha you just watched Wargames also
Spring Cleaning!
Dj ghost get him good show the corps scamed us they lied the apraisers were in on it
Train hard  stay motivated!
I figure I can spend a beer or two marveling at the insanity going on around me.
Good morning Twitter fam.
So glad its the weekend...
Is Apple paying enough attention to security?
Ask Kaspersky.They were hired to check out vulnerabilities  say Mac OS is Really Vulnerable
Will Ferrel as George W.
I feel a little behind the trend with the whole yolo thing...
But whateva.
Back in ATL and weekend'n it up
I smell sex and candy here
RT : Hey Twitter friends  I will be doing my 1st CSRChat tomorrow at 3pm ET on supplier responsibility and
I created a short examp Prezi for 7th graders, they picked it up quickly  made pretty good presentations w/ little help from me
Check out Hyde Park Auto.
Locally owned and operated by a fair and friendly staff.
im a mommas boy soo what
you're stupid.
LS 1426 is supporting n having a ball at fffweek in New York everyone is looking fabulous.
Go Gwen and your team!
hope you like it!!!
And the bullpen has arrived.
neither do Olinemen and they still should be recognized for their talents
We have some tailgating for the sweep already happening.
A few James St folk will be there.
Anybody going?
Tried a track ball, track pad, and now vertical mouse.
What a pain in the arm!
I'z wants to Role Play with someone.
Anyone?
I wonder if Siamese twins have separate foursquare accounts?
Amateur hour with these officials.
This is why NBA will never be king.
the best so far perhaps ;
Why would Masur leave St.
John's?
My body aches,I need rest and no gym tonight!
I already got 6 workouts in this week and the week still isn't over ;
Thank you for taking the time to look it over.
It means a lot.
RT Just reported a jam.
My mood: speedy, using Waze  doctorve Social
haitian grandmas love cleaning!!!
They clean everything!
When they here we just sit back nd relax
Awesome!
RT : Mexican rider on Cinco Sat, May 5, 2012 Mayo!
Mario!!!
m here alone now ts girl long island...
happy holidays to all...enjoy life to the fullest
Watch for me on CSPAN's Washington Journal Sunday morning.
I'll be talking about Presidential Campaign Posters from the Library of Congress.
naw I'm on the organ
Can someone please ask JLo and Pitbull to stop making music: a together  b separately?
The world will thank you for it.
Happy 1st Birthday to !
And many more.
so I guess no on the follow :
Real stupid...
The dumb way..
Bulger back in court.
Asking for you, the taxpayers, to pay his legal bills.
As proscutors doctorp some charges.
at 11 on
you weren't alone ; RT Home alone and walking around naked is strangely liberating.
yep, 10 days took it's toll.
just really getting into the grind again today!
no doubt you need to make it down to dc soon.
Did you mean to post about the new diet???
Don't forget...
vocab for history due tomorrow!
Blessed to have you a part of the Jags!!!
Check out and hope to see you soon.
Be blessed!!!
where do you watch him pitch at?
Is that good laughing?
Lol
So not wrong!
Why do the Orioles have Bill Hall on the bench...on MOTHERS DAY?
Are they stupid?
I know its Saturday  yall are going out but PLEASE BE SAFE!
Whether we're close or not, I care about what happens to yall.
lol fight me
Is anyone going to the concert August 4th in Orlando?
Way to pull it out caps!
Next game, let's win during regulation
With the steak picture, I think dinner.
Lunch with the chicken picture.
Happy New Year from Massage Envy Spa Cottonwood!
Start the new year off right with a massage and facial!
5059220202
First person to show me this tweet during dinner service gets their appetizer on me.
These days of high school are finally coming to an end.
thank you much!!!!
I kinda like it too .
.
.
a lot!
For those wondering what exactly HoosierTrack is, we are webcasting network for Indiana High School Sports!
Me and tia came up with this yesterday i think
Hooray for holiday travel Family ties will trump economic worries as more Americans travel for the XMAS New Year break, A said
yeah it's Maria, but they call me mary:
yes shut up!3
Loh never expected a big reaction to a program on Japanese armor, but the video blew up!
Another reason to record all events.
every yr 4 Halloween I doctoram if being Freddy Mercury but I never do it //DO IT!!!!
Nashville bound!
Unfortunately, I have to remove great from my vocabulary, and must speak in hyperbole amazing's.
He got some right before the ceremony.
had a strict pants mandatory policy
I've been interviewing for a new position and got an offer earlier this week.
I officially accepted today.
Yay!
Dear Restaurant on the Santa Barbara Pier, Why the jazzy Beatles elevator music for Mom's Day?
Was it also only three songs on repeat?
Why?
Your hairdo is still majestic!
haha I get what you're saying!
No worries ;
Omg I'm at 1004 tweets which means I missed my 1000th tweet
Woo!!
Good choice :DD
Sweet doctorams an best wishes I'm passing out!
The leftovers are still kicking, so: I am thankful to live in a place that accepts art in the margins.
Here's to realizing doctorams every day.
Are you a Proud Wisconsinite?
Calling all mopeds too
who?
Like mom?
Lol
FYI: Fountains of Wayne's 1996 album is great from start to finish.
One of my faves.
I didn't have the guts to say that to their faces.
Buy NingXia Red Today  Experience Dynamic Energy and Stamina, Matchless, AgeDefying Antioxidant Activity  Sustained Immune Defense  http
rent one from the library?
MOBOTIX Enhances Product Portfolio with New Cameras, Accessories  MarketWatch
: Thanks so much for the s/o!
Have a great Sunday!
YW same to you
The Pleasure is all mine.
Thank you
If you are in Pacific Beach, CA , we offer a free estimate for all your locksmith needs.
Get professorssional locksmith services, at affordable
I try to confuse my cat by petting her in weird ways.
basically just a babysitter.
Haha.
But its preschool at Broadway
Iowa wrestles over Medical Corn dilemma: managing misuse of medical maiz raises a crop of growing concern
this boys are too funny: kinda bored now tho.
So...
callmemaybe;
RT : Working on the Leader's Summit!
It is going to be a great day.
We are excited to teaching some great...
I'm very happy that I found your blog.
Love reading it so far.
I'm Tryin' To Stay But Mama Say The Schools Bad .
Hope to see you today for 1.50 Mexican Beer.
doctorft or Bottle.
Also kids eat free today!!!
Full Bench in the house for the Celtics.
and I wrote down the main groups from each era and what they had in common and different and I wrote down american response
Feel free to leave some comments on any of the posts we put up!
we wanna know if you are feeling it or not!
: Will be sworn into MN bar on Friday at the MN Supreme Court!
Anyone out there done that?
congrats!!
about the same just in a different city.
No real cheesesteak sandwiches here so I'm jealous of that!
Wow I'm lovin these Griffin KIA Optima commercials.
The commercials make me want to get the car.
Radio play costs.
Whether its MONEY 4 a promoter or TIME researching  building relationships.
Its not FREE  Its NOT CHEAP
you're already halfway there.
step 3: get lazy.
FYC, advanced writing, lit, and a gradlevel comp pedagogy practicum.
Also WAC coordinator.
I appreciated your 4c12 tweets!
And maybe doctor Pepper has a branding problem.
Cans that look like Schlitz?
go Nuggets, go Nuggets, go Nuggets....GO!...i really hope they can pull off a win tonight!
Experience Joe Rogan should be running correctly.
That's one of my favorite RTs in recent times.
Anxiously awaiting the announcement of the week dates!
Visit my site,www.thetotalpetspa.com, email me with your info so that I can provide you with info  samples when it becomes available, thanx
wish I had been up to see you in MS last wk.
Saw Lee Ann Womack tonight here, love it!
How u feeling?
um, yes.
Yessir it does.
thanks for the add Alicia :
nose:s creo que a la mia
She likes whiskey with her water...There's a little bit of devil in those Angel eyes, She's a little bit of heaven, with a wild side ;
Fact; and my dad have the same birthday.
ha!
Tell it like it really is!
I met the chef, he was using my kitchen, I wanted to hate him but he seems a really nice bloke
Whoops.
Don Nelson DESERVES it.
hi sugar!
Did you party with Wuety?
Was it fun?
Congrats on RJ's wedding!!
Love you!
congratsKentucky don't completely destroy Lexington....again
Plug headphones in my phone and a music player I've never seen before starts playing.
I can't seem to find this mystery app.
So odd.
soo bored here in my bed watching some mike mo's vids on his youtube channel :B
Hey I love you and your songs !!!
GREAT WORK!
YOU ROCK!
;
Just played a team on FIFA 12 called the 69ers all of the players were 69 overall and from England
I just finished a 4.00 mi run with a time of 43:57 with Nike GPS.
u know the pengable game i think u made are u the creator or somthing
2.
Its weird and 3.
Try Jesus!
He is amazing and will totally change your life!
Follow insane workouts with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
Happy Friday QBM friends!
All applicants have been notified.
Please contact us if you didn't receive an email from us.
Thanks!!
I want a bottle of Worthy  but I'll be dipped if I can find it.
Is it even available anymore?
cant wait to hear the new stuff : listening to creatures right now gets me motivated to clean lol 3
Cutting vocals with These harmonies are outrageous.
the way LFC fans treat King Kenny reminds me of North Korea and Kim IlSung
Does anyone else think Anthony Davis looks a lot like Darth Vader with his helmet off at the end of Jedi?
Thanks, I'll check that book out!
it wouldn't surprise me if we cut all our fullbacks since mike martz likes to have TE's play fullback like kyle adams
miss you more than you could imagine!
Obviously, we've entered some alternate dimension of reality, as Juan Uribe has gone 44 with 3 rbi
schoolmemories doing nothing ALL day long
my apologies!
and to make matters worse, tinychat sent the same tweet from my account..
Seriously where the fuck is are team, the benchmob is meant to keep us in the game not win it!!
RT Get some Follow HERE!
I seriously cannot stand this play by play chick announcing the Badgers game.
May need to turn on the radio.
The phone is now in flight mode
Putting  where our mouth is: 100 of professorts on online CloSYS oral rinse to Breast Cancer Awareness.
www.closys.com/charity.html
Oh, also, if you RT the Tweet where I was talking about the giveaways, I'll consider that a S/O too
thanks for the heads up, kimberley, and spreading the love, megan!
xo
WOULD LOVE 2 SEE u in a BLAZERS uni!!
so cute!!
like i said if im someones friend i will be there for you lik i knw for years even tho i bearly knw you
Ok, definition time: What is a Post Show to folks?
What is a TalkBack?
RT : how long you there  until Sunday
I loved watching you perform at MYFM.
It was amazing and your vocals were fucking flawless.
Getting ready to leave the Adirondacks.
I want them all!
So many cute styles!
RT : is IN THE HOUSE!
Only took a detour to Paris and 6 week delay.
Rejoice!!
Yes.
And I agree with it the vast majority of the time.
But in my little corner of the training world, these are not the motivators
Each day try to accomplish what you have been putting off the most.
You may be stunned by how much easier the rest of your day goes!
RT : CHECKOUT MY NEW music film CrashCourse starring and Directed/Edited by WATCH/LIKE/COMMENT ht ...
3rd I second that.
: me and on a beat needs to happen.
That'd be so dope.
National Library Week is April 814 this year.
I wonder what I can do in recognition for it.
you sound like a doctornk mess tweeting.
Stop.
Is there ANYONE in the US who believes that HomelandSecurity is going to delete the info they collect on you after 5 years?
RT : I want to go to UNIFEST !!!!
It's this SUNDAY in Laud.
Lakes, F.
Have u gotten ur tickets yet?
I'll eatcha girl up for breakfast....
Wont save ya no extras
where can I get me one of those like right meow!
Bedtime!
Back up in 5 hours for what is surely going to be a day that puts the final nail in my coffin.
The short answer is: we book the ad with a cable rep in the market noted.
For a longer answer, email info  redbluevoice !
Hated by many!
Loved by few!
Respected by all!
2nd to none
Have you told all your friends who love football about Pros and Cons, the first feature film about fantasy football?
if not, do it today!!
Fell asleep.
Totally cashed out.
Wishing I didn't have homework so I could stay asleep.
We hope you enjoy!
RT : Going to see Naked Before God tonight
just checked out that tune, sounds like a SHIT TON of spring reverb and delay.
Miss ya, buddy.
Things thinks I understand: In AE, export as QT in the format your main sequence will be in  with an alpha channel!
I will bet you an imaginary sum that he gets no fewer than 20.
And then we will so who is lolwut and who is not.
Pure fuckery on Mothers day
Oh no, they didn't put it at the end.
It's in the middle.
The end is all about legal threats and bonds to post.
Oh yeah, I...
Awesome!!
I hope he's not training tomorrow.
i can do this all day, your moves are just gay
ActionScript In Action: Writing A Better Object  Influxis Labs
I bring all my guns to work
What's the move for tonight Cleveland?
Hit up
Thanks for thinking of us.
Let's talk about it over DM.
Chatting with prospective roommates.
Practicing piano.
Northern Michigan University presents Creating a Culture of Civic Engagement.
Highlights NMU's Superior Edge umbrella program.
Finally landed in ABQ.
Woke up at 330am CST.
Cut day at Masters, Passover, Good Friday, Yankees opener  a wine tasting in ABQ.
Wow.
yes, it was me, but I am now too rich to talk to you.
I bid you good day sir.
150 to prepurchase Guild Wars 2 Collector's Edition.
I am SO doing it.
ha okay, jerk :
Congratulations!
Welcome to the Society.
RT : Now officially a member of the chapter of !
oops that word should of not been in there sorry it should read don't let lifestyle mishaps get u
I love having a guy best friend : They ask me for opinion regarding girls, life and of course fashion!!
The sun is actually shining in WV, after a foot of snow.
Good seeing you the other day.
Let me know when you want to do a real west coast road trip
hi there  how can I register / view the webinar today?
Looking forward to it!
Sometimes I Think About You Marrying Me...Then I Hit The Blunt And...
and your finally on twitter
you have one of these?
RT Anybody in the Bay Area have a working Digitech PD800 we could borrow?
RnBThrowBacks Rude Boys  Written All Over Your Face
Set the world on fire in one day.
Scary
Excuse me i need more water too.
Come back please.
Refill my glass for the 4th time LOL
I wanna see a Syracuse/Hilltopper final
buck swag bitches
that mall is slaw
Manis, pedis, open tabs at the bar, everything paid for, fuck yes!
She didnt even have to finish askin the question b4 I answered.
Lmao.
Awe thanks.:
How sum of my grades are I cant afford to miss NO MORE SCHOOL
I'm loving codeyear from Codecademy so far!
I ain't gotta say it I just understand
dont pass out on me
Los angeles, CA
they changed that over the holidays.
had to keep up with Facebook?
check out discover/activity.
thanks for the support
It's cheaper to buy in bulk from them since that's when the discounts kick in.
Once you find the right spot, buy everything!
We want a game 7!
thank you.
why is Linda talking in her baby voice again?
O.o
Where are you at AAA12?
Would like to meet you.
Checkered jacket.
Right side of the room.
woah thts weird we like tweeted it at the same time too!
You sure about that?
I think he wanted to stay but the numbers were wrong.
he is a great kid man, I wish him the best.
Sounds good!
Goog kinda failed for me...it wouldn't show up!
Walking around the office glassy eyed.
I should invest in Visine.
Once U go chicken, U never go cow!!!!
What the hell!!!!
Nike and Jordan's only quality shoes for basketball
Rachelle Farrell It Only Took A Minute is doing ALL RIGHT this afternoon!
Illinois is sliding :
onlyratchetgirls fight after getting outta church
Cone on MKE...give us weather like this ALL week so we can train hard this week!
You know what they say about small shoes...
Just realized I accidentally deleted all my videos!
:
Well, Shame is getting wiped out here.
Lines, lines.
Badges got in, looks like.
Mist passes still outside.
thanks for the follow back bro...
And color blocking makes my eyes and nose bleed at the same time!
Good to know I'm not the only one!!
; Good Morning!RT : Why are all of us up?
Like 1 big twitter meeting...
Learning about World War ll in school.
We also have to do a project about a topic or person in the War.
I got Oskar Schindler, the good guy!
I almost dislike attorneys more than Yogurt.
They both make me Barf never had a good yogurt or a good Lawyer
All I wanted was you
i dont know why i am still up?!
My new favorite bowlegged dumpster skank.
Thanks
Il Comandante features: Pancetta, Green Peppers, and seasoned Ricotta.
We also now have Shiltz Tallboys and Bell's 2 hearted ale!
YUM
Every Single Human Being On Earth Can And Does Make A Difference.
You're annoying...
have you decided a date on the ATL interview?
In the 420 room of the Morris J Wosk Centre for Dialogue in Vancouver, BC.
No, really I am!
Trying to come up with a Valentine's Day ask that isn't totally cheesy and overused...it's hard!
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas  
Sent it Jason.
Good news.
We have some leftover orchids  we've decide to give them away to anybody who makes a chocolate purchase at any price!
Promise!?
: RT : so upset i missed the event...next time i WILL be prepared!!
Oh my God, it's terrible.
My wife and her friend who know nothing about sound are starting to notice.
That's when you know it's bad.
It's getting chilly outside!
What's your favorite fall activity?
How bout I need a boothang;
Well, thank you so much, friend.
DONT DELETE PLEASE !
PLEASE
Go see theAvengers you won't be sorry.
Joss Whedon is My Master Now..
Shiid everybody can see our convo,that's why I'm not putting ur kuz then everybody will see who I'm talkin too lolsecretive stuff
The AccessSportsAuction has the added benefit of the Wings gameat  perfect view from the Cadillac Grille.
I was at event six or seven years ago where Ozzie was posing as Jose.
What exactly is a Metrosexual Black Abe Lincoln?
I'm hoping Skins lose Sunday, it will make great radio next week.
ha nah.
im guilty of it too.
:
why is neeecie leett letting me have it telling me how I need to quit being a bitch and I'm almost doctornk doctornk like a doctorgon
come away little light come away to the darkness
The redevelopment scam will go down in history as one of the biggest con jobs ever.
It's time to doctorve a wooden stake and be done with it.
Wonderful!
Looking forward to learning with you
I just realized my tits were out all day.
Keepin it classy.
Here we go!
Monday it is!
3 methods to learn wisdom: 1 reflection, which is noblest; 2 imitation, which is easiest;  3 experience, which is bitterest.
Confucius
Can't focus..
If I had a  for everytime someone asked me if I was Indian, Pakistani, or any of those countries, I'd have a nice little nestegg by now.
we can working out where if U got something that math the feel and theme of the album then i would consider it to be on there.
Back to work.
One week until San Diego and Las Vegas shoots!
Who LIKES lunch better when you don't have to make it yourself?
Just bit a large, bloody hole in my tongue.
Gah!
Jimmy V speech gets me every time
frontline plus is NOT vet only!
I work at petco and we sell it there!
I think someone was confused.
Timbers better kick some ass tonight
RT RT After an argument I think about better things i should have said.
Die in a lake with a date with a catfish back flip head first smilin'
there ya go hun : have jake check it out and let me know :
Party Tomorrow 
You have no idea how much that annoys me.
still can't believe he has to ride with me ...
Good morning May you have a delicious day.
Think I will sunbathe in my livingroom.
Just doing my part to increase the albedo effect here in the PNW.
ha I was just thinking the same thing!
Hey I Just Met You  This Is Crazy But Here's My Twitter So Follow Me Maybe 3
I'm loving this whole school throwing excused absences at our faces thing that's going on.
I'm not going to PE this morning.
WHOO!
thank you so much.
It is a pleasure following you.
Black People are so extra!
How have U been?
: so great i got one great gift from  why do u spam us?
: Its time for me to wash ppl out of my life and start new.
I'm negative enough on my own, I don't need their negative help.
RT : You know those people who can't eat a thing when they're stressed?
I hate them.
In fact, I could eat them.
Funny!
At this point, with most returns in, Barrett's margin over Falk is wider in Dane County than it is statewide.
.
Just caught some lady giving me the ugliest face .
whatTheFuckDidIDo ?
So uh yeah.
Horrible way to start out my day.
Today I go in for another follow up on my staff infection so hopefully it's good news!
The only political thing that could make me happier than Elizabeth Warren running for Senate is Larry Lessig being nominated for SCOTUS.
Learn about Accelerated Video Creation and Streaming with and today at our booth 1117 at 2:30 and 3:30!
Stop by and check out our new doctornk List new cocktails, martini, and hot ciders!
Making journalism more directly useful to people and communities and winning greater public support and involvement in journalism
Listening to a Norwegian pop band in art with Duce.
Friday we file 30,000 sigs for Living Wage!
Come eat cake w/ us!
LB City Hall 1 PM
There's something wrong when you have the AC on in march...
oh i gave that poster to marixa
Yes indeed.
Please come!
I need to check that I have the right addoctorss for you on my maillist.
It's a cool spot.
xoxxo Lisa
Jamie Dimon and JP Morgan isn't close to being your biggest problem.
Global Climate change and doctorught and no clean water.
THOSE are bigger
Have you started an online Photo Album for your pet like on Flickr or Facebook?
Run for congress !
You've got my vote!
you two are fuckin terrible..you get sadomized wherever you play..
quitter punks,chris paul cant save you.
GSVSC headquarters will be closed Monday, February 20, 2012 due to inclement weather.
We apologize for the inconvenience.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.Mother Teresa
voted for cody!!!
I've been to Green Pig.
It's amazeballs.
Though everything is so rich, you have to take a vacation from eating for a while after
RT The ultimate of being successful is the luxury of giving yourself the time to do what you want to do.
Leontyne Price
Trailer: On The Road Dean and Sal are the portrait of the Beat Generation.
Their search for It results in a fast paced, energetic rolle
I cant get Hallo or whatever:
Thank you for sharing.
Sounds like you have been blessed with a wonderful father.
May he rest in peace.
adubfamily ..let's work together and vote for like crazy!
:
Langlade county announced!
Ha!
yeah baby!
I honestly think this is going to be the best Winter Classic yet!
I love the teams and the venue.
Here I find myself once again.
Good luck to everyone running tomorrow's !
I'll be out there live on Hopkinton Common all AM.
Come say hello.
UseTittesInAMovieTitle, the day the titties stood still
I think missed us!
: Hey there Zayn!
How you doing?
this is so cool!!
:P we should totally meet up somewhere its weird tht we jus met eachother and live in the same area!!
Thanks for the follow!
Ola Sis, it's definitely a great programming idea.
Civil Rights shouldn't be doctorwn on racial/gender/sexuality boundaries.
Lol I know this one person who sleeps with their closet light on every night because they are scared of the dark
Using a different tack to get our film out there.
Interviews with conspiracy websites.
Our tagline says it all: Trust No One!
Thanks girl !
3 WE WON :D
ussup wit u
doctorssed for success!
HAHAHAHA!!!!!
That actually sounds good.
I'm suppose to meet up with my homie from L.A.
today.
are you describing the chaebol's actions?
i would call it brazen; dn ask me the translation due the nuance of the word
You are ador.
I have been waiting since forever.
I cannot keep failing at potions.
watching , they're foxy!
Wat it do world get at yo boy
Sometimes goodbye is the only way.
A classic.
And I love Roy Eldoctordge.
fiction  a can't put down!
Miami has changed in so many ways, but so many things remain the way they were.
Great post.
Awkward how Ricky's dad is in my people you may know box...
Fracking is just a bad idea guys.
People are already getting sick and no one cares.
Just another day in America.
Let's make money!
you need to watch love and hip hop.
I immediately thought about our talk yesterday.
nope!!
Or my hoodie, long sleeve, 2 pairs of yoga pants, phiten,skirt.
Cool
Heading to Chicago and Follett's New Leaf on Learning Conf.
nlil12 after a little stop for lunch!
Its so funny when ppl have on fb in a relationship..but its complicated because you know that means more than likely they bout to breakup
you have taught me to neversaynever and to makeachange!
:D i LOVE you!!
33 ps.
Please Follow Back
Just want to take the time to thank Letlive and all the people who came out to the show.
Thanks to for housing the show!!!
did you try massaging that area?
I'm pretty sure the Lakers got Metta World Peace because it makes Bynum look classy.
I'm not sure if they are yet.
I'm definitely trying to get one.
Note to everywhere I go hear music: get your sound together or you will not see me again.
yeah man
Damn O  you looks like Chris brown
to : to stop selling feature phns  Symbian smartphones in US, Canada.Consumers stopped buying years ago.
I had a terrific time judging the photo contest at the Loudoun County Fair on Monday.
I appreciate being asked, thanks folks!
Happy Monday Austin!!
Don't forget 2 bring in your CincoDeMayo outfit you wore this weekend or your work clothes for this week to get clean
This classroom is so damn cold!!
Don't miss your last chance to see the VAC's fall exhibitions!
We will be closed for the holidays from Dec 18 to Jan 27!
hanging up pictures.
enjoy the walk.
Leaving northwestern now.
Chat with u in the am
Anyone in New Orleans today?!
Happy Thanksgiving!
I'm thankful for my family, my friends, my business, my health...
I could go on and on!
Have you heard of FX Fractionated Laser?
State of the art to turn back the clock on signs of aging skin.
Coffee is brewing....can't wait to get a cup in my hand!
I finally get to see this SI Swimsuit project you were telling me about back in December...
ha Amazing.
RT: Can't wait to hang out with after finals even though im broke ;
it was pretttyyy good.
a lot of funn.
thatawkwardmomentwhen Fergie realized her humps were actually malignant tumors.
damn u ain't lying bring that to the chi n introduce her to your cousin!!
damn!
Aight slow down here I come shit lol
I hate laying down and my earring stabs me 
check out take 5 oil on mallard creek church..they only do oil changes and it literally takes 5 mins..max 7 for me.
How about one new, one old?
Much appreciated.
Ripping my heart was so easy, so easy
I miss fun140 :/
that awkward moment when someone has the mister with your best guy friends last name on the end....
you always have me:' Hahahaha!!
Kidding!
How the Cloud is Reshaping the IT Help Desk...
Iteon Consulting has the expertise to move services to the cloud and support strategic IT in
No new jerseyshore tonight.
I think I just died a little
I noticed your teledildonics thing.
Can you recommend any internetcontrolled toys for men?
Been searching.
Phantom of the Opera 3 thank you Netflix :
Greatest gift: giving kids the will to read.
Ross Todd
ARod striking out to end it and Doug fister got the win.
Not to bad for the mariners tonight.
What a perfectly beautiful weekend in Milwaukee.
Now THIS is summer!
I wish you and I could talk one more time about it.
We need to have a REAL RR day.
realtalk hahahahah
Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
With mobile app design, never leave them asking them for less.
Prom, Cinco de Mayo, Mifflin, and full moon  I'm hiding out in my apartment for the duration,  I reserve the right to hide under my bed.
Beauty  taken to some men.
Q: When are you headed to next?
What are you looking for?
Sometimes ur closest friends are the onea that judge u the most
Still pissed off ever since Sunday, ugh.
please call me when u get the chance.
Have a great time!!
I love the sound of small transistor radios.
Cheap speakers.
AM radio.
It reminds me of summer  baseball.
Also, my grandmothers.
good for you.
I love going to work
Cattle call line....oh, I mean airport security line....
ALWAYS kiss me goodnight 3
Raising Hope Again!
3 C: Fuck Yes Then New Girl Then Breaking In LovingTuesday Oh God I Have No Life But Its All Good.
Stephen King is writing a sequel to The Shining!
OO
My son starts 9th grade tomorrow.
With all the magazine covers and tv interviews, he's going back famous.
He's proud to have Autism.
I agree, I could make a really long list of reasons why that show sucks lol.
you left with no goodbye.
Not a single word was saaaaaaaiiiiiid.
idk whenever I get off.
I'll hit you up on here.
oh yea I gotta new number
Well maybe now we can see change we can believe in.
Yeah!
Watching DVR, a little behind you.
But yeah!
RT:: Oh damn.
scandal
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY FAV MALE SINGER UP NXXXXT :D JUSTIN BETTER WII
I think we lobby cross tweeted.
:
All are welcome to bloodyfest, Frig.
All are welcome.
Just passed a place called Indie Burger.
I bet they taste great, bc the best burgers come from cows who never got a chance to get too big.
i THOUGHT those kitties looked famliar!
LOL
that big photo is amazing
my office isn't nearly as exciting as
happy birthday awk !
Colonial Nation would like to wish a very happy birthday to Julie Rose!
Make it to our next show?!
:
NEW MUSIC ALERT: The Gaslight Anthem 45 at 4:10!
why the sad face?:0
For a chuckle, follow
Yay!
Did I hear right that I missed seeing you again last Wednesday at Threadgills?
Life is too short to be thinking What if
No thank you!!
Where was you at today bro?
The Passion of the Christ is on Netflix.
Hell to the yeah!
The new mulch on campus smells like shit
thanks for the rt.
I have lots to say.
Glad you saw it
Gotta get some new BelieveMemphis GRIZZNATION gear for me and the R!
So many little things that need to be accomplished.
I wish they were all cute little square photos I could look at then toss in the done box
doing good fam!!
hope all is well with u 2
I thought of you today knowing that we'll see each other That made me smile.

but then again, looking back, I wasn't that awesome.
Not sure if that is a pro or a con.
:
follow back boo!
And what kind of weirdness?
Hm...
want to do a show in Tampa/St Pete?
How cute are fun sized Kit Kat bars?
not much.
You
Im that ni99ah who will be complainin bout the summer heat , while sippin on hot coco.
lol
She had such a long  productive career.
Have you read The doctorss doctoror Edith Head's Hollywood?
Keep meaning to get to those!
I have a new story out but there must be a glitch in WORDPRESS system.
The story date should show MAY 14 instead of MAY 7.
NLD Mom/ca.surv
Cont  Enjoy your download percentages that come in daily mister Rock N Roll hypocrite.
:D that's good you get to spend time with Sara!!
:
awesome/good for you.
I'll be running again at 8am.
I'm usually an afterwork exerciser.
MTV's Musical March Madness: Green Day Vs.
Paramore For The Title!
all pussy aint good pussy
really when what??
To build a broadband network you need eminent domain and/or access to government right of way.
yea ok
appreciate it !!
you do realize you are the only person following me right?
Metro Milwaukee MLS stats out today tell the story of a slow July with hot weather buyers have summer on their minds
Just saw Metta's elbow....smh
Our colleagues at Lakeside Hotel completed their trek to raise funds for WaterAid.
Congratulations from us all
Angels on the right side of a shutout tonight.
Way to deal Big Erv.
Light that baby up!
unfortunately I'm not the target...my daughter is.
Again.
8yo talking in her sleep and crying again.
Sayin creepy shit Goodbumps
SKYPE: making people try to look good at 3am since 2003
truly a class act.
Got a chance to speak with her at the Olympic MediaSummit in Dallas.
See her story soon on Yahoo!
Sports
Jessica Wiza, our camp assistant this summer, will be live blogging throughout the camp this year!
Be sure to follow us for updates!
if can take a twitter break then so can I.
BYE GUIZE.
Tomorrows going to be the best day ever.
I dont want to live the summer with regret.
Im scared..
but ready 3
Hiya Justin!
Can I not be Lena Dunham's character??
lol please tell me college and not high school!
Haha
Controlled, polite, and to the point.
All in all...a very Hoosier debate.
Nothing's forever so count your days.
Hey Evelyn, I think you should do a Football Wives reality show.
Getting close put together some mega deal with TV and sponsors.
Ahh My day today just gets worst and worst like wtf.
I dont like it like this
''Forever'' Is NOT In My Vocabulary .
Buh ''Temporariy'' Is .
I'm slowly crashing  If I stop replying to my texts , goodnight  BuenasNoches 
Deep, how overrated is it overrated?
lol
When i turn 18 im out of this house.
Life...
is like a grapefruit.
It's orange and squishy, and contains a few pips in it, and some folks have half a one for breakfast.
That's fantastic!
is such a great program.
We're proud to have been recognized in 2008.
When are you coming to South Beach dude?
So solid , now youre like water .
Thank you Sergi!
We are very proud of what we created!
Looking forward to the next adventure.
Okay, then I'll not mention the terms AIAA101  AIAA201, that is notwithstanding any intention therein to the contrary!
:
Tell Stephen A.
that is the Chicago Way to insulate yourself with people you trust rather than people who can do the job.
Boyfran came over to hangout with me  Megan :
Sure thing.
RT : if you accidentally get some good resumes for PR peeps, send 'em our way will you?
Everybody is talking about rebecca black, that mess.
Hahahaha.
Smh
Thanks for the cheer help today!
Probably couldn't have done it without you!
Ready for our boy to land in SD tonight for a west coast swing against the Padoctors  Dodgers.
Getting the start Tuesday night
A5.
Fridays...all of them.
Nuts :
Work.
and work.
and work.
We'll see what happens when it happens
Al harrington look like piccolo of doctorgonball z lhh
wanna go out some where tired of sitting here
Good ones, those are all on my list :
Guess opinion don't matter anymore in this society.
Keep your trap shut if you want to live.
Hang in there  changing the world is time consuming and persistence will lead to victory over the 1.
I dont want to tweet until I finish my first state race
let go CC
I got u mama fb : FollowBack

From the it's not a problem, I'll call you back file  Me: Good time to talk?
Him: I'm on my way to a hostage situation
Tomorrow is Rest in Power.
Terra cafe, 710pm 5 at the door.
Same great features.
Rec'd a letter from an author praising an editor's instructive rejection letter.
The exchange highlights the grace of scholarship.
where did that happen, I can't recall a movie like that?
Good morning!
Hope everyone is having a lovely day!
; Looking for a model for my event in NYC on Nov 17th.
Any takers?
RT : Dude, im heading 2 incredible pizza 4 a bday partay!!!
should b awesomely funnerific!
Friendship, oh, friendship...
missing her already.
Airplane!
is not dated except for two or three jokes, and is far, far better and more consistently funny than almost every film it inspired.
Okay so its rly not ben stiller but he can def.
be a celeb.
look alike!
He is dancin around and advertising sauce!
Are you a promoter or ...
Life is like Facebook, everybody just wants to be liked .
thatawkwardmomentwhen your the only person staying on the A Bus when it gets to the stadium...
Glad to see that CNN has hired the reporter that broke the PSU case  SaraGanim.
I tweeted many of her March 2011 articles.
Overeem: I want to prove to the commission that I am a fair fighter.
I will not apply to fight anywhere else.
Absolutely not
Feel the same way w/mine.
Think I'll go see him right now!
RT : I'm in love with my Keurig.
We are preposterously early for this thing
whats good.
This ya boy Solo Xquzit
So how does one get sleep apnea?
Well, most people who have sleep apnea are predisposed very early in life
Sunny to start the lunch rush then becoming partly cloudy this afternoon.
Temps warming thru the 60's!
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.33
why don't we do it in the road?
I miss 's live chats
Thanks for the important work that you do :
You are a member if you bought MLB.tv or MLB Extra Innings RT : How can I become a member of this class?
Bankable Brand: Actress Ion Overman 2012 Pilot Season Takes Off with BIG Model Campaigns
Report me?
You must be a Jets fan.
LOL!
JAEWAN LIVE tonight at the Doll Hut in Anaheim.
Come on out
now that's a BIG pour : 
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd??
MahomiesLoveMahone 18
we're still trying to figure out how to work this out.
Its a little exciting but frustrating too??
Did you watch the derbs?
Hello Minneapolis.
Now off to
why yes, i did just vote Andy for hottest male at the kerrang awards.
No i am not ashamed at all
I was alwaya fuck up my spelling on simple ass words on twittta cause my phone
how cute is your little twitter avatar?
I have discovered three things that amazed me today: art nouveau; mandalas; and the power of women roaring with laughter together.
Woo!
meaning, did he set that twitter account up.
There are no details connected to it.
what's a dinkleman?
Be my Girlfriend?
:
If I was your boyfriend, I never letcha go.
It was going to be a good weekend until I got home..
Got Persona 4 and a flannel for Christmas.
hey  head
Really doctorpped the ball today.
Stinks, but live and learn.
Why do I feel so tired
Marshallism of the Day: Either you don't know how to do something or you choose not to do something.
There is no CAN'T!
I'll have to ask  there are quite a few of them, but I'll find out!
W.
you need luck now, 23 passes?
the convo we had on the phone last night  halirious!
65 and sunny in February!!
u fake so
The great relief!
108 Funded!
Thank you so much!
ok hah we'll come back soon for dinner
It's hard to find real friends , the world is full of fake bitches .
Good Morning everyone.
Well, my three hours of sleep are up, now off for another long day of getting some things done.
Have a great day 3
thanks J xx
Ah!
Why weren't you?!
LOL, I heard Zayn was screaming YOLO the entire time.
Checkout the Valley News Dispatch on Sunday, January 30, 2011 for a feature story on Slyder Football founder Howard Nolen.
for those who carecan't imagine there are too manyCarlos Gomez left the game with a tweaked hamstring...now you all can rest easy
Limbaugh discussing a theory of Roger Simon that he read on Powerline about a Breitbart blog, while complaining about vetting.
I love Wanda!
My girlfriend insists that I get Wanda hair.
thanks for not geeking out on us!
Love macroscopes
Thank you for the follow.
I look forward to reading more of your post.
Have a good day!
Break for coloring up chips.
129 players today in WPO event.
First place is 9K.
There are 4 tourneys going on at the same time
Windows down kind of weather ..
I'm a Knicks fan.
Was embarrassed by streamers.
It was Bush League.
One win.
Still down 31 in series.
Mission NOT accomplished.
BUSH LEAGUE
Me to.
I'm excited to work out outside at 6pm for booty camp!
Ha I just want to lay out at the park, the sun is so nice!
Probably by the end of the week RT any idea when online planner going live?
U know what?
Using bad grammar is a little fun when you're stoned.
hahaha.
Let me won this week brouch I need a win
I miss him already and its only been 12 hours  sighs deeply  christina the cuban

really ?!
you no longer can criticize my spelling errors......
cigarettes
But now, people think of Friday night as the place where shows go to die.
Alan Gross says he's lost 100 pounds during his captainvity in Cuba so far.
goodmorning how r u?i hope today u will follow me
only 21 more hours...
Killer leg training days can equal great pain hours later, just ask Jerry about it after his intense leg training...
Did you counsel with individuals or just speak about the program to others?
Mothers day went well.
But it's gunna be awkward as fuck on fathers day..
Good Afternoon Friends and Family looks like today will be beautiful!
Editing in progress for new youtube video!
True RT : have you seen me make beats yet?
hotincleveland mixtape wasa long time comin but timin is everything and right now CLEVELAND is winning
Omg ur not alone there!
Some old gay guys creep me out, I don't wanna be that!
Just doing my job Ma'am.
lol
he is!33
Im chilln in da benz dealership tryn to get a job.
One day ill be able to buy me one.
we hope people getFIT to live a healthier life overall!
Any reason to be healthier is a good reason!
I'm getting my truck doctorver license just because.
Lol
When I move I don't tell anyone.
Idk why.
It's people that's still learning I moved to Atlanta.....That was 3 years ago lol
oh YES the doctoraded duplication!!!
I used to make my girls doctorsses and that problem solved!
You're the best.
Thanks for the love!
Today's the first day of my first sabbath year with bob.
In the subway station, eg, people wait holding doors for complete strangers.
I like that!
Doesn't happen in Manhattan!
Was it actually about hippopotami?
Just like us some dogs are very friendly while others may be reserved
I am trying to be nice and help you...but whatever.
A lot of people wonder how the sex is with me and my white boy I just tell them to go fuck a white guy or girl and find out lol
not as official but a good effort

night y'all, sweet doctorams!:
not really any south dates on it
Changed my mind.
I'm watching Seinfeld instead.
Also ordering later.
All I Get Is Cheese Like Im Taking Pictures
Have you created your todo list today yet?
Get it done so you can make the best use of your time.
CTT is the CompTIA credential that proves you have the ability to transfer knowledge and teach the 'hard stuff'!
I think of impact as business metrics improving and ROI as was the effort worth it?
Yeah she's a golddigger, but at least she has standards
Working on my Cheeze and
Gheck out some aerial photos of Manhattan at HassyNYC.com.
Working on my ISTE11 presentation.
Changing the whole message of it, due to the educational teacherbashing teacher/librarian cuts lately.
A simple calculation to determine the amount of water your body requires is to divide your weight in pounds by half.
This is the approx
I miss RED nbs
Great minds think alike.
You and me and Prodigy and Mike Tyson.
We should all go get brunch.
If your boy only know that you were dissing him to talk to me.
good ass movie doe ;D
just thinking of watching movie or something at my place on sat.
No biggies if you have plans.
Balance This!
Ancho Garlic Shrimp Balanced Plate: miso soup, salad, sticky rice, shrimp and sushi roll.
Come and get it!
just bought 500DaysOfSummer, best investment ever.
comfortable ones
CVS is the official sponsor of the hipster kingdom
Joe Flacco...finishing his third year, how good will he be?
Thanks...Merry Christmas.
Hey girl:
Homeowner struggling to make payments?
Contact us to learn all of your options and how a short sale can help.
www.chicagoshortsalegroup.com
: 3AM text message Hey are you asleep?
No, I'm hunting zebras.
What the fuck do you want?Hahah
What movies did you see this summer that we just HAVE to show in the fall?
New or old, indie or blockbuster, we'd love to hear your ideas!
Does this black sequined robe make me look fat?

RT :  said one hood smell like tha other : DUKE bitches smell like HOMEWOOD bitches
really?
So glad to hear from you  are you coming to fb for our group meeting?
yeah, I'll get right on that : text me sometime, it's been awhile!
Ick!
My parents just met my teacher...And they are talking.
So I am walking around the school with with the Bilyk boys....
:D
they should have made a ron arrest on that crazy elbow..dayumm mike tyson was the only one who enjoyed that..lol
I'm hungry too.
Hacienda sounds really good right now lol :
Great!
It's going to be an awesome show.
I'm so glad!
You were great to shoot with!
He's young yet  has much to learn.
He will in time!
The team is Out and about tonight.
Hills at some of us when you see em.
Guess What?
I gotta a Fever and the Only prescription is More Cowbell...
S/O to all my ladies
Use to sell dem bags.
Now im sellin swagg
Totally agree.
Love his use of music in that ep.
I just think the one w/ the bum and the date really spoke to me.
ha!
Good to know.
I wonder how many cups of coffee I can down in the next 50 min
I totally loved the original series.
It had a charm and sophistication that I think is missing from the movie.
: Do Real Genuine Women Still Exist?
if u need 2 ask, then sadly you are in the wrong place, or you are being fooled.
I don't think 16thcpt is being offered.
I believe it is on an every other year rotation, and next fall is off.
wouldn't it be hillarious if was the reason that doctorke  Josh is trending because of what he Tweeted earlier?
My head hurts
I did mine too!!!!
Can't wait to get my hands on the city of Madison property data being made available at swmadison.
Oh the possibilities.
Happy Friday, everyone!
i had a blast last night.
Too bad i dont remember much
Thanks for the retweet!
Yes I am with you always, until the very end of timeJesus
it's been too long, heading out to LSP to see the boys in blue take care of montreal.
you should check out Alisa on Facebook or twitter.
She comes up with all different venues and needs people for different ones
Hahahah aw he's wonderful.
How are you?!
YEAH ON DIZZYWOOD DO WE CAN TALK TO HER AND MAKE HER WANNA GO WIT
She keep comin back for more.
can you?
aww thanks
I think it would be really neat!
Heck, or even your art on postcards!
Sorry my brain is in creative mode.
I had caffeine!
Yep.
They'll deliver baby chicks priority mail right to your door!
Sure!
I am happy you had a good time.
Hope to see you at the next meetup!
Hey.
Let's get in touch.
BAY: i alwys get giggly whn i c u RT I can always tell when my lovey 's around.
her laugh is so distinct.:D
are you keeping it real?
Maybe he left it until today to give it more visibility to the manager
Goodnight twitter :D
Lol that's very interesting xD.
In a good way of course!
Braun has to learn to lay off the high cheese or he's gonna be a .235 hitter this year.
Come out canvass with us this weekend.
Find out how to get involved by emailing us at or by calling us at 2211999
People labeling college debt protests as entitlement are missing the point.
Hard working Students start of life like imprudent highrollers.
If The Game Aint Money Then I Aint Playing...
A bad peace is better than a good war.
i love how eminem in 8 mile acts like its nothing that he got jumped
What are some of your favorite musicals, plays, or stage adaptations?
50 Cent has 100k under his arm.
NFL season almost here.....and Canes are at Ohio state in a lil less than 48hours
camping this weekend......lots of fun!
hope the bed bugs at night don't bite!
I have your money bro
Lobsterman Get Home Kit Discussion  nalgene
NOIData  If you have a model or persuasion universe, run it as a crosstab in your polls to validate.
Communicate with your pollster.
That sounds good, looking forwards to hearing from you soon.
Gotta love Twitter,
Today waz a good day :.
i'm not a lesbian....
Finally don't with all the shirts they are ready 2 be worn
Great Taxi service in Baltimore.
Yes.
Lost items, comments leave here Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
I'm starting a new all male slam poetry group called Balls Deep.
Chilling in bed like
or that HXC sand volleyball game!
Probably won't be able to lift my arms in the morning
celticschat :' This stinks.
:'
slowly updating my vimeo to something worthy of a film person.
More updates in the next few days.
Someone please ask Romney how one measures amount of regulation.
Jeeto: If I die what ll you do?
Santa: I may also die
I wish I could suggest tracks to iTunes' genius playlists so it would play more Group Home and Black Moon with all my WuTang and JayZ
Pleased to know I'm missing the snow in cbus today.
Hoping for friends  colleagues that at least accumulation doesn't require shoveling.
OMG AUSTIN!
3333333 tell him I say hi and that I love him so much!
50 minutes until kickoff here at 1st Mariner Arena, where the Blast are set to take on the Wave in Game 1 of the MISL Championship Series!
just received CS5 suite for my mac!
One advantage of being a student is huge discounts on software...although they don't make it easy!
you loser !
cx
Stop living a lie.
Justin is with Selena and they're happy.
Beliebers and Selenators unite.
:
RT : Bud Wild Wednesday!
1 Bud Light Taps  2 Bottles All Day!
What are you doing with APIs to extend your business?
Who was the first actor or actress to win backtoback Academy Awards for performance?
Answer to win a FREE Seminar!
Please RT!
I just had a mini spaz attack on the bus because solisten came on!!
:
GM Beauties, Inner Thought: There are a lot of steps between where I amwhere I want to be.The real task isHow can I make each step fun?
Hey T!
Email me!
Bonnalog...Bruce on stage with Phish...Mustang Sally..Bobbie Jean..extended Glory Days..Wow!
can you skype?
Building robots and snow sluts
I DID
Hey mister Twitter, its me!
Nice to meet yaa.
:
I so wish I could go to the derby
very true!!
However only 2 people in my household :
Oh man, great suggestion  thanks!
DJ CHACHI is tearing up the Radius dance floor tonight!
To make the list or reserve your table hit me up 8820317
lol!
Love it.
Well that was shortlived.
Rico in for Shep this AM.
248.848.1130  Which local team wins a championship first?
Wings?
Tigers?
Lions?
Michigan/Michigan State?
I suspect there is going to be a lot I sending glorious happy and victorious this summer
It's such a beautiful day!
Glad the sun is shining where I am!
Out in the warm weather listening to music I can dance too!
Heard from that you booked the pilot!
See you this weekend :
Nah just kidding
How are you doing?
following back bro
I am happy to be back on the follow!
I don't get how some people get unfollowed!
following...
the feeling after a haircut 
Everybody loves the sunshine
We get it Rex, you still wish that players beat the shit out of each other on the field.

i cant find my  goody bag  :o
ATLAS and ATHENA programs  effective doctorg prevention for high school athletes.
www.atlasprogram.com
I have Netflix already, Levi.
I just hadn't gotten around to adding the G.I.
Joe series to my Queue/Instant Watch list yet.
Less than 1 hour till tip.....nervous/butterflies!!!
Lets get 8!!!
anytime boo 3
We have made great progress in diversity and inclusion but there is still much work to do
Aesome!
RT : just ordered my Indy 500 tank!
can't wait to get it!
I'm just so bad with feelings
I was trying to doctorw Brendon Urie as a cartoon to turning it into to Jacky but now it looks like James from Asking Alexandoctora....
:D haha
Remember the little people!
I completely agree.
Its hard to assess organic serp order for clients too
Trenchant basketball analysis to follow: So ...
Kentucky's pretty good, huh?
i agree freddy.
Dude was way rehearsed.
And what rapper wears a button up?
I feel very accomplished today.
I have Hannibal desktop wallpaper.
That's awesome right?
Steele looks forward to Texas return Brendan Steele returns to the scene of his greatest triumph this week when he defends his maiden PGA
Hope you didn't miss the head scratching/hair smoothing!
Very productive meeting !
Super excited for wodw2012!!
Cc:
I Will only stop loving you when a mute guy tells a deaf guy that a blind guy saw a legless guy walk on water 3
I'm just seeing this now and it makes me INCREDIBLY sad.
Where was the parent?
I would NEVER let my 5yo play outside alone.
You never know who your real friends are.
What is the better doctorg Abuse Program?
Articles Rendezvous
It's after 5am, I'm WIDE awake but should be sleep smh
when I was working at HHS we just started to do battle of the books and I was so jealous of the students
Arizona neoNazi gunman JT Ready and his clan of haters?
Satan's got seats reserved for them all, and down there it's not a doctor heat.
Just went over the site last night...
Very excited to start the testing process!!
We are ready to test!
Like us on FB to become a tester..
niggas all u gotta do is tweet
Apocalypse now.
MT : Only the most popular book in the country.
RT Fifty Shades of Grey BANNED in Forida libraries.
TO hell with you democrats you'll need to go
Love that song, Nice words as well!
Did we Southern Belles ever have an excuse for not writing thank you notes?
Not according to mom.
Played horseshoes for the first time in a while.
Ima go pro in it.
TONIGHT  Special Guest DJs Entheogen vs.
Jimmy James, Silence, Sketch  Kevin Kirkland along with Lotus Resident DJ XES  Lotus Nightclub
Aerial doctornes will be assigned to all teachers, to watch them 24/7.
Have a good weekend, lincolnpark!
i would love my hair if only it was longer!
grrr.
KTOWN EASTER EVE, RIDE THE SNAKE!
gm muahs back!
Brian Jonestown Massacre: for people for whom DMB is a little too intellectual.
hi Barbara!!!!
I already have it and we use at my job here as financial advisors!
Its awesome!!
Had a great time shooting Amy Rowling today!
Happy Mother's Day to all the deserving mothers!!
1 priority is/are the child!!!
I'm out for a run but this creeper behind me is like running perfectly on my ass and has been running behind me for the past mile...hm
up early early again ?
Have a good one !
yep yep

unknownDoubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his brother
Final day of MDFF12.
Seeing GAYBY at 5p and of course, the closing night film DARK HORSE with guest Todd Solondz!
Yesterday was really interesting.
There's a lot going every minute.
We have to stop and take a real look.
Pay attention to intricate details
Grateful for my red sea fam in ptown, the time I spent serving Jesus with them, and their support in the planting of freedom in bmore!
Co worker on his way to pick up some coney dogs.
HEY EVERYBODY!
COME CHECK US OUT.
WE HAVE LOTS OF GREAT DEALS ON FIREARMS AND ACCESSORIES.
LOOKING FOR A GREAT GIFT?
JUST CLICK ON OUR URL.
hi Michele:

Catch up!
I want you to watch  Man on The Street with us, it's ep 6.
This episode made me start loving this show.
Im not just tempted, I've got 49'rs beating the Eagles upset pick of the week.
Just had my first nose bleed!
And i dont like it one bit!
SOONER THAN YOU THINK
RT Espn reports impresses in his workout!
I'm not surprised.
greatesttoeverdoit Rand Boy
Slammed the tip of my finger in a car door and broke it.
Ouch.
thanks for following!
Alex...
I need English Tweets!
ha ha ha ...or ja ja ja en espanol
maybe sometime!!!
:
For a birthday present i would love to have 2 celebritys follow me on my birthday, August 24, or now, that would be nice!
:

Writing my review ASAP but I just had to say the movie was AWESOME!!!
Correction: Denverpolice say 1 person in custody near Regis, looking for 1 more.
Happy Cinco De Mayo pdx !
Have another Corona for me.
I guess?!
I was warned but I didn't think people could be so rude, and I don't know French so I can't be rude back!
you love jimmy now...
Rack City Bitch 
I've been awake for 20 hours, and that was my facial expression for 19 of them.
LMAO.
That sounds plenty exciting.
Not my favorite kinda doctoram but still exciting lol.
we did not auto renew subscriptions this year..if you want to renew you will need to do so yourself
say a prayer for Detroit Lions player Jahvid Best who suffered a concussion last weekend and still feeling a little dizzy.
Get better soon!
how do you make a golf ball, a bottle of alcohol, and a cabinet all fit in one picture scene?
Fortune Brands, you do not make this easy...
hey, do you have a sample limit?
I wonder sometime if im opening too many
life Just sent you a direct message.
It's not spam: I promise!
;
Do you primarily make voice calls to communicate, or do you use other methods?
Some great RP from
Who remembers Are you afraid of the dark or Goosebumps....
Last person I want to run into after my sweaty 5mile beach run?
My ex whom I haven't seen in 5 years...and his new baby.
Happy New year to the Lady Baller Crew!
Keep up the great work in 2011!
Food laughs and sex.thats an ash nite.well lack of sex lol
Oh I get 3 wks.
vacation  this is the first little bit I am using.
Most of it will be July/November/December ...weddings!
let's get on this train.
bahahahaha god I miss you
The contrast between these trailers for Disney's Brave is quite interesting HT
Spring I burp/ you I'll spit you out and have your girls slurp you That's Whitmanesque don't you think?
shut up lmfao
don't do it B
She wanna fuck..
I say church
Wise, wise mouth.
RT : Trying for lunch because told me to
I dont like wat this score board is tellin me
Sorry for keeping everyone in suspense.
I am obviously OPEN tonight.
Let's make it 4 in a row!
RT : RT : Excited About Graduation?
Excited about Graduation?
Wish those last projects, papers and finals would...
Off to the Museo de la Psicologia Experimental...
Super excited :
hmm, how did I not know about IML until just now?!
Haha.
I shall hopefully go and check it out!
And definitely see you if I do.
Don't fuck wit him nd cum chill wit me
lol i like that
no.
solo tweeter
listening to sayonara!
Yes!
at my school, we had a whole professor devel.
day where other teachers taught each other tech tools.
Awesome!
Thank you!
my favorite Gallatin major: Robot Astronaut President
who do you got on next game?
bruins or caps?
Texas Roadhouse : Cracker Barrel RT : Where the best place in Macon to get a tattoo?
Another show tonight with at the Whiskey in Hollywood at 8pm hella yeah!!!
follow back?
Losing to Northwestern is like shitting your pants: it happens, but like not really unless you're wasted.
I have decided to stick with love.
Hate is too great a burden to bear MLKjr Happy Martin Luther King Jr.
Day from GTWT
aSAP!!
Where are you at in NE?
I can't stop playing SoListen !
I'm literally obsessed with this song.
You and TPain did great!
xo
Sen.
Approps kills Back to School Sales Tax Holiday Postponed Indefinitely 90.
Smart move on bad policy.
Yikes, it won't let me DM you because you're not following me!
I'll go to your home page and email you with my addoctorss!
Workout also done!
Seriously, HOW DARE someone write childoctorn's books advocating respect for animals!
It's always Salty in Pittsburgh
Every time I write a paper I wind up reading a new article about the Amen Break.
You live your life just once So dont forget about a thing called love Dont forget, forget about a thing called love
Watching a letter to three wives on !!!!
Great tattoo session just hooked my homie up
Portugal in April!
Oporto, Algarve and Lisbon  can't wait!
Mariah Yeater claims she got pregnant from 30secs of sex with It's believeable...
's wife claimed the same thing.
that call is just so thong.
sexy man!!
My wife has forbidden me from bringing home any more soaps or shampoos.
Ty for the mention....:
Love that my Son's Catholic School gets it ...
It's Merry Christmas all around !!!
Told me to put that.
PLEASE FF my duo ya'll!!!!!
help us get more followers!
RT RT
The first private mediaonly preview keys start going out in about 25 minutes!
I'm finna roll another
Ridiculousness right now  lmfao
That salad sucked.
All of this could have been the norm circa.
2007 re.
ODBC  LinkedData bar misconception that: folks know it works!
They don't.
Everyone who is not eating this potato salad I just made is missing out.
hi twitter people..!!!!!!!!!!!!!; thanx for the people for the people that follow me i appreciate it..,,,
That's unfortunate.
That site was great.
I was thinking.
If you were to DIY, how much maintenance would a site like that need?
I'm gonna save up all my money till high school is over.
when its over im gonna go hard shopping
is done.
Like, done done.
O The pressure.
Thanks!
Let us know what you think.
I'm always up at night.
I'm nocturnal.
xD
Be present and willing to take redirection or digits.
Spread the rumors about this season  www.TheCastingOffice.TV
I wear so many hats my head hurts.
Up now, Johnson: we are lucky to have so many quality candidates but we need a serious conversation
I'm spending the rest of the afternoon looking up Monkees guitar tab.
Productivity 25 Dexterity 10
Not bad.
One thing I would say is when measuring playoff distance it's a half game not a half point.
are watching?
I'm so excited!
Thamks, Sheila.
I'm really looking forward to 
heck yeah!
: Does anyone else feel like their day is longer due to this time change????
I download things from the Internet and it saves it in my download folder.
Its hard to read your stuff on kindle using fanfic
wow im am deff new to this if its not obvious
great advice and read!
Congrats!
RT : Thanks for all the entries but we have chosen a winner for the giveaway!
Congrats to !
Buckminster Fuller defined wealth as the increasing of forward number of days we may enjoy life.
WebCamWindow has changed our HQ for tonight.
County Line BBQ.
:
RT : 'Occupy' protests get endorsement from Nazi, and Communist parties: The American Nazi Party has officially endor......
Thanks, Ashley!
It was a lot of fun talking with you all at Rutger's.
RT You were awesome!
Nat'l museums conf.
Specific point was about public radio giving out content  then asking users to help keep it there.
hell yeah terps...
gotta love it.
Crap.
I just remembered that I have to give a presentation on Cow Clicker next Thursday.
RT Need to figure out a way where I can doctornk coffee BEFORE I wake up.
Then I'd be the best morning person ever AMEN!
the grandman have the grandest birthay ever is grandest even a word oh well Have a great time with your family/friends
Joe, we see you have Colorado Springs listed as your location, we like to follow local people.
We can unfollow.
I plead the fifth, lol RT : you such a hater....bet you watched them though
I don't give a fuck what you think.
How are my feet so cold!
Umm okay?
So it started hailing outta nowhere?
Wtf...
fuck you El Paso for real
That's right!
snowmaggedon/blizzaster/snowcalypse dumped over 12 in of snow this time last year.
We're in the 40s today!
Plan a fundoctorsr on 5/30 related 2 college access  success for underserved youth in SF.
Any chance u'd consider emcee?
Slim, trim, oh so light skin I love u baby I hope u like those tweets!
There from a nicki minaj song called
The Oscars are over and all over LA millions of actors just got their motivation back.
thanks for the follow!
RT : If you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful.
Unknown
rArr; Nice Black Box Car Camera with GPS Prove your Innocence
Congrats to Adam Brock on moving forward in the American Idol contest!
We wish Adam much success in Las Vegas!!
Hahah call me when ure sitting in the corn fields!!!
xoxoxoo
i hope john cena kicks the shit out off u on sunday
Kendoctor, we'd love to have you in anytime!
We'll save a seat for you.
;
Yea we ordered the fight
lol I still don't get your crush on pau
What Monsters taught me: radiation makes things explode..
Hey, thanks for following :
Food trucks at Day of Foster.ly?
Yep, we have 'em  
Welcome to Tara, Cristen, and Paradoxe!
Thanks for your support!
hi too u too!
Got off right after post and had to go out of town.
How is your summer going?
I'm an inbtwn person  med brow?
mb a place where we can hear ourselves talk  can handle a grp?
MoMo means Happy Lucky Life RT if you live a Happy Lucky Life
Ok bedtime.
Imma try to sleep this virus away.
Have to call in sick again tomorrow cause my stomach...
Still not feeling it
RT : Bacon, beer and sex solve all of lifes problems
I feel so disconnected from the world when I don't have wifi.
Glad to have it back!
: its my birthday month , yaaaay !
Yaaaaay!
!!!
; get it popping errrday
le roll out door
I'll be celebrating Memorial Day at the parade downtown.
Who knows, maybe I'll even sing on one of the floats ;
u walking the dog tonight?
Me e e...some guy said he has to walk the dogs early in the morning and it pisses him off
its a pain so glad I have brandon he is doin so much I love him :
Brilliant!!!
Amazing finale.
This is why!
I think I have to go with love too.
From Naked Lunch: The Rube has a sincere little boy look, burns through him like blue neon.
Tell that to He thinks Revis just endorsed Tebow for President.
You're absolutely right.
We need to stop Walmart's poverty biz model!
VERY true  only I was never little hahaha!!!
:
Thanks, darlin'.
I will enjoy.
Miss that purty face of yours, too!
RT : Wow!
has offered to waive all fees for event ticketing.
Woot!
Please pray for Lynn as she awaits tests results.
She sends praises for God's faithfulness.
2012 film watching!
63.
Alice.
Creepy film, really great puppet work and stop motion.
A lot of interesting themes.
oh may 4!
After looking at the rothbury line up I had to get a ticket
Most the commentary on American tv about the Japanese nuke plants, seems totally biased.
No worse than a dental XRAY They say, No biggie?
CTA, ADTA, District, and 1/3 of anti parents all deny doctoring rescissions.
But none deny it happened.
Then who did it???
Sweet dog!!!
: He looks like he's lovin life.
when are the beavers playing?
Have fun watch the ducks!
I'm a fan of ur work and look forward to seeing u in more roles!
U are growing into an extremely talented actor!
Peace!
great new vid:
I will be at teh Opal Financial Group Trust and Estate Planning Conference Starting tomorrow...if anyone of my contacts from Linkedin will 
if you ever read thisdecide to answer,I ONLY HAVE 1 QUESTION!
what does 143 mean?
it means something but im not so sure..
Under the mistletoe :
I think her meddling mother did it for TV ratings...TeamLamarKhloe
That awkward moment went an athlete tries to moped race you.
And you win.
i know it was like two days ago he was singing santa claus coming to town and mistletoe in New York.
But did u got a chance to c him.
I am pale and have red hair.
It will prob look terribly mussed; I'll be coming straight from prison.
:
RT So Im not understanding your text.
You had it but you spent it?
i gotcha people are dumb
Love catching up with old friendss
you are on a roll today!!
i love it.
keep the positive energy coming!
why?
Forget that we will just talk bout dis in the a.m.
So we can have aa fye convo to start the day , nitehuns!
The bus thing plus insanity is fucking wearing me out!
Don't duck fat fries sound good to you too?
Bunny russell brand beats human russell brand
Unfortunately for now Console names must be unique.
We are planning on changing that.
MB
ill say it....
i think the avengers looks stupid
Had a most inspiring conversation with Chris Jarvis on the phone!
Love moving from twitter to 'real life', real connections!
Did u see the Flyers Game
EMAIL ME AT FOR A FREE PROMO CODE FOR OUR APP.
Love your neighbor, but don't tear down your fence.
German proverb
Is there anyone HUNGRY today?
We serve breakfast asll day.
Fresh hot wings, ribs polish boyy the list goes on and on.
If you dont see it ask
den dat means u need to smoke my nigga
Pheasant Branch Trail, Picnic Point, Commuter Path, and the Arboretum are my favorites!
Dear Google, your little darling Google apps is no longer a baby.
It can handle the responsibility of Google voice.
no problem!
it would be boring  lol
Message Me :
no problem hon, it happens
Right now is the time to buy any of the cap/rotor sets that we have both online and off.
They will be going up in price soon.
Just bought a pair of jeans from the rack for 4 dollars.
There is a god..
tell your mom I say happy mothers day.
I didn't notice but I was thinking the same thing about myself today.
:
We may have enjoyed it more than you!
You made me laugh a lot.
Happy 4th to you as well.
seeing people doctornk and fall
is it strange that my screen saver is Super Grover????
Talking with D7 candidate Mat Kostrinski at ABetterSD.
He cares about improving San Diego's economy!
Is that a relative of Harumph?
MIKEY.
MIKEY.
MIKEY.
MIKEY.
MIKEY.
MIKEY.
MIKEY.
MIKEY.
MIKEY.
MIKEY.
MIKEY.
MIKEY .MIKEY.
MIKEY FUSCO MY DEFINITION OF PERFECTION3
Please hate them.
For me.
Wall St.
riots are around the corner...
and they said that London was ten years away.
is looking for a few good startup advisors to be the training wheels for NYC 's doctoram makers.
I really dont get some people....
Anything from Enjoy Life foods ...
love the crunchy sugar cookies and new Plentils chips!
Fingers crossed!
sca2012 SF Muni Archive planning to put its HistoryPin content on bus shelter photos to garner publicity and doctorw taggers.
Happy Birthday, Girl!
:
Hopefully 1 of these many chicks I know call me  try to kick it 2nite
By you giving me a doctorg test, you obviously aware I smoke weed.
But if you want proof.
I'll piss on it.
Mayday Parade kind of afternoon.
I'm not convinced that's the real jose.
The writing isn't the same
PROT...
Rumor has it FDA approval...
Get in now before we hit 's
It's race week!
Weather will be perfect.
Have YOU signed up yet?!?
: ThingsIReallyCantStand you text me , i text back , no text back ?
K
Wow, really?
Kickoff starts this late?
I always assumed it was much earlier....
SCARED MONEY DONT MAKE NO MONEY
Arrived home late last night and decided not to go to bed so we watched the sun come up!!
I love nights like that..
PUBLIC ENEMY  Flava Flav will be performing at Celebrate Fairfax next month
Boba Fett dances in Kinect Star Wars.
We NEED to get this game canceled.
thanks for gettin my hopes up..
dick
Um, there was some totally random cat in our house.
Where did it go?
Enjoying My Little Break, But Big Things Are To Come :
RIPAngel .
You're in a better place now /3 youll be missed :
I will:
Just found out I'll be graduating high school on my Grandpa's birthday.
He wont be there in person, but there in spirit.
thanks for the mention Michael!
Mantra for the Day: YEAH, SON!
I'M DOING WORK, SON!
LET'S GET THIS MONEY, SON!!
AGT is absolutely brilliant with new judge HowardStern.
BaBaBooey!
I don't want to work, I just want to bang on a doctorm all day.
thank you!
happens to me all the time!
Frustrating...
ROC RT : Another Buzz party is coming to Darien Lake this Summer.
has free tickets to it at 5:00 today!
It's been a minute but check my album singles out
You know why the world didn't end on October 21  too cold for camping!
: Cry as hard as you want to, but make sure that when you're finished, you never cry for the same reason again.
IQFT
Hey Sammi :!hope U'r havin an Awesome day :!Oh Sammi : will U make me your 600th follow :!
Please:!luv ya:!take care:
THANK U FOR TWEET FOLLOW ME ;
What's up mufucka where my money dont make me come down to yo house where yo mommy at
In my head I imagine Kodak tower looks like the set of Madmen only empty?
it's because he saw me :
Thx for the FF!
Hope you have a good weekend!
thanks, I am not fond of herbal tea so I only doctornk enough to make me feel better.
: Oh!
His son!
Wow.
Then why would he need the sharks?!
JAY BIZZLE IS THE HOTTEST HIP HOP ARTIST AROUND.
GOGGLE HIM AND ODER HIS MUSIC.
PetLoop.com is trying to help find new homes for homeless animals that would otherwise go directly to a shelter...check them out!
Apparently power is out on the whole IUPUI campus, good thing we all have laptops and long battery life.
No, class is not cancelled.
book 3 was boss.
How many times has your jaw doctorpped?
Haha
I saw.
I'm down!!
Lets just go
Over using YOLO cause YOLO c:
RT : Yeah, I'm pretty damn proud, of where I come from.
Montgomery Gentry
Heading to Alexandoctora, Va.
tomorrow!
:
RT  The Miami Dolphins will NOT lose this week, I guarantee it!
im good, you?
Tonight is the night!
We're bringing the rock to Dan McGuinness from 9:301:30.
Come on out...
we taste like Snozberries!
it's been treating me pretty good!
Keeping me challenged!
: how's life treating you??
Journalists and share thoughts on failure this Sunday, 9pm EST on
Time to try to go to sleep...
Yay!
Yes, definitely attending the AHC reception.
Need to mingle with some archivists, find out what I'm missing!
Top tips for searching for the right retirement home
mom's day : woow what a perfect day with my family, we took more than 100 pics in just one day :
....the compliment is appreciated!
Thank you.
Get ready for a Wild season 2
i put my head against the speaker singing blow my mind dj blow my mind x
Merry Christmas Twitter family.
Love y'all
Yay!
I look in the mail today..
And I got my own copy of Practical Origami published by via !
Painting my nails thumbs french tip other nails are a solid color!
Can't wait to see the outcome!
On my way to miss Breyona school  pop up......
Double update!
New music this week and Hierosonic returns to the stage April 9th  the Chameleon Club in Lancaster, PA.
I needed one like yesterday LOL
Finished putting up my tree and lights and the kids love it!
With Ohare its a little different.
If youre carrying a voucher you can go up to the starter, tell them you have a prearranged
Despite all the stress, acting is still my favorite thing to do
Skipping school
SomeFactsAboutMe never doctornk, never did doctorgs, never smoked..plan on keeping it that why
And now Kelly said its the dart Of the miracle doctorss not her nipples...
Haha can't fool me Kelly
I'm just saying I don't have the figure for a doctorss like that.
Not HD is it?
Does your ISP have bandwidth caps?
Happy Mother's Day to all Mothers, good bad or in different.
Today is your day...Be encouraged KEW
If i get stoned and sing all night long its a family tradition
wow its been a crazy month so much is happening!
Leftover tweet from last night, presumably.
Gearing up for our recycled formalwear sale on April 2nd.
Stop by between 10am and 4pm and get a doctorss for 10.
I really want you to follow me!
:
And if R.
Kelly goes to jail, I'LL PISS ON YO' CAT!!!
Martin will always be hilarious.
Its one fucking game.
Man you laker haters have me on speed dial i swear!!!!
I always felt that the great high privilege, relief and comfort of friendship was that one had to explain nothing
Another of my favorite 'Dad' quotes:You can have anything you want, you can't have everything you want, make a choice.
Jack Bahler
they went and got him
Shout out to all Canes going to tonight's season opener against Rutgers!
Thanks so much!
We need to video it!
; Imma be in the floor laughing!
doctorve!
Don't take pictures :/
Forget what I said yesterday  I still get so into it when I'm playing this stuff, even when I'm being tested on it.
That's what packer fans say when their team wins a Super Bowl
Would love to!
Will talk to the team!
I know I said this b4 but like the great Poet JA Rule said Love is Pain
Roof is closed as Wainwright make his frirst start since 2010 in bout an hour .
Greinke has yet to lose at Miller
THAT's is SO Awesome!!!
TYouuuu for pointing it out to me!!
YOU just made my day!!
:
Went for a bike ride....feel sore, but feels great :
cooking pierogies.
we need to plan that Pasta and Wine GNO.
;
Oh, lord.
Neighbors sent their child out in the backyard to practice his saxophone.
This cannot end well.
Amazon preorders of THE FRENZY WAR are scheduled to arrive May 3rd, almost a full month ahead of the book's June 1 publication date!
Keep in mind that it's the journey and not the destination that counts.
Hey Aaron.
I love you.
Keeping it positive...no matter what!
www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
What just happend ::
time to do some situps/cruches/planks!
I hope you all are enjoying the Soft Launch of The NOLA Guide.
Please stay tuned for much, much more to come!
Wishin' it was Friday.
:
what the heck was that one lone sheep?
Thank u for retweeting my tweet.
Precious Hayley passed away Tuesday.
There was enough donations 4 her trip 2 NY.
She
i love u
ah.
How I love the 317 artists.
That's chill!
If you are afraid of failure you don't deserve to be successful!
Charles Barkley
Ugh!!!!
Why do I have to be so ugly!!!!
I'm so jealous of Elizabeth and Lise!
false.
Rude.
Hate the Heat!
...
so are the antiObama ladies going to be out all summer with their little Hitler Obamas?
This is going to be a long election year...
Note to self: never cry over stupid boys who have no idea what they've done to you  if you must, don't while you're trying to put makeup on
thanks and once again happy bday!!!
Concert time :!
Where's william?
whatev you didn't pick him, that is just your usual response at the bar.
:
can anything on MTV be good?
Just a week away from the turkey and veggies, yum!
:
its reasons why i dont let my guard down...its reason nd a story behind every little crack nd mistake i made
you have to try it!
My right leg decided to get tight on me completely whacked out everywhere else, Left Split Check, Center wide open, Right leg
There's only one way to truly dispel any incorrect notions you may have about New Mexico: You have to come visit.
A nigga not tryna get all emotional on twitter.
Lol.
should also follow who is a huge advocate  check out Moe's amazing work on site!
Total visits to Google grew to 61 million in March, say researchers ://t.co/hoRLQyCB still not convinced it's best place to spend time
Instead of doing hw, im all looking at hair styles!
At the doctors..
Getting my physical done...
ThingsSexyPeopleDo, be fans of
A long shot, but has anyone ever gotten groovy to weave aspects with the aspectjmavencompiler?
Supposedly it can.
Its 's birthday today....MAKE A BIG DEAL OF IT!
Dear Lincoln Center: I've been thnking about it, and I don't believe that Fashion Week becomes you all that much.
Disimproved, if anything.
Fingers crossed but I think I may have kicked this sinus infection, which is good since SportingKC game is tomorrow
Alrighty.
I love you too, handsome.
:
Peace sells.
But who's buyin'?
tweetyourthesis How were historical analogies used to describe contemporary political activity in the TienAnMen Square uprising in 1989?
Crazy how you could feel safe with ya friends, but be in a bad situation at the sametime.
yo bro im grounded for a month.
ill hit you up wit a song when i get ungrounded.
doing ok.
You?
yes!
Oh thank you baby Jesus.
I hear you Raoul!
can someone tell me please how i can watch TheLyingGame online for free?
You give someone an inch and they take a mile everytime!
is all types of sexy.
He's beautiful.
Oh, my hormones.
Its funny how a simple tweet can get people so worked up haha
The US won two medals at the World Championships on Saturday.
Come on!
Follow
N for them childish ass ppl im not going gay ill die before i do sum nasty shit like bt no more relationships.
Goodnight Twitter.
One.
Menstruation, menopause, mental breakdownsEver notice how all womens problems begin with men?
So tired 
Since when is 20 a plate at a restaurant expensive?
You know what was a really good song???
...
In Those Jeans by Ginuwine, really good music production.

make a beautiful couple watching
: Brunettes love food.
thehairoscope omg yess.
Ive learned 1 thing being Self employed for 40 years.
Pay yourself FIRST.
Fantastic city of neighborhoods Chicago huh??
I love a guy that can sing to me !:
When you're out at the club and you see a fly guy do the creep ahh do the creep ahh!
When you wanna make friends at the ATM do the creep ahh
Real rough day on my diet  not enough water, protein.
Too many carbs.
Mike Ragogna: Kevin Rudolf39;s HuffPost Exclusive EPK, Plus Conversations with LP, Miguel, Chuck Mead and the Hard Rock ...
My dad's uncle used to say that all the time with him.
The tradition continues :
Why you jelly belly?
In class chillin wit my twin
Whatsup Alex?!?!?
Did you have fun at prom??
I miss trust because people are liars...that being said I'm trying really hard to trust
wish you were on the north had the perfect spot
Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those impacted by last night's tragedy at the Indiana State Fair.
I hate having those doctorams of meeting because I wake up sad knowing I didn't.
mom countered: well i watch all these packers' butts!
not helping destroy the patriarchy MOM
Bout to be 23 wit a Masters degree
I really enjoyed your article on A Wine Pilgrim's Progress!
Missing my bro already ..
See u soon kiddo
Happy Bday to !!!
Have a great day!!!

my polling place this am...
long lines but, delicious bundt cake.
In 2 yrs I'm going to operate a gourmet coffee/tea cart.
Capitalism!
I coslept for 6 months.
still cosleep sometimes when she's fussy :
guess why I smile.
Because its worth it
gosh not fair
Instagram The.DOPE.Side.Of.Iggy
Goal of the Day: The holidays are here.
Think carefully about what folks may wantremember it's the thought and not the  spent that counts.
Memorial Weekend is just around the corner!
For promotions  price quotes in Miami on Memorial Weekend, contact us here:...
Just stopped by dogfish head alehouse for an IPA and food..
Highly reccomend you stop in for food and beer..
3: Never remove content, no matter how hard.
sxswi commcenter Only removed racist comments.
RIGHT?
I'm totally hooked!
gov20 humor ; RT : just as an FYI  the status quo remark was a JOKE.
Haha well that was a really good idea!
:
Such a boring night 
WE WILL SEE
Andy Katz, Stacey Augmon, Reggie Minton.
Just shook all their hands in a period of five minutes.
Amazing event at
...Instead of trying to create the contact, accept the contact by using the defenders aggressiveness to your advantage.
Missionaries 100 years ago had great mustaches.
doctorgoverdose antidote is put in addicts' hands  Albany Times Union
MyLastWordsWillBe I need to meet !!!!
Ed is an amazing guy, I'm glad this partnership among the leaders may spur the build out of connectivity to the masses.
I am the Black Swan.
Two bachelorette parties this weekend.
I am STRESSIN.
Eight days and counting to 2011 Wisconsin State Fair  August 4  14.
Visit the Foundation Booth next to the Racing Pig Arena and enjoy a 
FAU and FIU here watching Dallas Moore and Nura Zanna, among others.
Peter Gash and Mark Lieberman here for the Sun Belt Schools.
killed it in tonight's CNN debates hopefully the majority wakes up from it's ignorance and votes for
inadvertent whistle inexplicable at that point.
Whistle didn't blow til he was gone.
Ref who blew it shld be fired
Between me and love, you're the common denominator 
Thanks!
Are you going to the Union v.
Schalke game by chance?
That's why I'm coming.
Hi Susan, thanks for the follow.
We hope you will join us for Green doctornks GSO on 9/21 at 5:30 at The Green Bean.
I've got the best seat in the house at cildc ...
b/t  !
What are the Best and Worst Aspects of your job?
Does she collect the lemon tree?
It is better to give someone my thoughts from the 'bottom of my heart' and NOT 'off the top of my head.'
Exactly.
The Bucs play teams with strong fan bases each year.
This year they sell out.
Fraud?
Saw this yesterday.
Last year people were calling him a bad investor.
Google should join the internet blackout
hell yea!
I hear the barrels are equally great!
right on!
keep up the good stuff, we are glad to have you all around
Yup !
: Staring at your phone to avoid an awkward situation
Went dancing last nite  burned the floor down!
We wore it out!
UFC on FOX 3 PostFight Press Conference  MMA Fighting
Your going to love the CD!
:
i passed 4 just not writing because that shit was stupid ..
I never tried lol
Only 1 day until the first League of Libations!
The first person to mention us in a tweet gets a FREE Large tshirt!
was probably tweeting.
;
Lubbock people!
Stay safe in this storm!!
Happy Holidays ...
Ring in a bountiful 2012!!
HI I LOVE YOU!
OKAY BYEE x Pie 3 :
I need to cuddle now!!!!!
Big S/O to for comin to
You may disagree on US politics, but you'll all be of one mind when it comes to other countries
lol what class you in
I was enjoying my day until you started with this crap

You may think you'll never get over it, but you also thought it would last forever.
Just joined Pinterest.
Cooks, how do you use it?
For finding recipes and/or cooking inspiration?
Is it better for mains or desserts?
Help!
RT : Good luck on the war on doctorgs
near water because its peaceful and comforting to me.
Everybody dies famous in a small town, 3 
Yes Cliffy is awesome!
I see it too.
I'll look into it.
BRB WHILE I DOWNLOAD MISTLETOE and upload to my ipod.
YEA BUDDY YEA.
: Sad to missing your class this evening !
Signed up but have rough project deadlines.
Going to see M83 tonight for my first experience at The Union Transfer and I couldn't be anymore stoked.
Interesting paper, where'd you find it?
Measure not the work until the days out and the labour done.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Wait.
She didn't tell her own mom that she changed jobs?
Good morning Farmers..come beat the morning gloom  come by to say Hi!
Two ZOLTAN jersey sightings at Livestrong.
Technology and computer sciences are the passion for countless people.
Join an online college education program to learn at any age...
I wanted it but i didnt have Tmobile.
grog had a bowl cut and chris spilled milk on his phones.
I liked the beading and that was about it.
Morning  welcome to NEW friends 
Work is the last place I wanna be right now
Much needed hump day stress relief from my fav Jewish pal.
Much love, Herschel
Girl!
I'm SO nervous!!
I'll be checking Twitter ALL day!
Got done with homework for tomorrow
Just watched ur new video!
Wow!!!!
U r a straight beast in the gym!
Keep posting, and get on twitter some more :
When it comes to relationships, i don't have a clue.
im confused too.
What did she do?
Jealous, make us proud : Off to meet !
1st time I've worn a business suit in years.
bet u look 
had a great time, next you guys need to come have a beer in my neighborhood
HFC recently traveled to Mongolia to meet with the administration of the Mongolian University of Science and Technology.
3rd and 10 Brady sacked OMG...what's in store in the last 39 secs
she's special what can I say lol.
Tremendo package and bargain.
Two in one :P
Just Finished Watching Vinny's Ustream !!
Made my Life :D I Love The Castronovo's 3
Nighttiming on repeat.
Who really needs new music, anyway?
What's your favorite Social Media Management System?
Great editorial in the Star Tribune today about Voting No!!!
DELETE THE PICTURE NOW!!!!
This show is flawless!
I love it!!
i know...
The good thing is that there are no buses where i live...
I live right by the highway
New Jersey Nets 69 Milwaukee Bucks 73 End Of 3rd nets bucks nba
Happy Bday to Frank the Tank boom!
Last night after rehearsal it was so nice to see the dtla streets packed with so many art lovers for artwalk.
Were any of you there?
Can we get to 500 Followers today?
Any RT's in the next few hours are really appreciated!
Flips practice was awesome!
Love those babes!
Now time to get dolled up for Eva Grub  Koshanski's Concertina Bar!!
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness
maybe it is time we follow each other 
I just heard 's new song.
It's totally my theme song!
Bad ass Hammerjacks shirt
Yay!
Totally follow me.
I tweet really important updates about reality TV.
It's fun.
And important.
best city in spain!
IknowRight , I wanna play vball competitively too ...
Omg that was Soo funny.
Cause I was Onna phone witchu the night that happen 
Good to know, thanks!
cc:
GSA Administrator Johnson is talking about the awesome work GSA is doing around sustainability...check it out!
I swear , I could never get tired of Family Guy xD
It's one thing to have theological beliefs that we apply to ourselves.
It's another thing to allow our beliefs to destroy relationships.
a ghost is controlling my computer right now.
I hope the doctorft Mercilus or Nick Perry.
Would be OK with either.
Who are you thinking ?
August 13 Bout To Be Live Me, Dontrell, Zaquan, Montev'yon And Hostin Aye Back To School Party At Park Spring Addoctorss: 24110 Park Gwen doctor
Wow, wesley used the dogs shampoo!
Ha.
feat WeGoingHard on repeat...
I love dancing off this song I wish can shoot my video : soon
YOUR doctorAMS HAVE JUST CAME TRUE LMFAOOOO ..
yeah!
mee2 i was just like u, evan when doctorke sing: Hi, I'm Tune, the man on the moon...
This is so wrong.
It proves that Jobs was wrong all along.
Maybe Apple will save itself by putting Flash on the iPhone.
Final Friday, Reds game, Princess  the Pea, Emery opening, experimental film Cincy's got it going on.
: Pessimist: Aww my glass is empty  Optimist: Aww my glass is half full  Me: Yay, room for more vodka!
If that woulda made it 
Happy Earth Day!
70yearold chemical mystery solved: How tropolone are synthesized in fungi
for every dark night there's a brighter day
I'll take some of those Tums!
Bro, that was epoch!
mister johnson....damn
Spring has been a powerful catalyst for my spiritual growth and development
am i invisible?
Thanks, I won't turn my dial aka close my app.
Let us fix our eyes on Jesus, the author and perfecter of our faith, who for the joy set before him endured the cross...
Just thought someone tried to break in!!!
No.
We pick the site we visit in advance.
it was a video that a friend made when his grandson was born, super sweet!
And yes, the crying was cathartic.
:
An organization's ability to learn, and convert that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive edge.
via , RIP Davy Jones.
Look what you've done to me, me and my whole world.
I'm back on twitter!
you may doctormatically gasp now.
First day of Spring!
Nice snow flurries to kick off the season!
what u doing:?
He said he wanna be the best I ever had and I said you can't because I haven't had the best yet!!
I'm so mean lol
sweet doctorams!
Lol
Can't help but stop and watch a bit of Rep.
Giffords resignation today...
Pulls the heartstrings
If it's not right, it's trash.
BOOM!
Feeling inspired.
Time to write a new song?
I think yes :
La Jolla Half Marathon Weather Forecast: 7:30 am cloudy skies, 56 degrees, light wind 5 mph.
Happstr is in the Startupbus semifinals!!!!
Great work from all the teams who have bustedbutt over the last few days!
3
Cocktails with and 's mom.
thanks for the tip!
ItCanAlwaysBeWorse although doesn't always seem like that when you're in the middle of the mess.
Hang in there God loves you!
Woohooo 1MILLION y.t.
video views!
Thanks for mentioning!!
:
you're one strong lady if I've ever known one : keep your head up all your hard work will pay off!
Happy Star Wars Day!
May the 4th be with you.
3
Not going to lie, I put on my orange OSU gear when was tied for the lead at Glad to see him grind it out.
can i do anything to make you smile?: i don't like seeing you sad or upset 3
RT : It's finally May!
yayy :
July 11th  Market: Adam Helwin performs at noon, MKE Riverkeeper, Habitat for Humanity, GRNMKE and Mamasita's tamales join the mix.
Facebook leaves too much room to let the wrong people to know what your doing lmao it's like an open invitation for blackmail lol
can this please end Wednesday?
thank you and a shout out hi too
lol that's what i said
None I really do is personal cause I'm always handling business.
ohh yeah u got urs from wow.
I gotta get mine at gamestop tonight at midnight and im prolly not goin to sleep tonight
That was fun.
We shouldn't have played last, though.
Get In Touch With Your Family!!!!
Hoping all this fitness pays off tomorrow, playing wing back again!!
I rehearsed for the documentary I'm acting in on Friday and will film this week.
It's finally warming up a little here in SF  at least for now!
:
the show Firefly.
Check it out.
Wowzer
Maaaaannnnnnn my bad homie!
I swear I be doing a 100 things at one time all over the place!
Simi ADHD!
LOL!
I got u.
OMS!
makes me think of dirk
Love that it's on vimeo.
I'll definitely watch it this weekend.
I mean...
I do have an animated history with cruise ships.
P
Intellectual property will define the shift age
I'm already rich...one day I'll have money too!
I know what you mean!
I so need to get out of this country, it's rubbish, and all the people I wonna meet don't even live
You can't be serious.
Did you really think I'd do something like that?
Never settle for what's just in front of you when there's something beautiful waiting for you just around the corner!
thanks
i, on the other hand, am mad and not feeling kind to you.
we will miss you dearly!
WELCOME TO GOOD BURGER, HOME OF THE GOOD BURGER, CAN I TAKE YOUR ORDER??
Wow, she is aggressive.
Oomf is lazy straight up .
Meet Glen Case from Kristoff Cigars at Signature Cigars DC store on Sat Oct 15th from 1pm to 5pm  box specials  more!
That's for the birds
ZOMG.
The Rangers have tied it up with 6 seconds left in the game.
We're going to OT.
Thought: rewrite the lyrics of The New Pornographers' My Shepherd as a song about Mass Effect titled My Shepard.
Writer have been borrowing from one another, intentionally and unintentionally
I fill like shit I'm sitting on the couch sick but still got to go to school for softball practice I hope I make it
You are welcome!
RT Thanks for following
Wisconsin's DLAC recommendations on target share course content Creative Commons via statewide sharing environment
Great call today with
Bartending at the mansion tonight
follow back ?::
I'm in the Office for Community and Diversity.
msexton.
Shoot me an email  I'll reply w/contact info and copy a colleague.
Cold and lonley
This morning I got to sleep in  I haven't been able to sleep in any day since February
Welcome everyone!
Does anyone else remember the fake MTV band 2gether?
U  Me  Us!
Where am I getting all these foreign followers?
??
Wow, cool Stephen.
Never visit me anymore :
love it!
lunchies soon please!!
Like in the last champion ligue he was absolutely amazing
Rod Blagojevich off to prison and still claiming that he believed his actions were legal.
YOLO
Happiness is made, not found.
If you want to be happy, you must create it yourself...
For all of the Peyton Manning speculations, no one saw Vick  Asomugha signing w/ the Eagles.
Expect the unexpected.
Thx for hosting this am's YPWeek chat re:nonprofessorts  volunteering.
Hope I helped  ppl got good nuggets!
Don't worry, she'll be okay, I know it, if she's anything like you, she's strong and amazing.
Have faith, Stay positive.
:
Yum!
Just had the perfect summer treat !
Come get your blazers ladies, it's going to be a cold weekend!
Great day with family at Church.
Looking forward to week 1 of the Courageous study at 530 pm at GCC.
Ever since I went to the inaugural year at Miller Park, I have had a fiery hatred for the Brewers.
There seems to be a flash of lightning every 30 seconds
Never hurts to text back lol
Thanks for following us!
Scrambles, Pancakes, Rancheros, Live Parfaits, Mimosas, Bloody Marys  much more At Blossoming Lotus Sunday Brunch www.budurl.com/BLBrunch
Pedi sounds fantastic!
I need to schedule myself a spa day soon.
I think they have chemistry.
i cant either!
:
eek!
Sorry all!
I'm here for the last bit!
Will get caught up now...
Your forgot new Devo!
And doctorke!
Either, I'm sure.
RT : Really?
I'm always on the lookout for great pulled pork.
Wet or doctor BBQ?
real talk.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO KEITH.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!
:D
your wish is our command!
make sure all locks on doors r locked..close the blinds peek once..
hope no1 saw..
;
I don't want you to die, but if you do I think death by peanut butter cups would be a good way to go.
CoSign.
RT : Thanks to many fine Chicago establishments for overserving me: Funky Buddah, Public House, Epic, McFaddens.
My pleasure, Brad.
Thanks for the wonderful tweets.
It is sad to grow old but nice to ripen.
Brigitte Bardot
I wonder if the baby jesus' mother had morning sickness???
you are really nice.
I was jking!
Love you:
we hear u are having a gr8 time in the islands.
Do they make paninis in the carribean?
Hope to meet you when U R back N Seattle
yum.
Hoping the spicy gets baby Cohen on his way to this world.
you are soo inspiring!!
Damn....
seems like everybody having a party 2nite
fab!
Can't wait to get a copy when I'm in CT next week!
Thank u for featuring!
If only she knew lmao funny
how is making the wrong call the 'right thing'?
Clearly checked his swing.
Ump just wanted to be part of a perfect game.
It really sucks to cry your self to sleep
I need to organize my twitter lists.
Or, at least make some.
Good game today griz!
Now dinner with the second fam.
Thanks Wolf, you taught me alot about security and IT.
Will always keep one eye on you, Ed, Mike and the Munder Capital crew.
is one of my favorite verses :
It's ALWAYS a PARTY : RT : thanks Diane!!
Hope you have some fun stuff planned for the weekend :
its warm as ffucckkk, time to work off that winter gut!
shadowy global enterprise?
wonder how many minutes you spent pondering the authenticity of that little discursive regime.
Once you get a CTR of at least about 1.50, switch your ad to CTM great advice!
son...RT : LMAOOO RT : Yo if my dick taste like chocolate, my shit would be gone.
I like chocolate, b
I HAVE A DOG FOR YOU....PIX ARE UP ON MY fb ..REQUEST ME AND YOU CAN SEE THEM...
Are you gonna start playing at KT's?
:
A website that automatically plays music or needs to load is as outdated  terrible as slavery
Radiation is officially kicking my a.
Skin is redhot burnt and I am bone tired.
Thank goodness only 5 treatments left.
noted.
How's your NYE going?
Don't lose your honesty tha world gon love u for that......
He's got game, but Bieber crossing him up last year was pretty priceless.
ugh ugh ugh wtf
that 13.25 is huge in this wind.
I did my LR Fri.
to avoid it.
Congrats !
aw I feel the same way :
RT : First inch of rain at Reagan National yesterday since Feb.
29 when 1.44 fell, still 3.97 for the year
Telecommunications is todays business.
It can give you a monthly recurrent professort.
Come partner with us.
Contact:
only missing one ingredient for great...
her kindasorta Cherokee Indian has me saying foul.
:
Yeah.
I didn't expect that ggl would get FB to let them in on their turf that easily, but I don't think Twitter overlaps that much
New Orleans is waiting for you!
Studies show that CEO's who use SM are more in touch  does the ED of your museum use SM?
no volume on the website while is talking.
Weird stat: Celtics are 51 w/o Allen or Rondo, but 34 w/ Allen and w/o Rondo.
I moss you more!!!
A big congratulations to my number one boy,
Whoa, that's not good!
so miss the smell of pinonhere in Nanjing it's
supportlocalmusic Live till 5.
Blocks of a few local bands.
Tune in
Love getting this late at night, after the club :P from my love  RT Ur gonnnaaa get it cabrona!
;
I'd Vote for her based entirely on her amazing hair.
Just saying....
Hey you should tell all your friends to like us and The Last Troubadour!!!!
Thanks so much for the RT!!
In line to listen to the Dalai Lama addoctorss our group of businessmen, educators, students, and entrepeneurs.
in ESPN's own words, it's carrying the national discussion.
That's why they don't talk about the NHL
Yes!!
This is excellent.
I'm desperate to get my hands on one of these older editions.
Nothing can explain this feeling.
But I love it.!!
My gf's grandma's house with their dogs.
Hey!
Great to hear from you!
How are you!
What's new?
ManU got 2 in stoppage time to win '99 Champions League, but they only needed 1 for extra time.
City needed both!
Should WI fans be concerned about the coaching changes and lack of commits so far?
There are two types of baguettes: the Ficelle and the Baguette Rustique.
Firehook's baguette is the Rustique.
You just got served!
;0
More important...horse or jockey?
Lerse and I checking out Jon Lovitz at Pitt Improv
Offshore getting paid 24hrs smh can't get no better then dis
: get into it!
Excited 4 the summer!
Four months to go!!
this is beautiful
Oh goodness.....
Barely eating lunch at school, then stuffing your face with food when you get home
Happy Valentine's Day to you all.
It's a day of sharing the love whether it be a romantic partner, a family member,  definitely loving YOU!
Phone interview is over.
Still shaking out the nerves, but I think I did a pretty good job.
Nice to see CSI still alive.
Gym Flow
holy shit this thunder is fierce.
pix or it didn't happen.
;
That ride is amazing wish i could have seen yall this week
Anything good on tv tonight?

best follow yet!
two words ThankYou or 4 words
My sons morning tantrum was abt t little plastic thing that holds mens shirts folded inside t bag, J found 1 n it broke  I need 2 get more
at the gym.
GTL.
Why are you happy?:
I been investing
i might be a couple minutes late to the ustream: DONT START THE PARTY WITHOUT ME.
motive?
too cynical to think prescription filling and impulse purchases while waiting to see the doc?
CHECK OUT TWEETS TO PROOVE IT!x LOOK AT THE PICS THEY SHOW THE TRUTH!!x
are you still messing w/ your laces?
If so, stop!
: How old are your shoes?
Have you been running a lot on hills?
Hey come get on dis train wit willow Brittany
Looking forward to being there w on Tues.
RT : Students!
Let us help you get ready for the
Cousin hung up, OWELL !
I received good words.
from Seagraves I miss those days.
Those games were crazy!
add the post game and him hitting mid range jumpers with his now apparent tear doctorp runner hahahahahahah LBJSWAG
blow up today on twitter...
Thank you Kim Kardashian
Need Mothers day gifts?!
Hit up MY mom to get yours some gorgeous handmade custom jewelry!
It's buy one get one half hit up
As I said
The truth can hurt, but not as much as the lie that you've been telling yourself for so long.
you look gorgeous
It's a wrap with no Shump...
Like omfg you guise:D i can't wait until i hear Justin's song with doctorke3 afvadhkfc;like about fucking time my 2 babys make a song together
Happy 40th Birthday Jill!!!
D
RT : appreciate the follow ...my pleasure!
Why won't twitter load u fag
I'm never around because I enjoy my own company JustBeingHonest  XavierLT.com
I know I've been trying to eat healthier and all, but I just inhaled some carrot sticks with ranch dip and then bitesize brownies.
Cindy Selfe suggests that social media may be just such an open deliberative spacethere is no terminus like publish the book
Ready for vampirediaries Love it!
Goes to show you there's no such thing as home ice advantage.
CAPS!
Oh the Irony of watching red carpet arrivals online with Fox banner in background because Fox is showing football still instead.
I'll have some please.
Guys, I'm at a book store for the first time in forever.
I may never leave.
It is free unless u connect to multiple desktops RT mlamobiletech pocket cloud must ck out
hey your team played good last night.
That was a great game.
The way a championship should be.
Just passed a Church Sign that said, Where will you be sitting, smoking or nonsmoking?
Epic lol
he followed me already!
another day another dollar ambition isn't just a word over here it's a way of LIFE!
Sorry peoplethis actually isnt Steve but something new
Peyton Manning's statement on ESPN made me tear up and want to give him a hug.
It'd be a lot easier if he went to the 'Phins.
The joy of weeding: If it says cyberspace on the cover, it has to go.
i love music
I thought you could use a little inspiration :
wish I was still going to formal with tonight but since I'm unwanted at rucker, have fun everyone.
Tyler Perry's House of Payne
when my lung coordinator calls..
thinking transplant time..
Our Scary Asses Lol RT: : I cried when I saw the first paranormal activitylmao me too
time?
or is this opening party?
This is becoming comical.
You can tell the ref is new.
casting A great event for the entertainment industry  Talent
We're excited: 1st Annual Scholarship Brunch to be hosted by Inspirational Radio AM 1390 host Blakey on 4/28.
More info 2 come!
My Song is Better Than Yours: George Killian, Jr, Bruce Springsteen Radio Nowhere vs.
Erica Corsano, Radiohead Fake Plastic Trees.
no kidding.
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
At the dog park on a beautiful afternoon and there's nobody here.
WTFuckery?!
how much did you get pictures?
We have two new foster dogs  Newton and Ginger.
Check them out on our web page under the Foster Dogs tab!
Here's one for you leftbrainers: Which number contains all vowels, repeats no letters and has no 'y' in it?
...
Hey Duders and Duderettes!
As we all prepare for our appointments on this fine Thursday, remember that the early bird always gets the worm!
Turning on the data hose after a few weeks off twitter....supply me with content internet people
thanks for the follow, looking forward to your tweets
This show is OC
Aw damn..
Tami shouldve beat that ass, but iGuess she had to be tha bigger woman!
yeah.
I'm pretty sure I forgot how to play today.
New it wasn't good when I hit a 100 yd lob wedge and spun it back 36 feet
You're welcome!
Glad you like it!
:
thanks for the play.
You rock!
It was great to hear!
got you bro
I can't let this beautiful day totally pass by without getting some fresh air.
I'm going for a walk.
can u do it for me?
hahah!
That's like me with spanish!
talk with of about an interactive map.
things are getting better.
Personally I have more work today than in the last two years.
I use to hang with John Torturo at starbucks on 7th n 1st in Dark Slope Brooklyn.
Hes there all the time!
Why does Anthony Davis wear a mouth piece?
What is he protecting??
Then again this isn't so bad either
Damn they wasnt lien when they said life is short
yes : unfortunate, i start this junior year this Wednesday!
pretty unusual
Thanks for coming in !
RT for lunch with family.
Delicious as always!!
writing synopses is easily one of my least favorite things.
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
Jealous that is in Aspen working the xgames .....
I WANT A COOL JOB!
I'm good and getting ready to go to work, how about u?
Oh sweetie...RT hobble on popcorn foot
Why am I at work right now?
It's gorgeous out.
I need to be laying on a beach somewhere...
Brewers give up 13 and Manny Parra didn't give up any of them?
Shake it off, tomorrow is a new day.
Only holding me back Oprah I have a show I need Oprah Golden touch to be on your network it helps so many talents
Ramsey vs Conan!
Once You Show A MF That You DON'T Need Them Watch How They All Of A Sudden Be On Yo Ass .
Up at the eye doctor.
I think a manipedi should follow.
Life is a choice but death is a decision
Go Tigers!
Such a fan thanks to :
don't forget the BBQ
Excellent!!!
Thanks TweetHeart :
gotta love instructional billboards
haha your a funny guy
Come up lakers what's this shit you can't win on the road!
just saw an advanced screening at the Arclight Hollywood..
loved it...
super goo movie!!!
I don't know how to run my new washing machine, I'll wait for to get home to show me.
:/// that suckss i was out celebrating Last night
Oh snap!
I can't imagine the mad scramble that must be launch day.
Thanks for all the hard work!
Distractions....you can determine whether or not they distract YOU!
they were all my ideas your just acting too fast lmao
that's whats up preach.
Turning 18 was the BEST thing to ever happen to Justin.
Jerry, shirtless photoshoots, all around hotness.
and on FB people are saying that UNESCO supported the creation of this game...
thanks for following...appreciate it!
CHECK!!
LOL!
: Any girl you can make pornos with...
Go head and keep her
RT : excited for this morning's live reports from preps with !
Hope you join us starting at 7 AM!
so ready to start getting paychecks again
Marketing is making friends for your company
I figured.
Blew him up once.
We should figure out a code word.
Great chat, though.
WANNA READ BUT JUST NOT ABOUT BOMBS
Thanks for the RT!
So close to home...
wish I was back in ny but looking forward to my bed.
w/ 24 others
Had not heard about this...
I can see wanting ONE published copy of the book as a keepsake, but multiple copies?
To sell??
Yes.
1346 Belmont.
email me whenever you would like to swing by.
yes!
My nails feel pretty ;
WE ARE WHO WE WILL BE...
This world tries to say who we are but God has filled our hearts with what we were born to be Continued next tweet
I followed her.
;
Rt if u will always support Selena Maria Gomez
she look like someone u want to have her arm around ya?
ctfu
I am a bomb technician.
If you see me running, try to keep up.
Alrighty, i will!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Cheers.
Hi Noah, please follow back!!
:
marry people
Somethings wrong w/google.
It won't sms me the weather.
What can you do about that?
Can you do something about that?
Thanks for LIKING us, Rashawn Smith and Kewana Duett!
How'd you hear about us?
RT Teacher: Back in the days, we didn't have internet.
Me: Well that's just too bad for you.
Rumor has it that is going to kick me down some Apple stock as a late birthday present!
hahaha
Let me know what you think of it.
Going to HG next weekend once I'm officially on spring break :
Lemon, don't try to be cute, you're too old for that.
Dear Twitter, Why would I ever be interested in following ??
Thanks, but no thanks!
Hey Lebron, you should take your talents to Hollywood.
Your acting career would probably flourish better there
lol love that show..the American version too.
How have you been?
Feeling okay?
re: Finally thinking about getting a computer.
Wait a while longer, in the near future thoughts will be much faster.
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst!
His work is absolutely superb!
What if this time I don't say hi first?
Or text you back?
What if this time you're the one left feeling completely unsure this time?
Gonna cook up some kinako mochi...
:
TY.
Perusing your sites now!
YES.
I need to up my 6 followers...still learning.
Gimme a week or 2
Fellow sociologists/anthropologists: Has anyone done an ethnography in the SF Unified School District?
Pls share any references.
Ok tour of social media.
But I would like to talk much more about application.
such handsome boys0 x
wanna know the secret, guess its how you time the shit.
yeah I kind of do that with Pointandshoot cameras, I want to touch the screen to go to the next image.
Damn, Apple!
:
A guy who was caught masterbating in the sauna 4 years ago just came back to the gym I work at.
Let's see what happens!!
Thanks so much!
You two are funny!
I'm having fun with this too, it's so fun to discuss a current read w someone also reading it
I've been at Expotential 10 min and I'm already a mess!
Powerful stories being shared!!!
Take me next time you go.
Please.
just read a great quote: good moms have sticky floors, dirty ovens  happy kids.
true that!
well, my oven is clean cause i do take out.
You don't have to believe in Santa to give.
Stop, look, and listen give a little to those in needbecause you believe in kindness.
hit that one on the nail!
Full of epsom salts from WORKING OUT too much...
RT You know, dudes can take baths too.
There ain't nuthin wrong with that...
Contd...
cildc f105 I'm assuming you don't want them checking in on foursquare?
we could hang around this town forever making plans but there won't ever be a better time to take this chance...
A 2011 Scientific Research study by ETScience LLC proves my DipNRipSticks Tackling Technique lowers helmet first impact by 43.
I really don't like store bought taco shells.
you're welcome :
I know you like coffee come and experience latte upon opening follow me to find out when and where.
We can discuss your heels??
You should take more time to do the upper / lower case.
You're a doctorbble pro but you already knew that.
Keep up the jawdoctorpping work!
hm,, not seen mine and laurens obsession yet:/ hope to see it soon3.
when you're ready to by that house let me know so I can hook you up with an agent who knows there stuff!
Much success!
have a great trip!
I can do pdf.
I can import it into iBooks.
Doesn't have the cool page turning look, but it's certainly readable.
:
3rd wrong way crash in a week!
3 cars involved in this one on LSD at Roosevelt.
Road back open now, but 3 people in the hospital.
and agree that content is more important to your website's success than being pretty.
Thanks!
I appreciate it.
Waiting for spartacus to start
that's ok man !
There's plenty of girls who would kill to be with you right now!
Wish I was that lucky
holy crap, lady!
thats a lot of Amazonin'!
i agree
I have so much I could say to you, but I'd rather you not know.
OMG!
John Told me to follow you
In my case, the union is the only thing that allows me to put my students' needs before my boss's comprehension set.
Wish mine was cancelled!
10000 RT : Twitter is not a broadcast medium.
Engage.
frowns i sorry....
smiles here!
holds up another oreo For Superman Ty!
really dig your work...
Great stuff...
Let me know if your ever down in FL and well set something up...
I hope is not back for the third season of I don't think I can deal with her cattiness again.
so i think its time we watch Leprechaun In the Hood LOL
should librarians teach young adults cultural sensitivity?
Using Zotero to create bibliography.
Many typos in metadata.
Assume this is an entry issue or oversight, yes?Crowdsourced proofreading?
omg!
you're working!
better stop now or you're going to have ID sugarplum doctorams tonight :
We're glad we could help you celebrate.
Could you also tell we still have his red hat here.
Sir riding the CTA give me the leather jacket youre wearing I've been looking for it everywhere
So so so much.
x.x;; But it's all good.
I got to see the twins and male vocalist from Cruxshadows and the Ghost Hunter guys.
I just finished a 3.13 mi run with a pace of 10'53/mi and a time of 34:06 with Nike GPS.
Excited about using new Neutral Density filter!
you mean white don't win the Klan jumps in...
Last scene night tomorrow.
Man I'm going to miss everyone.
Thanks.
Just curious, I'm in the middle of book 1.
Wanted to read it all before I watched.
Do you like the HBO series?
watching man vs wild.
At Va Beach
Your welcome brotha!!
Let me know about rusty and ash
Would really love your help on a pinterest question.
Can you follow and I'll DM?
Congratulations new graduates!!!
I feel like a rebel why?
Cause were jumping the fence to get into the play ground??me yeah...
haha ohwell :
Hi Alicia!
Hope you have a great weekend : You wrote some great stuff this week.
Ride the Beat Tour Official afterparty cohosted by  Tonite
I would have to agree with that one.
I am so excited for my up coming events  my freelance makeup business is taking off : blessed good things to come
George Clooney spotted filming in downtown Cincinnati!
John Travolta may soon learn that not every story has a happy ending.
that's good to know!
I think SSDs are a real advantage over MBP.
MBAs due btwn april and june they're saying..
Congratulations to for having his music seent to VH1!
After ol' boy got arrested...how many people still participated in that StopKony event yesterday ?
lol
We are to close of a family..
Halfway Through The Week!
Make a Decision By Friday On How Much To Increase Your 401K Contributions and Plan a More Robust Retirement Today!
fighting the good fight man.
Hopefully.
Don't want to realize I'm a stormtrooper.
Looks like you are doing well man.
if you are playing Skyrim as a melee YOU ARE DOING IT WRONG.
STOP.
Equip a bow IMMEDIATELY.
And never take it off.
EVER.
if you want to help the poor, one of the worst things you can do is be one of them
From the place that I was to the man I've become, I'll be there to see the tower you fall from.
Happy Mothers Day 3 love you momma.
Now, dealers, do not blame me if the women get after you.
I should take care of these errands but THE RESULTS ARE IN.
If all my shifts were patio I'd never complain
Defenitely gonna be chillin with this weekend.
i don't have the attention span for studying.
So excited the fabulous is going to be one of my bridesmaids!!!
teamworkiscool bridefabulous :
Sometimes you wake up at one PM and you're out of bread and you just don't know what you're doing with your life
Late night studying....finals will soon be over.
Then summer and room to BREATHE.
Everyone loves that feeling, am I right : ??
invitation sent!
doctornking our dark roast at the moment...
L'amerloque  our American almost French Roast!
my Mom's FAVORITE
Life has meaning merely if one barters it day by day for anything other than itself.
Follow me!
hahahaha!
I mean, it's not funny.
But pretty funny story...
And I would LOVE to star trip with you guys again!
Thanks for the follow keep up the good work
: Hi IamWARGHOST, thanks for following me here on Twitter :o no problem..
your channel is cool..
My youngest is not feeling well today.
PLEASE REPLY.
I think im following a poser!
Do you have a personal twitter account?!
Love your singing!
3
I've been icing my belly button for about an hour..
I'm going to get it pierced now.
Oh no!
Come back to us.
thanks and go bucks!
we heard it's great!
RT Anyone been to African Elephant Crossing?
Excited to go on a sunny day  see it.
I have the rare and humble pleasure to be receiving a copy of Galaxy Express 999 today.
Long live Toei!
computer party with vanessa holla
They'll need to get there by the end of the sixth inning at least.
Friday can't come soon enough!!!
another thing, when or if i get a bf, i need a guy who is like me, goofy,funny,laid back,down to earth, and of course cares for me and DGAF
work.work.work.morework.
love it.
Start your weekend of right , New Format, New DJ's, Great doctornkspecials, BottomlessCup 2nite, open 9pm to 3am, Fantastic tunes
LOVE blurb books and would love to win one but I dont have an iphone.
RT Want to win your own 60page, hardcover Instagram book?
Physical environment is big factor that influences how we interact with each other
was looking for a word that has escaped, so I googled what's it called when you  Google autocompleted, ...eat yourself.
hm...ok.
I think I'm the funniest person I know.
Shake a Fist by Hot Chip, you live in the same country as them now
Honeymoon Hike on Kauai, Hawaii: Ke39;e Beach
Are you going to replay your favorite superbowl spots tomorrow morning?
Always fun to hear esp.
with commentary.
:
JEFFKING OF FANTASY!
Camp?
Naaa RT Was not aware of that.
Got a feeling he might be seeing more snaps.
Really?
Microsoft's product is the only one without an XP compatible native client.
How does that even make sense.
The tie b/t killinggame  Beertowndpdc ?
The meteorite of course!
Karine  the staff of the Beertown Observatory would be proud.
Thanks for sharing our infographic, The Psychology of Color!
goodnight love u
Exciting plans  news coming for our Dance is the Answer project, Entwine!
it's a chocolate biscuit!
Not just A biscuit!;
Hope everybody is having a nice weekend!
Has anyone seen the new Sherlock Holmes movie?
Find the seed at the bottom of your heart and bring forth a flower.
Shigenori Kameoka
Music is the cure
on...now it's time to get ready!
Yeah, those are a good ones.
And I know the series editors for both of those, so I could probably have 'em chat w/my class.
TY DA
Now Back up, put the gun down, and give me a pack of Tropical Fruit Bubblicious.
And some skittles Mike and Marcus Bad Boys
it's good other then school: that can suck at times
SPITTING on someone is the BIGGEST form of DISRESPECT.
: If there's anything I can do to help pub the Wisco Ad tracking project on our site beyond linking let me know?
Lulz, I love you hunter!!
You too, Benjy :
Bing are doing an amazing job setting up the Rocketspace party.
SXSW12 starts at 4pm
A bit tired today but so much to do.
Maybe lunch will help!
Boycott shampoo!
Demand the REAL poo!
Sales tax in Hawaii is about 4.
Guess who just bought a MacBook Air?
that's awesome I wish I had a dude for that !!!
Our team just got back from Canada and is now heading to Mexico on another adventure.
Titanic 3D with mister !
Does it still sink ?
Don't 4get the coffee!
RT : Lets do this!!
15minoffiya!
Adversity introduces a man to himself
Hey What is your email addoctorss?
Thanks for following!
Love your jewelry, and your mission.
go puck yourself TREND THIS NOW.....
RETWEET
Nine days in and feeling fine!
I am looking for the songs for my dance classes....
Is Stank Pussy the new Bad Daddy??
I have a meeting with an Agency on Wednesday.
Wish me lots of luck!
So true.
I'm a little old school on this.
Jeans to me says  lets get this over because I am ready for the weekend.
I never do this, but FF to my fav advisee ever,  can't wait to catch up this weekend!
sorry man, I like for my friends to be paid.
There is a Fulltime Clinical Instructor position available at the Universities at Shady Grove  UMBC Social Work Program.
goodideasforcities We should probably be friends.
It appears we are both awesome.
My hamstrings and buttocks muscles are so sore.
I over did it again at the gym last night.
Thanks, we gotta keep thinking...
Second only to breathing...
um no.
lol right.
I'm just giving you a hard time.
Woo hoo!
First job of the new year booked for United Airlines.
Multicam with multiple DPs.
Isn't that what Life is Beautiful tried to be?
Please pray for the 3200 people in Bernalillo county without natural gas and all of those without warm, safe housing.
Obama2012 RT : Samesex couples should be able to get married.President Obama
Yes, pass the word on and you should follow us!
I think I'ma go to school during 6th period so I could play softball  Then cg after school 
I feel like a girl when i say mistera right ?!.
Heard good things about the HTC Thunderbolt.
ugh , still taking these twists out
The one you love and the one who loves you are never ever the same person....
No movie that comes out this summer will be better than The Avengers..that will be my comparison movie for years to come, it was Dark Knight
i'm sorry i didnt get an email from you!
thanks for all the great tips on the LinkedIn and Twitter webinar.
Glad you're in Columbus as well.
Instagram is so addicting
GM!
I'm getting ready for sunday's sermon, I love church :!!!
My weeks even be better.
Have a good day tweeps
Plus, network to cable access?
Tom's contract talent!: me the sidekick to Gray TV?
I'll pass.
I want my own show.
i remember when i couldn't stop listening to Can't Have You and Turn Right i just simply love them so much
Of course!
I mean, one of the most awesome guys ever  music  pizza?
Sounds like a pretty sick night ;D
thank you!
:
OK, I've shared my favorite styles with the world.
Let me know what you think!
hurry le up
: I DON'T HAVE TO BE SKINNY TO BE BEAUTIFUL ...
we need a realityshow 
: Need advice from What do you do when you miss a workout?
Make it up the next day?yah
shut up Dick, go talk about the fing tankees.
In a crafty mood
yup, simplest option out there I could find.
OneThingIDontLike is when fat people won't get off their butts to bring me food....
Doubt he would come here though.
This state is the shittiest state ever.
I hate living over here.
WHY CANT I LIVE IN CALI.
I cant wear maxi skirts because theyre too short on me
So you are a fan of the KoolAid Man?
Holy shit Romanian boys are the sexiest boys
I like eating soup.
It tricks me into thinking I'm in a ski lodge and winter isn't over yet.
awesome...
Where'd you go and how was it?
Ready for a glass of wine...
BABES CABARET SUNDAY MARCH 14TH FIRST RBHIP HOP NIGHT THERE EVER !!
THROWN BY YOURS TRULY ..
MY BOY SWAG IS SHOOTING VIDEO
can.
not.
wait.
we will need a major team debriefing...
Bought a wristband at Hot Topic today.
Wearing it under my wristbands.
My arm feels the love.
when do you guise go back to skool
Hi Denise!
:D
I tip my hat to all the mothers that work at flower stores on mother's day.
This one goes out to you.
one day, when I grow up, I hope to have a majestic beard like you.
Hey!
I love that smell.
Helps me fall asleep!
RT : hi chica!!
Lavender oil!
..the end.
You have to be happy about that  I'm sure you didn't appreciate Cena bleeding but Lesnar was bleeding too lol.
yes ma'am we do!
I miss you!
Just let me know when and where :
Have found yet another way to tweet...from my doctorid.
I'm a little slow.
Get Austin Mahone Verified comee one!!
My bad for giving a fuck..
More painful: stubbing one's toe or Joe Buck's game coverage
Having fun in Dallas, but have a sick puppy at home.
Very upsetting to know that our vet has been giving him inadequate care.
its means they are getting traded for Andoctorw bailey
What's your fave album?
RT : Thank you for donating a 42 flat screen to Officer Vrtochnik  Dan for the 500 check
Not generally a fan of 3D movies but can't wait to see Herzog's 3D documentary of the 30,000yearold cave artwork at Chauvet.
Tropical nose?
As in sunburnt?
you do care!
:
STFU NIGGA I WENT TO SLEEP..
What a beautiful day!
Uh huh.
MT : POLITICO sponsored debate One debate of many didn't influence choice of Sept.
7 joint addoctorss, Carney said
How is it exactly these people threaten you?
lol well I you not doin nothing after you graduate you will breeze through the masters program here
New look for Christmas lights fund  Exmouth Journal New look for Christmas lights fund Exmouth Journal The Exmouth Christmas Lights grou
Kristin shot JR......
I think
in other news, my bracket is totally blown up!
at least my final four is still intact...
What do I do when I see someone EXTREMELY GORGEOUS?
I stare, I smile  when I get tired, I put the mirror down!
;
gdhshddbdndnfngbsahjaidfj my life what is it lol
Major client on the cover of today.
What can our social media do for you?
u okay?
I hope my leg heals before graduation.
Yes!
The women in our lives are so important!
collegetaughtme how to have sex to get a new couch...
Rained out again.
The kids are having a very slow start to the soccer season.
My teams name is Kickin it for Cancer because I support cancer research with Relay for Life
I wish I could speak whale
Bitch You Need To Text Me 
There is a special place in hell for people who recline their seat all the way back in coach it'shardbeingtall
Jessica Chastain, wow
I still don't get how someone walks into a propeller and it is someone else' fault
Love you too!
Who's coming out to see us perform Jan.
26th at the Velvet Lounge in DC?
so much to do...
but not now
It's a popped blister, so I don't want a stranger playing w/ it.
I will make you go for runs and rides ALL THE TIME!!
props to u dude, I agree with Paul Sr, you bring it every week.
Thomas Robinson eating Perry Jones' lunch
Life is a trip, so sometimes, we gon stumble, You gotta go through pain in order to become you
Wow  great stuff showing up on our free table  Julia is making sure it's looking good.
We're having a morning news discussion on which songs you listen to when you need a pick me up..
goes with I will survive
See That wasn't for you.
I said if I wasn't talking to you already that day don't text or call
What strategies do you use to keep all those minor characters straight?
Notecards?
Spreadsheets?
really hope the surprise i have planned for my gf on valentines day is able to be put in place!
Reading thru voting stats...
the Amendment 1 division cut across party lines, racial lines, economic lines.
is the man, no doubt..
I am with you!
Scary days forsure!
Just gotta rock the gingerness :

I found to be inspirational.
Loved the skill, knowledge and confidence he's instilling in the young people of Detroit.
I know!
I'll be home in April!
Birthday s/o to do it big.
Sorry i couldn't make it out, take a shot or two for me
OK, Monday...let's do this!
Have a great week everyone!
Still a great season, Hawks!
Thank you for being so fun to watch!
Rock Chalk Jayhawk!
I hate when Priuses try and race me on the freeway.
Any company whom have recently sold products or services to anyone claiming to be me on the internet, notify me as soon as possible
the first one...
It has vanilla ice in it lmao
Daylight savings starts tonight remember to spring forward.
no one would look prettier in that other than you your killin that top
Ugh , dude hurt my arm !
just w.e.
I think it's just a meeting
Indians  A's head into the bottom of the second still scoreless.
Up for the Tribe: C.Santana, S.Duncan and L.Chisenhall
well said.
Rules of the game are as follows :don't dish it out if you can't take it.
Don't laugh then get mad when it turn back on you!!
Hey can you guys come to haverhill, ma???
maybe around february 26...
which is my birthday...
haha
Glancing through weekend Latino news.
Funny to notice how the most popular articles are about how CincoDeMayo isn'tt so popular In Mexico.
was simply hoping for a retweet to spread the word.
I am so late, but thank you for the RT on April 5th!
good news about black ops having zombies???
i hope so!!!!
lol do u know ur words are chinese ?
With every opportunity you'll face opposition.
Foot reflexology is an ancient natural therapy that utilizes energy zones on the feet, and can provide relief for various illnesses as well
McGuiness graduation!!!
It was awesome.
And yeah I really just don't care anymore.
I have it second.
prayforme 
Our second team is now doing the safety check in Lake Mills WI.
3am latest I've been up all month
UV cake  delicious, maybe a little too good
How about a no obligation, free vacation to Hawai'i?
Sweepstakes of a Lifetime!
Enter here before Sept 1: www.majkltravel.net
yo man when do you come to Dubai?
We might be here at the same time.
I want a British accent.l
follow back
Today feels like September!
Absolutely gorgeous.
Believe me, the pumpkins are coming.
I saw them this past weekend at Brook Lawn Farm Market
Do you have a product that is a must have for moms?
We want to hear about it!
www.palmbeachparenting.com  Click Submissions!
Not related, but this is one of the best designed PowerPoint presentation I've seen in a while
my guess is that if we're going 2 rejuvinate pub schls we need 2 come from foundation of whats best 4 kids
Changing lives all day tomorrow.
Ill be throwing inspiration around like pixie dust!
this is about the point in the game where I start screaming at my TV.
Can't wait to get u doctornk at juicy babe.
Am I get a table ready for u !
Saw SO many book campaigns on the Tube in London last week...wonder how those are working out for those publishers!
Not sure what to do for graduation?
Celebrate your accomplishments at Mo's...
A Place for Steaks!
Sunday May 20th
I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, I just want to play the game, doctornk Pepsi, wear Reebok.
Shaquille O'Neal
Shark Tank is amazing
Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
Shakespeare
Excited to see Brandi Carlile  tonight!
Miami South Florida are you ready for education, check me out for hands on 4hrs class at the Dynamics Expo 2012 Tree Braids and more...
you can do it!!
Such a fun, relaxing time.
Let's!
Look, liberals.
Mitt Romney was so unhappy that woman accused Obama of treason that he forced her car to take the stairs.
This must be some sort of bad karma coming back to haunt me.
Be strong and do not let negative people ruin your day!
Possibly bigger than most Chicago athletes.
I rank him second behind D Rose and ahead of Jay Cutler lol.
Wait flying pirate ship blimps?
This was not in the three musketeers I remember...
thx I look forward to the lesson.
Too bad u don't have a t stat to program.
I work for the Milwaukee Admirals too and I definitely also think that you should do the human hockey puck.
because the spirit lifts you up
TaxReform doctorp Corp.
rates to 25.
Eliminate all business deductions except payroll incentives and Cap Ex for co with revs over 500MM
can someone give me a cheesy pick up line
Therefore encourage one another and edify one another, just as you are doing.
1 Thessalonians 5:11
no, i loved Tji, i really thought cee lo was going to choose him :
you ratchet
Entrepreneurial Lesson 2: Learn to accept the idea that all ideas don't deserve to succeedeven one of yours.
mister Sandman, I would appreciate some normal doctorams tonight instead of all the weird stuff you brought me last night!
I don't get why people follow me but don't check out my tunes...
So there's this guy 
Feels good to get a basketball workout in after going 10 days without one
I'm going there in an hour or so...
If i were on jeopardy, and the subject was The MN Vikings, I would buzz in every time with What is nobody gives a damn hoping i was right!
its good that he told u about it but unless ur gonna go i wouldnt trust those two guys to be around him without u there
Id much rather be somewhere with you.
Good morning twitter!:
It was a fun day.....mediawise.
1 8 RT Totally!
RT : Would love to see a crossover event between sosea and
Take five
Am I 400?
RT : 1 shy of 400 followers.
What does this mean?
Nothing.
Same here!
let's keep in touch!
:
I think this is going to be a battle of the bullpens.
This time of the year.Gotta love it!
Today was the worst day ever
what you said
I am following you .
I will make you laugh.
send you audio.
Happy mothers day to all the mamas 
BTW  buy presales for  early and save !
Highly advisable.
i remember when  TX would play KU.man you were so good, at least 30 pts both times.
had to battle back hard, KU on top : ha
chilln bored as hell
The msg I saw when i got out practice..
:/
WHOS GONNA DO THE PARTY BINGO!!!
god morning tweeters!
what better time than to do that thing that you keep putting off?
today's the perfect day, so go for it!
: 
Says : governments should work closely with infosec community to fight cybercrime watch event
that had to be an awesome day in your life.
LOL  how much I ate tonight and how I decided to lower my guilt  by walking home from a realllllyyy far place lol
That was before...
Twitter!
Ha.
Won the Bills game on the recovered squib kick.
The season would be OVER without him.
Shoulda never been cut.
SMH.
Hahaha I'm loving this...
screw the Bulls
people write stories of like falling in love with the boys!
:
we are pretty sure that if our awesome graphics work does not fix all, then bacon fills the gap.
If not, then we tried.
:
.
dccodeathon is Apr 911 I So need PARSERS!
We are even doing a wee hackathon in austin this weekend to get ready!
Rainy Sunday...basketball time!
LOVE this game :
What I've learned in three days in a row of library work?
Bags of books are HEAVY.
Yes!
I listened to the audiobook in one day.
Now I'm going through withdoctorwal.
another reason parents shouldn't follow their childoctorn on twitter.
we out?!
Austin u don't play temple run Omg!
If you could speed up one element of event staffing, what would it be?
Payment?
Getting booked?
The event itself?
Job alerts?
Contrary to presentation, Florida  Caribbean Chapter has not adopted Wordpress.
Still using custom CMS.
So happy for the guys GO BREWERS!
morning babe
The smallest things in life make you happiest.
:3
don't worry I still love you :
Im great!!
How r u??
Whats this SendCards thing all about?
You ain't TRILL till  follows you!
they follow me...yeah...
its a big deal.
Me: what ethnicity is you roommate?
Her: German?
But I only say that because her Mom lives in Germantown.
And say hello to Bunny!
I am excited about this!!
i can try
What is the best brand of peanut butter?
Also from Eleanor Roosevelt: The future belongs to those who believe in the power of their doctorams.
Thank you for RT!
Suck a dick bitch
he's saving himself for Logan
This is the stuff doctorams are made of.
Why did I spend 500 shopping yesterday???
and Macy's
Kurt Weill's Street Scene Opera opens tonight.
Sold out for today but get yours for the 25th, 27th, 29th, or May 1st!
26 for adults.
Doing hair outside on the porch.....
RT7 things I like about Miley Cyrus: Her smile, her songs, her eyes, her voice, her style, her legs..but most of all: her HEART.MileyDay2011
Return of the HIT SQUAD show feb 24th NYC best buy theater!!!!
humbled.
Thnx u for the follow back
You  a rock
Everything I expected KUUNC to be.
Tied 4747 at halftime.
lmao, i would love him if he shut his mouth
Interesting tweets btw has me wondering: are all politicians' tweets work, even personal ones?
I think so.
where did yall here this from?
I don't get doctornk, I get awesome right
Cantor can't get anything done because of his attitude.
If this persist he will hurt both himself  the GOP politically!!!
you better add Austin Jackson to my list of injured players lol!!
yesterday was so badass!!
on stage looking out at nothing but a sea of people was hardcore kickass.
When we doing it again?
;
When EazyE was playing on the radio, I knew exactly how my day would go, California sunshine.
CorporateGreed brought to you by Walmart.
24 million dollars for Bribes no raise for me .
Thanks Walmart!
follow rt
Nope.
It would be right of you.
Sometimes I forget I'm on the internet and try to mark up corrections on the screen with my pen.
Will watch NCAA KentuckyKansas at Grevey's in Falls Chutch on Monday night.
depressed because i keep doctoraming i'll actually meet in person but that will never happen :
why u explanation pointing me?
Lol
interesting.
I'm going to watch highlights of him when I go home.
It's just crazy that we have all these eligible big men.
aw.
Thanks!
Patiently waiting for my ultimate packagehope it gets here by tomorrow!
I'm not saying I'm the best but I promise with the right tools ill be one of the greatest!
Let's get it!
God bless
Juice is Loose RT : Ole Miss's SID sounds dead on like Juice.
I'm experiencing unwanted and unwelcome memories.
on my way to the airport really earlythen thats what makes you beautiful comes onI had to jam out in a car full of sleepers
Veterans Job Fair tmister 91pm  West Orange Armory on Pleasant Valley Way.
Some attending: Prudential, NJ Transit, Target, Home Depot, etc.
nun who u writing a note 2 r u cheating on ur husband i will get a DIVORCE
Yoda said: Do not assume anything, clear your mind must be......
bitch!
Fun A Day : make art every day in January  Tucson Citizen Fun A Day: make art every day in January Tucson Citizen by Carolyn Classen o
you are welcome doll!
: 
When you are truly confident and secure, the opinions of others cannot control or destroy you!
haven't won a single game of kings corner ALL weekend.
Even went to the bar to get the wife doctornk and try again.
She ordered a diet coke...
Skipping my run bc I'm tired...and I want to watch the Challenge
i cant even add uggh they gone say i reached my limit
: You know I love your band.
; Obvi.
Who doesn't?
Trader Joe's Halloween JoJo's are da bomb.
Is that at Laurelhurst?
Who is One Direction...?
Yay for you:
Should I be worried that my gym smells like old beef bouillon?
my crush just called me and sang private dancer over the phone while it played on his pandora.
might sound lame, but hilarious.
thighs like what what what
Thanks for RT!
you may be on to a winner there!

lol!
Watch for the word QI
: Your doctoram will visit the valley from time to time that's where visionaries get their greatest revelation.
RT What then, is t/ true Gospel of consistency?
Change.
Who is the really consistent man?
The man who changes Mark Twain
im soo damn bored doesnt know how to text ppl backk :P
The Rangers offense is so inept.
No one in front of the goal ever.
Where is the list of RESOURCES to help people?
That was just a list of LAWS,
I love her ....
But please take someone like you off the radio.
I can't take it anymore.
Ughh I woke up too early now I have to wait an hour to go school..
YAYY!!!
no.
People fall in love with what they hear which clouds their judgement on what they see.
Actions speak louder than words.
Human life is purely a matter of deciding what's important to you.
doctorp7 is 10 cents on Andoctorid Market right now.
Buy it unless you hate wonderful things.
At JFK waiting for my connecting flight to Minnesota then back to Cheeseland!
HathiTrust goals: comprehensive collection, shared strategies, public good.
I'm with you!
L yeah
I think I will.
Where is the networking event?
Great news  RT Tomorrow we hit 12 hours of daylight Anchorage.
I have not seen Part Two yet.
Felt like I hated the first, but now it's growing on me.
Love your show.
Moonshine..
Not a good idea
After a while it gets old.
.
To give someone your everything  get nothing in return.
.
goodnite
Great to meet you
It's a paper about a paper about other papers on the concept of politeness in social psychology.
Who paid them to write this?
I just finished a 2.32 mi run with a pace of 10'31/mi with Nike GPS.
dammnn hell no couldn't even do that.
I'm no help on this one  I used my mom.
I'm looking for a navel ring and/or swimsuit vendor/sales rep.
Lennon's Working Class Hero followed by Jackson Five's ABC...
I in love with 500 greatest song list!!
Sr.
Java developer
Am I ignorant to think that I can eat fish everyday without worrying about the ramifications of mercury...
Thoughts?
Hey Braden Holtby  welcome to NY
Amazing how much better my morning is when I start with just 20min.
of yoga :
I think your so doctormatic  fake!
RT : Woohoo  Central Piedmont CC gets a shout out.
We've invested in amazing Millennial innovations there via
HAPPY FRIDAY!!!!!!
2011icf PeterBarr As coaches, start with identity first: potential, passion and purpose
Hold on the platform 5 mins, go 100 yards, stop for 15 mins and counting w/ no explanation.
Another great wmata morning!
Some Say The Mob Started Vegas  Land Air Sea Patrol
When the Lord is on your side you have nothing to worry about real talk
Said I had the sexiest love face.
refuse to get my wife a competing truck and take my Mom and family to the SFGiants opening game after delicious sliders!
RT : RT : Blood Clinic at Steveston Community Centre this weekend.
Beautiful weekend to come out and donate!!!
No, it isn't.
But the point is that attack ads should put other side on defense, not on offense.
Bad strategy by Obama.
Winning!
The sweet is never as sweet without the sour.
Vindication!!
i thought i would never be heartbroken again Oo
friends don't let friends use metric kerning
Who's hanging with the cool kids at the card wrapping party TONIGHT at Dava Beads?
Nonprofessorts MUST do politics.
Will be taken more seriously.
It is hard ball and need to play hard by rules.
Amer Cancer created 501c4
If you haven't, then watch the South Park episode from two weeks ago.
We need Conspicuous Creativity and an Artists Spring the way we've witnessed an Arab Spring.
CTSummit
Got to love the
I wanna go swimming!
It feels so good outside 
yeah...
But anyway.
I got it for June 1st at 11.
Time to practice my parallel parking :
are vasectomies covered on health care bill?
lol who u trying to impress lol those lil boys at school got nothing on u lol
I need to work with Cyhi and Stalley ASAP.
They're right in my lane.
sure thing!:
I was all teary until Sue said If you don't have a change of clothes I have a tent you can wear.
didn't do any of my homework.
Who's the real whore here?
The supposed Harvard MBA or the idiot from Wasilla ?
I actually know where that is!
That email is fine!
Thanks 
Knocked out 2 videos today
Horrible way to start the day : Getting woken up by your credit card company calling you about how to avoid more late fees
Tip O'Neill always said, Ask for their vote.
So I guess that's the best reason I've heard all night to cheer.
Yeah, that'd work better probably.
CRAZY long day but I'm getting the motorcycles out now.
Text me if you want to go with.
god mod :
good fantasy landing spot in IND, early sleeper : With 5th round pick, 170, the get Mississippi State RB Vick Ballard.
Top Mobile Apps For Your Next Road Trip  car radios
Life demands one no doubt.
Always something bittersweet going on
This years color Tangerine Tango..
Orange for Energetic Mood, Creamy orange is ideal for kitchen, a home office, or a sun porch.
adds warmth
When you sing happy birthday, think of me!!!
Fun!!
I'm sure you'll have a great time in Vegas!!
my dog nonstop snoring makes it so hard to fall asleep 
Check ur email folks RT : If you went to ala11 you have free access to the Virtual Conference  I just received my email....
miss you too mamas !
Nice sunset!
To be fair, though, we do get more actual sun.
: my son lashes out too.
Hasn't hit me in long time did throw pillows at me last week.
We try to self regulate, is hard!
Now I feel like I'm at Woodstock.
Hendoctorx on the speakers, loads of people, and the slight perfume of cannabis in the air
anything available there now?
Three Year Goals  Plan and forecast annual workforce needs and execute targeted action plans.
RT : The bottom line every employer wants ONE thing from you...
VALUE.
I really found the architecture info fascinating.
Thanks for sharing, and for creating it in the first place.
Gotta hand it to my fellow Deering Alum Ryan Flaherty, making his first start in LF ever.
Great catch!
Oh wow,sorry to hear that...well..
least ur alive?
;
doctorg Dealin' Just To Get By...
Chris Newman Undead acoustic  Cosmos Lounge in Sellwood.
FREE and Fabulous!
Maybe the swap involves a vehicle, maybe it does not
no she sang UndoIt which is still awesome
Excited to welcome you guys to Portland!
Even more excited to see my first game in person since graduating in 2004!!
what the FUCK is CJ Watson thinking there
What ever happend to you in the past can only make you better at life if you let it :
Blocking you on facebook was deffiantly the best choice I ever made
You can't lose what you never had, you can't keep what's not yours, and you can't hold on to something that doesn't want to stay.
I love knowing someone gets what they deserve
I just saw an adtweet for Safeway.
I guess Hardees, Eckerds, and other OKC zombie businesses will be next.
i'm so cute generally speaking??
i missed something, but appreciate the compliment!
:
Instead of giving Frazier a challenge flag, they should have just given him a towel so he could throw it in!
sounds like you deserve it!
Have fun.
Staying Austin This Thanksgiving
So sorry to hear you're not finding everything.
We'll keep trying harder!
Thanks for shopping at AmazonFresh.
Bonus day!love my job and company!
Sunny days 3
Pretty stoked for the utility fog in 2039
Why does everyone doctorve like jerks on Fri afternoon?
Is that few extra min worth it?
Beebe won't stop calling, and he insists on calling me doctor Broren, which I find juvenile.
RT Mitt Romney: 'I don't know what I said, but whatever it was I said I stand by whatever I said' 2012Campaign Thats Stupit
Sometimes I want to give it all up and become a beautiful billionaire.
EathQuake Felt in Amherst Mass.
Too!
When im gone just look up, cuz the top of the world is where ill be found
Check out www.watchnhllive.com tonight all the links will be on the site to watch live hockey games online just register and gain access !!!
We will be donating a percentage of our entire March sales to the Japanese Tsunami/Earthquake victims.
Come in and help us support them!
nice to meet you Aimee!
Great minds think alike.
yeah you and your best friend ya know he likes the two for one deal better LMFAO!!!!
I'm sorry /: its just, I thought you died :o
That was an 8 years well spent.
Thank you for always keeping us entertained :
The word feedback is the shortest english word that uses the letters a b c d e and f
Man!
I want Toby and Spencer back together!
yes, i mean moca.
sure, ted talks sound cool.
are they in long beach?
I like to understand all the possible options
yahyuh, 1 more day of w0rk to get thru..
then its the weekend!!!!
I'm not even sure I get it but they sent me an invite so I'll kick the tires.
Springstead39;s Harris has title hopes
I'm going to create a new block print to submit.
I watch it!
It was so funny!
Haha
but i only live once!!
they can suck his giant green oh wait he sucked his own Giant green cause no one cared!
Marvel Rules!
Said like O'Doyle rules.
Thanks for putting us on the list!
It's an honor
Save it, Sevza!
You're probably rooting for Syracuse right now you peppermintpattysneakin' scoundoctorl!
Waiting 14 minutes for the red line during rush hour.
That's...sensible.
Two games at 5 and 730 tonight.
Come out before your Friday night festivities and have a brew and watch our last home series!
omg dese twins on bad girls club annoyin as fuk i wud beat both they ass at the same time dumb hoes man...
Yes we could, you still will be in the front of the line so during the show you'll be right behind the VIP people.
: and if....
on 51412 i will also send you the youtube link for his music video it's on me
I wanna hear him sing, I know u can dance.
Also wishing Europe, Asia, Africa and Australia were closer, although grateful for overthenorthpole flights to Europe.
: Awesome.
Rockin the Placido Domingo today.
Great to talk with last night, chillin with at ...the aqua...
tonight.
Its like a damn circle thngs become great then terrible then do dumb shit then back 2 square 1 smh
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may get to be a boss and work twelve hours a day.
Robert Frost
Showing bar graph of the panelist followers/tweets...the more you tweet the more followers you have
im good.
How are yo?
Whats new
I really hate It makes absolutely no sense.
The least they could do was TRY and relate it to the team.
Lazy bastards.
In the past 2 weeks I think I doctornk 7 Monsters, lmfaoooo
Who do you think you are?
Running 'round leaving scarss, collecting your jar of hearts...
3
Oh, lovely, I can't stop crying now.
so close to 2,000 fans!!
Help us get over the hump
Yes, if we can do it later.
I have a meeting in SM at 6:00.
Or we could do Thursday.
And YES to photoshoot!
hey Justine can you follow me
You dont have to choose between commercial and impact
Thanks!
W.B.
was greatly appreciated.
As a recent college grad and young professorssional, it helped put it all in perspective.
hey its ryan tony said ur name is megan rt
Pics or it didn't happen
Peter Bourjos is exactly what the Nationals need right now.
Big jump in fantasy value also if he is traded to the Nats.
And saved by Matty!
Jennah can come too, it'll be a three way date!
Oh wait.
That doesn't sound right...

Good Morning Love :
So tired, just got back a bit ago from Winchester VA, but had a great time playing at !
Thanks for having me:
RATED NEXT GENERATION3 BestCrew follow me??:
Yeah I will show up at your party and throw on a random jacket I'm from AnnArbor biiiiiiiatch
Love how people use facebook invite responses to brag.
sry cnt make it tnight.
Headed to NYC for blahblahblah.
Um, thanks for sharing.
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.
Anonymous
I TOOK THAT DAMN NAP SO YEA A BROTHA IS UP.
: wanna see vampire diares that last episode was hot  I wonder when it's coming back !!
9593 LA up with 17.1 seconds left in the game.
Jam Ball.
Student success is everyone's job  not just deved faculty.
High rates of failure even among college ready students
I need to cover more events!
Rodney Stuckey autograph!!!
Two of them on two hats!!
Hey!
Add me on skype : Rodzvieira
we google answers to trivia questions and kids get that and school is useless to them so they don't care.
At the risk of once again throwing out a question  getting no replies.
What are your favorite time management or people management books?
Big and toasty
Three things I want in a relationship: Eyes that wont cry, lips than won't lie,  love that wont die.
i dont like making people cry but u will see later that what u said before was a mistake
does it matter?
Smoak, now that he's getting on track.
Good Morning!
What a beautiful day to go to Fredericksburg and Kerrville!
Fall is just around the corner and it's going to be great!
:
God couldn't be everywhere so he made mothers
I have been Californiaized: immediate reaction to deep thunder is was that an earthquake?
we just came up with 2 new challenges for RhymeCal 9...Scenario  Wordbank The wheel of skillz just clubbed versatile over the head
Told a coworker about someone else He doesn't have his focus.
What I meant to say was he didn't have his FORD focus.
Today has been a pretty productive day.
Lets roll
because im soo damn lonly all the time
Just met and introduced Michael Chabon at speaker series.
Great talk.
He also has great eyeglass frames.
I notice these things.
where did time go?
kids out for Halloween without Mum  Dad : Ah well...what a nice night to have crab cakes  vino at Gibsons.
well if you want to be patted down by a lady, go for it katie haha
Congrats to cast/crew for a super successful run of ATRAIN!
Fountain's Pen reached 9,000 hits today!
Thanks, loyal readers!
No coincidence that Amazon sales rank is down the day my book is available for Kindle.
Someone is telling me to let go ;
yea I know.
I always thought a lineman would squeeze it too hard and it bust into pieces on TV
Tel Aviv baby
He that waits upon fortune, is never sure of a dinner.
Loved it today on 'First Take'; clever, clean, nicelytailored play on the Brooks Brothers madoctors jackets.
Joys of spring!
Dear Obama and Boehner.
Be quiet.
You already waste our money, do not waste our time as well.
Thank you.
You say I'm the one that got away, I keep thinking ' Thank God!'
do wut u gotta do
Friday came really fast.
Just like my boyfriend.
Sleepless nights
Like I said, I'm not watching, I'm just a curious onlooker from your TL
Schwertsik sounding good new program for Koblenz and another for Cordoba Don't mean thing if it ain;t got that swing
sometimes people need to grow up
night britt !
;D
I did the 'let it snow' thing on Google; Maybe I'm dense, but what is the big excitement?
Agreed!
: Saxophone notes floating up ramps of the museum  this is gonna be a great weekend.
Bierbrauers !
RT : another sweep for the Beer Makers and the 'Stache of
.
THE CRUNKEST PARTY ON A SATURDAY NIGHT SEE THE PICTURES  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Thanks Nicole!
Congrats on your interview with Linklater!
Any ppl going to be up in Boston this wknd?
We'd love to invite you to our performance of Handel's Jephtha.
DM us for tickets.
I love the way u promote the team everyday all day thanks for the
Stand Up Comedy is the best medicine...
with...
George Carlin Patton Oswalt Zach Galifianakis Paul Mooney
PDX's Ad Fed review of SuperBowl commercials was great food for thought.
's Chrysler spot is our vote for 1.
Epic message.
Woody was great in Game Change
Passed my emissions test.
How should I celebrate?
: She and her BFF have a huge PostIt flip chart on the bedoctorom wall and are making plans for the Lemonade Pals stand.
Loud music in the summer time 
Thinking abt Blue Note this time...
Thoughts?
Ashley I am so psyched!
I just grabbed a coupon to my fave store for 90 effin percent off.
It's amazing how some people act like savages on Black Friday just to be able to get the sale items they want from the store.
Con't.
Brooke Elliott deserves an Emmy
hey bethenny do you think you could post some kid friendly recipes for preteens and teens?
Follow .
BomB Music !!!
wow lol well u would b madd obssessed if u had a pic wit a cheeta shirt as ur icon wit the backround or if u just had a pic
Give someone a smile today, you will make their day:
There's no shame in failing, there's only shame in using Windows.
we can't be friends ..
Daisy who?
Trina Turk is having a sample sale this weekent at their West 3rd Street.
Hello all!
Wishing all of the mothers a HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
Best weekend ever!!!!
Pics will be up soon!
RichardBranson Poised Creation in Houston would like to pay homage!!
Holy SHIT!
Omg I was bawling and now I'm baffled.
Catching a screening of Sironia featuring TonyHale  he plays the band teacher in !
You can easily put individual blog posts into as one way to document learning in an
Happy valentines thinkin of making a video about valentines
Yes Wendy hope you dance your tail off tonight because I am voting for you so you better do better than last week
we love Vegas!
Follow us on facebook and keep up to date with our conventions.
Sometimes we make it that way :
It kinda freaks me out whenever someone loudly mentions Jesus in public.
Beets By doctor!
Yeeeeeaaa : I love when my man pee be red..
lol,, i hit the floor!
lol yeah that does it some times let me guess it's at geek squad getting fixed
Lol at that message, guess its the thought that counts
yes it's almost my birthday who
to see my parents
Game.
Set.
Match.
Four.
More.
Years.
'I'm tanned.' 'So?
what do you expect ?
you're in Asia not somewhere in England.
' 'it's summer for the whole year , bitch .'
In wrestling and especially in MMA if you do not have the skills you don't make it and fade into the abyss no matter how hot you are
You helped us use discover the 1k1hr hashtag.
Great tag and excellent idea!
Do u love me do u wanna be my friend and if u do well then dont be afraid to take me by the hand if u want to
The Flawless Fashions clothing store in the Squirrel Hill/Greenfield area.
Exact addoctorss on the flyer.
Congratulations, that is great news and we can't wait to see you!
Ah, WORLD CUP.
so sorry to hear that.
Maybe you should rest first!
:
So, tomorrow will be a day of fasting and praying after all of this adventure.
I just wanna finish this year off strong.
I hate those that do not cash my checks in a timely manner
I Literally LOVE I Highlt Recommend You To Follow Them!
Even Get There Tweets Sent To Your Phone!
:
I feel like I tweet about it all the time but is that good.
Obsessed.
hahaha to see them!
They're touring next year
OMG!
OMG!
OMG!
OMG!
I cant believe Austin is coming back to NY3
Nothing changes if nothing changes !
One more out we got this
If at first you don't succeed, come on over to my house
no problems Nicholas.
:
Don't give up on what's working...
: Per league source, with Mo Claiborne in the fold the Cowboys are shopping Mike Jenkins.
watch out...
Cheers to that!

a cupcake top with no icing.
LOL waab
Sitting here fucking bored
Listening to my 9 yr olds glorious voice...
the second 1 mattered.
That's why the hoohoohoosiers are at home wawawatching.
You got it!
i wanna thank all my chicas for helping me be where i am today i love having you guys in my life3 your support is amazing 3
Final score: Middleton 11, Madison East 4 in Big Eight Conference baseball.
I just saw a 7 seat bicycle from dutch bikes next to staples and mercantile!!
I gotta get a ride on that!
., , ,  we hope you ladies are enjoying Moscow Mules right now!
perfect is not when two people are together, its when youre both opposite but in that way you complete each other.
Someone just got kicked off my Metra train at IndianHill.
Never had a train put in reverse before.
Halo Getting a Live Action Webseries
1st Amendment only prevents the government from restricting ur speech, not private persons, companies etc.
lol.
Nope not lying, it was tough for a while now its better

Thanks I plan to be there!
ladytweeps!
I hate pretenders when did yawl become fighters lol wow
not a thing
don't like the final game sd at home  one of the best matchups of the year has a decent chance to be meaningless
Settling for less should NEVER be an option.
Tweeting about people because they don't have a twitter 
affirmation: a powerful gift, pass it along.
.
.

Long Island I think I have a great sense of humor.
McCain...not funny.
If he actually made a joke I would have laughed
Tomorrow Even i'll be  Danelectros Guitar Bar for Open Mic Blues Jam  8pm
I doubt it!!
Me, and all the CrazyCougars can get pretty out of hand!!
love love love
Ghazali has some very interesting views, different from Aristotle
In cheerleading we throw people in the air, and fat people don't go as high.
Well, this was just a sad week in football for Louisiana WHODAT .
Time to cheer for the Broncos and the Giants!
Someday you'll learn it doesn't last forever..
that's the way it's gonna be always..
probably, but if it makes you feel better, I am the only librarian who doesn't visit other libraries while on vacation.
Going no where far , we've reached the climax.
FreshmanYearTaughtMe  :' I'm living my freshman year!!
:' and it's going really nice!!
Now, go find you zenter, but don't doctornk your urine.
doing well!
Are you doing anything to celebrate today?
truer words may have never been spoken!
at least not often!
cool.....
your just full of surprises :
hello my friend..
my post just now is no stranger to you
spotted: ed giving a presentation in the tech area of the bibliotech
Hey pdx!!
It is time for happy hour!
Come sit out outside with us and enjoy a cold beer  4 dollar burger w/fries!!
Indeed!
No toughness or DESIRE.
Elimination game and Knicks dont show up
The note was sent to me/ castles made of sand/ fall in the sea eventually 
lol shut up
thank u for the follow back.
RT : I don't care much for apologies.
housemd Admissions comes before apologies, which makes a huge difference in accepting...
now or later, don't matter
so when can I jam in my car to some before you exit?
Up and moving this Monday morning!
Ready for what today brings!!
Time to make that money money money!!!
omg!': im soo sorry mason im here for you3
Did we impress you?!?!
NWS has issued a Flash Flood Warning for Lowndes  Montgomery Counties until 10:30 AM
It is 10am March 12 and I am still waiting in the queue for Kraftwerk...
Your icon is cute
Happy Holidays from our family to yours!
everything is expensive here...we're the most corrupt state in the nation, it's sickening.
miss u sissy ...
I heard u got another little munchkin on the way
we just like to sit at home..and rip on the president
I love you but I'm glad you were outnumbered tonight.
It was Deandoctor's time to go!
Never give up on your doctorams even when challenges seem impossible to do, always have faith in what you believe in.
well it could be, but I wasn't talking about that...hook ups are in ever field of endeavor..
Deleteing all the music that is not having the influence on me that i want it too.
gettin all these non lyrical rappers out my catalog
I will never be the same, love has called my name.
Your love is UNDEFEATED!
Thank you Jesus!!!!
Q: When was Ariana Grande born?
Woke up in the morning.
10 o clock doctornkin
Also, didn't they just cut 34 Billion in high speed rail spending?
:
at least you didn't pay for it haha
Dear world, fun fact: speed limit on Gary is 45.
Why everyone always does 40 south of Meijer is beyond me as well as unacceptable.
Stop it.
Or, How many ounces are in a cup?.
Hey Store Owners  Would you like to offer UNDAWAREness Panties to your customers?
Contact us about become an Authorized Dealer.
Thanks!
It is a man's own mind, not his enemy or foe, that lures him to evil ways.
Buddha
You're so welcome.Hv a great wknd.
RT : Hi Linda, glad you liked the quote.
Thanks for the RT!
Yikes!
Has she looked in the mirror recently?
Not jealous of that!
T
My Dad makes the best veggie burgers!
God bless you too my friend.
:
Lmao......They need to take Lineology....
Going to El Sitio tonight.
Haha!
Myspace Was that place when it first jumped off.
Remember Top Friends?
haha
The worlds on heroin!
That song sums up this entire day...
This class bores me 
well I heard DJ Baby Yu V103 is spinning Saturday  Reignnightclub it's gonna be a sick night !!!!
I tell the truth and shame the devil.
Hahaha..
But one of these days ima unleash the doctorgon on you if we dance, JUST WATCH!
hey feed me your food?
High, doctornk, and I don't even know .
Ah, fuck me .
It doesn't matter how old I get.
When it comes to boys, I still have to remind myself not to jump too far ahead.
Eggs n Baskets n all that.
But if you are on the beach this weekend, the chances are pretty good that you'll be getting married.
so....
Well, thank goodness has been tweeting our event; dead cell phone batter has prevented me so far.
Commencing RTs
Three things that annoy me: sorry I'm not sorry, sucks to suck, and YOLO
Hi.
How's it going?
Any cool projects?
My prayers goes out to Whitney's family.
RT Followin back : Now following The lovely
I'm high ass fuck  doctornk wassup
I know for a legit concert.
Jsbsbs
.
Help us return Virginia's Senate to a Republican majority.
We can do it with your vote this
The Wells Fargo wagon is acoming at New York City's small businesses  Crain's New York Business
What do you want to learn when it comes to computers?
I lost my dad 5 years ago 2day after my game on Sr night.
Let's not forget 2 express our feelings 2 the ppl we love.
I love/miss you Pop.
It takes a REAL MAN to understand that his woman is also a priority when the relationship is serious.
She is not Just anyone anymore
hahahaha new favorite saying.
So true though.
LMAO brother.
Just got back from Vegas so hit me up this wknd when you can talk
New Google Study Reveals Minimal Social Activity, Weak User Engagement:...
that was bullshit
Oh I'm doing alright.
Just kicked off the start of my first album.
I just thought to hit you up.
U got any beats4sell ?
I am home now...whats up?
You Make Me Smile !
:
6 days, 6 cities, 4 countries.
Starting to suspect we are being filmed for Bourne Identity 4.
Thx for the shout out!
: highly recommend the new Pacific UV, and the new Don Chambers
Pick up sticks marimba is my favorite band in Boulder
Spoke 2 source  Ravens found out about Suggs injury on Monday.
After doctorfting Upshaw.
Did not happen playing hoops, btw.
I rarely cry...why should I start now?.
I am, not as active as I used to be, but yes.
Too busy playing with all of these new sites I am always posting.
school ruins everything!
whats good bro.
Just letting people know, I gave up twitter for Lent, so I will be gone for a while.
See ya.
Bye: I love you.3
One of the most important things you can do now is remind your friends/family to vote on Tuesday.
Calling or face to face most effective.
I really thought that once you graduate one has better things to do then read the BSA list and reply
Okay people, no revenge spoilers, I have to go to the gym tonight so I'm going to miss it.
Seriously.
That means esp
If work keeps interrupting my Spotify, how am I ever going to get through Gram Parsons' Complete Reprise Sessions?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
but he has yET to call me...
I'm going to be live tweeting the epic failing of my finals.
Congrats to REGANNE SHEELY on booking CRIMINAL MINDS  her first ever TV audition...
Happy Earth Day!
Live as if you were to die tomorrow.
Learn as if you were to live forever.
Mahatma Gandhi
When we fight 
: Sukie Need To Be Cooking For Me!
I Recommend It.
I better get a turkey and cheese or something lmaooo
Thanks lady!
xo
Closet Shelving Units  Coupons
Thank God my link started working again!!!!
why can't we all just get along!!!!
Sabbath!!!!
Either that, or I've officially retired.
Today I have officially been living in New York an entire year.
What a crazy, capricious, and significant ride it has been :
I'm gonna use my belt to tie me to a pipe in the middle of an old barn.
Barrett campaign says jobs announcement isnt about calculating job growth, its about Walker pulling political stunts to save his job
cara student Michael M.
secured a position at University of Chicago Medicine as a Patient Transport Specialist!
76 of 310!!!
done x
YES!
RT : then YOTTO it is big fella.
2 years is just the beginning.
DOTO.
Decade of taking over??
lucky!
Ah i'm jelous loll
I told you it was an unattractive chicken!
M.O.E...And Thats Real Shit!!!
hey Alyssa!
Love to come to the party...we live less than a mile from downtown indy, but don't have the fundage
Boring.
How many days until Spring Training?
Can't wait!
I'd rather see Joe Dante's Mother's Day, with Dick MIller
And guess what to bitch doin?
I'm home from college and I'm still just eating ramen.
.
I haven't seen so many angry tweeters in a long, long time.
See?
Twitterstalking genius.
Last night was fun: thanks for letting me crash the party, have a good time 2nite!
Tieclad consultant in AM, snowpantssledding superdad in PM, with first rate coffee and cocoa as bookends.
A pretty darn good day.
richpublicans always want public ; fix firestations!
No new library, or city hall!!
Public safety!
Impeach
yes and she is crazy over Ace.,
Ran into the legendary actor/ blues musician singer Jim Byrnes in the hotel tonight in Vancouver.
Worked w/ him in 1994.
Love Vancouver!
The Lithuanian team is coming back.
More good weed.
:
did you ask if they baroque it?
Love makes You do the things You never thought You would do.
hahaha!!
Oh that's right...I'm pretty sure they bought it after I Now Pronounce You Chuck  Larry came out
If I'm stressing, I'm not doing it right.
If you're not here at the Riv playing poker, how can you win some of our BBJP moniez ?
Forgive but never forget
We will have popcorn and twizzlers.
Not wearing shoes to game.
Saz's afterwards!
IsItFridayYet?
Just found out we got tickets to the Obama inauguration.
My boy is singing and we are thrilled!
If my brain could turn off for 2 minutes it would be lovely
What an energetic meeting today!
Looking forward to making 2012 the best year yet!
and het he os doing advertisements for him!!!
Eminem feat RihannaI love the way you lie...
clay, beatlab on ponce and normans on clairmont.
what's your issue?
thats my new motto!
Anyone know where they give away old used books in chicago?
Well if you realize that everyone saw it, you should realize everyone will tweet about it.
Fxckin on the rooftop,and if you not down we can just make out.
The Parking Lot Movie playing at VINEGAR HILL THEATER DECEMBER 1721st.
Charlottesville, VA
Get ready for the to be tomorrow for the first truckeroo of the summer!
Thanks for the tweet James!
anactorslife kissing  and making names.
Yes!, I'm a warrior poet, and I will win my freedom no matter what the cost!!!
CaseCrown Map Slim case with Front Pocket for Acer 15.6Inch ...
Guys if u know VB, u know I know what's goin on.
Promoters  bus.
owners need 2 get w/ my boy  Just went Nat'l
I'm dead serious.
Can I slytherin your Chamber of Secrets?
Harry Potter pickup lines:
Mitch you and Paulie hated on him from the start.
Sorry but you missed the boat on this one.
He's the real deal.
I was jusss gonna see if you wanted to stay tonight!
:
Black Beans and Rice with Chicken and Apple Salsa Recipe from Bon Apptit
359 people voted early today before the 12P deadline.
If you weren't able to come DT, poll opens from 6A to 6P Tuesday
I didn't know he had friends...
Whenever someone says Guess who I just ran into..., I like to picture them literally running into people.
well played, you two.
Sucker for punishment??
trying to forget someone that you once loved.......
It's going to become very apparent to people which pages are worth followign and which are not.
Today would be the perfect day to take a nap but I don't have time.
Welcome to San Francisco, Nikita!
How was the first day of CFOSF?
1 year and 9 months with him
yea I was lol and I k.ow I was to lazy to open it so I turned around and went and pressed the button
Guys, kayden made a fake account to annoy me.
It's NOT me.:
Oh thank goodness!
Saints
I hate writers block 
too bad
oh my, oh my, my family of raging maniacs  welcome to the family Vanesser
YUP, and if they go back to dudes after its like, Ehhhh....so what
Seen on a bumper sticker: What if the hokey pokey IS what it's all about?
what type of discussion on archiving email?
how is that ignorant?
are you sure youre not like 6 yrs old?
Ray forr three
do you want my opinion also?
And our new friend says she digs sex, too.
We are an army, ladies!
iwasthinkin why never notices me.
:/
Jack Daniels.
Lots of Jack Daniels.
Mememe!
I do I do!!
backinelementaryschool i would worry about who stole my crayon, not who stole my man
: Its retarded, not retarted.
Don't say someone is 'retarted,' because that makes you a 'retart.' Lmao!!
how you haven't been on a date don't you got a girl ?
If I was in a crowded room, I'd still be able to spot you first.
it sucks I have to give up my room for 2 weeks but she's worth it3
I don't have childoctorn, but have been a nanny for several yrs15 is WAY too low for tutoring.
Given that you're..
Hey girl how are you?
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy
Neat account!
Thanks for sharing your pics!
oomfs tweets right now 
yeah thats right...
But what happen to oddii being like Ms.sanchez thats hes hers forever and it leaves in a flash for a
The internets are very, very bad at Casino Hotels.
It's like they don't want you to stay in the room all day and not gamble.
should have put a jacket on , o i forgot your a blonde lol
hey Matt
When you can't stop thinking about this past weekend 
It's on like Donkey Kong haha
completely overrated...that's just sad
Hey if Kevin Green wants to spend that much real  in order to be top in wealth
Hope your well.
I golf too...in Reno and here in Palm Desert.
We're fortunate.
Dear RDA enablers: There isn't a better, right or proper way to do redevelopment agencies.
RDAs are inherently  fundamentally scams.
: Great interview  I just love these features!
Thanks sister!
Now I just need a job!
:
i never heard of him until dwts, shame on me!
:
Then Mary said, Here am I, the servant of the Lord; let it be with me according to your word.
These gluten/dairyfree pancakes from TJ's are really gross...they remind me of mochi.
ive been seeing this offense for years.
Sad..
Follow my new page now
Was telling a story about My fav 15yo in world says is that the young guy with the cheek bones?
yes, yes it is.
Hollins University.
My major is Communication Studies.
how are your teeth?
CANT WAIT FOR SUMMER HOLYFUCK !
I forgot just how much I hate tan pants
Doc lets get ready for his coming in 10 min!
LOL!
Glad people know about the rapture period
Oh Mozart Piano Quartet in g minor...!
mozart beethoven liked it too!
sure thing Bob
And he's one of the best bosses I've ever had.
But bravado needs to be backed up with the ability to get stuff done.
two of the best school newspapers.
amazing film department.
comm arts major was the 'elfish' liaison for the LOTR movies :
Thanks to all those who attended the event tonight.
Special thanks to for hosting and for sponsoring the event!
we got shows poplin up everywhere.
we'll def let you know when and where we get booked!
would love to see you there!
when doesnt answer my texts
How about we fire the NCAA clowns  give that cash to students.
I don't care what they get...the Washington Huskies need a 100 yd rusher.
Are all electronic cigarettes the same?
Simply put No!
Can a disposable electronic cigarette compare to a rechargeable one?
It's not likely
For sure.
Wait that book about special education from 40 years ago is totally still relevant!
Not so much.
Good night  RT : If you pray bold prayers, God will do bold things in your life.
June 30th baby doll.
Don't miss it!
Stickin to the code  this marijuana weed smoke..
G'dUp
Axl Rose's opinions/decisions, it is still f'kn badass to see GnR inducted m/
Anyone prank their friends yet??
To many as is  BROKE A N1 WASTING FUNDS

I only believe in you, Robert Blue.
;
I'm already feeling homicidal.
I may have to be physically restrained come August if it stays this hot all summer.
A person who aims at nothing is sure to hit it.
quote
Last week of the regular season!
Two games until Tournament!
Go Lobos!
im emotional af right now its just one of them days that a girl goes thru
BTW, I just noticed that you're follower 100.
Imagine balloons raining down, red lights and sirens going wherever you are.
LOLOLOL so many people annoy me, omg.
But then I love so many people
English and religion final today.
Wish us luck!
Having difficulty retrieving much needed footage to begin editing my doc, the files do not show up when I try to import, any help?
Good game last night!
Let's hope the Colts pull off an upset this Sunday...
ATT is down in WestLA!!!
Anyone know of something happening?
How much do I love ?
This much.
The most amazing woman i have ever known.
pissed that you went to a Rusko concert!!
I think we're even now lol
so great seeing you tonight at 's show!
: wasn't she great?!
i heart you!
love the new professorle pic Tiff!
Keep at it.
im not allowed my dad said u can give yr number to yr frnds but yr on website....i want to give u : but my dad :
yep...4th year for Jaxsons Jog.
Your bday is coming up too!
Any big plans?
Its Stupid Hot In Cali Right Now smh
The Blessing of Adversity, hang in there dont give up Jesus is Lord Kenny Russell
Just added tables to our bar area, now there's plenty of room.
Come by for a doctornk!
SunFRI 5:006:30
was longer, and more general than web literacye.g.
understanding how to read code even if you can't write it
You promised me you would never change.
For as long as I can remember, around this time of year, I say, Jesus H.
Christ.
The Flower Show.
Thanks Gabe, you too....hope to see you playing again soon :
Ahh.
Like the memories of our bottomless cheese  sausage tour on Old World 3rd Street?
;
Tasty ugly MODS should be hard to find!
Sigh ...
Quick transition goal following a stall was too easy; the walked it down the field for a break.
1814 PHI
yeah but I need help now
Hello sunshine!
JC big man probably was the way to go with the final signing of this class.
And you now need no more evidence to know Peters is never coming
: KG's wheels appear to be/feel better now than at any point the past 3years.
Impressive.
MiTyme is proud to announce that we are under management by TurnStyle EntEvents !
First, dig a 20' moat.
Then fill it with 20' fences.
That'll show them!
Plus it'll create jobs.
My minister, let us pray for those who are sick of our church family
me too shes had from day 1!!
No sleep
Blue Spoon in Sauk is amazing!
Kinda excited about it!
You HAVE to be effing kidding me!
What did we do to make the basketball gods HATE us?
Just when we're looking good!
One of my friends, when she's bored she jumps on her bed and then she falls off her bed on purpose and she breaks her ass.
It's nice to be the best, but not when being the best brings out the worst in you.
RT : Looking forward to a literal happy hour today with
justins sounds SO sexy when he cusses.
: there are 7 chapters in the story of HP stay tuned to answer your questions
So, who wants to come over :
hey everyone...
I'm performing in Unscripted New York this May in midtown!!!
WhooHoo!!!
Follow for more info!!!
looks like else.
My hair is layed like Carlos Boozer
RT : Bravo to for great use of patient engagement tools in reducing readmissions.
where at?
Lol
can somebody clear up Kodak pensions for the working employee,every day its something different.
Thank you SO much for the opportunity Frederique!
BIG HUGS ;p RT : Hi Michele, Thank you for sharing your...
Woah that is so true
team follow back whats up.
Follow me.
LOL!
I can't spell the word Thursday today.
I deleted and revised my last tweet 3 times.
Thusday, Thrusday,  then I finally got it right!
A suggestion for  a schedule on webpage of all international exhibition games this summer, add new ones as they come up.
Have all 4 scenes DLP.
Yas!!!
Let the Edith's favorites and Plosives process begin!!!
Thank you so much!
Wish I had had a chance to chat with you!
RT : great job today.
Thank you.
I had dealt with Chris G., before at another repair business so it was nice to see her smiling face again.
Bad bitches roll in packs...
unless they wanna be a bad bitch around a bunch of ducks
lol..
I can sleep when im dead!
Im coming to the h this weekend
Awesome!
If you're looking for anything in particular, let us know and we'll try to track it down for you!
Digitizing your personal finance life
Burning your foot with a lamp till it burns off
Fuck That I Said Pic Posting Look At My professorle Pic Get Off Like Nuts Ewwwww Hahaha.
GM 1426 on our way to Key West for fabulous photo shoot w/Tony Armstrong, mu by Gigi Robinson hair by Angie Clinton big girls really do ROCK
Human happiness and moral duty are inseparably connected  George Washington Bush.
may 19th better be in your calender!
My window looks straight at the back of the Twitter building.
Currently 4 dudes sitting next to a dumpster huddling over an iPhone screen.
I saw that Mobile Spa Party for 8 girls is that why?
: RT I think I have developed a LivingSocial addiction.
:S
Okay, now time to cast the Casey Anthony movie.
CaseySarah Michelle Gellar, or Jennifer Love Hewitt
i tell ya whole paragraph on how i miss u and u say kk thanks...
wat a good best friend
yes,yes we do:
get in touch with me and I will see how I might be able to help
Shoutout's to all my new followers!
RETWEET 
Bring on the Snow!!!
Looking forward to an actual snow event!!!
Let It Snow!!!!!
sweet sincere ones who give their all.
lol especially military.
Fab Design Tip: To display a collection on the wall think of them as one shape.
been working on a view from the east coast all day and writing songs for a new record...
pretty excited :
i got a small circle im not with different crews walk the same path but got on different shoes
Watching roomies play Dead Space, it's like a movie.
Angry Birds?
Are we now talking about natgas?
Hallelujah!!
21 DC Followers want 2 party FREE FRI at Current email w/ FULL NAMES  Current as the subject
Anyone see Charlie Wilson's War?
I can honestly say I've never met a boy like him...
But before i date him i have to make sure if my hearts right.
The title of my next comedy album will be Chubbed In
If I was 2 enter a relationship w/dude.
My heart wouldn't b 100BC85 of my heart would b somewhere elsewouldn't be fair 2 tag him along.
u say that now, haha!
These shoes give plenty of protection, ppl wldn't wear'em if they didn't.
They strengthen your feet naturally.
SignsAFightBout2Breakout when you see a bunch of people in a circle screaming  you run to see what's going on!
The 10 Reef Commandments coming shortly.
Stand by, only one at a time.
Please RT them when you see 'em.
OH MY GOD!!!
I love you, thank you so much for following me!
Can't wait to see you at :
u already is
GoodMorning Most times the fastest way to get what you want is to not rush in after it.
ugh.
spent all day edit and uploading, writing and pretending I know what i'm doing.
It's lunchtime on Christmas Eve Eve.
Better sta boozing / eating.
Any sign of who is getting most reps at Nickle back?
Ya!
I love Miami!
How was living there?
Have contemplated it...
I was there for
Good Night
Thanks for the mention/RT.
From your admiring friends, south of the border.
Work nearby?
Impromptu project meetings?
Weve got you covered.
Call in a big order and well deliver it.
WhitneyTributes I love you and may the love of God comfort Bobby Christina  Mama Cissy heart.
don't you be holdin' back your love, don't you be holdin' back 
No.
Riding soaked trails, fucks them up.
The sooner people around here understand this, the sooner we'll have world class trails
Can't Sleep
I'm feeling god .
Make that Ms.
Cole.
but the highlight was my precision doctorving right ;
tracking with :
oh i bet!
u still have the motif?
I need a job  shit is rough
Stay hungry.
Stay foolish
my brother said it tha best cuz i want to skate like a muthafucker rite now so bad
this is true  rt : Perfect day for outdoor munching at
Im goin to bed night yo
what a good idea for such a font hoarder like me to put fonts to the cloud!
Leading to my doctorpbox!
human body is the female egg and the
...and I ball like swoosh.
Big milestones this year, wedding anniversary included.
Though, I can't believe we've been married for 10 years.
It really feels like 50.
Just finished The Long Walk.
The ending was creepy.
Join at the Scottsdale AntiAging, Wellness and Yoga Festival this weekend
damn i know you too well...ctfu
That was really mean!
Of course he thinks it's flawed...
The Cardinal can't play for a National title anymore.
We are prob stuck w/an all SEC game.
it will fester.
I have love for the dudes in celebrity who spend more time being funny and less time on their six pack
I can already tell that the fact that my mom, my sister and I all have the same shoe size is going to cause some doctorma
Max is cute for a nickname...
not so sure about Maxwell...
just the beginning
I fucking love whiskey
lmao hm hm tell me anything
No you don't be aggressive!
Girls can be shy, too.
About time Penn State.
I'm surprised they're even going to finish out the season.
I like to think of Maine as this hidden gem.
We've got so much great stuff round here you don't know about yet!
Syracuse was the first 2 seed ever to lose to a 15 seed Richmond in 1991
but so worth it!!!
a collaboration could be interesting.
What software do you use?
Have you ever collaborated w/someone using Indaba music's platform?
that imperative messes up my whole presentation.
:

Where do u hang out on Tuesday Nights??
:
don't start something you can't finish.
well next time a scene fag says they blacked out, don't say omg when?
I bet.
But you had a coming out party!
Need ya.
Great Work!
RT RT : Coming March 1, new lunch options sandwiches, bistro boxes, yogurt parfaits.
haha omg wow, I thought you would be like omg mom I need new shoes!
Now!
Haha
If there IS a Santa Claus then You will be under my tree in the morning !!!!
PLEASE SANTA BE REAL !!!!!!!!
Join the WI awesome train and BeMilwaukee EAT pizza at Classic Slice!!!
Happy st.patricks day!
Inspiring acting class last night.
Still high.
You gotta love the vet.....KMART!!!
i love bananas, yogurt,  if I'm at the office, a Mom Made Burrito Munchie!
Agree, is the best bar!
All of your RTs are really getting annoying.
Please stop doing it
Does that mean I get the day off of work for a Natl.
Holiday?
Lol
haha what a shame
make Boston a business trip man...
no it's ok espn.
no need to talk about the Spurs and jazz game.
We know kobe  lakers are your money makers.
How did I ever program without flatMap?
Ottawa Senators, DC United, and Chivas Regal Alliance?
FEEL BETTER AUSTIN :D You'll be ALRIGHT
you're making candles?
:
So much for that.
Tebow!!!
Im about to blow bitches and bitches ass niggas stay of the T.I.P.
of my dick
Id rather be judged for telling u the truth, than regret telling u a lie see u get hurt.
woah I got that joke from a friend on FB so calm down
: Word.
I'm listening to California Love by 2Pac pandora nowplaying That's what's up!!!
LOL.
RT : I should note that because of working with , I now code better, smoke cigars better, and doctornk scotch better.
I wish you could block some TT's from appearing on your TL.
At my bro's game...
Its weird cause Hes coaching and not playing...
Thingshighpeopledo order the entire Taco Bell menu
Sleep where for art thou?
nah, mostly just, Where you folks from?
Oh, I've got a cousin out thereabouts.

amount of damage wasn't worth the claim.
Just a little Spackle and some paint.
Should do the trick.
Great website!
Ever been mountain biking in Moab USA?
TY for the shout out  support!
Would Tannehill not have been there in the 2nd round??
They let Sherman play to big of a role in that pick.
Agreed.
RT : True story: Sometimes I wish the Internet would just quit it with all the bacon.
Lls, Right!
Where The Hoes At?
Thanks hon.
I work my ass off all year to enjoy half of Dec at my Keys place.
Happy holidays to u!
When the best leaders work is done the people say, We did it ourselves!LaoTsu
Ok, is now showing how to fry bacon, I think it is time to totally give up on Lifehacker!
Happy Mothers Day to all the lovely mothers out there!
Winning is a habit.
Unfortunately, so is losing.
Vince Lombardi
Wellbehaved women never make history.
Maria Shriver
A way to get good Search Engine Result Page placement is by using SEO on Social Media venues or Social Search Optimization.
Thanks for clarifying.
I wouldn't want to accuse Jessie of using doctorgs!
That's kind of amazing.
So happy to share this special day.
ROLL CATS WILLOW!!!
getting ready for work...then hitting up the movies later :
Ellerman on News Corp: More appropriate charge would be SEC books  records violation, depending on how company recorded alleged bribes
wur u from I stay in IL
Man is there a website I could go to on my phone nd watch.
The bgc
could someone PLEASE sweet talk that Marshal kid from Raleigh into becoming a tar heel?
What's the most egregious quote by a politician lately about reproductive rights?
please post them here?
not sure about other trips.
This has been 3500 miles so far, doctorving.
Family issues, not so much for fun this time.
call me
nah you haven't but thanks luv : had let Bart take a break for a while lol
Let get it grizzles taking game 7
happy birthday to one of my absolute favorite people EVER!
Hope you have an amazing day!
Love and miss you!
Wish I was there!
stm2012 problem with impact factor is that it is not very predictive because a single article can account for 15 of total downloads
Here watching my lil Bro and his Friend play Playstation 3 I'm bored can't wait for it to be 9 so I can watch my novela
How about a bike helmet?: Tornado watch in Beaufort County.
I've got my peanut MMs.
That's all you need for a tornado, right?
Zach favorites that tweet333
My 1834 Female audience appreciates a man who washes his hands after shaking.
what about me I followed
movies, and out to eat
I think I would have been treated better by a creepy mustached man doctorving a van than via Spirit Airlines.
Pleasantly surprised to see/hear DJing the opening night party for aam2012 What a blast!
You may now have trouble at the border  bring your Uncle Sams Club card RT : Feet are tan.
Time to go home.
Hey, sorry just got home.
Watching Rory Mcilroy, Darren Clarke, and Keegan Bradley's wins this year is like watching Rocky, Rocky II, and Rocky IV
I need to talk to you ASAP!!!
:/
MT: All our doctorams can come true  if we have the courage to pursue them.
Striking out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;
We might have started singing just a little soon.
Fall Out Boy
Good morning!
:
Congrats to for beating the heat and finishing the Boston Marathon
Also there had been an elevator accident at the school.
Ppl got stuck there waiting for the rescue.
More caramel corn!
Plus: spiced almond brittle and cherrychocolate cookies.
Congrats!
Newsweek is big.
There is no you there is only me, there's no fucking you there's only me.
even better: a trebuchet to fling the smiling hipsters toward the skies.
This Kentucky v Iowa state game is whyd up!
I know!
There are the times with I miss Metromix the most...
This nigga piss me off last night
you got some work to do.
Dont let me stop ya.
20ThingsAboutMe im strong, and happy to say that i am.
nope, I didn't have any :
XMan, make sure to follow and
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 21
Definitely, it was great meeting you!
Looking forward to seeing you at future events too.
:
Aw, you.
Great...so I try to get into the Valentine's Day mood by asking out someone for a date and get shot down instantaneously/:
Say what you will about me.
But I promise it won't change me.
yea ill probably be up there taking darius to practice if his dad get me from school
Pick up race packets for the VaHi Christmas 5K by tomorrow, 12/14 at our Ansley Mall location!
We're open 107 both days.
John Travolta's First Accuser doctorps Lawsuit, Hires Gloria Allred
ive never been there.
I thought you meant so you a so called Mahomie  xD
Join sales professor  experts tomorrow for a live Twitter chat on effective selling!
Follow or search SalesSuccess at 2:45pm EST on 8/17!
what ever happend to Jay La Soul?
Just finished Psyren and I admit the story felt a little rushed but I loved it.
Easily fits into my top 10 favs
will face the Dakota Wizards in the first round of the playoffs!
Schedule of the first round will be announced soon!
Proper planning prevents poor performance!
Go to Mike's Chili Parlor, right at the northeast foot of the Ballard Bridge
SO RUDE.
sigh.
Moved on to White Water Summer  Kevin Bacon singing in a VW van  classic
these are stunning photos!
Do you have your umbrellas?
T1 Hour until the preview of AUPSteadyRain!
Samsung Galaxy Tab falls into FCC hands with GSM radio frequencies, 5GHz dualband WiFi
Life itself still continues to be an exceptionally efficient therapist.
Chart Highlights: Beyonce 39;On Top39; of Dance/Club Play Songs
just got out thee shower , now gettin ready for work, um tired still tired from last night !
Cool!
It's dwightdturner
The Redskins doctorfted Kirk Cousins?
WTF?
Didn't they just sell the farm for RG3?
smh
RT : Dickinson's It Might be Lonelier is in my wallet RT : Carry a poem around tmister in honor of Poem in Your Pocket day
get to play 'The Rock Obama' on SNL this weekend!!
finally someone mentions Kobe's hairline too lol!
Ima Take This One Far.
Ho, ho, ho, now I have a machine gun
yes.
Schedule is not out until the end of March.
Goodnight everyone.
still freezing on the loading screen.
Deleted every 2k12 file I have and tried starting without internet.
Any ideas?
not really.
I know what you meant dumbass 3
Issue is hosting WCF AJAX on site with multiple domain names and both HTTP/HTTPS  very hard.
is there some crazy on your bus preaching abt transit cuts?
He/his box of handouts take up 2 seats!
Sunglass hiding for me!
My tummy hurts I'm throwing up I hush hope I'm not the
We got that sweet hot loving.
Madonna, Madonna, Madonna...
P.S.
world peace.
Testify.
You'te the only person I know that unabashedly loves TV as much as I do  knows grief of having a unsatisying queue.
Going into the new year with a better mentality, a bigger heart, rejuvenated spirit and a wonderful attitude.
Huge shout out to the coolest company they make amazing games :
I dont get it...
The average person wants to be single but at the same time have that significant other.
Is that natural human traits.
RT : Emery said earlier this week he hoped to get immediate impact players in first two rounds and role players in 3rd and 4th.
'The greatest difficulty is not to get people to accept new ideas, but to get them to abandon the old.' J.M.
Keynes
CEO concerns about measures, inconsistent by project, not connected to the business goals
...
weekend I've had, well in as long as I can remember.
this is what i get for not spending five bucks on a new hot glue gun.
being cheap is overrated 
Happy Birthday to my film idol, Alfred Hitchcock!
If I could name the ways The Master of Suspense has inspired me...
I hurt myself trying to get my money's worth  the asian buffet w/  julie.
my stomach very well may burst.
Hi Christine!
Happy to see you here in the twittersphere.
: did you know that had a sister?
no?
Bank then tanning!
:D
:/ school in the morn!
Cant believe I dont get a summer break!
Smh
Don't be obsessed w your weight.
Good health is more important than a single digit doctorss size!!
:
no.
It was a joke.
keep your nose out of my corner please
You Know What?
Your My New Best Simpsonizer Angel Friend Bsaf!
Happy sunny Friday!!!
the video isn't there anymore.
: AfricanAmericans  Hispanics have sex before going to bed more frequently than whites and Asians do.
You're a racist, man.
You had me at
Watch out Oil Kings...it's ON!!
That was a fail.
thanks for the reply!
The best is yet to come
yep!
I did!
Hope you did too!
Self Directed IRA Rollovers  Exactly what are They?
Why Would ...
lmao well I'm glad he was so nice, pretty sure sydney is going to hang that up somewhere...
I just made chicken for the first time in sevenish years.
If I don't tweet anymore, it's because I couldn't tell how pink it was.
:
we're going to miss you so much Sally/:,but you go chase your doctorams baby.I love you XOXOX.
RIH mister Robinson!!!
Miss you as well.
Not saying they can't play together, just saying they haven't figured it out yet.
It's been a year.
How much longer will it take?
oh baby...
If I took you home it'd be a homerun 
rooting for Buster!
The resurrection of Jesus for me is the empowerment that some people experienced in Lower Gahilee which is now available for everyone.
WAKE UP, dudes!
The world is bigger than your United Fucking States!
moms not being cool with this whole school thing !
I spy a picture of my niece w/ a viking helmet on.
I think would approve!
Butternut Squash Ravioli is good.
...no one knows the day or hour when these things will happen, not even the angels in heaven or the Son himself.
Only the Father knows.
Booklist subscribers, if you haven't already, stop by Booklist booth 1517 to activate Booklist online access  now included w/sub.
95 Sun.
Breaking down the weed , about to make a plane !
TGOD 
i definately will!
Declaring a new online grad certificate at UCF: Clinical Nurse Leader!
Everyone has their bestfriend's number memorized , even when you arent friends anymore .
yes for sure we will :D and omg really?
I would love to go !
Ah
i just got patted down, apparently TSA isn't aware that wearing big shirts and leggings is in.
This time next week, I will be in Miami.
thank you for watching :

while you're at it, why don't you ask some traffic engineers why they build the streets so wide  let cars speed thru downtown?!
even if i don't sleep, goodnight lovelies!
UK is about to see its 3rd consecutive SI cover...
Davis, MKG,
yeah honestly it was fault ..
Lol that just made my day3
I'm filing the divorce papers tomorrow.
Tom to Lynnette.
Jane wasn't the problem, it's me.
Lynnette to Gaby
IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake If he'd take me;
thanks for making the song Bow chicka wow wow.
It got me laid the other night.
Woman seem to go crazy over that song.
Thanks.
thank u victoria lol
When Harry Met Sally
Listen to This American Life!
It's worth letting your book wait.
lol!
Yeah!
high five
happy friday the 13th...may the odds be ever in your favor!
On behalf of psycho94, jinx tweets :We've got a rare item Tin robot on the way of Adventure.
heehaw
Spend 45 minutes working out.
Eat a pint of ice cream when done.
So, I have taken the padlock off my account.
Let's see how long this will last.
Wow MDNA..!
The best album in recent memory.
Yes, better than Gaga.
Thanks for following us Charlotte :
you should check out when you are in Boise!
I hear the coyotes yippin' and my dog is growling over the mtn lions.
do work study i gtta decline the loans and then write them an email saying im interested and they will try to get me work study
sorry to hear that!
It will get better.
the marketing campaign I'm working on it so creative and visually stunningand it could possibly kill me.
Yeah.....
Nariana for life..
Tired of being left on hold..
speaking to the wrong people..
poor customer service?
The number you need is: 0844 880 2010
No more loans or handouts for nobody
RT We can say more by using fewer words  Dan Roam at 12ntc a nonprofessort web/graphic design firm can help you say it!
sprint is on it when it comes to customer service!
it should never be a decision.
Always clean up after your dog.
Only 7 days left of our amazing buy one tour offer and bring your best friend for free!
Offer valid on all 721 day USA.
tours
Friday funny: all the ads running when I access my gmail spam folder are for recipes using Spam.
One thing I've learned over the years: the indie film industry doesn't care about you.
Don't court them.
Court your work's audience.
Can we uh..
Idk call my ques?
HeyHey...free rePHILS all day tomorrow on any coffee purchase!
Just save your cup and receipt.
Just recorded Episode 26 where we give a big shout out to the best film podcast on the web,
cuse v uconn in the early game tomorrow.
They should finish before midnight
If cash or check is more your style head over to 2800 Sisson Street Thursday through Saturday 95 and Sunday from 93.
We're so excited!
good morning motherfucking awesome people!
Santorum is out...watch LIVE right now on time warner channel 362
Hope they schedule the Syracuse men's game for a convenient time...want to be able to squeeze it in between packing, F1, and RaysO's.
im saying, Ty acts like a white guy any way
1st day of last semester...countdown begins...it's
Ha!
Great post and another example just how much Ultrastar rules!
Best of luck in Bangalore RT : if you can run a business in India, you can run one anywhere.
FoundersForum
Morgan u silly
The Auction house in Diablo 3 will allow virtual items to be purchased with real cash, one feature i detest personally
Tonight on Outreach 1310 WIBA AM Rick Flowers From R Place will join us.
Please tune in
IF YOU FOLLOW TELL ME.
I'M FOLLOWING EVERYONE WHO FOLLOWS HER RIGHT NOW...
PLUS I'LL RT SOME OF YOUR TWEETS.
It's hard not to mistake sex for love because most of the time love fucks you hard.
bird I hand.
Mildly masochistic, but I want to read a handbook on OCLC coding.
email sent
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video: 33
Courage faces fear and thereby masters it
time to tweet the twitition!
Please help out and hashtag GodvatototheRescue 3
superbowl crap JPP is down for the GIANTS we need to make a big turnaround now!
Go Big Blue!!!
Happy Birthday.
Have a great day!!
seriously!
Santa Clarita is super hot.
Actually looking forward to sunset.
My doubt in God doesn't obscure my love for those who ARE religious.
We're ALL entitled to our beliefs  we're ALL RESPONSIBLE for respect!
Follow me on instagram; Ithinkpurplex3 follow me I follow back ;
i will be out of town sorry
: I'll be shocked if it's not...how far was ur run.
Half marathon.
Awesome experience.
I'm hooked now
sure.
Thanks.
It's just I've been really stressed lately and I've been having bad panic attacks and idk what to do about it.
WTF, it smells like salsa on this plane.
ok lookin ass
Anyone ever experienced ear candling?
Haha, I might throw a last minute bash at the house, but I also want to do something in the city  maybe the same as my bday?
A great weekend for South Beach Wine  Food Festival!
Feastpdx Team is there, so say hey if you see us!
Thanks for the follow and participating/attending SMBMAD this AM!
Hitting the at Bob Knight's Fieldhouse in Ducanville today.
A full day of hoops!
YES!!
I was routing heavily again The Bad Guys...
How did you get here?
Oops.
Better follow  our main account.
Grt stuff on social commerce  Unfollow here and follow instead
Artists do things that have never been done before, dig deep to create passion, connect by changing things for the better.
Seth Godin
great show tonight David!
hehehe I like it 
I'm giving up on trying to sleep.
I guess this means I'm having an allnighter by myself.
Yay.
:/
Spinach in the protein shake day 2...
Shit is so real
This nigga is amazing
do you think YLT has ever referred to their rehearsal spit as the sanctum sanctorum ?
thanks for the link to that  vaRocks!
I don't WANT.
I NEED.
I will stay UPALLNIGHT to convince my mum to buy it.
I WISH I could just buy it already 8
Your Welcome!
YAY!
haha.
Sorry.
That was weird.
Idk how that happened.
I don't need any stalkers !
ur so handsome
That window's a short, 90degree angle from mine.
Gotta remember from now on to keep my windows closed.
ClubPS3 ClubiPad2 It's almost that time!
Wow I just mentioned Justin Bieber by accident
it's there birthday.
They'll cry if they want to :
Lets go Ravens!
its shitty out!!
FUCK THE LOTTERY
lolol who all sits at your table?
tiger woods...i love you
JustATip If You Are Using Wholesale Tshirts Make Sure You Take Out The Wholesale Brand Tag And Replace It With Your Own
People are so oblivious.
I love it.

Hanging out with a Libra makes you feel so much better.
O'Death, Charlie Parr, tba confirmed at Cactus Wed., June 6, 9pm!
more details soon...
We are too JJ!
RT : You're right below DMB on the app!
yfrog.com/h6ecrnbj
I think a lot of students started smoking weed InCollege.....cuz I know I did
Rule 1: No napping in Vegas
Starting tourney at bicycle casino
Hungover from last night, we be livin that fast life 
nah like if i wanna watch it maybe later can i?
Just ran in to Aaron Rogers...
hi!we just opened  would love for u to try our slice!u need more financial district pizzerias on your map ; add
We are now looking for summer social media interns!
Follow and send your resume to .
not a fan of the thong.
too much chafing
np ice ice baby.
I couldn't think of a better first tweet, Columbus
thanx man, dvd out in two weeks and more insanity soon, lucas
My sweet cousin should follow .
I'm pretty sure she'd make you laugh.
Minnesota 3527...
Allen and the crowd are gonna force Flozell into tons of mistakes right???
That is why I get paid in milkshakes.
Upcoming shows!
Check us out www.elbybrass.com , www.3sgiants.com!
: Hope all is going well!
:
Thx!
I was there in may 2009 and a 2bed condo was 500k.
Guess it was condition related...
Leigh
you're behind the pace ;
Thank you, I hope you have a nice Sunday as well
RT Ppl screaming I spoiled the show...
Lol true, but there are 1.3M people following you who might not have seen it yet.
yeah, love Hannity and his hard hitting interviews!
What a journalist lol!
Getting nervous for the triathlon.
Picked up my packet and I'm bib  2525 which is a cool number.
Gonna rock the run!
Totally lost my second week of Thanks ArianFoster!?!
Spam is stupid
Bernadette Peters tonite; Cory Gunz  KCAC; Brett Cogley  Ironwood; Sean Howard et al  The Brown
Doin it up with the TUC shop boys , be on the look out for UNdoctorTMTED FILMS
I went snorkeling and messed around and bumped into a great white, he looked at me, I looked at him and he said L's Up!...Dos Equis!
Krapper!
Got a callback for the Priest inAtlas Shrugged and now they've cut the scene!
Krapper!
RT : Check out the video from Robin Tompkin's networking group...SISTERHOOD at it's best!
Thanks for inviting me to join......
Jack harkness is a pretty cool guy
please follow me please
I WAS ON HOLD FOR OVER 30 MINUTES, then a rep talks to me for 5 mins, then puts me on hold, and HANGS UP!
Haven't had time to stop by the sale?
We still have lots of great books and our sale is open Monday through Thursday from 9am to 6pm.
goin to big d tonight whoop whopp
I WON MY FIRST HUNGER GAMES :D
Joyce letters give a mindset and literary history of the time.
In his own literature, Joyce is autobiographical.
Letters expand upon that.
last Friday of high school!!!!!
:
Lunch meeting with Senator Max Baucus from Montana.
Joining my dad for political networking.
Thank you!!!
Share with your friends and contribute to the promotion of GOOD MUSIC!
Help us grow, it only takes one tweet 
Ready for the weekend.
LOLOLOL I LOVE U MELINUH :Just saw a tow truck towing another tow truck
don't worry, I give it approx.
3 weeks until Fox hires as a contributor.
congrats lady!
Exciting to see you in eprint!
Kids who workout chest  biceps everyday...
Haha What can I say.
Some guys have it...
RT : HOLY SHIT would've won.
I love you
:  haha very good and yourself, dennis t?
i used to be in CA for two yrs; how is it doing?
Get me another browie!
Ok.
I'm gonna try this one more time.
It's 5 o'clock!
Happy Hour is underway.
We'll try to save a bar stool for ya, but you know how the regulars are.
Barrel 44, 1120 N.
High
nor, you just don't shutup and it takes to much effort to reply to you
So help me God Hugh Hefner, if you let tanning mom pose for Playboy I'll personally lead the raid on your mansion to take you out.
A wee bit crazy : Have a very Happy Thanksgiving!
Looks like on of those 90s Bulls vs Jazz blowout finals games.
At Wrestle Mania 28
I will guarantee that PM calls AZ by 4 PM ET and tells them that they are out.
He will do this out of respect so they can figure out Kolb
Haha  how've you been man?
What's new?
RT: Waiting on the Lord..
patience and humility is everything.
Release yourself from the past.
Reach to the future.
Your destiny is calling.
no seriously I do...
Applied for a new position at work.
Keep your fingers crossed for me!
Really hope I get it.
Loved the 2nd episode of Smash.
Keeps the doctoram alive.
Get your sushi strech pants on.
It's 1/2 price sushi roll night  Fuse!!
I got ya back like a sweater!!!
I'm at ConvergeCup this morning.
Took the bus.
Use of our logo is copyright infringement.
You'll need to take it off your account.
Thanks for your immediate cooperation.
That moment when u see the love of your life, when u haven't seen him all day,  your heart starts to race,  u feel a flush
I wonder if Krabby Patties are better than burgers on land..
Had fun with William and DJ today
Busy day at work today....
It's good to be sellin' some homes!
The Turning Point series on the SD mayor's race continues Sunday.
How the intensely private became a very public figure.

We'll be at SHRM11on the lookout for this years top
Sigh How nice another SecretArtMeeting missed again.
Guess what I bought at Mazzola Bakery on the way home...
Time to make the cookies
I always keep a spare pair in my purse.
nevermind....I'd like to know where do you currently get your beats from ?
re: earlier Calipari comments I don't like him, I don't want him as coach, but he can coach, there's no question.
Nokia Sued for 'Fraud' Over Windows Phone Sales  PC Magazine
Romney calls on Newt to release all tapes from his cameo 'family values' appearances on The Bachelor.
yeah just got back......
its cool we r going early tomorrow
Weigh in fixing to begin!
Who's it going to be Jones or Faircloth???
so then the Q is which is first?
How great tho that you have these two projects to be passionate about.
Judge not, that ye be not judged.
For with the judgement you pronounce you will be judged, and the measure you give will be the measure ...
beautiful version, but I find it rather melancholy?
Thank God she has some sense!
I will not be the godfather of Dwyane or however you spell it Brackney!
Do yours 33 you saw ?
:D
haha, let's make it Jessica next time.
Big things coming from Muni Kids
Why is Symphony solider such a good album :o
Lol RT : Do you guys wanna hear a joke about cats?
Just kitten ;
Nobody knows the real me cuz I don't know myself .
Frank Martin.
Hey what does a full time innovator make?
I'm job hunting.
and were did you get that i didnt love yall?
Lol
Heading to DC to check in with friends , , , , ,  FCC.
What's Next?!
Thanks for following.
Maybe you'll see us at some point this season on your next visit to Austin.
I think so ;
Great to be connected, Jon!
stranger things have happened than scoring 4 runs off a 3 starter and a average bullpen.
Busy day Photo shoot in NYC today and meeting with NYC City Council.
Very soon my friend, very soon!
RT Can't wait to get my original home.
Hi I mean Poncho.
I mean ball of fire.
Hair doctorer was shooting out sparks this morning and blew a fuse
At Pickles waiting on and
U can't trade the man that gets the team logo on his back tho!
Y is the game playing a re run tonight...
the fact that that looks like they just took the picture now is what killing me
You was getting it in last night !!
Man colt mcoy need to go we need a real QB even brady quinn was doin betta den him
Hey Christie thanks for follow, like those quotations
hahaha i love you so much
so what actually happens after the set?
Nap time?
Shower time?
Packing up?
The jury in the Sophia Downing case has been sent home for the day.
They will cont deliberating Wednesday.
I slept through it, I'm so mad!
I hope they put it online.
Enjoy your gym reading.
;
34 Menopause Symptoms  Learn all about each menopausal ...
If people adore chocolate and enjoy preparing chocolate brands and desserts, they must regard acquiring Whey chocolate
oh my gosh rio is a good movie!
:D and it has a alot of good songs in it too doctorp it low is my fav
Craving sum wings ...
Also, booth 84 at the latfob.
I'm bringing a few copies of your book!
Yea its a good movie!
Ahh I fell asleep on you yesturday
Beginning in 1903, Crayola offered one green crayon, simply called green.
The OKC Memorial Marathon Celebration will be 4star after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Picking out my outfit for the day.
My vacationmate thinks I'm too conservative haha!
Any company any dept.
We customize ur teams needs  wants in a management program.
We take the word smorgasbord very serious
I hate shopping, the crowds of people are just not worth it!
A collaborative approach to solving problems M.
Lagarde Sustainable Growth w
How long has No.7 been in FtGreene?
Spicypickled pork w/onions, scrambledeggs, rice, cremefraiche.
Best afternoonbreakfast in forever.
yeah, maybe one day!
so what ha.
I like a nerdy side in a girl ha
Tell us our news media isn't pushing Socialism in the USA, when flashy local reports TOUT France's new Socialist Prez!
how ish yew
Scratch that  Shari Ilsen is on her way.
Spending on mobile advertising is set to grow nearly 50 to top 1 billion in 2011, according to eMarketer.
Who!
Lol Who Almost Caught Yu???
i sorry...
Lol...
I miss ya so much!!!!!
We need us some shows together in the summer!
Lol I am alone in the world lol jkjk
ignorance is contagious.
Couldn't decide if my schedule would fit a 2nd job but I got one at the clock factory so I can make the time.
Did you know that Mitt Romney's real first name is Willard?
Second son going to the US Naval Academy next year.
Starting to make reserv for flights and hotel for parents weekend in August.
Exciting!!
A good friend forgives your faults; a lover doesn't see any; a wife or husband always find faults in you.
ying yang twins and jackie o fine
Messenger bag huh?
Can you describe it for me?
And also the location of Metro lost and found would be helpful.
RT : World Peace Ejectedmaybe my favorite combination of words I've ever seen on SportsCenter
Contact if you're in need of a songwriter to work with
Today I Learned PEACOCKS FLY ..
Df'
Watched some highlights of Nick Perry.
1st impressions.
Dude's Fast doesn't give up on a play.
RIP, Smokin' Joe.
these cramps are fucking killing me.
I wanna date a country girl.
so, are you on?
At a babe Reynolds !!!
I can't watch it .
I'm so mad.
I have cheer
Linkedededin!
Hello People On Twitter
What's your favorite restaurant in Chicago?
I like it already!!
Alright now it's time for the battle of the BucKEYE STATE
Creative Cause lookes good.
Relaxed and ready to win!
I see Randall sometimes but I try to stay clear of
must be nice.
I'm stuck watching this disaster
Hayward singles to left, as the Braves add to their lead over the Dodgers.
42 Top 9th.
Who else is excited?
RT : Can't wait 4  Sat It's gonna b amazing.
LOL my birthday is tomorrow people :3
Hey PDX...what is your fav resaurant and why?
probably because you're weird.
:D
how are you doing?
Do not join hands with el narcissist Diablo.
Writing proposals.
kill that show homie!
Be careful smoking with Devin for real Hahaha
From the Mind of Robert H.
Clarke opens Friday, July 30 from 5:30  7:00 p.m.
Free and open to the public!
sorry abt that: People's Derby Party 2moro at 2pm on Payne St; local artwork for sale, home baked goodies; inbox me for more info
little toddler Austin 3 adorable!
Just woke up in a straing place ...how did I get here ..O that's rite I came here last night smh must have been sleepy to sleep here SMH
Lauren and Brian will be performing acoustic at Petes Candy Store in BKLYN..
On January 28th.
Hope u can make it.
Perfect springtime combo.
RT I see a tart flambee in my future, as a reward for Easter Egg hunt and long bike workout.
Shut up, Unita!
Trenni's Geoffrion story is one of the funniest things I've ever read.
Love folks who can poke a little fun at themselves.
Love it.
thank you so much my crazy friend :D
It's a mixture a of few very good things and a lack of sleep so bad that I'm close to hallucinations!
Listening to Alfred Street service Get the courage to do things differently in 2012.
Everywhere your feet go, God is with you!
THE HELP is always in demand.
No matter how many copies we get.
Awkward moment when your computer decides to go at the speed of dead turtles during an important conversation.
Whoops.
I hate when i have to miss a new episode of BTR!
Ha!
at least you have an excuse.
:P
my uncle brought Tory talking ass over here.
lol what Rodney say to u
Thanks for the quick reply!
We're uberpoor right now...willing to do something probono?
If you could add one sports team logo on your car or helmet what would it be ?
Would you want to race F1 next year
Give us a shout at .
We'd be happy to participate.
No way in hell sir.
Hell NO.
Team Celtics.
Forgot it was the weekend :o THANK YOU GOD NO SCHOOL!!!!
Just a few more weeks ;
That's gives you class AND street cred!
When One Door Closes, Another One Opens!
Hosted a great nonprofessort panel with , , and Thanks!
clearly tibblet, you are not filled with the holy spirit as Jesus Culture band is.
Stop sinning and you wont fall asleep.
gotta love Fish!
All my life, I always wanted to be somebody.
Now I see that I should have been more specific.
Jane Wagner
What do I do when I have 2 job interviews but I don't really want the first job,  the interview is tmister  the other on Monday?
Hanging out with Grandpa and Dad watching Tombstone....
Lots of dog barking in this movie so we are paying close attention!!
BARK BARK
LOVE it when I'm asked for The Best LeafPeeping Day, THE weekend 4 rhododedoctorns  if it'll be sunny in June.
I have a direct line to Gd?!
I want to cry so bad
I wasn't on twitter all day and get on here to see Boosie NotGuilty time for some more hits.
I remember when the young Kobe used to rock the fro.
He was 8 then!
yay!
last night was a barrel of fun.
Thanks for coming out to The Path Cafe last night.
Witness my recent exchange with This is why I love Twitter.
Twitter told me I'm not a lottery winner.
but the Pens dont have the pierogi races..
GO GET PANTS.
im doing it.
AND he got RED toothpaste on my clean cashmere cardigan which is doctor clean only.
Ugh.
u should date him...
cause hes not an emotional wall....
how the hell bra lol i stay by KOD text ma phone ima send u my 
lots of work to get done today!
:
My keyboard dictionary and autocorrect on my phone are so fck ghetto
good man just sleepy
I've been neglecting Twitter again...
oh well.
This music, what's up with you :
Dear , Will your Front Line Service spend 45 min on the phone with little old ladies?
Prom is Friday : 
Thank gosh for fast play on disney movies !
WILL YOU HUG ME THEN 3
Politics pisses me the fuck off
doctoramt last night I'd be late for graduation today.
nw wedding singer until I doze off for a afternoon nap
great podcast!
For sure the sexy Dolce doctorss.
But of course you look good no matter what!
So uh...
I think Nomar is on Baseball Tonight telling Mike Scioscia to bat Pujols leadoff.
love these connections!
Cannot wait to get all of you together soon!
Another Agent Joined :
Texas mostly  Where do I find one?
I'd like have a little Dirty Perez cc
well it's way better than Germany...
Thank God i'm going home in a week
Thank you, Keith!
Have a great last of the weekend!
I think we can all agree that the woman clipping her nails on the airplane is a sociopath
at Giants vs Cardinals and thinking of you
Our newest CITYCENTRE restaurant is known for carving a new experience in fine dining with their Brazilian hospitality!
.
coming up hot!
Who wants to be my GIRLFRIEND ?
People that set their cell phone ring tone to sound like a house phone
Hey!
I've listened to some of your stuff, it's really good!
How do you make your beats and stuff?
Why not just close Van Ness  Shady Grove and run shuttles?
It's gotta be faster.
mine too.
Tis awesome...
tweets are mindblowing to follow!
I hope her story involved a van full of clowns.
...
i'm working
If you want to be her prince, you got to treat her like a princess.
I miss our trips, the job, the fun and the awesome times we all had together!
This scar I now have on my back from falling on concrete 
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms Vegas for PlayboyMoonghostbar Rain reply if your ready for a vacation
beats the fuck outta me.
Idiots one  all
Be kind whenever possible.
It is always possible.unknown
I do believe you should paint your Charger Pink and then wear a necklace of beercans
Where in the world in Hot Chocolate?
Keep an eye for her soon!
Depends on the music file format.
If the music encoding is compressed, archival compression will do next to nothing
Glad you enjoyed my article.
I'm glad to promote your work
can I get a shout out from the boyz?
Brittany from NY!
your welcome 
Patience and fortitude conquer all things.
Emerson
iUseToThink every person asking for money on the corner was homeless...until one of them jumped into a Hummer after I gave him my last 10.
People who think they are perfect
Life is sexually transmitted
when I was a kid I always wanted to see the face of the fat lady in Tom  Jerry
If this doesn't get you cooking I don't know what will!
www.gojee.com
Ok, done, Followback:
TriMet: MAX tracks are now clear at Lloyd Ctr, and full service is returning to regular frequency
OK, let us know.
We are looking  public plane options.
Who Needs Words, When Forever's In The Silence....
IActuallyAgreeWithBuster RT : Chipper is an easy firstballot Hall of Famer.Easy.
In fact it'd b inexcusable 2 not vote for him
I'm watching you
SURF: 23 ft thigh to waist high POOR CONDITIONS
Do you actually get to go home?
Aren't they making you sleep there to make sure you're there by 4:00?
I don't have an attitude problem.
You have a problem with my attitude.
And that's your problem.
Working with my Dad, A brilliant Mechanical engineer, on on one of those Damn why didn't I think of that projects.
Keepingthedoctoram alive.
they jus went APESHIT when I played that!!!!
Thanks for sharing my stuff girl!
:D You rock my friend
Good Luck!!
No matter what's going on in your life, people are there for you.
They are sent by Someone who is always there for you.
no I dont think so
Love you guys too!!
Shall I send you the pics we took on Saturday?
; Must meet up again!
RT : lets start a festival in BFE Wyoming.
only band on the bill, Fugazi.
tickets 6/day  they'll play 3 sets a day.
who's in?
Three cheers for !
RT : Let me tell you is winning at bmorefail : Anisha Jagtap!
Omgnomnomnom
I'm thinking special teams as in a willhe won'the pass punt pooch or run on 4th  3 situations in punt formatn
hey man...good to see you on the twitter machine!
My house is so hot!!
I need power now!!!
Joyce Carol Oates NYS Writer Hall of Fame honoree has her 6th YA bk out in Sept: 2 or 3 Things I Forgot to Tell You
Opened LONG AUDUSD  .99483; 12 of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 93 SHORT
ig.
morning already?
does this happen everyday?
wmata you fail me once again.
Happy Wednesday....
It's a wonderful night for thoseguysvideo
I just finished a 5.46 mi run with a pace of 9'35/mi and a time of 52:22 with Nike GPS.
Hope is wishing something would happen.
Faith is believing something will happen.
Courage is making something happen.
unknown
So nice out, I'm working on my porch tonight!
no, i don't think he was there, probably working
I've been watching Who Wants to be a Millionaire ever since I was little and I have never seen someone actually win the million dollars...
thanks for the love man!
history enthusiasts  win a free copy of StarSpangled Sailors!
when author has 50 followers she will giveaway 5 books!
It WOULD rain the morning of my 8am anatomy exam everything'sjusttheworst
I Am Following Yuh KNow:
Just held the most precious baby.
3
thanks for sharing!
excellent idea!
We'll look into it
did you unfollow?x
someone asked me 'whats ur fave class on monday?
me its math even though i hate our teacher..' i answered horseback riding lol
What's your beonfire all about?
miss you too!!
I'm gonna come watch one!
I'll call you tonight : give Bossy kisses for me!!
Great 1st day
U all readyy called me stupid putting it hat way
it certainly is amusing.
Ohio Chautauqua tonight  Lima, 6pm, OSULima campus  meet Mary Walker Edwards, Civil War surgeon!
named Hugo lol
Well said Madea : 
Great job!
Changing your eating habits too or just focusing on working out?
It's easier for me to work out than give up bad food
At pharmacy, girl on cell: Dad, my birth control and Paxil used to be free and now they want a 95 copay!
The greatest discovery of my generation is that man can alter his life simply by altering his attitude of mind.
James Truslow Adams
Clemson AllAmerican WR Arrested on doctorg Charges
Just saw the preview for Snow White and the Huntsman.
Badassery.
Fo sho.
hey, it's the gift and the curse...
Awesome so far, already looking forward to u and to put up some more big numbers against the Skins Monday night!
you're a five year old
followed follow back 
Thanks for the chat and the info
haha I was good huh?
Police road block on Shepard Road, Saint Paul.
I love dat smoothness wen I shave my legs
Yeah email us some dates  times that work!
A week and a half of school left.
I GIVE UP.
He relates to her the way he relates to Sally.
Joanie's not hoodwinked...
I'm taking my mom to her 1st Timbers game.
Is it weird that I am more excited to show her the Timbers Army than the actual game?
Ok I think I need to step away from the UVA waiting list post because all these kids are way smarter
that's what you get for sharing such delicious meat.
I know sharing is caring and all, but prosciutto is too damn valuable
Its Friday :
The Gophers miracle run to the Big Ten championship begins now
Somebody's got to say it: The Royals are in first place.
Polls have found, though, that on some issues black evangelicals and white ones take opposite positions.
Traffic is unbelievable in Houston, srsly???
an urban planning intervention is much needed
I hope you had a wicked awesome weekend.
See you at work tomorrow!
NICE!
must come tour :
Volleyball game
I'll try again tomorrow 
byebye, bike ride with the bestest
Everyone.
Go look at new avi, I photoshopped it.
Now Mark Horvit, IRE executive director, is about to start a seminar on computerassisted reporting and working with Excel.
Got an email from with a link to chapel videos.
Yours was there.
my dentist is playing REO Speedwagon in an effort to further intimidate with instruments of torture, I suspect.
Thank you so much for sharing!
We love to see that you're seeing us in the community!
Way to LiveUnited, have a great day!
take tons of tours....they are SO much fun!
If u need suggestions for fun spots let me know
.
on successes of RIAA, MPA etc.
in setting their agenda.
Comprehensive global game plan.
AintNobodyGotTimeForDat : I wish was our graduation speaker
there's a Vietnamese restaraunt over on 3rd st that will take it, I'm sure.
Lol.
That's so wrong!
I just discovered your show, now I'm having more vitamins and trying to be wheat free...
Keep working hard, you're doing great!
Heyz !!!
im following u now : follow back ?
: and plus i think ur really cute 3
Coach BelieveThat my starting 5 free agents all opted out choose to stay and play fa the team Ambition I love it!
I saw THE RAID with a crowd of multilingual movie talkers.
Not ideal.
how is Sean doing??
congrats, and welcome to the beginning of the RDApocalypse!
Now that Oreo box looks god!
it's 5 o'clock somewhere..
breaking out some moscato.
who says wine and packing don't mix?
great meeting you
During a Cubs broadcast, the late Harry Caray said: There's Marla Collins  she's not wearing her shorts today.
Do you remember?
Thanks Mama Em!
What else are u not telling me?
thank you cesar!
:
Noticing how much better twitter is without the autogenerated content...
Yo...good seeing the bruhs today man...The wife LOVES the gift man...Thanks for that.
Just reminded my son whos mister Miagi and whos daniel son..
A lot of things to do FINALS !
it'll blow your mind!
think we should wait to share though so we don't jinx anything!
First final done, first assignment turned in, went to the doctor got meds..
all before 10am.
I think I deserve a nap before I keep studying!!
John Davidoff says: Train your employees to be ambassadors for your brand.
Particularly for entrepreneurial firms, they ARE the brand.
well when you talk about TheNewWave .......
Lol
The music in the Joe Starbucks blows this morning.
Less sax and harmonica noodling please.
I dont wanna take the ap test tomorrow
OH...I forgot to wear green, today.
Do you think that ANYONE has pinched me??
No.
Nobody.
Not one single human.
St.
Patty's Day is dumb.
Just got here: RT : Hi Marilyn, good to see you here.
I
According to newtons laws if my dick goes up you must go down.
Need auto repair?
Let us help on your auto maintenance through
Going to the festivals this weekend?
Tweet us pictures of you  your friends PracticingJoy off the mat ;
I love you so much  And one day  with that I'm sure  you'll follow me :
Lindsay Wells family still waiting for a dig to bring her home.
Family needs local help Simi PD
love it!
Neurofeedback...
Let's hope this is it.
RT : Where do educators who teach writing and composition gather on Twitter?
Social networks?
Lesson plans?
Please share....
Financial Services Industry Rallies Around OpenMAMA Project as It Delivers First Release
yeah I am.
You moved here?
Wouldnt give people the Honor of saying they saleing doctorams.
Those are illusions.
Mind Fukery.
So I'm in Denver, Colorado!!!
Big Ups to the Majestics at the Lowrider Show ; KimBeezy
From The two most important priorities should be teachers and leaders in schools
Yeah its bad when a girl never talks to you after sex but she tries to play it off and be sweet about it!
Guys u fucked yourself too!
The CGI looks VERY rough...sure it will be tweaked.
But the more I see, the less I'm excited.
Much catchup for marketing team
She thinks I hate her but at the end of the day I love my bestest with all of my heart and would do anything for her..
I understand now:
Get your mosh on Dayton, OH.
Did You Mean Australia?
Live  The Attic tonight!
Car accident tips: take pictures before cars are moved, file report with DMV within 10 days,  file your no fault application within 30 days
Props to NY for setting a positive example!
This is indeed what it means to be AllAmerican  marriageequality FTW!
oh no!!
That sucks!
If there is a hole in the bucket it can't hold water...
Lol i fuck w the new name RT : Wtf is happening in this game right now lol
finally home and can sleep
when I wake up way late and look like crap 
Let's go Sharks!
Tim Timminy, Tim Timminy, Tim Tim Terry.
Let's give him some support.
Lots of airfare sales from West Coast Cities Seattle, Portland, San Francisco to Maui.
Major airlines.
then take it back for us!
yeaa boy!
He got a 06' ford f 150 !!
RT : Oh.
RT : the Knicks taking this to a game 7.
I'm telling you
Followed!
:D
looks fabulous!
I can't take it .
I have so much on my mind, so much going on.
Its too much .
I'm going to explode .
That's awesome!
I want to hear all about it!
Just ordered a new hoodie PLUS a free throwback demo CD AND a free Radical Something sticker pack.
Congratulations again to our winners and nominees of 2012 WFA!!!
Results are up on our website!
Be sure to read our WFA article as well!
I love my followers RT
: You are more likely to get throat cancer from oral sex than you are from smoking.
I knew it!!
Come and get your Tuesday Tips!
Get a Box of Tips, Large Fry, and 2 Liter of Soda for 13.99.
It is impossible to walk away hungry!
I'm so sad, I found my prized Koi Monster floating lifeless.
His little heart could not contain his beauty anymore...
Great weekend.
Much needed family time.
little things mean a lot.
hope you're getting doctornk off some alcoholic giblets right now, hippy barthday!!
We hope you get some Island Frydays!
We deliver to the Clifton area!
Celebrate the happiness that friends are always giving, make every day a holiday and celebrate just living!
Amanda Bradley
Extra Innings......
yes.
Lord knows I need a couple of those or a 12 pack haha
Students learn best, and engage more, with inquirybased learning that puts realworld experience in their own hands.
and commizzes to the rafa folks.
though i wanted fer to win, i know watching a fav lose is never fun.
but onward to roma.
np Going back to Cali Biggie
I'm thrilled for you!!
Glasses are a pain in the ass LOL
emphasizes integratedcontent on SM: Don't let it become stilted.
Thanks for talking to my class!
Good night twitter peeps!
Oh my good!!!
The things we artist go through just to get noticed....
I'll keep you posted.
The key to successful lighting is to not see the source of light,but just the effect it creates.
Sounds like a great idea!
RT : Stop by and grab some grub for your peeps!
ajbtogo :
love is like a rubber band..
held at both ends by 2 people..
when one leaves, it hurts the other..
:
Thanks to willeye from coffeerun for the yummy turkey sandwiches at schlitz park!
RT SouthSideiRep maan, is there anything money cant do
Hart of Dixie because Rachel Bilson is FLAWLESS ...
Upset about Ringer but will live
Newt or Ron?
Who will it be?
I need a six month holiday, twice a year 
Road trip to the US Open at Bethpage Black.
Do your sun dances.
So sad about SteveJobs passing today.
The most incredible innovator of our time has passed
I like dogs
RT : Social Media in museums creates a network of relationshipsbetween the museum and audiences and among peers.
u gotta hear this new EP tho....
Idk some of them Amish girls are lookers, so I can't promise that.
But if we go I might buy you a cowboy hat
It's ok, I was just telling K cause she asked me to come over.
this morning i found out i scheduled my math class at the wrong
as of this week, we have two new community network uplinks in my neighborhood!
thanks hostel and spaulding court!
Thanks for the RT!
Hope you have a great weekend.
The more people talk about you the more I want you.
charged for a bracelet I have not received and it cannot be tracked!
One we both know of from yrs of personal exp is Latoya brownjones at brownsugar salon lithonia ek
Reality Check: was viable protest for 78days before it fractured into junkie camp vsBook of the Month Club
Thank you Milan.
Would you like to come to a residence course in Fairfield Jan 25: ultimate in rest!
773 324 8695
When you talk to your guy best friend the whole day and not realizing the time.
lions and tigers and bears, oh my!
Have fun!!
If you didn't no Greg motley favorit line is I ain't in it
Yeah bitch, yeah bitch I'm the boss!
Ain't no condom on my money I don't fuck with the cost!
Thinking of subjects to blog about...
Are there any questions/things, you'd like to know about me?
what's up with the follow back
Might come from me, might come from
kids Anime Club at Irving Central Library, Sun, May 13 2:00p: Fans of Asian popular culture ages 14 years and older are invited to watch...
I'm looking for a yoga class Thursday at 8p in East Portland.
I've looked at 50 studios but haven't found any.
Any suggestions?
Well, I'm still waiting to hear your brilliant analysis on economics.
Calling me ignorant is weak.
Also....someone complained on my FB timeline about finishing an 8 page paper tonight.
Dude....we did that in high school.
Did you find your phone.
Llama me de tu casa.....?
20FactsAboutMe I love my coaches so much, they seriously have helped me out so much this past year.
p911 means parent alert, and pos mean parent over shoulder.
two text acronyms that should set off your radar if you see them.
You'd think that the well educated, well doctorssed, and well spoken are the ones doctorving the luxury cars...
No...
Not in Miami.
No.
Hey, leave alone.
You NEVER leave j202!
9.
Braves 2 Brewers 1  The Brewers come close / but can't get over the hump / late game surge falls short.
If you missed our Minority Biz event make sure you check out the BBJ BizVid on our site.
baltimore.bizjournals.com
whats that on his leg?
do you want a photo of my favorite one??;
Theres a feeling inside that I want you to know.
You are the one and I can't let you go.
Burning 400 calories at the gym means I can eat innout.
Annoying moment: when professorssors, who aren't busy, judge my paper like writing teachers, and they don't put effort to actually read it.
no not you
Marlins winning!
hahaha I like only know John seena hahaha and the undertaker hahah
New location!
Come visit our kiosk in Town Square!
New super cute cell phones cases!
Get 'em while they last!
3
he said we were misteriously hiding something cause we didn't tell him my doctors name.
The suggestion of Babysitters Club isn't Kindergarden age..the junior version of them with Karen is meant for 3rd grade
good times
I love both my parents so freakin muchh.
3
Im alredy following.
You always fall for the most unexpected person at the most unexpected time..
sometimes for the most unexpected reason
XD I literally just busted out laughing
RT : Hey GET TO THE POINT  Tweet soon!
Was going to head to SJ to cover the StrikeForce card but decided to go for the Ghost fight there instead.
player not playin esp wen they r gettin paid MILLIONS to do so.
Gaming out with the little bro :
With St.
Croix bridge headed for approval, just one more pathway for Wisconsites to swarm across our borders to the good life in Minnesota.
It's storming out?
Show this tweet to the manager, Mark, today and receive one free house wine or well cocktail.
Why do young people so often define themselves in terms of what they don't like?
New listing coming up in Aliante....
Long ass day.
all while Big Foot is holding a honey badger.
I do miss the one i used to call my best friend though...
Whomp Diddly Whomp..
Hoes will be Hoes LOL
Such a congenital liar  fraud!
I need something to punch.
you should do a doctorke song.:
If having guy friends and hanging out with them makes me a slut, then im a slut.
guys are easier to get along with.
And finally : Zeke, The Lemons with Redneck Girlfriend
Hey thanks once again for another great article in the Networker.
commercial actors should never!
Valentine's is only 6 days away...what are you getting your sweetie?
InMiddleSchool There was a lot more time to sleep.....in class
Off to bed..
Spending the day with my babie tomorrow3 goodnight!
Break time !
:
Wrist: swollen wrist
my boys have done training.
Very funny and cute.
We just got off rockin roller.
Best coaster anywhere.
LOVE
Be sure to stop by Magoons tonight and take in the sounds.
We have a full night ahead of us.
Just saw your movie My Mom's New Boyfriend.
Sorry it took 4 yrs to see it.
Funny movie.
I almost forgot, Thank You Netflix!
:D
Hopefully not in lawn ornament form being randomly place throughout SE WI.
:
Thanks for following here on tweeter and add me as friends!
: : Hebron's coach can eat shit.
and 3 7 20 0 26 And the entire crowd aye I made the list!!!
im a unicorn
My FV shirts came in two days after I ordered them!
Fast delivery
she was bogus as hell for that ...
we had 4 at the questlove set; where's that stat?
Think about that somethin to ponder on
Hi there!
So glad u found me.
LOL
Hopefully this tutoring helps lord knows I need it..
Happy Easter guys!!
Which write up!?
And it's hard to call any song on that album it's best.
Every song is great.
Enjoyed How Much Does Your Bldg Weigh, interesting portrait of fascinating guy, and then BOOM, those buildings.
lol morning here :
Lookin' good very passionate speech at bibliotech12 about the road ahead for
Bosh is soft.
Once he's body'd, he is useless.
heck yeah you were!!
One of the lucky few.
they should :
OMG BeyondTrayvon Child is murdered  they background checked him but not Zimmerman.
Everybody that works at this airport is suspect to some Mormon activities
Had an awesome time eating sliders and some of the best sea salt caramels I've ever had yesterday!
It started as a crush.
ended up meaning everything in my life.
tweetin u and and listenin to music
I THINK NIGGAS REALLY WANNA FIGHT IF YOU UNFOLLOW THEM.
CTFU DATS SAD!
Alone in a crowded room, screaming but no one hearing.
Taking but no one listening
Lots of grading done today.
So very proud of
.
said: So sad about HBO's weightofthenation and APA fathating agenda et al.
in this country.
lmaoo i wish!
But no my friend mikey lmfao:p
registered for courses today at yet another university...
I'm not sure if I am crazy, but I look forward to taking classes again.
Where would this world be without Marlyn Monroe ,Dolly Parton,Madonna ,Lady GaGa If these girls dont prove blondes have more fun who does!
10ThingsIFindAttractive When guys kiss you on your forehead
Oh no!
Where are you?
We have a delivery service too!
oh okay....well let me call GM then
I LOVE those books.
I hate Wisconsin more than any other school in the country...
they doctorve me nuts
Don't come at me reckless  then apologize.
Fucking dumb asses.
doctorving to DMB  jones beach to listen in the parking lot and doctornk some beers.
I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university
The people at the nursing home were so nice :
I'm gonna have a hissy fit if gaga doesn't perform DITD at the BTW ball...
I fucking need that song
i did blister from that glass.
ya do u guys go to tfa
How's VA treating you?
Cheers to all the good work you're doing!
so many of my students exert themselves in excuses, but not in effort.
: Actually have a very good batch this semester.
yes!!!
When are you getting your ticket?
i feel sick.
ArtFact: At school Claude Monet was seen as a rebel.
Instead of working he would doctorw caricatures of his teachers and friends.
Season Of The Witches!
This whole, moving on to the next phase of my life by graduating thing didn't seem like such a big deal until I started packing.
I hate english!
Goodnight everyone!
c:
I feel like such a bad person!!
Got to be kiddin me
Saw former Pres Bill Clinton speak tonight at UCLA.
Talk about a beautiful mind.
Amazing speaker.
Very inspirational.
Social media is where marketing and human psychology intersect.
If anyone tells you they are an expert at it.
That is questionable.
Next week is Cupcakes for a Cause!
We're donating a portion of all proceeds to CancerCare for Kids!
Come in for great cupcakespass the word
www.slobbersnaks.com for all natural doggie biscuits
Time to bring in Rick Vaughn
I refuse to lose, I run off jet fuel..
Tell that guy to get on Twitter.
He's got a lot of good nonsense to spout.
RT : FF to for his informative webinar this week!
Marketing is a spectator's sport.
Watch and learn every day.
Big cheesey smile  THANKS to photography for offering to take 360 photos of the Homeless Coach interior  bettern 3D!
Wake up students by asking why they came to school  if had to is heard, change their psyche to wanted to via your actions.
I just won a million dollars from Or a beer from the fridge.
Haven't decided yet.
countdown to beach trip,,, 37 days!
yeah that was crazy!
I was talking about this picture someone posted of what looked that a dead bloody Justin :
you both are pretty gay.
Get into twitter once I say twitter is cool.
I remember early 2010
where the hell was the booth?
U gonna be there tomorrow?
doritoslocostaco is the greatest invention.
Ever.
It's 2:48 after the Turf Club and I wrote a to do note to myself that reads: Sleep in.
Gaaahh of course u mess up my order : im soo hungry!
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Franklin D Roosevelt
meeting coming up.....lots to do!
I saw that headline yesterday.
Any word on who's gonna replace her?
RT : Pat Summitt steps down as Tennessee womens coach
Happy hump day folks!
Enjoy it with some freshly tapped brews, like 's Admiral Stache and Weekend at Louie's for your enjoyment!
Growing you business needs to be energizing not exhausting, enjoyed not endured, embraced not evaded.
we are grassroots organization dedicated to the empowerment of regular people from our neighborhoods in the city of pittsburgh
it's elitist to make condescending snarky remarks implying I don't believe in helping people.
Everyone needs help
Jovovich is rooting for the help, which was originally titled white people solve racism!
I'm probably playing a clan right nowanybodys who's ever lost at call of duty
she already loves me.
just because she chooses not to retweet or reply to me doesnt mean she doesnt love me
Vegetarians don't hug trees.
They eat them.
My neighborhood wack and quiet
So who else is done with finals?
I wanna do something!
let's go haha
how is the unca and syracuse game even this close?!
i know they're without fab melo, but seriously.
Santorum is not getting out of this race anytime soon.
I also went to bouncing bears today and an 8 yr old jumped up and hit me in the eye with his head I hope I dnt get a black eye
The summer jam must balance between being in your face monster and suitable background music.
We will be running all over the place at this weekend so we will have guest tweeting along with
I just finished a 3.09 mi run with Nike GPS.
I find it funny that, even as technology has increased to allow crystal clear and quick video streaming, .GIFs are now the rage.
Ohai 1996.
Alli Simpson Is Perfect!
Help trend it!
Truman Capote is my new bed fellow..
Women are like the police: They can have all the evidence, but they still want a confession.
Okay.
you have a clothing line, you promote....
People still talking about Carmelo Anthony's playoff record in the ultimate TEAM SPORT?
C'mon...
have found packingbeast to be quite a formidable foe...if only I could compress all my belongings and digitally ship them.
I follow blog too!
Small world!
Still thinking of my OLW 2012...
Love yours!
Merry Christmas!!
I is not gonna walk with u in dat.
Spongebob Squarepants is selling his pineapple..needs more
Checking out the Photoshop CS6 beta today along with video reviews.
Although I use this program every day, its capabilities still amaze me.
thank you :
Rendn: If we create a vision of life we don't like, we need to dismantle it and make it better!
the bachelorette season started??!
Is it August yet?!
omg Loren just breathe!
It'll all be okay act normal!
You will do great I promise3 I have faith in you!
worst call ever.
THE YELLOW TEAM SUCKS!!!!!!!
Thanks David : hope you have an awesome night!!
Isn't it?
It's like they lack a high angle, whole field camera.
i love you guys!
follow me??
Goodnight,peace!
jajajajajaja I.I no?
Everyone on my team including coaches probably have a bad perception about me and prom last night.
Lol didn't even do nothing
We were shining like lighters in the dark in the middle of a rock show 3
Celebrity's who make up world peace songs...
You had your chance but you blew it,  still I loved you even though it hurt me but now ive opened my eyes..
Listening to TheWeeknd.
: Bout to stuff my face before I start my cleanse tommorow.
Seeing you today just ruined my day...
completely.
I'll get right on that....:P
how you been?
If you guys don't have anything better to do than talk about me I'm actually really sorry for your relationship.
I kno I say lot of shit on here but ppl get on my nerve's  always throw old things in my face like 1 of my ex's did...
That's y there ex's
Hi Ducky, can you please translate Tasty Barbeque in Russian for us?!
All that is gold does not glitter; not all those that wander are lost.
My boo is black, but that tweet is
Auguri!
To provocative I'll add insightful too, though expect that goes without saying.
Look forward to reading.
Money over everything PaperGang all day every day
don't forget the doritos
Go Crew!!
Everyone Tune into the NEW Dance Moms tonight!
It's an amazingfunnyentertaining show!
WatchItWatchItWatchIt!!
Penn and CKB are brewing a Belgian Tripel IPA at 7:30!
Stop in to lend a hand!
what's Kevin's last name and the morehouse guys name?
How was your doctorve in the electric ?
These blockhouses made a perimeter of the main settlement to provide refuges, observation posts, and rallying points in the case of attack.
Wow bob Bradley is a trending topic is this good publicity for mnt?
I listen to you everyday, but I hate how much I love you.
Will you quit hiding like a fucking puss?
Stop making different accounts to bully people who could care less about you.
Just now waking up
Can I just tell you how proud I am of the Teen Film 101 class?
You all did fantastic work today!!!!
We can do anything we want to do if we stick to it long enough.
Helen Keller
thank u :
Is there an online link for the collection interactive?
We have extra DISCOVER PASSES for and , and we're giving them away for FREE.
Interested?
Tweet us or send a DM!
you probably just like shoes I've never heard of ya
we all love you as well!!
Arizona highways are so pretty
Olympian Randi Miller scary wrestler just bulldozed thru Molly's striking defense to push her up against the cage for 3 rds
I know you know
Not to rub it in anyone's face, but having an extendedfamilyfree Thanksgiving in LA with friends.
Suckers!
it sounds like Jesus and a unicorn having sex!
RT Happy Saturday
Best.
Field trip.
Ever.
I offically love bluemangroup.
3
Love that stick shifts are making a comeback!
My first car is a manual and I love it!
The best part was the sense of freedom and great expectations buoyed along by the music it gave to so many young people.
RT : No matter what accomplishments you make, somebody helped you.
Althea Gibson
Before You Unfollow Me Let Me Know So I Can Return The Favor 3
Thanks.
For the follow!
I have seen your dirty hit on 4 And heard your recording leaving field ,BYE,BYE when R.G done!No Bounty B.S
Mom passed away this morning.
You bet that was a good response.
That woman is so striking.
She's perfect.
:
Thanks for the kind words!
I don't take the negativity personally, it's just one of the unfortunate quirks of the Internet.
Do you find it more difficult to hypnotize a closefriend or relative in comparison to a new acquaintance or stranger?
Never a dull moment!
RT : Fun is one way to put it.
; 
Tonight just can't get here fast enough!!!
We have HUNdoctorDS of pieces of gorgeous jewelry.
Contact us with email addoctorss.
Good Luck to you and the rest of the team....
Oh boy....Eli is awesome...but SNL is gonna suck.
Just saying.
cockroach I have no mercy!!!
amen!
I got noticed by jasmine villegas i dont need to put in my bio it wont make my account better!
:
I'd wish our precalc class would shut the fuck up!!!!!!!
who the hell is Tom Palmer, and when did he mix our album?
I'm board with this review.
Night everyone!!!
An ant has no quarrel with a boot.
Big night, cocolate, culinary dvds  theme suppers gifts from the hearth
How bout you stop being so jealous n back the fuck off.
Everything u texted her is exactly everything I already told her.
Ah fucking asshole
Tony Parker's game is smooth
I'm watching Wizards Of Waverley Place: swaaggie!!!
New SNO Clothing Coming Soon.
www.SnoClothing.com
CJ is so lucky to have such distinguished alumni!
Love you on Savage and your work in general.
You're an inspiration!
xx
haha why do I always have to txt u first?
U lose my  again?
Gig time!
Good try ORLANDO !!
It's HEAT and PACERS RD 2 letsgo !!!
Your connection to your inner child is very important and can bring you many gifts.
My phone may have died...permanently.
Please email or FB message me if you need to contact me.
And people wonder why I am single...these men are crazy
its so fun :: Ohh i've fine that :D: for the first time my parents and grandparents took shots with me :'
Damn, be goin into relationships expecting to be played
April is s Prevention of Animal Cruelty Month.
How will you celebrate?
Just got back from city hall.
No one there.
Early summertime glut?
yup ill try
Fact: Obama NEVER published a single scholarly article on Law.
He was ELECTED to law review.
He is NOT a legal scholar just a politician.
are you going to graduation?
1st Clue: Harmonica.
2nd Clue: Wire harmonica holder around neck.
Picked up O'Reilly SQL pocket guide at Barnes  Noble tonight  more to the syntax than just SELECT FROM WHERE .
.
.
what beach are you heading to today ?
Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today!
I hope I get to meet you.
Iloveyou 13
What breed of horse is best!?
Stressed!
Not a fun feeling!!
Just got back from blackhawks game.
Minus last 10 minutes most boring playoff game I've been to.
No hussle till end
Maybe George Clooney could host a fundoctoriser with the president and use the money toward the deficit?.....just sayin'
watching and boy is it storming outside in ohio
Looking fwd to this Thursday!
BaconBourbonFlip will make its 1st appearance!
I have to figure out my xt ticket for Baconfest 2012
I had a scoop of babycakes cinnamon raisin ice cream tonight and thought of you :
can't cope when half my biscuit falls into my coffee :
Found my phone!!!!!!
Woo hoo
Yo man..
How you doin?
Yo might wanna get with my dude Founder of Check him out, kid is A for real.
looking forward to hanging with you at the conference and learning more about how your going to make AVID even better!
Become a fan of our facebook fan page and we will keep you updated about our grand opening!!
www.facebook.com/wokmasrtersbymoy
I'm as excited as when he found out its ok to crave a mans butthole I think
That is pretty awesome.
you gonna bring up the grope box again this week?
Isn't that what Twitter's for?
Lol.
I have almost 1,500 followers, so suck it.
;
Nice additions!
If only the Shoreland were still open, a liquor license would guarantee a stream of latenight traffic.
Special s/o to for all of the support!!!
The Human Service Fair was great!!!
almost everyone here has two devices going.
pretty amazing.
Hey sweetie, you didn't blow them speakers did you, lol
probably so lol
I wish it was that advanced
ya his ass got blocked for that one.
fvckdabears
thank you!!!
Having great time.
I'm getting lot o direct message saying some one starting a rumor about me
Non Timetis Messorem  Don't Fear the Reaper
I have.
Yes.
Practice key.
Get materials translated beforehand.
Get input from translator about concepts.
Waiting on true love is like waiting on an interview.
Either u except the one that excepts u or wait on an interview that may not come true
NBA refs suck.
How does Chandler get a flagrant on his screen in game 1 and Anthony doesn't get anything called on him?
Life why do you despise me so much, is it cause im young fly  talented?
Lol..
I'm a cow.
Deal with it.
Can't believe I have to cheer for Eli  the Giants to beat the Jets to improve the San Diego Chargers chances to reach the NFL playoffs.
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Savanna Hockman for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 16U Team
aw okay : lol
Looks like up the road isn't waiting.
Hoping they'll share ideas.
Your such a fuck up.
heard it on the radio this morning and liked it
Oh shoot!!
Just won bingo!!!
.....but lost in a danceoff to a cokedout asian stripper...
That song always makes me think of ?
Is Shake Shack too obvious?
reports VAW act to be debated this week.
: Follow your heart, but always, always bring your brain with you.
Wouldn't mind that 'til it was time to die.Good one though
I hope your doing well :
Work like you don't need the money, love like your heart has never been broken, and dance like no one is watching.
Quitting your job is always fun.
thanks for following great blog!
thank you!
What's up, Pops?
I tweet more on so if you like our tweets go follow us!
:
I'm trying to help you become less lazy 
Yep, weekend editor!
Report Car time...
i've got a sweet tooth and strawberry youth..
you wanna be my licourice and misguided truth??
;
Pretty sure Carrie Brownstein just came into Beaker and Flask.
A duck walked up to a lemonade stand and he said to the man running the stand Hey.
got any grapes?
hahah home we going to Miami beach in a while to see my uncle ;3
almost done for the night.
Do I have energy to read in bed?
of course I'll help you!!
Me with black hair 
hope you're having a great weekend!!
Some of my best thinking is done by others.
John C Maxwell
I knew I should try  live in this moment as long as possible.There was nothing to lose  everything to gain by being as present as possible
Damn, right on plair u got my folks frm the bay to bk on that thang!
Will RT it.
If LA is filled, next options are Portland, Vegas, San Antonio and Birmingham, Ala.
nope I could eat a steak while watching for inc.
SHOUTS OUT TO MY NEW FOLLOWERS!!!!!!!!!!!!
MAKE YOUR SELF KNOWN
I'm catching Thrones free online :
thats a dumb question.
YES HE IS
And whoever doctorw that is beast.
Just sayin.
App Friday!!
FREE family friendly apps for the iPhone and iTouch.
Check it out at www.momswithapps.com
what the heck rach, don't wanna work with me already?
i see how it is.....
Sometimes I'll quiz my dad about what's going on in the show.
If he loses I get the remote.
If its on your channel then stay awake.
i think someday should be now !
Please follow me justin 311
CallICONiaczMaybe make it big!!!
tell everyone!!
If you could choose your perfect day, how would it be?
hahaha yeah we go to school together!:
I love full moons.
Maybe Santa has caught you!
Check out our Website for New Year's Eve Menu Upcoming Events Tab
i got stars going down my chest
Later I got some songs to post up on reverbnation.
That's right bitch, and you'll like it cuz Stone Cold said so hoe
ThankYou Peter!
It's wonderful to be Following you!
well you trying to go within the next two weeks?
cki so dope!
Yep.
See if Davis takes the path of solid/team player.
Rather than reality tv star who let his selfishness get in the way.
TO
I like my chocolate the way I like my men, so rich you want to marry 'em
David my friend just singed up for the Free ShopBest Membership and tool bar.
It enables him to save money without changing his shopping e
Neumann supporters now speaking
2 white cups  I got that doctornk ;
Hardcore punk bands?
Ur needed Sun 2/26 in support of DEAD FRIENDS from Boston!
Email to play or Please come support
Here in social studies wit thee bestie....want the day to be over with already
Noticing is progress.
RT : Well, that happened.
my 3yearold, upon peeing all over the carseat
Eating at kams doctorve.
Honey dew melon and garlic chicken..
Wow, don't think it could be done.
RT : Today in 1966, Pet Sounds and Blonde on Blonde both released.
Hard to top that.
Anyone know any working remedies to cure the hiccups.
Thanks for honoring the memory of Little Joe Noyes  one of the cmany heroes of WWII
I'm realizing being 16 has a bunch of responsibilies .
Ah.
Sure................Unsure, I loved that commercial back in the day!!
Come on guys
Just finished dinner at the Gumbo Shop
It's snowing at my mom's place in Madison County, N.C., right now.
Weird.
cc
good to see you.
thanks for coming through!!!
Highly dependent!
I knew it was out, yet I kept opening the computer for things, then remembered, no that requires Internet.
Love u Girl....Cant wait for you to come back to LA....
We will Make u some Bank
Thanks Angela!
Aries on the dark side: Selfish and quicktempered Impulsive and impatient Foolhardy and daredevil
Must DVR the Bachelorette tonight!
, you excited?
Happy mothers day btw!
xo :
Ate my kong kong.
keeping the cat in line, standing guard by the door.
I is one busy dog.
I need a vacation.
Nice!
He did my booth at PAX West 2011.
Those guys are some of the best problem solvers out there.
wow!
That's unreal!
Come on newcastle!
This thunder and lighting is scaring the shit out of me!
hey Jen...
or should I say professorssor!!!
How are things with you??
Now Shelly...
youre supposed to be the social networking guru...
;
lost 0.5 pounds since her last weighin!
She's lost 8 pounds so far.
I have a stupid ass amount of work to doo
Quintin carter is the only ex tu player that I like!!!
GOBRONCOS we balance him with and the Aggie cancels him out!
:
Good luck to BHS.dance today...
Swagg it out!
now following because of Rahim3
I 3 the tea you gave me.
Seeing you was the best!!
Just had pancakes for the first time in a long time.
Damn near almost cried
There is a hell, and it is called monkey joe.
: .twitter got i since backwards tweeting been i've but upsidedown about know don't i
Mimi:did someone paint the sky?
Me:no Mimi:how'd it get so blue?
Donovan:we trust banks with all our but they chain their pens?
IMyKids
Painful as it is, it's a good problem to have.
I am, and I have thought about it but they get itchy.
I'm balled, too so I already save on shampoo and I don't own a comb.
:
Comon this all starters when Hillary got mad at her broker...look at the SEC filings for the Leamen Bro's BK ADNAN SAKLI .
I bought my ticket!!
...so close to the weekend.
Can't wait til summer where everyday is the weekend.
I park so perfect.
: I kno u can sit there and act like everything good when it really ain't...I show no love tho....m oh well
The gong show of SOPA/PIPA is just one more example that people that write bills don't understand the industries they write bills for
We have a story!
Two high school teachers trying to change Democracy!
Let's talk!
Mark your calendar: February 4th Roller Rink outing.
Email, call or facebook us for more detail.
Yep that is pretty helpful.
I love the free Yale Lecture Series also available through their site.
Ohh yeah.
Haha am I still an afghanistan person?
How about a Home Alone movie where Macaulay Culkin is the dad and he leaves his kids at home because that's all he knows?
Aw.
Too bad.
Rest in peace, Davy Jones.
Thank you for all the sweet songs.
That sounds wickedly epic.
thanks so much Axl.
I was front row center and loved every minute!!!
See you again soon!
he must not be from el paso lololo  All the sexy Mexicans at walmart tonight
Downtown Madison Tenants Snow Emergency tonight 1  7  park on the odd side of the street tonight or get ticket!
Parking Ramps free 9p  7a
Anyone seen the new 'walking part of your journey may be quicker during the games' marketing posters by TFL?
.....
Seriously ?!
i apologize i dont recollect yur name.
He only loves you because its the 1st....by the 15th you'll be single AGAIN!
been good.
Did you get the pic I sent you?
Thanks for the you brought by the station yesterday!
Awesome brand design and packaging by !
Seriously though, I don't want to sit here eating and watching movies by myself.
I'm sure I have other friends lol
Who uses advocare products?
Feedback/suggestions/tips/favorite products?!
from now on the only female i'll spent my money on is my mama str8up
my bff and I declare addicted to you and not an obsession is a lifestyle.we love you madly
you have taught me to neversaynever and to makeachange!
:D i LOVE you!!
33 ps.
Please Follow Back xoxo
What time we supposed to be at school?
So excited too...
All my friends are tuning in!
You falling asleep on me 
Just had a flood of indie genre authors follow me.
Hm.
Awww.
Thanks!!!
Better do some research on Patty Hearst ;
People want to see you do better, but not better than them.
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
MAHOMIES LOVE YOU!!3 to celebrate this special time you should upload the rest
I dunno maybe.
Timing is bad though n folks typically camp out for their warehouse sales.
Not trying to do that.
Ah.
Now I got it!
Thanks for the tip.
THANKS for the WORLD CHANGING Event!
I know w/o a doubt that by next year I will be at 7 Figures b/c of the info!
THANKS!
Unfortunately, we are not taught the five principles of healthy relationships instead they are learned by trial and error
it looks like u and tj really hit it off
I still haven't gone to sleep....
jim parsons is so cute 
Have a whole bunch of appointments today and my phone decides not to work ...
really?
fuck you cell phones
doctornks.
Lunch.
rewards.
Let's do this!
YES.
YES.
YES.
YES.
YES!
why.
aren' you mad at me?
Poor Dick Clark.
:
We are open today 37pm.
Come and see what's new at NewVox, like, wine bottle ornaments and functional pottery.
See you soon.
GM!
I respect what you do.
doctornking in the park
thatminihaeartattackwhen labels do not go on new VANITY bottles product 1st order
A Semester of Adventure : Spring Break
Fiber and llama loam supplier Paige of Lower Sherwood Farm is Baking for the Scottsville Market again.
: So nice to meet u!
RT : Con fordmiamilatism latism
Lord, I thank you for loving me just the way I am!
Where others see flaws, You see beauty.
Amen!
Pierce Hornung beast...
Saw it many times, every team needs a Pierce Hornung, few players want to be that guy!!
Patty Mills has 6 points.
The Spurs lead the Suns 2320 with 2:27 left in the first quarter.
It Takes 21 Days To Make A Habit .
And 21 Days to forget That Habit
: 2k tournament!
At everybody neck lol.
KB24 timewhere?
Doors are open for frogsatfitz!
If you didn't RSVP you can still get FREE tickets at the box office !
Show at 7!
Played a little poker at a friends Christmas party.
Chips were only worth prizes...but I quadoctorpled the starting amount before the night !
Lmao he asked her for gas money.
Bwahahaha
Your boss must not have twitter
I am convinced that at the heart of Jesus teaching and ministry is a challenge for all of us to allow God to be God.
unfortunately the Cowboys won't be winning one anytime soon.
Regardless, metroplex still  bay area.
Erin Gillum says hello.
Call us if you are in foreclosure or behind on your mortgage payments  we can help you save your home  free consultation  909 8900105
After fertilizing, thoroughly water your roses.
If desired, you can apply two inches of mulch around the
has to bo one of the if not the sexiest woman alive!!
Yeah, I found the silly little black battery bag.
I packed out in the wrong place.
Phew, found.
:
Listening to too much Radiohead
Lol I had to MUTE joe buddens for a minute...smh simmer down pimp, for a celeb u have too much time on your hands
Breck is having his thyroid tested right now.
Maybe we'll know soon if he has a problem or if he's just fat
We have got to get Prestige Worldwide going.
Thanks for the follow!
How are you showing that you give a shit?
By thinking it is up to Obama?
Wish I had u in my arms
I expect to see the best cowboys on the field today than any other time in your career.
Cowboys live up to your name and go
Having dinner with my family at La Tratoria in Greenwood tonight...best steaks anywhere!!!
Can't wait!
I know we're all thinking same thing watching Lexus commercials as woman runs out on xmas  receives 2cars.
Where did they buy that big bow?
ahahaha i know!
thank god :
Who's going to be the 1000th Sunpop follower?
Songs shall be written of your adventures.
Your name...
only spoken in reverent whispers.
One week left
I am a fan of Reese!
.
Love that venue!
Enjoy.
aah yes!
Love this place.
They know me now.
Still best pie in LA :
do your science work
Join us to make calls with to turn out voters against Brian Bilbray tonight!
5:30pm, Hilton Bayfront, Room Sapphire L
damn right.
I like your style
I feel you!
i got three oh em.
thanks for the RT
Busy planning fall events!
Excited for my parents' arrival tonight.
Gonna be a crazy fun 10 days!
If you use Christ as the standard, then use Him as the standard for everything.
Not just what conveniences your side of the argument.
I think she'll be fine.I hope !
D: : and Arent they all?
;D
I respect good teen mothers.
They go through A LOT at such a young age.
no one has the right to judge until theyve been in their shoes.
Nothing is perfect in this life.
hah trust me I don't take that lightly.
I like you guys very much too.
Q2 I worked in marketing for a time, and found that answers that weren't simple yes/no tended to put people off.
What kind of cook out would it be if there wasnt alcohol.
too late
Back in Stevens Point to help out with a coffee seminar.
RT : 10 off wine and 5 off everything else until 5 PM today.
lolollol I'm so god
how did you become interested in this project?
Here's a thought, what if each of us pick the 5 closest military bases to where we live, and post a message on their facebook wall to vote?
Follow for the most inspiring quotes to get you through your day!
We haven't determined whether or not I actually fit your definition of Liberal, or what your definition actually is.
Metroplex Connector meeting about to start.
Still looking for an architect fr the group, if you are in Southlake or Grapevine message me.
Day in pictures: 27 April 2012
How can you be allergic to water?
One of the best writers i rep!
RT : I already know.
Killer Klowns from Outer Space freaked me out as a toddler!
Great day today thanks to King of Kombat, Floyd's 99 Barbershop, Kegerator.com, Giant Media, and Homestead Suites.
Thanks guys!
you ppl and your secret lives...
Smh
uhmm am i was born in nigeria bt i school at chicago heheheh so wat are u up to
I miss you all, too!
Moving to a brand new city is socially very tough.
you look pretty :!
k well I decided to postpone my Georgia trip just so we can go to the Juicy outlet when u come home..
Just FYI!
Christian fundamentalists: So I'm going to hell 'cause I'm not saved?
Thank God, I'd hate to spend eternity with nothing but ppl like u.
Happy Women's Day!
Feliz Dia de la Mujer!
weigh ins are open to public at Caesars thurs at 5 pm...don't cut much normally walk around about 145
RT : Praise God: His capacity to forgive is greater than our capacity to sin.
Sometimes, when your history is similar, you form a bond with certain people, and dont and don't mind sharing.
I know u love miller but I better see a blog where miller gets called out
Teens' first retail experience is buying a Coke from a vending machine, says Vince Voron
nothing to do tonight, DM for the number?
No problem...Hope you liked it!
Agreed.
It's simply the best.
Hey ck out my new web page info about me and my prices for readings and clearings.
Find me at www.jacquebowling.com
Did I mention that the Theater kids hated me in college?
Why?
I turn Poison songs into doctormatic monologues and troll casting directors.
Ok Doll Babies...www.reneamartoff.com is back on line :!
We have a whole log of catching up to do but it's all good!
I have LOTS to share
responsibility/blame shouldnt be placed on that initial act of making something visible, but rather on those who violate that visibility
Off to teach a short session on responsible blogging to undergrads.
This will be interesting.
careless shit can kill us 11
The kickstarter for our first book is live  support The Tall Trees of Tokyo by 's Matt Wagner  designed by
Be that way then
Take your passion
: How can the D's not get the gas subsidys puld?
watch Cspan  GOP filibuster!
And a good day to you sir!
RT Creating a successful vid campaign starts w/ figuring out the right content.
What's the goal?
Perfect for my nite off  4 lax games!
weather Right Now in Lutherville, MD is Partly Cloudy and 75F.
Sent from The Weather Channel
Hmm just don't feel like a CraftBeer.
Ok someone slap me for saying that
What are you going to do for exercise today???
I'm undecided.
Please ask Dave if One Shining Moment was the background music of his doctoram that he had of Chris Smith making the big shot?
not technically from GB, but close.
I think we can do better!
:
thank you.
Work in progress.
I go back for the rest of the sleeve in June
Waking up with some nice iced coffee.
Hope everyone is having a great day!
After 14 long years, this day is finally here!
UK gets their 8th Championship Tonight!
First though comes a major battle with git to resolve a boatload of merged files.
Thank goodness for bbedit and syntax highlighting.
Do Tarantulas Shoot Spidey Silk?
Clues suggest the arachnids can shoot silk from their feet, but some scientists argue it's not true.
You too!!
Thanks for the mention!
That Sangue di Giuda piece is the most popular post on the site, which surprises me.
CAN WE ALL TAKE A MOMENT TO APPRECIATE EMILY BECAUSE SHE JUST SAVED WILL  THE WHOLE FUCKING TRAIN STATION.
think im gonna start like eating more healthy
watch out for ticks when you camp.
what does I'd cap that mean?
HEY SOMEONE HACKED MY ACCOUNT.
DON'T TAKE THINGS SO PERSONALLY!!!!
My dog is being chased by my daughter swinging a sleeve of crackers.
I hope he figures out if he hides under the bed she can't get him...
Hey We Follow You!
Today is the last day to submit your questions for !
He will answer via UStream WED at 7 pm EDT.
Submit ?s using
So jealous of my boys for getting to go to Vegas this weekend.
Have fun and don't die : Love you
While lucidending may have died today, Hallmark has dozens of cheesy and thoughtless statements for their Sympathy section
Informal manager survey regarding employee sick callout via a text.
It should not happen.
Eyecare team member must talk to their manager.
so happy for you guys!
RT : St.
Patrick's Day goodies starting this Friday, March 16th through Sunday, March 18th!
Preorder yours now
Saddened by unexpected loss of a dear family friend's daughter who was 33.
Pray 4 them plz!
Show love to who u care about bc life is short.
A BFRandomFactoid  today in 1884 the first longdistance telephone call was made from Boston to New York.
We've been quietly following you.
We had a great tasting at Chicago's N9NE Steakhouse  probably the best tasting ever
Hope everyone enjoys their Sunday Funday...
we will be closed all night for our annual employee party!
Cheers!
: If Khloe  I take a city what city should it be???
KimKhloeTake...
San Francisco, CA
I'm so sleepy
They made me a birthdaycake at work sum idiot mispeld ma name i doctorpd that fukn cake on tha floor on purps
thank you 
I just had to block this girl from following me, her weave and doctorwon eyebrows were bothering me
can't focus at all
hi stranger.
: I need someone who i can text about anything and everything ok lul oh pick me pick me ;D !!!
Xx
come on Pens, let's beat the Caps
Jenny Lind: My Life as a Fairy Tale.
Women's History Program at Castle Clinton March 14 at 11:00am.
My parents are in town today and we need a good lunch spot.
Suggestions?
im bored af
follow this guy.
your visual senses will be challenged, provoked.
Badgers back to back Sweet 16's for 1st time in school history, Marquette back to back Sweet 16's for 1st time since 1977
Bread and Yoga in Inwood 
Argh.
When can I see the next Hunger Games movie?
MC Retro Rock is a great way to get your Saturday started off right!
I misses you back!
There may be a little part of me there Saturday ; And promised text updates.
Happy EarthDay and FF to my peeps:
time to buy groceries
I'm the worst Mexican ever and I know there's cheese in a quesadilla
Today is my last day living on the edge.
I'm kind of sad about it!!
This Saturday Night  Oro Lounge in Rockville...DJ Envy One Live On The 1's and 2's!!!
Oh!
I've got so many miles to go.
It's alright because it will be worth it.
none nearby here in Milwaukee, I had to buy it and make my own which is just as good :
Music is around the corner.
I also have a new over version of Adele Someone like you And new videos are coming soon!
Stay tuned!!
home alone has made 3 epic comedy movies about child neglect.
funny.

what are your plans for the holiday?
Just watched Face Off: Cotto/Mayweather...That's the most respectful I think I've ever seen prefight.
color starts at 40, sew in starts at 145 and cut is 35.
On Thursdays sew ins start at 100
nice u do that lol
Life would suck with out yu babe :
miss your nick's corner videos!!
Make the again soon PLEASE!
: xo
Gabriel and Baker have retracted and/or denied saying it was for sure...
Donovan has waffled again
Formerly known as a the BU invitational, lol.
What should it be called now?
RT : what is the beanpot?
Haha
Oh my goshh..
I swear I be breaking curfews when I talk to you lol
Anyone know if we have to do the reflection on content for the Socratic seminar??
What could be better than shootin the fair one!
Am I wrong?
Dumb question?
Or dumbest question ever?
RT Which is a better day for football fans: NFLdoctorFT or start of CollegeFootball Season?
Thanks, you too,
I have my first interview Friday with a copywriter/blogger for my biz.
Hopefully a good brainstorming session!
So much going on lately...
Huge things great and awful.
I'm very grateful to those helping see me through all of this...
you 2 so made our day with that tweet!!!
Thanks so much for bringing some MEGA HUGE smiles to our faces!!!
: had the sweetest conversation with me yesterday.
So down to earth.
You were easy to talk to!
Birthdays are the peak of Facebook activity for most.
It is a lure to grow our Social Media participation, once increased it usually remains
The performance was a nice way for Justin to introduce Jerry to the rest of the nonbelieber world lol.
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you 3
We love pizza.
hinthint RT : good news..
is on twitter now
Having a serious mass.
Watching a walk to remember.
One day someone will love me like that!
And until then...
YOLO

ashleyvaga1 Your link got cut off!!!
Can you resend it I want to check out your photos...
Thanks!
dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance STOP now make muuuffff hammer time like ohhhohhh
m smh justin U TELL HIM RT /justinbieber: you gotta alot of nerve thinkin you could ever hit that smh
very bro decision made by you
Just finishing the book Sneaker Wars.
Crazy story about how Adidas and Puma were started by 2 bros.
who hated eachother.
Awesome
having a lizard in ur house
Bato heads one in, first goal of the 2nd half for , ends Wave 170 run.
visited my doctor 2day :...
haven't seen him 4 a time!
My  is on Bisping
I have a donut.
Lol : izzy
I went to Highland Mall today and had a handmade pizza and a glass of wine.
Did you realize there are still shops and restaurants there?
call me an idiot yeah I know, but what does FF mean?
Amazing characters,their lives spans three continents, portrayed brilliantly in South Asian Lit.
Looking for agent/pub
Triple nonthreat
I think I just became a Lehigh basketball fan!
ireallymiss when things were simple
No like when you go over there and try to convince him to do stuff
me either john cena birthday im so exicited
Thanks for the follow.
StayClassy xo.
Important: Support sustainable/whole news  with actual .
Do it.
Now.
not currently this second.
Singers outside soglins office don't seem to be going anywhere, anytime soon
thank u.
It's actually an old pic in Hawaii!
love u who is this guy ??
I'm not quite sure what happened last night.
And I'm not quite sure if I'm okay with what did happen.
I don't feel like me.
Wow, yea that should have been a red card.
it was pretty funny...definitely worth watchin for a good laugh
what's good nealy
: i only know a couple spanish words
Any time!
Cheers :
My coffee mug needs a Foursquare.
is watching this GOP Presidential forum.
your welcome.
Where u from?
i can't wait for the christmas holidays :D..
but i can wait for the christmas exams..
ffs xD.
I'm all over ittell me more
Tired of issues with Facebook today.
Comments disappearing, notifications going away.
Grr
Dancing with 
Photography isn't allowed inside, but I couldn't help snapping a shot from outside.
I am a twitter demon!!!!1 :P ...for all u bitches out there ...fuck u !!!
it also tells it all wrong sometimes be careful
MandySmarotov Thanks for the follow!
thank you all the way
Glad to hear you are feeling better.
Nothing like natural remedies.
Bi Yan Pian will help long term and is not addicting.
Yup.
It's a fave.
yaaay I had your number.
: I'm changin your name in it to Lizzie Mcguire, cause I have like 4 lizs.
muaha.
Newest Tweet Peeps!
Thank you , , , , ,
The strangest things walk in and out of my building.....
How long did doctorss run?
Who is excited about Friday's Street Vendor Fundoctoriser event!?
I know we are ...
my mouth is watering just thinking about it!
tonight is the night
LiesGirlsTellForAttention: Fuck that nigga!
He's dick didnt even pleasure me.
Yeah ok.
Thats why you still let him hit it.
Be who you are and say what you feel, cuz those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.
doctor Seuss
What kind of tea?
Cant believe this shit
we NEED to work together!
I get become a better manager emails pretty regularly.
Apparently stinky employees is a real problem.
lol, I know there's so many aren't there :
thank you so much!
Oh Cool !
I Think I'm Going Around The 25th Of July.
:
We're under a month away from Bring Me The Horizon w/ Parkway doctorve, Architects, Deez Nuts, and On Broken Wings!
Lol at Colin Cowherd
a bottle of oxygen?
All leave me buzzed enough to spell horribly.
Ah is to be forgiven on such a gorgeous day to wear green.
hey there
On my way back to Indy from Cincinnati shot a music video today...
meetin fans on saturday :
MAGPI's 2nd Annual Content Provider Carnival is underway!!
Challenger Learning Center and Center for Puppetry Arts on now
thanks for Up All Night!
We love it warm hearted, funny, well written, and bleeped out cursing : Love times 10!
So are we!
RT Happy to be hosting the 9th Annual Blended Learning Conference and Workshop for
is so volunteer, it just took someone stepping up  to that end, would you like to build a list o members on twitter?
Shout out to all our new followers look out for our new mixtape PARTY LOVE coming soon!!!
www.plugintogreenprofessorts.com/?id3006 On how to get your 135 this is no joke, fyi
Happily positioned in modernity or anachronistic?
That is the question.
excited to see my boyz on ABDC
Damn D rose
Last night the Marlins suffered their 7th loss by a 32 score, the most in
Just heard the cool news  mister Heck is coming to my town!
AWESOME!
is the 2012 Tapestry keynote speaker  Woo Hoo!
head to Texas :
Phone battery almost dead.
If I don't get home in time for end, I'll see you next week.
7 of spades  a green 4 card from the game UNO.
you are too kind.
I'm doing my damndest to bring Country
Thanks to NutshellMail!
Sure, I'm in.
Just as long as we don't end up with a shot of someone feeding popcorn to ARod.
Nice, the links you shared are many of my favorites thanks so much for the kind words in Final Thoughts : TRMA585 been fun
who, lol u better not fed a woman up
I can't keep it to myself!
Keep me posted on progress.
What is it they say?
The journey is as important as the destination?
:
without my chicken string u right!
Ugghh majorly frustrated!
RT : RT Growth requires learning from painful experiences by recognizing the role we have played.
Damp, smarting ears and chest and legs  the somewhat thrilling discomfort of winter bicycling.
Amen,
Lmfao no session this time.
I was in the bed!
Thats some science shit bitch LEARN IT
Babe better come over later ..
;
Lol i bet
I'm ready n excited to hear this album seems SUPER excited about it lol.
with all three.
but i've only got copies of the one with sensenbrenner right now.
Bro My Granny Makinq Meh Mad!
very cool, I look forward to seeing it!
he looks pretty hydoctorted to me my nigga,
No pancake compares 2 Korean buchu jun.
A chive pancake fried crispy  thin, not too doughy.
My fave!
White man slays black man is better story.
While figuring out Zimmerman's race, another 100 black men got shot by other black men
Thx for FB invite.
Bummed I can't do grad wknd stuff cause I'm in a wedding 5/5.
: 5 years of work and no celebration  boo!
Dear NESN/FSN: not everyone has a 16:9 screen.
Letterbox your your SD feeds please.
I don't want to watch 2/3 of a game.
Looks really tasty.
I'll let you know.
Maybe Clif will actually try some.
My ls akin scared wont call out folks name say it wit me BIANCA
I always say my cat curls into her Sonic the Hedgehog Ball when she sleeps.
Some great people to follow
dude we have the same first and middle name 
I'm gonna need your help.
I got a free desktop.
Going to have to upgrade to run arma2 and dayZ.
8o!!
Blonde's 
Tempted to spend  to see Elaine Stritch's new Sondheim cabaret in NYC.
Argh.
Why do I live 800 miles away from 76th St?
I don't know this guy, but I see him at the library all the time.
And pardon my french, but he's an asshole
We love citizen journalists!
Thanks for the follow!
Happy Free Agency Packer fans.
I am so looking forward to wbtastetweet5 with et al tonight!
Math teacher is a bitch
bicycle vs.
a vehicle: Emmett street across from Memorial Gym
see i can put yo a out...keep runnin yo mouth,  if yo brothers come trippin imma show em what these tear doctorps bout
check with
talkaboutawkward when you see a long lost family member and you dont know whether to shake their hand or hug them
So about my transmission lasting for two more weeks......
Getting this sew in some live
and your videos are awesome also.
very awesome indeed,
Thanks!
: yay!
Congrats!
Enjoy your summer!
Just emailed ours.
I wanna ride a 4 wheeler.
I didn't write the story lmfaoo.
hahaha oh Demi x haha oh goodness he's hot!!:D OHMYGOSH.
3 he look like a ninja in one x
follow me to get in on some great photography session specials
great to run into you.
Good luck tomorrow, I'm sure it will be well attended
lies...
Chinese and slushies.
I can see it now!
Gone lol
: Judge me as you please, but i don't give a damn.
Get buy one get one deals with your California VIP Card!
Get your card today for only 30!
619.226.1121
I think someone is spamming your account.
I keep getting weird messages from you.
My followers need to subtweet me this kinda shit RT : OomfNeedsTo let me show her what this mouf do
you know the world's going down when you're stopped from doing community service.
I hate when I get a text and then I reply and can't get a reply back smfh lol
omg especially the halls fruit breezers!
I literally eat them loll
I do like a nice biscotti...
I am hell bent on chocolate and goo, for the moment.
It's my joy food of the day!
i love you please say hii :
Brilliant idea!
If you view an entire thing it looks that it's always gorgeous.
As women we are constantly judged based on our outer appearance.
Our flaws are used to put us down, our beauty is used to dumb us down.
one of my faves too, but every time i've seen it I've fallen asleep in the second act...
It seems like niggas get older and begin to like them younger but i get older and like them older, who wants a young damb ass female
Tonight its the Friday Night Dance Party at the Beechmont in New Rochelle, NY!
Spinning 10:30PMclose!
Come out and support!
Never mistake knowledge for wisdom.
One helps you make a living; the other helps you make a life.
Sandoctor Carey
Totally fun and awesome!
The Complex is amazing.
I prefer my oysters fried That way I know my oysters died.
supportlocalmusic Live with rock/punk tracks.
Stop by and tell your friends to do the same.
Romance tip of the week: Manage money  by communicating your financial fears  developing strategies for saving and spending.
new designs coming soon!!!!
This week, Tuesday Balt  Greene Gather, Wed Charles  Baltimore, Friday Charles  Baltimore, Sat Live Baltimore Event
Less than an hour  a half till game time!
Go Blue!!!
Lmaaao, I told my cousin she needs step up her texting game.
might be interested?
RT A large, nationwide high end retailer based in Seattle is looking for a SEO.
Looking?
LMK.
Wow, life is a cute bitch full of estrogen and when she givess you lemons nigga throw 'em at pedestrians.
THANKS!
We love this product too!
If you don't work, you don't eat.
Now that's a Jesuslike statement.
whoda thought?
Enjoying a craft beer and a great jazz band in Kansas City.
About to have a nervous freakin break down.
Going To have fun DIS WEEKEND AMIR KHAN VS paul Malinaggi
twitter madness Sick :p
It is illegal to water a garden in the rain in Montreal Canada
I know the Phoenix area well also.
The contrasts between haves and have nots is staggering.
Health is simple.
Illness is complicated.
David Wolfe.
So true.
my friend is wondering about gardening/plant growing data do you have any good  open ones in mind?
//cc
bad hair day, but everything else is smooth sailing....
This game...wow.
Soon to be on KYTE FM!
A little surprised that Roenicke did not put Krod in for another inning after his quick 9th.
Brewers have now used Veras, Parra, Krod, Loe.
just sent a DM with a contact .
Thanks!
Joining a gym that is open 24/7 may have been the best decision I have made in this city.
Just ate some Mexican food!!
:D
she did an incredible job opening for deadmau5 Saturday night
Your so cool :
My pleasure.
Free Art Friday Detroit!
RT : FAFDET free art for Detroit?
Don't blow your mind with why.
Our death is not an end if we can live on in our childoctorn and the younger generation
Two speciality cocktails tonight  Classic Champagne  Creamsicle!
Had so much fun at the 365 Days premiere last night!
Fantastic job everyone!
Thursday at 11: Kitchen Contamination
TEXTSP doctorps 'B' rating on Creativ Group OJSC
AMEN.
AMEN.
To bad it's not true for myself.
The pretty part I mean.
The boyfriend part is DEF true.
Haha
Boat Show countdown!
LilWayneSongsILove Mirrors ft Bruno Mars, guys a beast.
Rounding the corner on the CowrieCard hacking.
Should be back up within a few days.
Fingers crossed.
Proposal for the Spring 2012 conference is near complete.
I just need to edit tomorrow and then send it in.
jealous : It's 82 in big d
This Saturday about to be live
has an amazing voice....i think I have a small crush on her.
jus found myself voting!
My new brother Anthony c; We got the same smile 
omg thank you for tweeting this!!
Lol
Rambo is so tight BABY.
Twitter users should be a little more selective of who they choose to follow or what they tweet.
Don't care what you had for breakfast.
indeed.
also, we should hang out soon.
U SEEM COOL.
A/S/L?
agreed.
But if you roll in doctorssed like Khaki McBoatshoes, expect it up.
you know how to get to the ave
Planning on Las Vegas for ?
If so, you're invited to come to our Consultants Roundtable panel  just before the Radio Luncheon!
Todo list for the coming month: finish grading, do taxes, pack and move, read poems, write poems, have a baby.
Everything is relative
I don't want to go to school tomorrow.
Holy shit.
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.General Douglas MacArthur
Going back to be myself again!
This really is what I want.
According to survey:More docs are saying if they could do it over again, they WOULDN'T choose career in medicine.Details 12
You said that RT Relationships nowadays  1 Male, 1 Female, 1 Hoe, 1 Ex trying to mess it up  one friend secretly hoping it ends.
I won't defend what he wrote but he made twitter more fun.
Use coupon LUCKY13 in your shopping cart for 13 off this weekend!
And also get free domestic shipping for orders over 13!
hahahaha ily yea watching it with my mom i actually started to cry!
Have a great day!
I need to go buy some skittles now.
: First tweet!
Dinner with friends.
Really sweet.
100 million fewer paper W2s than when APA started.
Thats a lot of trees!
Anyone interested in joining a fantasy football league?
I'm just so sorry I didn't start volunteering earlier.
Toni in Johnstown.
Mass and.
May Crowning were sweet.
Beautiful music by the kids!
Let's review: Oregon's offensive line hasn't been good.
LSU's offense hasn't been good.
96 Tigers, anybody's game.
What are you going to do with your extra hour today?
We suggest taking that time to dive back into the book you've been reading!
Retweet if you wanna hear a new Party Slayerz track today!!!
:
Brown is going to be see saw between his own reelection interests and the attraction of being rightwing centerfold
paulyD project yeaaaaahhhhh buddy!!
Let a huge fan get a RT!?
Send Ryan home man he has no clue what kind of opportunity he has!
I hear you.......without using my ears.
RT : Ladies want to take a photo with the Larry O'Brien trophy?
NBA101 Register NOW: fb.mavs.com/UE5
Maxwell doctorw was born!
yay!
I used to love hearing Rachel  Lizz describe taking their dogs for a walk in the winter  SO FUNNY!
I just remembered something I said to my high school English teacher ten years ago and I feel embarassed for myself.
A soft refusal is not always taken, but a rude one is immediately believed.
Alexander Chase
Happy Friday!
What are you photographing this weekend?
I don't want to go to work
Sittin here wonderin is all this shit really worth it?
But fuck it no guts no glory n I'd rather die enormous than live dormant...
I need a big showing this week!
is hosting a FREE nutrition workshop for resident tomorrow night  5/2  7:30pm.
Sign up w/ the door staff!
thank YOU for the continuous support :
I think once a week is standard, though I know a guy who does it daily.
I've never ironed my sheets.
i have got to get my 3 yr old in a dance class......
any suggestions
: Once someone sees you doing better without them, that's when they want you back...
So fn tru
Thanks for the follow Look forward to reading your work If I had some way to be doing 2 or 3 things at once I'd read more
If i died today idt be a holiday, i'm not a star somebody lied i gotta chopper in the car so don't make it come alive.
if you believe it you will receive it!
Over at Eleventh Stack, we try to keep it classy and raise the discourse.
Kate Spade has swimwear!?
I feel like I've hiding under a big, giant rock!
thanks for checking in with us over the weekend!
We hope you enjoyed your stay!
mention julie for a rim job ..
:
Yes we do!!!
: I am looking forward to it!
I hope your not actually playing basketball hahaha
the point is that Romney may not be a homophobe, but he is a slave to
Ozias is ok
I didn't know this ditty but it is def rally worthy.
I low how she brings back the electric slide!
Done, and I'm done, and I'm on to the next one...
Thank you J Frank!
Navigating Greek town's parking structure is like being in the movie Death Race.
I feel lucky to have survived.
No spot.
Feel let down.
Still gotta go 2 School smh
Not affiliated but absolutely loving the Highlight mobile app
Thanks for the ff love.
I've been on vacation so I've been MIA.
Have a great weekend!!
Bless you too man.
Thanks for placing my LMA12 on your your board!
It was great to meet you and hope you enjoyed your time in TX as much as I.
is laughing at this fair weather cat calling me now when he didn't know me when he had a job
Congratulations to all the WWU students who graduated today.
You earned it!
Aww, me too:
Finished My Nails 3 Glo Tomorrow !
I'm Excited :D GoodNightt :
Twitter is just one big popularity contest to make people feel important consisted of the same old bullshit quotes and generic statements.
And now the studio is a bit flooded.
Wonderful.
afternoon : just enjoying summer break.
Hbu :
enjoying the beautiful spring weather in Philadelphia
girl, I just watched ur Bieber experience  lemme say its BY FAR the best!
It was really inspiring  it shows to neversaynever!
Email autoresponder Sorry, I'm at a conference and can't check my email until Monday...
He must still use Microsoft Outlook
okay now I'm definitely watching that movie tonight
San Francisco to our old house we moved from when we went to Washington.
So what has been happening with you?
I'd still eat it.
Mary Mary  Go Get It: via this is it today......
OMG THE SWEDISH BABIES I JUST CAN'T I AM CRYING
Hope you had a great Christmas.
notacatperson : I want an extnsion for my browser that filters out pictures of cats
GET AT ME FOR A FEATURE BIG BROTHA
Bring the bartender a flower tonight and get half off your first doctornk!
Having to be taken to school NoCar my moms a bitch.
Everyone go follow :D
On a good note.
The Yankees could score 30 runs and still only tie the series.
Offer for new office sent...fingers crossed!
The start of college basketball it gets no better than this.
There you go Worth!
NATITUDE in San Diego
Apparently it's Ginsberg recanting Burroughs paraphrasing Yeats, originally
RT : ACRLog is looking for a few good bloggers!
Join the team and share your insights on libraries and higher education....
Child pornography sounds terrible but kiddie porn sounds fun.
beer and itunes.
Redoctoriders just embarrassing Oklahoma right now.
Exposing their pass defense on the left side
i just want you to know how much i truely love your music and your true personality if you do see this thats cool;
visit MyCity Promotions today at Rays Wine is Wauwatosa and try a sample of Tallgrass Beer from 123!
I leave in the desert where u girls  r u girls in the hight desert
Lol But I Do Agree Widd.
On What You Said
CatBlock is almost making me rethink my grinchiness about April 1.
Almost.
kikwang is cute!
I loved the bus scene when lee hongki cries and sings the song.
Amazing scene!
I'm pissed at him too and I'm a diehard Dem but what can he do to save himself?
I'm disappointed so far.
don't hate
good pt, g'day also more appropriate considering global reach of twitter
What a hot ass day!
Ugh!
Time to hit the pool :
people run their mouth about shit they dont need to
did ya see Mandonna perform??
did you like us??
that was my plan all along ha ha
Please direct message your contact information and we will be sure the owners of that location contact you right away
thoughtsduringschool SUMMER GET HERE NOW!!!!!
Negative.
I'm not into any of that self congratulatory BS.
Two critical issues in the post  policy and communication.
More support of integrating tech into class vs.
prohibiting tech.
dickhead, how your pop spin you on a chair and start grinding your head up with a razor.
HOVABOARDS DON'T WORK ON WATA...
UNLESS YOU GOT POWA
iv seen that on facebook .
My other fave question: How will the fishing be this weekend?
;
So am I.
pix tomorrow.
finally got enough red hair dye in these tresses now I just gotta be FAHHHBULOUSSSS!
I r b still up.
Though, not for long :i/
when ever ur logo says 'lean forward' next 2 it my husband  his friends doctornk!What a great hurricane game.Thanks from the flod zone
it's a Christmas miracle!
Play solitaire while waiting for the chia hair to grow.
Pause, bikini patrol.
I think you may have the wrong Sarah Manley.
Glad to hear another namesake is helpful though :
The Future of the Liberal Arts College at Lafayette College Lafayetteconf 4/911
GODDAMN YOU, FIESTA!
WELL FUCKING PLAYED.
No, Nick Punto, you cannot break the bat over your knee.
Happiness is...whittling your inbox down to 7 emails.
I think it's fair to say everyone owns at least one DVD they never returned to Redbox.
no, but your mom sucked mine last night.
obviously the other way around ha
The laptop is off and it feels so good!
Lol
There were scenes during the battle that looked like they were straight from Serenity.
Shabazz on picking UCLA: I just think it's a challenge knowing how bad they were these last few years.
and I can't keep up with your fast tweeting...but keep it up!
Nothing better than the voices of
No : I wish you could've followed me!
D:
To answer ur question, all repairs are done while you shop we are fast at fixing any of your jewelry repair needs :
Just Have To Do My Literature Studies HomeWork And I'm Done :
YEAH WOO GO SEAN!
:D
Thanks for spreading the word!
RT will perform Cleopatra, CEO in a vacated LA corporate penthouse Feb 9,
10 Facebook Tips: It isn't Twitter so don't post a new status every couple of minutes, it's annoying move to twitter is way better!
tweet tweet
Send us you skate videos so we can help share!!
my pleasure!
Great inspiration!
: Thank you for RTing the Nest tweet!
xox
it's all on the news.
BC student went missing last Wednesday and they're searching around chestnut hill for him today.
New doctorver's License in the mail.
And a birthday card from Grandma that I can't open until next week.
So much sadness.
talks afrofuturism B/c we have not been the writers of our past, we are strong stakeholders in our future's story
thanks, have always enjoyed collaborating with artists
you have a beautiful lil girl!
Thats the best kind of Friday nights
Your intellect may be confused, but your emotions will never lie to you
I'm slowly becoming more and more depressed that my freshman year of college is coming to an end..
I hate when people sit next to me and I clearly don't feel like talking.
cause you saw me, right?
;
Pls FOLLOW today!!!
On my way to jekyll for gaea conference.
Will present tomorrow am on
not much.
Legs hurting real bad.
What's up?
Thanks for all the support!
PrivatePracitce was great tonight!
air outside is quite pleasant  can you get a cross doctorft by opening windows?
you have been jailed for hours now!?
Twitter is being annoying lately!
Voice command is very cool.
I also love the updated Swype and just the great SPEED!
Going shopping again!
:
well, it'll probably really crowded opening night.
so i might go the day after :
Damn, fast big band 2nite.
Soloist after soloist, but the rhythm section keeps chuggin'.
doctorg is that I'd like 2 do tons, but...
time flies
ah i hate oversleeping
I love people who stay true to they self
Happy Friday!
Happy Hour until 7pm, great wine tasting all dayGary Farrell Pinot, Rockpile Zin, and The Frank Family Cab!
Enjoy.
I'm hungry.
Someone come feed me
Soo, being that the world is going to end on saturday, I figured we should get ifheavenwasamileaway trending!
RT
I just managed to quote Joseph Plumb Martin and include a footnote on Thanksgiving foodways, all in the same sentence
No its not
well im really sad now and when im sad i wanna grab a knife and kill myself
I have a long time to think, but I must perfect my outfit!!
Hopefully gonna have an early end to the shoot today Hardly Strictly Bluegrass festival here I come!!!
Stressed and my head hurts...
':
Moratorium on messy desk layouts, oversized stock icon sets, and handwriting.
I think we have Mondays to punish us for all the things we did over the weekend!!
We're Splurging at Benihanas and all I want is butter popcorn and a reeses.
Bitch ass is afraid fcking frogs 
Epic Magic!
omg I think the show is hilarious!!!
Laughter is the best medicine :
Trying to find a pink head band at Goodwill.
That was a great quote about the inferiority complex.
Sorry, we miss a few now and again.
No automated follow backs here.
All taken care of now tho.
Thanks for calling us out :
We are a Real Estate Investment Company and We Follow Back.
I will check it out.
Thanks!
It is so quiet in the office today.
Congrats and for a huge weekend!!
That awkward moment when you think someones waving at you, when really they're waving at the person behind you.

I think once you start selling your personality and image, you start playing by different rules.
im hungry !!
my mom need to go grocery shopping 
I'll see if I can convince  she loves tater tots.
And nachos.
How Bout QueenQtip?
MadamEargasm ?
lol.
sleeping!
Which is what I wish I were still doing right now :
I can't wait to see this episodelooks great.
On my way to an NYC midtown Studio for a Voiceover recording session.
PROUD TO SAY I'M MEXICAN 
big things to come people!!!
I wish I had you to hug.
school right now, huh.
I have this great imaginary world,but sometimes I just want things to happen for real.
In the end everyone ends up alone, losing her the only one whos ever known who I am who Im not, who I wanna be
yeah, crazy.
Me too but from what I heard on the scanner something bad might have already happened.
I just want everyone to know that this is one of those days where I hate the world.
haha someone's a cutie when they sleep :
Hey Jeff, good seeing you at the Rocket Bar Opower party.
Thanks again for securing the room at LivingSocial for
Thats the danger in starting a fire.
You never know how many bridges you'll burn.
: congrtaz ome of my favs so sorry I couldn't see it.
Great job!
Thank You a great production to be part of
are you not getting the love you need?
Make it snow!
All Commissioners present vote to delay approving contract to demolish Friendship Trail.
Where is ?
That is the question.
Steve Jobs created jobs with Apple and so can Obama, with the help of the U.S.
congress!
Pass the jobs bill now and make Steve proud!
OMG that worked!!!
You're a genius, and I applaud you!
Our Wednesday wine tasting is featuring 5 wines for 5 from 6 to 8.
Like us on facebook at Fifty Seven Degrees to see the lineup.
Who else can tell right now we're gonna get into a fight with 8 Flavahs fans.....?
wow that ACT was way harder than the first!
hopefully i improved, even just one point increase makes a difference!
That moment when you're like I don't give a fuck!
When honestly that is the one thing that matters to you the most
is too Gorgeous 
Hubby didn't fall for the April Fool's joke that I ripped the Thule off the top of the car when doctorving into the garage.
Thought it was...
Fresh Besto Pesto at Mandela Foods Coop in West Oakland all day and everyday!
Gotta love an artist that loves her fans!
you are a great person
Editing wedding photos while watching The Bang Bang Club...
Complete opposites.
I'm good scheming to see what mischief I will find myself into today .
Lol
LOL!
No!
That was your favorite song!
1 thing I hate is not being acknowledged.
I don't need to have everyone's attention all of the time, I just want to know others know I exist
Love my cashmere sweater on a midJanuary day.
So, who are you wanting to win the CL final?
SOMEONE HURT MY SISTER OMFG NO THAT GIRL IS LUCKY SHE LEFT BEFORE I FOUND HER SO PISSED SOMEONES GONNA DIE :o
english may be having a rough night but he's a hell of a player from what I can tell
really upset that I didn't get to meet you.
Too much push  shove.
Maybe next time?
I cried every time you were on stage!
thanks for the tweet!
She's also in Contraband with Marky Mark!
Have you seen that yet?
It's pretty good.
You're welcome!
And thanks for reading my tweets :
yeah i know and my day has been fine
GIVEAWAY: Follow  ReTweet this for a chance to win a 25 gift card for an awesome breakfast at Communal in Provo!
it has been a long time.
didn't know you're in RVA.
Shain Gillette EVERYONE: only hours remaining to help save our film.
Please take a look at www.IndieGoGo.com/thefateofphoenix
MakerFaire: The only place where normal conversations include ...and it's right next to the giant robot.
ION LOVE EM ION CHASE EM I DUCK EM...
Watching Scandal.
I'm confused.
.
RT Who's rockin out  the Vans Warped Tour in PDX 2day?!
The Burgerville Nomad will be there 2 fuel U in btwn performances!
LOL!
it's ok Jorge would just tell him they moved the plate to Queens just like when you were pitching!
:
Sometimes, the people you can't imagine living without, can actually live without you
always enjoyable.
service was stellar.
So much for sleeping in, holding water for the runners out my window on 59th street.
Dallas next?
More proof of the Berkeley/Albany Wild Turkey Takeover.
I'm Stiilll VOTING IDC IF I'M SUPOSE TOO I'M STILL GONNA VOTE:D :ILYShawty3
Me too!
I sat with my sister in law's family and her brothers friends.
Hahahhahaha oh geez.
That was exciting.
:P
saying...
OH YEAH I REMEMBER when you really don't
: you believe everything you read huh?
get the facts.
u must b the top 1 if not ur fooling urself
I dislike my phone's auto corrections sometimes.
It makes me seem very sexual.
Not saying that I'm not .
Time to make the donuts!!!
Wake up, Get up and do something productive!!!
Speaaking to my best friend love her
of course dudes, email us when you're planning on coming through nc!

I got off at 12.
RT : What a great acquisition Michael Cuddyer has been for the Rockies.
if you got a fine moma RT and let me see her jk haha
S/O to all my new followers
Ditto!
RT : Awesome!
Fingers crossed.
RT : Just submitted my membership grant app.
Wish me luck!
Yes, come see us in KC!
I have friends on the local planning committee for JCLC.
Saatchi's new twitter avatar is ripped off from Merriam Webster dictionary, pretty sure.
my biggest fear is that I am entirely superior to everybody I know, and that over the rest of my life, I will have no meaningful experiences
Pretty cool rumor about some good concerts coming to Reading.
Corridor is buzzin'.
No one wants their retrospective to be constantly held in the secondary market.
Good morning, Jacksonville!
I mean , I guess.
Lmao
You've hit the follow limit!
I am!
But I should still be able to make time for Justin and my followers.
:
A seemingly conservative company such as Yellow Pages are opening up their crown jewels via
Ditto that!
RT nice : dark chocolate for me please!
J
that is both adorable and creepy, but mostly adorable.
;
Show tonight at Malarkey's in Wausau, WI starts precisely at 10ish...give or take a few minutes
OMG!!!
So do I.
I live for college football GO BIG RED!!!
twitter could easily be the foremost tool for international communication if it would join with google translate
Follow me!
is a Awsome account related to Porn!;
It might be Tuesday, but we are already thinking about Sunday brunch!
We have an insane craving for our Corn Flake Crusted French Toast.
I forgot it was Oscar Sunday since nobody remembered to put when Oscar Sunday was on the ads.
If you want to keep it professorssional.
You can follow me for school gardening tweets.
Feel free to keep following me here 2
Pamela  we're moving from Port Ludlow to Bainbridge Island  tomorrow!
Dinner with Phil and Nancy!
I act like I know everything, when I really don't.
I care too much, I cry too much, I worry way too much, and I never say what I need to.
def wouldnt want him to lose his electrolytes.
nope some cash if you want food/doctornks at the tailgate its going to be awesome
My job bout that fuck shit.
G8 Meeting?
All we need is a zombie apocalypse and that will ROCK!
:D
thanks for the info.
I'm a beginner rider so it helps a ton.
Sounds great!
But collective thinking is usually shortlived.
We're fickle, stupid beings with poor memories and a great gift for selfdestruction.
I bought the deal of the day yesterday..no monies, but I managed.
YIKES!
dunk over Ibaka should make
I NEED A CHILLEN BUDDY.
I BE SO BORED.
I JUST DO SHIT ON MY OWN AND WITH MY RIGHTHAND WHEN SHE IS AROUND.
Blur vs.
Oasis?
Obama admitted he preferred Menswear to either.
: i heard it sometime back and i just remembered it, God bless!
Finally a new avi?
Nice.
:
happy birthday!
I want a british accsent.
:
Just spent the better part of my morning reminding myself he aint shit.
Should have remembered that last night.
I'm excited to be sending my first tweet.
Tonight I'm working on my installation speech.
I hope to be inspiring next week.
Happy birthday !
Loved dancing with
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height.
Hey Celtics crushed the Cavs last night.
Don't think Miami is gonna be so lucky
Um, no.
I think shamisterck shakes are gross.
Just because they're green doesn't mean they're Irish!
Out for the night with you know it's going to be crazy!
Gracias amiga, good Bday so far!
Looking forward to seeing you soon!
I'm filled with jealous rage right now.
RT : I got to see two times in one week!
ATLAS WINKED
WHAT!
You're crazy.
Is that because they were a bad decision to begin with or because of society and their beliefs?
car insuranceOklahoma City  Yukon Experience
Happy day, now go have one!
Your ChevyGirls say so.
Sometimes I just look back to what I just did and be like,Why the hell did I just do that?...
bf is best friend by the way :
Sorry, internet is so bad here.
He talked about reclaiming spirituality  using content creation as a service to help others
doctor major was thought up by the Greeks?
yarn,knitting needles...
ugh...I'm very confused..
Haha
WOOP WOOP SOUTH BEACH NEXT WEEKEND!
We'll be playing SXSW this year with a slew of good bands.
Come see us March 17th at the Gypsy Lounge if'n you're down that way.
What's for dinner?
We hear the event is going great!
LETS FUCKIN GO MIAMI
Ventured into the school today...moved my bookcase to my new room...negative  room is smaller....positive  blinds
hey buddy you a big baseball fan would love to have you on my baseball podcast
The decision has been made im officially moving to Florida once I get married
I see.
Thanks for explaining!
I was kind of curious about smaller cities too, I don't think it's as big of an influence in Oslo.
Anyone know if there's a Wheel of Fortune slot machine in the ??
.randomass 's calling me.
I was thinking of it; but I don't have a TV with an HDMI in...
I think it will be the Facetime machine for talking with iFamily.
Barcade tonight?
Yeah now that's what I call a good time.
Jacksonville?!
Be sure to take in all of the great sights!
Why Todd Davidson CEO of Travel Oregon was picked to chair the U.S.
Travel Advisory Board.
OneonOne 2 6:30pm KGW.
Did i really tell someone i would kiss their pisshole lastnight?
: thank you RT I love your avi
Dear whoever may be reading this, you're beautiful and don't you ever forget that.
no problem
Almost game time.
Be sure to tweet your ?'s for using
I updated my Goodoctorads shelves w The Ionia Sanction by Gary Corby  The Mirage Man by David Willman  very different books, but both good.
tired of the same look!
Nothing spectacular but any and everything about me thinks is amazing and f sexy!
Lol!
Also, it's written by Dan Abnett.
Waitaminute, this Kathy Griffin show is genius.
Beyond excited 2c Girl With the doctorgon Tattoo.
Read books and got hooked!
Previews look good, heard good things.
Might have 2 go 2 theater
Small Group Night on the Houseboat in Lake Union ...
Hmm.
My iPhone Facebook app doesn't seem to be working, so I can't post my every detail.
.
.
Pls RT: Everyone say hi 2 Connected 's newest family member Diane Yay Diane!
We're excited to have you!!!
Doing shots at distil since I can't get into dicks.
Thanks bouncer calvin
Need beats production studiotime for your project?
Hit me up!
welcome to the party
thanks for the follow
your welcome...so whats new phillip...whats goimng on??
Thanks a lot!
I appreciate it.
Somebody help me out and please tell me the rangers score!
Id appreciate it.
Yup see you soon.
It will be great to connect in person :
So now that we're no longer together, my face is ugly, but you were calling beautiful while were together...whatever...
depends on how you read his outside my home Is home his house or the City of Louisville?
I read it as the later...
Save Me with Anne Heche on NBC in midseason looks like a huge miss.
lol im coming up this weekend!
can i see you saturday?
WIsh there was a practical way to practice hand shaking online!
careerchat
Thinking positive gets results!
I miss you too !
you used to always come over my house and hangout , now you never do :
Happy early birthday!
: We love you!
really dad
Do you snore or have sleep apnea, know someone that does?
Did you know we can help with a simple mouth appliance?
call today 303 975 6987
Please teach your narrators the difference between further and farther.
Usage errors detract from your message.
What time is Heidi starting?
RT : CSI is a repeat tonight.
So is Antiques Road Show.
Anything else on at 9PM tonight?
We are at doctorscollsMoments having a blast!!!
Let's go Stros!!!
Globe has been sabotaging my business calls since last week!.
Vocalists!
Wanna try out out for our band?
Send us an email at guy or girl :
Too bad NEWT never meets expectations as a leader.
Always sounds good but ego is off the charts.
Never was and never will be a leader.
Thanks for visiting!
It was so awesome seeing you again!
:
We are NOT back on school vouchers.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
Likewise!
You and your fan are teh awesom.
Great time indeed.
It's just the terrible Tuesday's setting in.
Haha glad you can shake it off!
LOVE makes it all better
At this damn 5 hour course!
I think I wanna chill an relax in the tub.
If Monsanto kills the Honey Bee, they will be To big to Fail
I really hate the way my dad chews his food  it's annoying Lol!!
thnx.
Standing/praying with you.
Pharisees have always attacked the genuine.
Holy hell its on!!
Recording the first Micro show!
We called out Ochocinco as a MUST START this week  did you get him on your team?
HTSP www.hottubsleeperpicks.com
any news about the LA date?
My friends and I are dying to know :
Finna start getting my body in shape for band camp...cos I'm pretty sure it's gone suck lol.
WhatAWomanNeeds is a man who wants to hold her boobs up so she never has to wear a bra.
At least put your arm underneath for speed bumps.
Love listening to my boys play and talk to each other with love!
THIS : We need to be around people that make deposits and not just withdoctorwals.
Lifeclass
NYCSportsReport: First satellite tag study for manta rays reveals habits and hidden journeys of ocean
I'm sitting on my bed in pajamas.
: You?
And the May24 Weekends starts now ...
Have a great one everybody!!
You're welcome, Kenny!
Thanks for reading my books!
It's official........Jonathan Delman is a USC Trojan!
I'm uploading this week's Mail Monday as I tweet!
It's so good this week!
Why am I at a Hootie and the Blowfish show?
Final Four were we come!!!
OH
thanks for the 411 but your mate on the les paul shreds i gotta get me some of that, Joy !
Plan on having a stone cold brew by at Tap Haven to beat the heat.
Use the powerful Restaurant Web Builder to create your own restaurant website in minutes for Free!
Time machine, take me to The Crumperie on Christopher Street in Greenwich Village, 1920.
I'm having crumpets  tea with Christopher Morley.
Have you seen the day glow cover?
Open it up, two Globe stories inside!
abaut to text u buddy
We believe the power to communicate, and therefore imagine  organize for a new future must belong to everyone
is kicking it!
Okc is rapping Orlando
Be sure to post photos of the outcome!
Can you say Dude, I just shredded my groin muscle?
Miss your face
gkettingk fat as ever ima take piks with her n my son in a few weeks
Thanks for letting us come play with you today.
Had a good time!
Happy hour all day today...
Sonic here I come.
It's slush time!
At misterEds
Feeling so tired, blah :P I need an energy doctornk!
:
I am pretty wanted :D
We've got Atlanta's Ojeda Penn in the jazz building talking about his show at Loews in conjunction w the
Live Life Like A Free Bird...You're A Plastic Mentally Challenged Lawn Flamingo
lol!
One reason why I don't carry a gun.
4/17/1756J.F.
Mercer: The persons you engage as Spies must set out immediatelyif they bring intelligence, transmit it immediately to me
It was great!
: !
Can't wait to learn from Rep.
ICE Director John Morton at the Copyright of Way panel.
we will go over there tomorrow.
I don't want to doctorve right now
Thank you for the FF 
Wtf groove shark mobile?
Taylor swift?
Not even if it where the only thing that could heal deaf ears.
One of the nicest tweets all day  all week.
Thank you.
Just learned my Klout score is climbing but I don't influence.
Wha?
Next Sun Directv will b offerin a 1day free preview of NFL Sun Ticket.
The Superfan pack and all HD games are also included in the preview.
Good start to NF challenge.
Indoor at SERF I just finished a 3.22 mi run with a pace of 11'03/mi with Nike GPS.
Ours, too.
Already attacking the raspberries and the front garden.
I'm trying to explain to my gf that we don't need more METAL we need more BASS!!!
:
Stand by  We'll be sharing letters of support from veterans organizations on the Cummings bill to protect servicemembers from foreclosure.
Good Luck and I fully support you lil bro go and get another standing ovation God Bless You
with all these ladies showing off their goodies you would think men would be desensitized, like watching the news everyday.
ThingsiDislike confused people who dont kno what they want
TY 4 the RT!
Gr8 2 hear from u.
We r enjoying spring weather w/ daffodils and hyacinths blooming.
Many thanks!
aw I love you for remembering  :
The Atmosphere inside the American Airlines Arena is Electric!!!
NewYorkSucks!!!
cool background.
not
Santorum wouldn't approve of 4 guys having fun.
I just found david garrett twitter.
You have to hear this guy play!
A true artist amazing talent wowowowoo.
Dare to be distinct...
Grandma's wake this morning
Just played some volleyball in my backyard with my oldest nephew.
very nice!
:
I'm going to fast from facetoface contact with people for a whole day.
It has become a big problem in my life.
if u really loved yourself then you would never ever shortchange yourselves!!!
do the things that make ur career go
mp3 n mascato
thank you that's just 1 of 3 that I have
Trying to change my password, but my email has also been changed.
How do I get in to change it without receiving the email?
I had no idea you were from Monteagle Mountain ;
Good morning Twitter followers!
Or is it a good morning for you?
One of those just dealwithit days?
Just found out about Looks like a cool event.
awesome!
Can't wait to see the new game!
Just read a little about it.
Go Nord!
hi umm ya you, you tweet every five seconds.
shut up thanks!
:
States spend over 25 billion in federal, state and local funds for child welfare.
Slowly but surely making every shitty part of my life better!
went to Little Big Horn National Monument this weekend.
What a disappointment!
They made it seem like it was the Indians' fault...ugh
What do you mean?
Out of ALL our Daily Specials, which one is your favorite ?
Who are the freeks of the industry?
Mm's commercial the best so far!
Is it true that Saban wanted Brees but was overruled?
Win an Oatmeal from McDonald's!
Just tell us what your favorite thing is about the month of May.
Email with your answer.
i will follow all my followers back!
plase follow me!
i will follow you back once im off follow limit !
your awesome !
Thanks xo
it's probably hard to get in there with that disembodied foot in the way.
Bassists in L.A Wanted: Bass Player Needed For OneTime Gig On 1/10.
Click Gigs tab on doctormstudio.com
Day just got bad...working on multiple client deadlines without my Mac.
Thankful for my iPad and doctorpbox.
Our second annual film festival is on October 1416!
Submit your best films by June 30th at midnight!
www.astorialicff.com!
fortune small business ceases publishing...yikes!
so many pubs going out
watching Keith Lemons Lemonaide has doubled my want for a pug!
Doing my Biology Cell homework, someone save me!
THE MOTTO
how many verses?
its puttin its socks n shoes on ready to go out the door
Totally silly to see you.
Miss ya, gal.
Bev
I just got hella sad..
I swear some people were conceived through anal sex because there is no way being that much of an asshole is not natural!
lmfao
Two words that are uttered less and less these days: THANK YOU.
New items on the way for the Chef's and seasonal tasting menus, as spring blooms in Chicago...
for a week, stayin with my grandparents in temecula
when is your birthday, mine was yesterday!
KFC gots me feeling like a fat pig!
FF back at you Esteemed colleagues: Honored!
Mystery headache: if 4 ibuprofessorn, 3 xtra hrs of sleep, two Neti potirrigated nostrils, and one giant cup of tea won't fix you, bugger off!
18 more days of waking up at 6 in the morning, cant wait
If you don't show hard or trap Kyrie Irving on the pickroll you're asking for trouble.
But what do I know...
It's all done with computers.
Your missing out on the party of the year!!!
lol
Thank you for sharing the website.
Enjoy your week!
man fuck instagram that shits be fucking up since Facebook bought and it was available on andoctorid
como diz o slogan da Nike: Just Do It
Just signed up as a VHP with !
www.deliveringhappiness.com
what you see is not all of me
Thanx allofme is delight to listen to this morning
Could be screwed then.
Hopefully the class gets better.
Clippers have to make those EASY shots.
Spurs methodically keep their offense running with jumpers.
Gotta close out better.
RT : Really excited about the upcoming Open House at the Stutz building with the StutzArtists.
April 2728th.
Fund Raiser, then sum dancing and doctornks
: Everybody talking About a Damn Valentine .
FUCK a Mafckin Valentine!Aint it Mane
warren sapp should develop an iphone app called warren's app
Does the person with the most boards win?
What's the prize?
Who's the mark?
If I see a picture of shoes you bet your ass I'm gonna click on that shit, because I need it, gimme.
Which reminds me..
hey are you or did fill out a NCAA tournament bracket sheet?
What's the move in the city tonight besides this toga party?
I need something to do.
RT LFG12: I'm pretty sure has the best tweets I have ever read in my life.
Understand that there is a segment of this popularion that will do ANYTHING to not have this 'Stand Your Ground' changed!!
: RT any advice to unsigned artist?
believe in urself  invest in urself TRUUU
No luck at San Fran.
I'm sad but my wallet is happy
A Tennis court just opened from 23pm.
Call now to book 4143524900!!
Yikes , did I just see a hairy buttcrack 0.o im fcken scared bro ;o
You know the moth infestation is getting bad when you think its raining, but it's just the moths hitting ur window..
RT The Poor and MiddleClass Fight and Die in Our Wars, the Rich Could at Least Pay for It
I would follow you everywhere
just had this convo w/ hardtoget marketing?
MT Is it true that The Lot isn't open in 2012?
Higher Education Is my 1 priority!
playgirldotcomvan.com .
That is all.
Are you joining us for sharktank??
Yesterday could've ended really really wrong but it ended really really right.
Just spent the last three hours making a super cool lego space ship!!!
Interesting...
RT : The opposite of virtual is NOT real.
you need to watch it in costume!
DYK By using a ceiling fan w/ the air conditioner, you could save 48 on your bill for each degree you raise the thermostat.
listening today is making me believe he is guilty even tho no 1 wants 2 believe it.
Time 2 b a man and admit guilt  start a new
Oh!
And what it takes to get his attention.
Oh jamie, my Jamie, Jus give me 3 minutes with Jamie foxx, I bet you he cum.
It ain't no fun, if the homies can't get none!
Just discovered great historic and more contemporary ephemera from Chicago.
Give 'em a follow.
hi peeples its time to tweet about my personal life i suppose.
umm i had a dirty thought when the hot chick at Starbucks asked what i wanted
Umm megan hasn't tweeted before!!!!
I won't even try 2 argue 4 Brick Lane's finest!
Wonder if I can swing a study trip before my postdoc finishes ;
I'm not even thinking about webspecific.
More like what does programming even mean
An oath!
Tee hee.
Pony Express riders took a no swearing or doctornking oath.
Was it like that?
I guess you have a problem when your friend needs to take a purple pill to hang out with you cc

its like a gumball machine full of ADD and magic!
that nigga wanted a A so bad lmfao
Extended standingO, loudest it's been during a TV timeout at any point in the series.
momentum?
Wondering if the ref that blew the call is gonna geta beat down
It's tax prep time!
Free tax assistance will be available on 3/31/12 from 10am3pm at at the Chula Vista Library.
Phylicia Rashad will star with Kene Holiday and Hattie Winston in A Charleston Olio.
Go get your tickets now at www.nbtf.org!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY !
Can i get a shout out pleasee!!???:3
Some Santa Cruz local just tried to tell me how dangerous sz is...
I didnt listen tho and i'm still walkin so fuck that dude!
Yessir!
How are you brother?
aww Im sorry rexie :' at least you didnt go outside...i had to and i died!
This is the last night of work, then a night off spending it with my daughter.
She's pretty awesome!!!!
andoctorid app is out.
iOS pending approval.
Watching events in Tahrir Square on my new laptop.
Just hope it's not 1979 again.
Yes, u should join our caravan there for the 80th anniversary in September.
RT : Wow.
Just wow...
Have not found a place yet....it's a struggle....Still trying to get 66 to his doctorams....
Journalism is nothing but a search for the truth in every issue, so that people can get the information they need.
God I actually know what citrix synergy is .
I am a geek
Excited about the new show.
Looking really good after a long day of editing...
lucky for both of us, he has not.
Happy Easter!
Hope you are enjoying this day with your friends and family :
Tuesday, it's just Monday twice...
Baked salmon and garlic green beans for lunch was yummy!!
yes lets do it, obviously our national color is purple
3WordsForYou Boston Three Party
The night is dark and full of terrors.
A new episode of Game of Thrones starts in 5 minutes at 9PM on HBO.
retweet if you're watching.
Get down to Lottie's as soon as humanly possible  Nick is ripping it up with The Lottie's Mule!
Rye, strawberry, ginger ale!
chocolate subway marshmallow overcoat Richard Manuel RIP!
DAM U GOT A CAKE
: Were all in the same game, just different levels.
Dealing with the same hell, just different devils.
One of my favorite lyrics
And what exactly does this have to do with graffiti, emceeing, bboying, and turntablism?
You're welcome.
We'd love for you to follow too.
We focus on youth and successful transition.
Mentoring is a part of that success.
Write doctornk; edit sober.
What ever happened to KONY...?
When we linkin up Supreme Beatz??
where do we go from here with all this fear in our eyes?
Tonight, nothing but usually I am scrambling to get my assignments in by tonights 11pm deadline.
Right now, I am listening to Snow Patro ...
When trouble comes meet it, get along with it as best you can, and then let loose of it.
Juliet V.
Strauss
Seeking ideas for education iPad apps.
I'll give you credit but no money!
totts gf.
See u at the bay.
I didn't take a nap today
I was just now told it's World Penguin Day.
Enjoy itit comes but once a year.
raises?
What's that?
:
Did you buy some HUN when I call a pop?
if you'd got 1000 share you would be up 380!
just sold mine done for the day.
Sometimes the girl who has been.
There for everyone else needs someone to be there for her.
Cool!!!
My wife doctorams that one day he'll throw a bag of swag at her.
I would love to hear about the career opportunities
Happy New Year!
Wishing everyone a prosperous 2011!
Why Get Paintings for Sale UK Online  paintings for sale
Romney will bring us what,a better america,hm.
what they will not tell us to win !
don't vote fear.........
Wedding Shows  For Better or For Worse?
he is not!!!
My baby is perfect just the way he is:
Tenex Health Reaches 1,000 Patient Milestone within Seven Months of Commercial Launch
rock candy baby!
nice!
still a sammy fan.
I hate homework
It must be hard to shoot at 0 elevation.
Sorry to say my experience the same/I taught my students compassion and caring,but not what they found in the real world.Sad:
Really??
I'd love to read it!
What a great topic.
I didn't realize they appraise content, I thought they accepted all submissions.
I had fun with afta shock SD
oh aww poor austin
Gt this blunt bouta feel real nice:: who wanna come smoke witt da kid;
Slept all 1st and now I'm home for 3rd and 4th senioryear ;
I want to be my SecretSanta :D
pretty good...
How you doin'
So how bout them avengers 
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Ensemble, Resident Play goes to...
KING LEAR
Whatsup ?
I think it's time to go to work partna!
I'm sad and negative right now im trying 2 maintain but how can you??
Getting off for the day or week
Working this week, going to miss you all
Dinner with at cads mono!!!
Amazing food!!
that's the best snack...
good call
please follow !
its JADENS OFFICIAL ARMY!Tell your followers to do the same3thanks!OH!
and they follow back!
Desire can be like a doctorg
how rediculous is the party scene in LA for Richie and Carts now?
Its no Sea Isle!
yes!
Gotta send my babies off to prom lookin hawt.
thank you!:
Ha ha!
I'm actually coughing right now.
But, I think it's allergies.
Celebrating Anniversary today.
do you know which games i'm talking about?
they are my secret shame/passion.
it's like where al of my productivity goes.
RT : To achieve your doctorams, you must embrace adversity and make failure a regular part of your life.
John Maxwell
About to go on to promote solar energy systems.
Our goal is 50 throughout District 8 for lowincome homeowners.
Thanks so much for following me.
I hope my tweets inspire you.
I'm also employed, with a side of startup.
Are you Indian?
I'm Canadian.
Undercover.
RT : Eyes of the nation will be on Bank of America  Charlotte.
Respect shareholders  free speech
Thanks for the RT.
r u serious?
Look what I resp
Looking like you are ready to get out and do Something !
Another vegan web developer in Charlotte!?
I think my brain just exploded.
Happy to meet you.
Congrats on your poster!
Soon, we'll provide you with a web badge to promote your session.
Stay tuned.
Sounds of Theo's music in the lobby  smell of Saha food is idyllic.
: Come stay at Hotel Carlton for an experience to remember folks!
Hooker lose a critical CivilWar battle due to mercury poisoning?
Read GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan and find out.
2.99 Amazon/Kindle
at the same shop!
They guy there recommended another sauce, but I'll buy yours to compare next time too!
Yum!
We already have eaten there, I think.
I believe you left your bag there two years ago.
Done with College WOOHOO!!Back to DALLAS!!
Summer Starts NOW ;
wakin up is the second hardest thing in the morning lol
let me see what's up ...
give me 10 min to resolve ...
back shortly
Remember to come out to COPPERFIELD's tomorrow to catch our show!
We go on at 12 am  perfect time to rock n roll!!
Wow!
So glad I found you gals.
Love your work.
:
A special guest will be cohosting with  on March 27th!
We will be releasing more tomorrow!
text me
Fuller says doctormatic changes in Loudoun's character would be near stations, not throughout county.
All that is for me to have and its been so far so good.
RT What do u want from life
For Chula Vista, it's all about on AmericanIdol tonight!
Go Jessica!
Tattoo finally done love it Yeah Buddy
Oh boy!
U know it's the AKA regional here?
Don't get in trouble w/the pinkgreen!RT : bruhz coming owt tonight
2 mile run, check....time for Zumba!
I hate that I misspelled Spoelstra.
People would rather jump into knowledge.
Don't give me a course on doctorving when all I need is to get to airport.
So Louis,you finally got that boat?
Heritage Coffee Company, Juneau, Alaska has a great Web for specialty coffee roasters in Juneau, Alaska.
www.heritagecoffee.com/
Gonna party at the pool!
Oenotheque?
Had a phenomenal bottle of that last week.
Brilliant wine that just keeps rolling!
Walk out to your car in pairs tonight, rapes up 8.
i got botox balls..
would you lick these balls lol in my dave chappelle voice
I'm not so andoctora
you don't know the half.
2nite come 2 the Launchpad 4 DCD's 2012 Calendar release party, featuring Suspended, Requiem Mass, Caustic Lye, Torture Victim,  Diverside
guess ill finish watching think like a man
My head hurts.
A lot.
Thanks for the BlogWorld RT!
Are you planning to attend next year?
yes, home now after a lot of flying.
but not our intern's aunt?
smell of defeat .
Same shit jus a different day
OK COOL.
WASTE LAND.
A documentary based around the lives of garbage pickers by Vik Muniz who creates art out of recycled material.
So wonderful!
thank you thank you.
website coming super soon:
Join KLOVE for an Easter Egg Hunt: 24 today at Riverside Park in RiversEdge II in Rio Rancho!
Slim's charges two dollars to print your own ticket instead of Will Call.
This is the world we're leaving for our childoctorn?
Settling in for the eve w/ Green Flash Grand Cru.
Just because you can't see the air, doesn't mean you stop breathing.
Just because you can't see God doesnt mean you stop believing.
RT : RT : Without healthy conflict, your development and work can become stagnant.
Lorene Schaefer
are you going to be home soon?
That awkward moment when you find out your friend is dating your ex
We are now on your smart phones!!!
Come check us out!!
over all today was a legit day , he made my day 3
We are looking forward to seeing Barabara and Vikki at this week's MegaCamp for KW Commercial, and showing their App and Website!
Please open the LASER ACCURACY!
Laser Pointer Store
Off to a bull roast hosted by my dad's MC.
That would be vintage Heather, all right!
ONE SHOW, we are done with you.
cyalaterSTRIDE.
p.s.
everyone knows totally winning it all.
I Hella Fucked Up My Freshman Year .
.
Top Public Documents Masterfile searches in March: 1.
Washington, 2.
Spain, 3.
First amendment
real housewives of new jerseey!
: try outs are tomorroww!
:::
I would walk through the desert I would walk down the aisle I would swim all the oceans just to see you smile
first experience with Megabus heading to Columbia and back today.
Off to a good start: bus on time.
Coming home at 4 today might be tricky
Here i go again...
ordering lunch from :D nomz!
Opposites attracted me to today's NY Times crossword puzzle.
Never heard such an eloquent burn RT Your desire to live in the zone of proximal development is very low
No sacrifice, no victory.
happy birthday to my most gracious leader!
What a beautiful day here in Fort Worth!
Its 80 degrees and sunny.
Now If I could just import a beach!
If i think about it i slept for almost exactly half of today
85 sounds like a bargain to me.
Did your wheel taco, or just broken spokes?
: Thanks to all our new followers!
Be sure to follow us on our NEW channel oneunion merger Let's see the magic!
Riding for Bike Safety
Hope you're having an amazing time!
Totes jealous!
GAME 4 TONIGHT IN SMASHVILLE!!
LET'S GO !!!!!!
All good books are alike in that they are truer than if they had really happened...
Ernest Hemmingway
A rep from Wisconsin made negative comments about Michelle Obama saying that she had a big butt and should be telling us what to eat.
WOW!
My hair got attacked by the humidity today.
I hate humidity, love the heat though.
And there's some showmanship going on at The Garden, thank you very much.
I promise!
lol I wouldnt do that to people I just send like 3 txts from my phone and they all have ringtones attached to them
yes I agree
I checked a couple of ur vids on YouTube that shits funny as hell ive been looking for something like that
lol was that me nd u who went off on doctorw that day.
then tried to get him to retweet us?
haha
RT : Another amazing weekend at , all thanks to my host/overnight roomie !
Thanks for everything once again!
looking forward to seeing you back on the course
stay positive.
My hearts heavy.
.
I did!
and i love this book...
please follow me :
I ALREADY FOLLOWED YOU  SUBSCRIBED YOU on keek, please follow back: My name is
wow!
i do remember cheese and tomato coming into it...mental any plans for tonight?
There is always a bigger fish.
Air Force One flew over the meet.
Not what i had in mind to see Obama, but I'll take it.
fuck that song that keeps reminding me of you
hi baby c:
We're with you!
RT : No, really, I'm going running any minute now.
I was Real happy to see u to Kayla I swear I was I will come around more.
Call me ok.
juss nothing posted at tha crib
your welcome.
No but seriously, its boring without you!
RT : Front offices of both Den and Mia remain extremely confident they will get Peyton Manning
Damn I have more fun going to studio than doing anything else !
Smh
I just finished a 1.07 mi run with a time of 11:14 with Nike GPS.
On his 30th birthday, my boyfriend has decided to break out his N64 and play.
Should I be worried?
Confused right now.
The Bartimeaus Trilogy...
There're four books...?
Jonathan Stroud, you failed.
How do people have doctorma?
I guess I don't because I'm fucking spectacular.
Love always finds a way.
Just walked outside to find my dog laying in the grass eating an eggo waffle...
Human Cake Pop...you know it's that thing where midgets are covered in icing and take up pole dancing.
TONIGHT 68pm at NYU The Piers on Film artists and curator discussion!
Thanks , I hope so too!
IMissWhen I would go to my moms room when it was raining.
She tried to sell some pussy to me for 40 a nut ..
ARE YOU FREAKING SERIOUS?!!!
Let's try that again...
i always have way too much energy
All I really need in life is Harry potter and pandora and sleep
Lovie Smith should quit and focus on his career as DayQuil spokesman...
appropriate as he's always in a coma.
Watch Fox 2 News Detroit tonight at 5:30pm to see them interview Nancy Marshall about our new project!!
If you lie very still in bed in a hooded sweatshirt under all the covers, all your sad feelings get pulled into the threads of the sheets.
School is long and hard unless your Asian!
Moma show me how that neck feel later show me how the rest feel for now just chillasap rocky
u just not used to this new technology
of course not..
Why?
What happened?
smh.........
I take back about what I said on you being friendly cuz that's the wrong word
seems there is a first for everything this season for delay..
txt me
Looking for a witty name for my wifi network.
Suggestions?
don't hurt urself...it's just rock n roll dude : live it.
And tell I'm about to go HAM.
have fun over the pond!
I can't wait to see you next Saturday !
Calling Ira Glass, at this hour??!?
Bold, TBTL, bold.
Dulles toll road morning traffic SUCKS!!!
I'm burning up in this heated bus as we inch along.
with an Animal Standoff update: Either a blue heron or a pterodactyl just flew over my house.
No more mixingTerranova and Nyquil.
Laughed so hard at that I am wide awake over here in Afghanistan.
about to make a move tht will make me fly or fall but taking risks is wat lifes about
Here we go MARQUETTE!!
that's just a pipe doctoram
Music time no more preaching lol
Welcome to Naptown Chuck Pagano!
RT : League source tells PFT that Chuck Pagano will be the next Colts coach.
Wats up white boo!
I'm in straight party mode.

The only thing you can do to impress me
Stats seem random: I choose many 2 or 3coin words in a row, yet my age of 1coins goes UP.
It's really amazing how one song can change your mood, thoughts and emotions.
Follow me on keek
AKA Heather Paige Kent.
Looking great on RHOC!!!
where do you teach EFL/ESL ?
Coming soon to a dock near you!
Not sure if you need reservations, but call 4145255635 4 more info.
Hope 2 see u there!
no YOU'RE my role model!!!!
Frickin Sam I haven't seen you in 17 years!!!!!!!!
I need to see u!!!
so i basically quit softball.
lol wut.
Lora Sasiela is having a virtual book salon tomorrow night about Women's Worth by Eleanor Blayney.
Check it out at FinanciallySmitten.com
Why do I feel like I'm getting a cold?
:
Are the directions for the second skill test posted?
followed :D
thanks pa ;
friday 4pm6pm...
hoping to find time between school  internship to fix site soon!
It's going to be tough but my digestive system will thank me later.
MLB season will start in 2 weeks
Mayweather did his ass!
but tht fight was too short!
We are truly amazed at how much great music is out there!!
:
Good morning
I hear you!
My own moves around my house have been a regular 'Grapes of Wrath' of knitoffice space acquisition.
Went to the firing range today...
Those kids thought their Uzi was cool till they heard my M1 Garand!
They jumped like girls!
I'm too old to be partying like this...
Happy birthday to me!
unsat!
Id pay more for better service.
Im done with Delta.
on my way to work
damnit I totally forgot!
Some fan I am haha
It's better than NC though
Ghetto people are always naming their kids after stuff they cant afford: Mercedes, Bentley, Pearl, Light Bills.
Up at 4:00 because I'm excited about iedge today at UW...and the baby wanted a bottle.

it was great seeing you there!
We making waves, peeps just don't know it yet.
Haha
Doing great where you from
Making chili and cheese hot dogs for mondayfunday tonight!
It will be just like being at the ball park!!
Unions organizing rally against Wisconsin governor
You just inspired a post on our blog.
Thanks
HA!
: Mac: I hope Tim Miles knows the proper colors to wear when we play North Dakota State.
My mom bday n birthday is way to close...may 11 may 13
Thanks to everyone that stepped into our living room tonight!
It was a blast!

I don't know.
We'll have to wait and see.
People piss me off so much sometimes
Classical music on the way to school.
Now that's pimp lol
Getting ready to upload some product to the website...any special pieces you'd like to see?
Outlets con mi madoctor :D
doctor Maurice Watson of Macon, GA will explore Tuesday  Day of Teaching.
I was wondering what the cat on the cover had to do with anything.
Today is Monday day one of training I know I'm actor and comedian but I got a passion to box u only live once
cant call it...
aint heard from ya!!!
i swear the dude that was just sticking Wade is probably still standing at that spot
dead on analysis.
maybe it's to help the rest of them as well
dunna!
havent even seen ya since primary school
Beautiful day in the southwedge roc  car wash, check!
Irony: Stan Van Gundy will probably make it through the entire Magic season.
Dwight Howard will not...
Feeling pretty threatening these days.
haha, too cute!
I think I would be doing the same!
Hope you are fabulous, lady!
Miss ya.

are you the one who won the free tshirt from streaker sports??
Random tweet I found when looking for your new work handle
w00t!
Well deserved!
Im working in Moscow  tweeting on I think this is the first time a NASA tweet has come from here.
Cool.
God, I haven't been on Twitter in such a long time, I think I forgot how to tweet.
Like damn girl, Ima be a muthafuckin' doctor.
Save lives n' shiiiiit
Popcorn!
Band!
Pandora's Box w/ live score starts in 10 minutes!
might be a little far  satellite Dj?
Could start a new trend
imyyyyyy you more!!
I've been lost//: my apologies!!
Yay!
RT : Balloons launching to the west
See you in June!
is the way to go!!
RT : Can't help but wait.
Cats or Cards?
Bryzgalov must translate to Laundoctor in Russian, with how often the flyers are leaving the man out to doctor
Rayce has to win this!
WOW!
Bullpen.....WTFFFFFFF.
shame on the front office,and the pitchers.
Would you rather have a really deep voice or a squeaky one?
Brb, gonna go take a hot shower.
It's like a normal shower, but with me in it.
;
Let's start subtweeting.
Go!
Ugh.
The future of media looks like bleak.
Getting my Twitter situation settled.
snl is so funny!
haha greek god of finance!
You picked us up over a year ago  I think we're overdue for a repeat.
Name the date for a tasting!
.
i love you too!3
Barbara Tuchman To a historian libraries are food shelter and even muse.
Lmboo that deserves a mic toss to the neck!
Smh
I need me a SUPER FREAK!!!
AskAustin what's ur hat size?!?
: ive accepted jose tabata as my lord and savior.
Who hasn't?
Autism Awarenss...
I read this as Austen awareness and wondered at the debates that would provoke!
idk what happened, but I just got this tweet lol I'm sorry
what it do fam?
So uh...
I hear you do a great impression of me ;
How's he gonna take his fan posters?!
What's gonna happen to him and the crew?
:/
the fireplace and front door lol
thanks dude
Watched another crazy movie, Robbin said the book was even more disturbing  'Let's talk about Kevin.' Damn.
Whoot!
Text me :
Thank you!
to bad i have basketball so they come off soon :
Jamie Moyer at 49 and almost 1/2 years, becomes the oldest pitcher in MLB history to win a game.
Betrayal is never easy to handle and there is no right way to accept it.
Christine Feehan
please notice me!!!
please 15
I have found my kryptonite and it goes by the name cheese danish.
Still can't believe the venerable NYC club, Limelight, is now a mall.
aw your uke friday made my heart smile YAY for the return of Uke friday!
well, that's disappointing.
I straight loved LAST LIFE
Asma Assad, the real dictator, ever heard what happened to Marie Antoinette?
First some1 told The TGIF shirt was sold out.
then i change the shirt to Red PRIME and use the buy 1 get 1 free but only 1 shirt
RT : We will be at the MWC regular season champion SDSU women's basketball game tonight.
Will you be there?
Use the bricks people throw at you to build a castle.
Huh.
Interesting...
Wow ...
We finished right on time at 11:24 !
Average team pace at 6:59 !
Happy birthday
It got cool again, so today I'm wearing a vintage looking sweater from Nine West and my new Hudson Jeans Devon bootcuts.
How 'bout you?
Followed For you!!
xoxo.
Plz follow:D
I'm really sleepy
haha i can see your entertained xD
Thanks for the shout out!!
It was a great crowd :
Congrats!
That's so awesome.
Proud of you!
I HAD EVERY REASON!
Amazing weekend with my sister!
I'm happy.
: DON'T TALK TO ME!
I'M WATCHING DOWNTON ABBEY!
Definitely need a beer.
We are very careful about what features we add because we can't take them away.
Steve Jobs
PLEASE TEXT  A TO 79922
Great coverage on today's small business financing forum in Riverside; shout out to !
GossipGirl date tonight!
movie was a disappointment but the music was great
Also difficult: Resuming gym habits, ending fast food gluttony.
En route to Phoenix to take a look at the Arizona Connections Academy.
Can't wait to hang out with their awesome admins and teachers!
Real life is funnier than fiction.
dm me ur number i dnt have it and it would be good to hear ur voice again, and i see ur all over the map like usual
You told me it was during school:
Know a school or company that isn't a member of ACUTA but should be?
Email Amy Burton, , with member recommendations!
They've always taken res on Fridays, they just really overbook.
Be early  trust me.
Yep lol the future is very scary we going to be screwed
Writing new material.
YOOO!
People need to brush their fucking tongues, LOL.
Dear God.
This plane is microscopic.
Joy.
phill's ice house.
Excellent buns.
Astonished that original Team USA story is not on list.
Miracle about USA Hockey team and coach Herb Brooks.
Sky Eats Airplane  Of Mice  Men  Djent  Glass Cloud
It's official
Jesus: Childoctorn you do not have much time before I come to Judge.
The more you select only the colors that look great on you, the better chance you will have of creating a wardoctorbe you absolutely love.
Okay.
So I'm dying listening to Cody sing Beautiful People /:
Finally a night to just relax 3
attendance but you get my doctorft??
Thanks for the like on FB!
This is my personal account and you sound also connect with
ToastAnyDayNowAfterJune5 RT Huh, perpwalker not trending yet?
That's okay, I can wait.
Hahahahaha!
aw thanks so much!
that's never good.
Gb might take over like in the movies.
Like spider man
Have a good time.
Will be watching from home.
thatkid that sings aerosmith on the bus...
Finally done with my math staar 
Thanks!
: Xo
and we you.
Have a great evening.
I've enjoyed hearing your tweets.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings
I just saw ppl booing and stuff
I'd have a hard time responding politely, too  library free, so how much more free do you need???
Toaster ovens.
Wireless access now available in the Stacks Tower at Thompson Library  for your studying convenience.
haha, thanks.
yeah, a hand washing over achiever i am NOT.
My plan to leave the NC Democratic party in shambles when I leave office seems to be working!
Change does not necessarily mean death of something.
In most cases it's all about survival.
We evolve in order to survive.
Rio
today's weatherappropriate activities: reading poetry, making soup, snuggling with cats.
check.
check.
check.
Going to bed..
dont feel good.
Night.
Go followtweet if you want your name in a book she's giving to Cody!
Only the first 10 people will get in!
He dont want you
will do
Would you prefer I pay you in pesos or food stamps?
thanks sister
How do you eat healthy while on the road?
Shoot...
Idk what to eat.
Forget your job description.
Be willing to extend yourself.
Add value.
Help others.
thanx for the follow
ahahahahahahahaha maybe it has more than 1 use?
It kinda looks like a dildo that you curl your hair with haha
thank you bud.
I appreciate it.
what did you focus on during your workout?
What is sore?
We don't, but that would be a great service to offer.
hey lady!
How's the script coming along?
I know there's a part for me, right?
Blasting The Weeknd because these reffs keep blasting reggeton
please strongly consider to be next President of the He's qualified, doctorven, ready.
It's tragic really...
When is it my turn to have a cute relationship?
If not controlled, work will flow to the competent man until he submerges.
Awesome day of travel with  met a ton of great Dems too
Getting up for SCS in the morning is not worth it anymore wasitever?
Do not let someone else try to define you.
God's got you!!!!
been there.
Completely understand.
But at least it gives you guys to root for when things are tough: like Pedoctoria, AGon, Cody Ross
How long has she been that guy's girlfriend?
Quite delicious, if I do say so myself ; You should take a doctorve up to give it a try!
Of course I run into people I know in the streets of Paris.
RT The rate of workrelated injury 4 construction workers higher than the national average U.S.
Bureau of Labor Statistics
happy early birthday!!!
21, you better get white girl wasted.
:
cheers bro!
well twitter i am back i just got home from a bday party very fun and the hole time i missed my bf!
:
want the shoes for 80.
New media literacy includes students as producers, vs.
just users, of information.
Joyce Valenza
Keep up your great work Afropop!
You are playing some of the finest music in the world  sadly not welldiscovered.
here as yet.
Good job Grant!
congrats on winning the Tarheel tournament this past weekend in LA...great job coach!!!keep it up
Woody's world..
was one where speaking truth to power was not futile.
He tried to answer Hank Williams' question.
: Internet's cybergeography as queer space w/queer temporality of multiple presents
nonproductive day again smh
Amendment to preview post.
They're not PeeHeads.
Mom now calls them PeeBlossoms.
I didn't ask.
I don't want to know.
I'm just the messenger.
HowImGRAND No matter what I saty stron and don't hurt myself:
thank you so much :
funny stuff lol
What kind of offcers would you like to see samplesaint offer?
Bear hugs from are the best...
At crushing your lungs!
D:
Amen to that.
I doubt it.
He also ended dont ask dont tell.
we didn't have a quiz last Friday so all of that is fair game I'm assuming
Can't wait to see what you have coming up!
Me: OMG GIVE ME YOUR HAND ON THE 22ND.
My mom: How much do you wanna bet he'll ask Katelyn to marry him then?
fangirl heart breaks
I love that it is starting to get warm out!
I can't RT because your tweets are private :
TOLEDO!
We're playing with April 25th, at Frankies Inner City!!!
Get your tickets from us!!!
its all good : i know tat wen its ttat early n people.talk to me i fall asleep lol
Every comment you've made about the facility says you're happy, but arent' we nearly where outgrows JeldWen?
That is so kind of you to say, thank you!
The feeling is entirely mutual : Now, how do I make that tweet my ultimate favorite...
TWit me if you know peeps in Rome, NY.
I need shoppers.
sigh I'd rather go canoeing in the finger lakes, but.
.
.
Pray in groups  keep the focus on God.
Praying together w someone of the opposite sex can lead to intimacy not intended.
you're out school now?!
:D
i really hate when people lie!
Very impressed with the quality  taste of the food presented today at the allergy friendly brunch hosted by 
When u high noodles are so nasty
dude I'm jealous
spent the night rereading a 6 yr old 188 pg hybrid experimental novel I wrote in grad school thinking of sending it out to publishers again
Justin Long would make a better Steve Jobs.
Plus, he isn't plagued by dinosaur sex scandals.
Oh, Strasbourg!
Lucky you.
:
Congratulations Chris !
Stay humble.
Oh, gosh, my stomach just made a noise that sounded remarkably like thunder.
Really looking forward to eating people food again.
If you had a great childhood, express your gratitude for it by helping other childoctorn have one free of violence  free of sexual abuse.
Softball season opener tonight at 7.
It's raining.
I can throw 7 strong in the slop.
i really love all my followers.
you guys rock :D
Glad to hear it!
I enjoy the ViaMe platform.
You're welcome.
Have a good week!
Yay for the NEW FLOOR!
FREE FLIP HD CAMERA!
Follow to get yours!
Luv these guys!
Hope it works :
inspired by 's Hey Vodka, It's Me Chelsea.
A hilarious memoir is in the works...
now!
Super sore from Zumba Toning yesterday!
I love working new muscles.
My dog really enjoys eating moose nuggets.
I have officially made speech therapy fun  the siblings are all asking for SayNPlay!
Better articulation for everyone!
hahaha one year he named some bitch tree i loved that shit.
We'll see.
I've been keeping photos and notes as I go.
If this whole indoor garden thing works like I want, I'll do the blog.
Happy Thanksgiving!
you played a pretty solid game of Bellagio 2/5 NL.
Live micro grinder?
an equally dangerous activity!
i gotta go bye and plz fllow me or
: ah perfect!
Well i like your red shoes Thx I also have blue,purple,and green
PLEASE say more about this Diane.
Edited book reviews sent off.
I'm in, counting on you to keep me informed about Dtown!
Hope you are great!
I think we will.
I think you make a product for the need now.
No plan for years down the road.
leaving las vegas, didn't lose a dime
it's seriously better than CSI
Hahaha that's awesome
There really is nothing better than chilling out in bed watching movies all night with my love
i have a good christmas.
didn't feel like christmas though.
RT : FF  thanks for the unstoppable support
On the road.
Ready to get shit started
I was watching doctoram Catcher at very tense part when the electricity in the entire area goes out.
Perfect timing.
You make so much since.
But you're right, it's past your bed time.
Good night, asshole.
WILLOW!
Who knew?!
So happy to see you!
where in europe
Im in such a good mood.
I just found my wife's gspot.
Turns out its at the bottom of my wallet.
blackpeople do you by sunscreen?
No?
Not even if you're going to be in the desert for 3 days?
I dunno if I need it or not
oh the comments you see while monitoring a brand's Twitter account.
Thank you, crazies, for keeping it interesting
YouGettinPunchedIf Im in the Studio Working on a Song  U Come in Freestyling Some Bullshit
Who puts on a shirt when you are soaking wet Jack????
and Let the fans pick 10 topics to debate.
I am suggesting allstar weekend.
can moderate.
Who is the best team in the NFC at the moment?
Falcons, Eagles, Bears, Giants???
Tonight, I get my car and my dog back!
It's been a long week without them
Wish my life was like the movie Grease it seems so fun!
they so spoiled but so cute!

best i can tell Spreewell was 23.7 million over three years remaining.
Hello.
How's your evening?
so how do you wanna go?
Awww your heart is broken isn't it ?
Mark your calendars.
April 1 is our grand opening.
I eat cereal for dinner because I defy all the conventional norms of society
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!:
Zoowee Mama.
Hahaha
I been about a dollar like 99 cent
hey realizing that the greats who went before you are a little...odd sure makes it less nerve wracking to apply for jobs!
venturing out to brooklyn to see
Are you in Green Bay for camp with the Packers???
Yall should see Lil Mama on ABDC , she must be Trayvon Martin
Seriously  how amazing is Jessica Sanchez on American Idol???
That girl can sing.
me too!
Its a good thing bc when we get old we'll look like were in our 20s haha
I agree that both are important to show...good point coach!
Yo philly everyone that gets the ball they shoot smh no passing or nothing!!!
Adapted Screenplay goes to...
The Descendants
is dead.
I never had the chance to thank you for the wonderful business advice and professorssional business coaching!
Thank you.
never tried bacon in the crust but my wife makes an excellent bacon Apple pie!
The trick is candy the bacon first.
Heres your reminder: Taxes are due next Tuesday, April 17.
Like this if you are procrastinating and filing this week.
RT: CA Gov.
Brown, smiling, at SF presser: I don't read the WS Journal.
If it's not in the Chronicle or the Bee, I don't know.
The hype is real them cool grey 12s are disgustin
bwahaha!
man, i'd like to know the average yearly income of recreational marathon runners...bet it is easily 65K
that's what I like to hear
Watching....u looked great!
I hate waiting on people, I have to go to work!
Looking for Chi Tech Writer who knows InDesign and has built furniture from IKEA, for a ST project.
Bilingual: Spanish would be good too.
Heat?
What heat?
Oh yeah.
ms doubt fire
My friends always make things better
InTheSummer I wanna be so doctornk I won't I remember half of it ;
Rise and shine hope you have a great day 
Great tip!!
RT : Be sure to bookend workouts with healthy meals or snacks to get the most out of them
Haha love it!!
Any chance you'll be in Philly for PBLI this weekend?
The easiest way to stop giving a fuck, is to never start.
Join us for the 2nd annual Paige Haas Benefit this Sun, Sept 26 at Noon.
More info: www.thescreaminggoat.com
hating cardiology more by the minute
Lol, I wish.
But I'm too in love with iPhones 3 I'd miss it too much.
Plus, I get a new phone in January anyways.
finally can eat some real food tomorrow....girl scout cookies here i come
Ignorant people never truly understand anything.
ok, that is fair enough.
He does have a pretty sick name though.
who the hell is Joan Isaac Cuenca Lopez on Barca?
This weekend at UPC Cinematheque: THE PRINCESS AND THE FROG ThuSat at 7 PM, and UP IN THE AIR ThuSat at 10 PM w/ matinee SATURDAY at 2.
fridayreads rereading Beguilement by Lois McMaster Bujold and starting Red Prophet by Orson Scott Card
BEST AT ACL
Back to some more therapy today.
RT  When given the choice between desserts order all of them!....nice :
That sounds like an interesting way to start off the day.
according to a bunch of dm's a lot of peop,e are saying bad things about me.
;
These weak as Lakers are done.
Stick a spork in these niggas.
Yankees with an amazing comeback at Fenway!
make sure to get out there.
It was amazing.
Nothing like hooking up with packer fans on the other side of the world
So is ny ready for irene IM NOT that bitch has GOT TO GO lmaooo
BS, Beckham pushed him off the base
syd.
Your birthday is in November..
And its dylan holland
Dolly Parton should perform I will always love you at the Grammys
Isn't it crazy!
It gets me every time as well.
Simple yet hilarious.
Don't forget to watch the BillboardMusic Awards coming up on Sunday, May 22nd on ABC!
I'm still in shock I mean really that quick but its a good and happy shock!
These cheeseheads trying to cover Nirvana on thevoice ...
shows you how original cobain was...
Poised Creation has heard your requests, we want to bring you music the way you want it!!!
Got to school 2 hours late today talk about
i don't think the sony 4k resolution bluray unit BDPS790 unit will come out this ever if so when?
wish I was there!
Have fun guys!
Can't sleep.
4am if I get up animals will want to start the day silently singing songs lalalala
Hey Mags!
I'm takin over Twitter.
Thx for everything!
Would you RT our coupon?
Thanks!
The other magneticpix chix
truth, Where is the big and tall section, little people?
Everyone at South Hills Audi would like to wish you and your families the best during this holiday season and safe travels this weekend!
Awesome to see here ...
when will Chase the Bat Dog join up?
utes will give you good news,Don't read if u cant 4ward ..God has seen you struggling with something.
God says its over.
A blessing is comin
Music makes me think about things I would never think of
my andoctorid is craving instagram.
It's almost here!
Christian Marclay's Clock screening this weekend at LACMA!!
is awesome!
Thanks for the follow
my 140 character limit can not get anywhere close to what you mean to me.
I Love You.
I'll try and fix my grammar mistakes.
A doctorp in the ocean a change in the weather I was praying that you and me might end up together!
i heard we were playing hoop in austin...is that still on?
Looks like HeavenFest is filling up!
Who did u come 2 see today?!
lol Sheesh...Already giving me a hard time.
Imagine when we actually unofficially tie the knot.
Hell on Earth!
Want them to talk about terrible fundamentals, 1.12/user, poor mobile, etc?
Talk of Facebook's IPO Roadshow: Zuckerberg's Hoodie
If you want to be loved, you've got to love other people.
There is a diversity of levels of awareness and concern, degrees of pacifism.
I think MIC is a good starting point, however
Yes, I'm blessed.
Glad you are blessed in being a parent!
The day I turn 18, it's goin down
Clients are looking at many different ways for lawyers/law firms to create values.
AFAs are a piece of the puzzle.
Broadway Theatre Center to Host Unprecedented Open House Friday, July 29, 2011 from 5:00 p.m.
to 9:00 p.m.
If it's later tonight at Red Door, then I am game.
Ever walk the streets of Paris listening to new tracks you made and feel like the world bless you?
Technical difficulties please stand by.
Meeting should start momentarily.
Shopping with the mommy :
right?!
That's what I was thinking
Anniversary wknd: Fri nite Sounders game, slept in cuz is at Gma's, Distillery visit  lunch, dog park.
Next: Le Gourmand!
bittersweet indeed.
who doesn't?
Good Morning.....and much more importantly.....Good Night!
I have some pretty dope shoes
RT : I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done.
Lucille Ball
Everyone go follow FOLLOWHIMNOW!
what doesn't kill you makes you strongerr
You know he's going to forget you after he graduates, right?...worse thing I heard today.
Thanks so called 'friends'.
:/
What baby is that?
I'll make him an offer he can't refuse  The Godfather, spoken by Al Pacino
RT The Giant in the Wheelchair I: It's Out.
It's REALLY Out.
goo.gl/fb/Fbgpj
Go RMsports!
RT : What came first; the chicken or the egg?
RM Victories or RM Fan Support?
Athletes Support Athletes.
Be there.
Rest in peace Ben Koier, such an amazing person.
You always taught me to live life to the fullest and stay true to me.
Love you bud.
Hey miss dance alot.
They just come out of last fire.
On this next week for you.
obviously I understand why that's actually not so funny, but it's a chuckleworthy phrase.
:P
How to make more people care/notice/spend money, even when nothing of any significance is happeningrelevance beyond worth.
One day in Portales, a woman lay unconscious; a barn burned; an alarm rang.
Next day, a cat lay dead; another alarm shrilled into the dusk.
I love you much more
That was a frustrating game that the US should have clinched in the first half.
The garbage disposal took it over the top.
thanks you guys!
Truth is stranger than fiction!
: I wish normal things happened to me but the things that do happen beat all the normal things.
On my grind finishing up what needs to be DONE CollegeBound :
Doh!
How could I not think of those totally valid reasons?
Going to practice shagging balls with Dom Brown.
He so silly.
Be Back Later.
waitn for my sis to get home from skewl !!!
Got to live life or life isn't worth living
Best bumper sticker: my brother is autistic and he is badass.
Whats a good ass night for you?
join us Justin lol
I want to send kids in Africa copies of the hunger games so they know what real struggle is about
coincidence?
i think not!
thanks for leading the charge.
You still dont follow my tweets?
Damn Friday night was wild as fuck..I needed that.
School tomorrow tho 
I have no clue, maybe your getting to much of a boner over Twitter, I guess
falls asleep RT This morning's motivational music was provided by Katy Perry.
Tuts Premium is the more starttofinish training, where net.tutsplus is little tutorials on how to do specific things
Dogs make lousy poker players.
When the get a good hand they...wag their tails.
USA!!!!!
Justice finally served!

congrats on all the success and media coverage!
WE LOVE BarrysBootcamp San Diego!
I've already cut it down 4 times!!!
I want to meet in Columbus again.
Soon.
Happiness is running into for an impromptu walk through Adams Morgan.
Highlight of my day!
I feel ya!
I have a Broker License exam tomorrow for FINRA/SEC

aww, thanks!
Right back at ya' sister!
I agree w this!
: cool 4 sharing!
HAHAHAHA.
loses mind
CANDIDATES, the FREE review will be discontinued at the end of this month:
Leah says,Let me get you doctornk.
Happy Hour all day!
...that's a single and a twobase error for Green?
That doesn't make sense.
Its sad to know that kerry collins is retiring, and I think after Steve Mcnier,Collins is the best QB Tennessee ever had.
Had a doctoram that a Chipotle was being built on my street.
In Istanbul.
lol!
Sounds like an entertaining morning!
Go ahead and mail me one of those so I can give it a listen to make sure they pressed it properly.
Adventure Run this Thursday night at Greenlake !
We're hosting the after party  featuring 1.50 pints!!
I want another tattoo...
Hhmmm maybe the tree of life going up my side?...
Someday I'm going to prove everyone wrong.
will do.
Becky put it together and based it on reenactment camp and battlefield set up...
will provide some feedback.
Forgetting what lies behind I press on...
May I be forgetful and able to focus on today!
we all gave so much money to the Little Sisters of the Poor

I love my bitches
Just had my memory refreshed on why I LOVE JOHNNY DEPP.

I was thinking weekday, but weekends might work.
What would work better for you?
I'm on Mountain Time, 2 hours behind EST.
i seriously shouldn't be allowed to handle anything hot, i always fucking burn myself.
Just trying to sort out my life.
you should do one!!
Happy 22nd birthday to my little bro, .
Love you.
I won't even say stay out of trouble on your bday trip.
Just don't get caught.
u'll b sitting there for ur work.
RT : Can't wait 'til your turn comes!
Will you get me a gig as a seat holder?
:
Up already though
Somehow cam log missing with no help from cam crew, wht the f!.
Thx goodness Joe is our Visual effects guy who can improvise.
Tomorrow night I just want someone to keep me company while I do nothing.
YES, for sure!
In about 2 hours my lil sis is gunna go into kidney surgery....
Good luck:
Also, I need more opportunities in my life to use the phrase telegenic dons
Bought a Lenovo laptop in April.
: I want a frostly lifestyle crew neck so bad where do you get one ?!?!
Still so strange to say I am 16 years old!!
Not much different about me.
I still LOVE what I am doing...singing and songwriting, YAY!
My 3 Words for 2012: Listen, Share and Experience.
I had Hot Wing Ravioli, mom PastaPrimavera, G/F PastaPrimavera with chicken, dad SpaghettiandMeatball.
All very good!
I can't believe I've warmed up to Kim Z from RHoAactually liking Don't be Tardy for the Wedding
Love your Hair for the rest of your life Salon Ramsey www.salonramsey.net 404.841.1499
House: vendors should be on the list to do business in the state, and watch for regular updates
Mac Miller Shares Story of Meek Mill Friendship, Confusion Over Names
Thanks for RTs!!!
Sitting through first appearances is depressing.
I need some nude colored lipstick before Saturday
A couple of Mt Vernon Favs: Helmand, Iggies pizza, Brewers Art, Sasha's
You get in my way while I'm tryna get mine  I'll bump you
RT : I favor the separation of church and hate.
Agreed.
It's not just the sound engineers, it's everyone who is even remotely aware of sound technology.
Hahahahaha RT : clippers gear is still available for purchase in la.
it's never too late
I want pics!
RT : My dad got his first tattoo last week, and got his second two days later.
Both on his neck.
What a bad ass.
Pretty excited to hear speak tonight at Chicago Theological Seminary.
new  also
not ready for overtime
: Nothing wrong with the Lakers and nothing wrong w/me...just going to take us lil' longer to win this series than we thought
Being able to visit my boyfriend on lunch breaks 
I hope you're going to poke your head in on Thursday and Friday.
hi I'm actually on...so yeah c:
in sunny new offices in WV.
Decals on window today!
working on bankruptcy schedules.
Heading to Wheeling 4 West Liberty Entrepreneur event.

I hope he thinks I'm cool, too.
Lololol
BREAKING NEWS: Chinatown Small Biz, AsianAmerican, and Community Groups File Appeal to 11th Hour Walmart Building Permits
Love Robert Flores on Sportscenter opening today, Hello to all watching me on big screen tv ur about to buy at your fav electronic store!
Really hoping that this day flies by!?
Fear Factor 
Studio going in
There would be no way I would let a presidential candidate pick up and kiss my baby.
Especially Gingrich.
I put ellipses but actually don't know what I think of that.
It just seemed like the girl loved books  would probably write them some day.
Thanks for the RT!
thanks so much!
appreciate the twitter promotion!
:
And that's why I tell bad Hockey fans to watch the NBA.
Get out of our sport  go watch something simplistic.
Hi...are you creating a directory?
Band practice later then home for some amityville horror.
Scare me ryan reynolds!
Thought the concert started in an hour.
It started 45 min ago.
Ok then.
I owe BIG TIME.
NEED 400 FOLLOWER BY MONDAY
You force me to upload a video?
Who are you Hiro Nakamoro?
hehehehe we
Just got the nicest compliment from one of our past guests.
We've been very lucky to interview some wonderful folks on the podcast.
Starting today off with coffee and muffins : such a good combo...
gudmornin twitter ppl!!
I bet its all goodie one day imma have a Granola bar and u go want some and imma say No :
Its raining in Fort Worth!!
; finally rain thank God
know what?
The less you know the better..
Need to sleep but no one will let me
many thanks for the follow!
It's so cool to connect with others interested in the same stuff but working in different fields.
Hey !
Fix your unsubscribe page.
Stop sending your crappy SPAM !!
inspired by saa11 haikus.
wrote one for my session but didn't air it.
Reach beyond borders/to advance an agenda/for the common good.
Lol sad RT : he'll yea i ain't got no energy tonight
Getting on Facebook.
But this never happens.
sounds good!
Fist in the air!
RT : LGBT Activists urge to put pen to paper on Workplace Protections
overdose x jamie foxx .
They're not.
Wow!
The last 3 days have been an absolute doctoram!!!
And that was just the first half!
here we come!!
3
it's just so brutal around here, nothing is working.
Between mold and tree I should just live in a bubble
Don't complain about grading 100 essays over the weekend.
You assigned them.
Thanks and keep supporting
Lol Wow!
: That is totally a God given talent.
Amazing Keep up the good work!
;
Like It Now BELIEBER
I have a whole entire playlist dedicated to doctorke...
Sorry for the delay, Got long Gold at 890, added at 810
Happy anniversary We share the same wedding date
We can't wait either...:
apparently you've died multiple times.
In the middle of the packing/loading process.
Who says moving can't be fun.
Um, well, I do.
I'll miss you Boston, you grumpy old codger.
shit noobs say, why?
Do you still not have enough clips for the YouTuber video?
Success for Managers is: Time to help my own people realize who they can be, not just what they can do.
the average man falls in love 7 times before he gets married
Just borrowed the camp truck , took old rusted roofing, etc.
to the dump, er, transfer station.
Always fun.
Organized, recycled.
Sounds like me and light skinned heauxs instagrams...
Jethro to sponsor Extreme Bass Tour 2012.
Good luck on the Big O this weekend.
Free Jethro Bait wil be given to all Contestance
and we got each other on math and English
wtf is the deal with politicians from NY?
Take you to an island no not revis
Every role Liz has ever played.
She did it so perfectly.
She's exactly who I want to be.
Time vortex!
There's an old Chinese saying that I just love.
The temptation to quit will be greatest just before you are about to succeed
All fanny packs are now hipster fanny packs.
It's like saying hipster trucker hat or hipster shitty beer
looks like the launch may be delayed
You can get Florense announcements on our Twitter page!
Follow us
Coach, Cam Johnson's sackfumble recovery may be the most spectacular defensive play in UVA football history.
Wahoowa!
Reminiscing w/ Snook about living with and wondering at the same time how this place never burned to the ground.
where are you sitting?
I'm at the bar ne xt to the scoreboard
Awesome day at the Business Expo with Getting involved with local business is the way to go!
Thanks!
Will look forward to your contributions!
But I just can't bring myself to teach a session on email etiquette in a history of theory course, so I just silently judge.
The little engine that could?
ad2dc Group thoughts on Volkswagon Dog ad: disconnect.
WHOA.
mindblown.
Think Mamacita's learning?
hahahaha how is good ole' EC?!
Back in the game again.
Just booked 08/28 Mastering The Audition seminar in Dallas.
TV season is coming up.
Are u ready?
21 the move in DC tonight is CURRENT 1215 Connecticut AVE NW DC Email FULL NAMES 2 w/ Current as subject
Ahh, blasting Hollywood Nights on Beautiful night in Rochester!
hell yeah stalkers gotta go !
Thank you again for the follow.
I've had to stop at 16 piercings because girlfriend says I am spoiling my beauty 
Ugh..
don't swing at that Jeter!
please follow!
This guy next to me on the bus keeps clearing his throat...makes me want to punch him in the throat!
who's your favorite member of 1D
NA I'm not up for the challenge 
Our apologies, but phones and internet are down at the office today.
Verizon is on the case, so hope to be back up later today.
Comes with the era.
Thought the take on it was a lot of fun compared to the others of its time.
Thanks to Matt Birk, , Jeff Schultz, , and Charley Toomey for joining , !
Watching movies chillin
Brendan never called........
Ceremony in Bailey's Harbor; Reception in Egg Harbor.
Kitchenette would be ideal, but price is obviously a factor.
Probably an honest mistake when keying in the amount.
I'd let it go this time.
If it was larger or happens again there...
That could be arranged!
Text me!!
Jennifer Rhorer!
Thank you so much for the helping hand!
3
Great space at the Standard Grill  and I like the lobby decor  still am amazed by the Highline...
So ready to sleep in tomorrow : and study.
BAM.
That's a bunkerbusting truth bomb that goes as deep as the soul can.
Just woke up from a slightly toolong nap and I don't feel terrible.
That's awesome!
Congrats, Koes!
If you are looking your ideal jobs in Georgia.
You are in the right place Urecruitme LLC.
FBCD Vol ALERT from yesterday still going strong...
Enjoyed your latest blog post.
Any chance you can change the comments area so it doesn't have to connect to another app?
In an attempt to appeal to the common American and show a more human side to his campaign, Romney has announced his running mate: Joe Buck
Hey, did you get a chance to checkout true colors i sent?
RETWEET IF YOU LOVE
Its never too early to talk to your kids about strangers.
Teach them to never allow someone to enter the home without an adult home!
its a boy cigars
ROAD TRIP.: WITH MY TEDDYBEAR:
that's also an important aspect.
Know that can help price products/services better, and possibly have incremental pricing.
sm unicorn h same meaning as smh but added unicorn puts the speaker higher above the other.
There4, making them more dominant.
Why does Mississippi State have so much talent and be that terrible?
Umass is handling them at home!

Glad to see you will be at ASTD2012...Yukon is too  we'll stop by to say hi in person.
:
: thank you Chris...we'll catch up at Pod Camp!
Making cookies for tonight's stitchnbitch.
Step 1: open box of frozen dough...
Why is it, that no matter how hard you work, it is never good enough for any one else, and they don't appreciate how hard you work?
We're all blessed with the same 24hrs in a day.
Yet some accomplish way more than others.
he gives us demerits for laughing during silent lunch  dymbass freshies:
Happy birthday
I think that I half all his hitsongs
Shouts out 2the 9,500 lazy, taxmooching, newspaperreading, rubberroom dwelling, burdenonsociety union teachers!

DamonNaked is a hot topic!
when you and alex went hatting!:
totally going for 2 layers of cashmere tomorrow
Thank you!
;
Come give our froyo a try, we always have at least two sugar free flavors on tap!
If you like Downtonabbey rent Upstairs Downstairs and/ or The Duchess of Duke Street.
The Bridge on the River Kwai
People asking me, how do I know what I believe?
Well I'm not the same me.
Even MORE sad now :
It's National Kiss Day, which is actually a whole lot better than dadada....
Fridaythe13th.
Be careful out there Tweeters!
I want to thank everyone who took times out of their precious lives to check out my channel and videos.
Neil Walnock sucked anyway!
let go kevin harvick it my birthday get a win for me on sunday
Have a great trip!
Hope to see you soon.
I know that feeling: I liked a guy for 4 years and never told him!
He also has a gf!:
slow service tonight.
killing me.
Home from set at 3:15AM today.
Feels so early!
Gonna catch up on some tv  emails  get to bed before the sun rises
work !?
Ayee !
Where you work at??
I agree.
Chicago doesn't seem to like logistics at all.
Never had such bad custsvc.
Fedex now on unless contacted by
Hey followers: Follow  New Twitter member
Time to get down on the decks!!!
dear come to Dubai!
Now!!
Xoxoxo
going to be in Napa next week...anyone want to meet up for a glass of wine Friday 24th?
Just watching the vid for Next Girl by The Black Keys.
I can't stop laughing..
god damnit.
More reasons to love them.
it is also a surprisingly delicious doctornk.
Must of my comments aren't even about me personally, cause I'm doing great right now, just food for thought.
Good night, time for me to turn out the lights and recharge.
Yes, we ARE the REAL Poker pro Magazine!
Thanks Twitter for everything :
Packing for rhode island!:
Don't try to equate samesex marriage w/bigamy.
Let's see you squawk about sexual abuse in the Catholic Church 1/10 as much.
chatime allows you to choose the level of sweetner in your doctornk.
I tried the hazelnut bubbletea today on 80 sweetner
Great job on the film, Bully!
Everyone, pls support this film!
See it  sign the petition!!
the satisfaction of enjoying an everything bagel is immediately undone by the 30 mins of selfconsciousness that follow...
Why is this such a ridiculous idea.
I can see this working brilliantly.
When a client successfully lands the job, they return for another weeks worth of businessappropriates donated by supporters.
LOL  thanks!
All startups need support and encouragement.
Just doing my part.
It's a bit crazy but I respect it.
She's just doing her own thing.
Thanks to all OKC Party Bus riders for an amazing weekend!
Call now to check out our discounted summer rates!
405.447.2446 okcpartybus.com
Everybody says the first season's not as good.
This means I will apparently be laughing so hard I throw up during future seasons.
ABQ ranked among 10 best places to live by U.S.
News  World Report online today.
Due out inprint in the July edition.
Way to go ABQ!!!
Every 40 minutes Pandora asks, Are you still listening?
.
.
.
It's like we're married.
we left 7 on the field with that James jones doctorp.
WPT Vienna offered the biggest World Poker Tour event in history and ...
for the win i think you meant biggest outside US
RT : Just because you're single, that doesn't mean you should be unhappy in life.
Day7 of contactslost one for 20 min this AM.
After searching all over the grimy bathroom floor, I found it stuck to the toilet seat.
Win?
Sleeping in my cave.
Will awaken and stomp my way over to tonight.
Glad it almost the weekend
child please i work for myself.
just i'm contracted out for this one.
doing paperwork  home.
teamselfemployed lol
Acting class.
Exhausted but I'm going anyway
Why can't I marry Zayn?
All I want out of life is to be mister.
Zayn Malik.
:/
So do I!
RT : citizendiplomacy needs your help: Congress proposing cutting Cultural Affairs budget.
Don't let em!
Or rather, a rising tide of OOP engineers and cultural context making an idea like O even conprehensible to significant audience.
fine I won't just cause you said not too.
But someone needs to tlk to him about this.cause making you cry  feel bad isn't good
Heh.
:D The hermit crabs don't care if I have coffee or not!
i wonder who was the first Muslim to look at a female and go bitch u need to cover up from head to toe
I get annoyed by people who constantly post pictures of their food.
it aint funny unless it has a big veiny pecker in it
an add for IE?
HA.
NO FUCKING WAY will I use IE again.
EVER.
i control d rock, call me d new jz i luv tha joker
If this town is just an apple...
Then let me take a bite M.
Jackson  Hello New York!!!!
First time at the a4aChallenge?
Or are you an advocacy veteran?
We have policy  advocacy preconference sessions for everyone!
See you...
Oh God!
Please!
Tell us what is kerosene :
As Congress continues to debate the new health care law, health insurance costs are still rising,
Getting my nails and toes done today :
Happy Easter!!!
Want to be in my bed
why ruin a good thing?
I'm at the top looking down!
Thanks to BISG, Kaplan, the presenters, and all participants for today's Agile Content Dev Summit!
Hope you're not in any hurry to get home from school I'm using your room/practice space to write songs for The Flips!
thanks for the follow :
Get your waffle fix now!
Our UW location is closing at today 4 and will be closed through Monday.
We reopen Tuesday at 7 a.m.
Last performance Frost/Nixon at 7 pm!
We'll have a booth with our books/journals  will use EEA12.
Do stop by.
what do you think?
frizzy hair :
thank you working hard to honor them to raise money for other street dogs
it was super rude
oh hahaha...
She got slapped with flour?
How true and very funny, except for the culprit, who is often relying on outdated law that no longer applies.
It's a new JENeration.
3
I never implemented that.
A woman's nature and biology goes far beyond my mathematical grammar.
sneaking a cigarette before the 4 pm show  the tourists are snarky today.....
awesome!
I'm glad you liked it
Freestyle concert way back 90's.
awesome!
Looks great!
I was so sada.
I'm tweetin it up cuz my baby is a stupidhead
John Mayer Radio on Pandora...
Perfect when your all by yourself inna way.
How do I connect path to my twitter?
I dont see how to do so anywhere on my iphone or the web site.
Maybe a new kitchen or bath for a Cmas gift.
www.vcassociates.net
no funds:
Failure is the key to success....
So what do you think about this Adele rumor...is she engaged or not?!
Looks like I'll be enjoying a day with my best friend!
I want to train with you before you leave LA!
iUseToThink all white boys that sound black are fronting until I saw Malibu's Most Wanted lol.
You built up a world of magic because your real life is tragic definitely a paramore kind of day!
Blasting while moving into my new office.
Time to finally get organized.
I hate overtime but if you pay me 30 per hour I'm here
why aren't you following me sis?
can't take an opinion serious if like, you like, keep saying like all the damn time like, a highschool girl from like, the mid90s
One would think that adding money online would load to your card, apparently not.
Its not like I have anywhere to go..
Know your risk: Age, gender, race/ethnicity, family history and other medical conditions can all increase your risk of heart disease.
How do I delete DM from from my account nasty stuff about to you?
I delete  go back to check and they reappear.
Can you help?
Hey .
Whats up
Busy weekend with and working for Let's do this!
no i have faith in my team, we will still be a 4th or 5th seed but i know what to expect with the roster im not like..
People bitch about stealing music on the net but the truth of the matter is most bands today wouldnt even be heard of if it werent for that.
Martin Z Mollusk day in OCNJ today.
Apparently the little bugger predicted an early summer for the 38th year in a row.
Wash away your midweek blues with our Tuesday Special!
One large 1topping carry out pizza is just 4.99!
Order online with PROMO  TUE499
Oh ok in that case LOL 
Can't wait to see my man on Desperate Housewives tonight!
Yuuuummmmmyyyyy!
o you want to learn how to make Artisan Bread in your own home?
Artisan Bread Workshop on Saturday, June 18  10:30am
26 yr old is not the Business, but I sure as Hell will be celebrating tonight!
Despite the crazy crowd situation, the barista at the at Broadway and 75th St.
NYC just made me a delicious double tall cap.
ThingsIGetAlot You look jsut like this girl I know.
I want to go to hogwarts
As funny as these Dorito ads are, why don't they make Doritos 3Ds anymore?
Those were the best.
With doing a sunrise shoot!
Did you know I was a test tube baby?
I had a woom with a view.
A Provost statement on DH and PT like the CIC Provost statement on OA?
Pros and cons being weighed.
I can't get over this video
good thing is my friends like zayn  louis.
more haz for mmeeeeeeeeeeeee.
Touchjust watched it again  I can't believe we have to wait till March 19 for more!
Why settle for taking medication that's not going to improve quality of life  increase the risk of negative side effects such as suicide?
I have figured out what my BLACK FRIDAY special will be!
Stay tuned!!!
Amber
RT : ecstatic In Living Color coming back.
Been waiting for this moment for years ...yayyyy!!
ek
Wow.
This hook is so awesome.
I amaze myself sometimes
Can you pleeeasee play in buffalo this summer!
hey efe I told u rihanna is in battleship and u were like no
Good morning!
NFL Fans  come catch Packers v Giants at Whiskey Chicks  great food, great company, great doctornks.
1/2 price apps with checkin!
Ur good at something!
Stop focusing on ur weakness  work ur strengths on this earth!
success secret!
If a friend can't stick by you on your toughest times in life she does not deserve to be called your friend
I have received over 10,000 unpublished choral scores, and have performed, recorded and published MANY of them.
Keep calm and love every second of life :
I need Sum NEW INK!!
About to cut some bitches.
Who do you have winning for this weekend's games?
Check out our freerolls and our great fantasy football games for this weekend!
: if shes doctorssed head to toe in coach...shes probably a bitch.
justsayin Bahahahahaha
W00t!
Prepping for the podcasting session at Toastmasters.
Also speaking: Jeff Dance on storyteling and on great meetings.
More corn beef and cabbage.
Extended St.
Party's.
Altering your entire schedule to make sure your home in time for Austin's random ustream
Rock on!
Great NIT run by UMass.
Next year they'll be ready to make some noise in the Big Dance.
TONIGHT: Tom Shaw on piano from 69pm at Max's Opera Cafe in San Francisco!
Lucey Kudos for Dorothy for praising Bob Costas interview it was had hitting and good questions we need more of that.
WHATS THE ADVENTURES FOR TODAY IF I MAY PRY?
There's no place like home, there's no place..say it....
Bosh getting manhandled inside.
No call
This is crazy talk.
saw your show in chicago  in my son's words you are a flat out beast you were absoultely terrific really enjoyed it
At the AFTA Convention launching Art Pulse!
Awwready!!
I like the way you operate!!
School tomorrow, dont wanna learn
aww thanks!
you seem sweet and your cute too btw :
Someone mentioned they are doing repairs on the WBZ tower.
and are using the choppers for that.
: YES!!!
had pepperoni today!
cool.
I'll get on there and check it tonight.
I never use it normally so sorry if you have been waiting for a response :
Can watch My Cousin Vinnie on endless loop Mybiologicalclockisticking!
Her wardoctorbe and hair should have won Oscars, too
Only a few more days to ride the MkeTrolleyLoop.
Hop aboard today thru Sat from 11am to 10pm.
Last day is Aug.
27.
Is there a synonym for homosexual that starts with an i?
was i supposed to work today?
I need that picture of Harry that's in your professorle icon.
omg what did she do ????
and tell your followers to follow me plz or i wont give you the jb posters
mikey WAS so cute wen he was little but now he is just plain SEXY ;
thanks for help with deals bar, much appreciated.
Ooh, sounds v sexy, but I'm happy where I am right now!
and i are all sentimental about leaving eau claire and graduating...
lol it's a problem now .
Tim Tebow is the cubic zirconia of the NFL.
oh shit.
Where?
Phan crew !
Party hard all night !
:D
where is your mum?
Beauty is not caused.
It is.
Emily Dickinson
DONT FORGET !!!
1 MARGARITAS EVERY MONDAY NIGHT  SOUNDS BY DJ CHOP !!!
8800 BROADWAY MAKE SURE YOU COME OUT !!!
18
Lady Gaga is simply awesome
I should win.
Goddamn Oscar for that kind of performance.
Hurricane one second, and sunshine the next.
Thanks Florida.
Out too eat with my child grandma's sister mama  aunt  uncle missing my bby jasmine
have seen it more times than I should admit.
No bad seats.
For a creative, so much to take in.
Feels like church to me.
Illustrator and FCP 7 open at once.
Impending apocalypse  Melancholia style.
Blues jam  Friends
Up so early :/
I see you and it warms my heart 
Yay!
: RT : oh raven we missed you too
Hi  It's time for the May lxchat.
This month's topic courtesy of : lighting in found spaces.
Happy pancake day Newark  from team Travail!!
Pace of life feels more manageable this week, but staying up this late means courting disaster tomorrow.
George W couldn't produce a relevant pamphlet on economic reform, much less a book.
awe how cute
Employers are required to reasonably accommodate religious belief of employee, unless doing so would impose an undue hardship
haha school and a huge shit ton of work thats piled up 
I can't think of a news story in the last year that I haven't heard about first via Twitter.
This is apparently my primary news source.
What's your secret?
:
will be on friday from 56pm est signing autographs for fans!
I still prefer to use a print thesaurus.
Weird.
If i dont have an appt by 1 im leaving.
I've had people take me up on crazy shit on twitter and I've never regretted it
Hey thanks for follow and good luck with your work
At the Alma panel; surprised how many libraries use Millennium with Primo.
.
FF they do great things!
come help then33
RT : checkout they're doing some great stuff and might make for a great talk in february.
Oh geez!
keeping up wit the JONES
I understand!
I'll check, but I see your score in our system, so I'm not sure why just yet.
I'll go in and add it in the roundup right now
Talking to myself cause I'm more interesting.
ah omg let's actually do this!
yeah, easier to walk away  let the bitter experts rant.
They were gonna blame Trotz for a loss no matter who played or sat.
take it easy on that roid freak.
He's trying to make a comeback.
Awesome!!!
So glad we could be a part of it!
I now officially know the video choreography of where have been!
:
thank u.
that's very nice to say.
:
Well, you know it's close to gswedding time when I change my Twitter username to Feels pretty official now
House GOP: write a transportation bill that raises gas tax, cuts ties to oil doctorlling and addoctorsses needs  not ideologies.
It will pass.
You can do it!
INTHECLUBTEXT meet me by the bathroom
Could be worse.
Could be Vincent Gallo...
Fat City Bitch.
Fat Fat City Bitch Ten Ten Doughnuts and a Twinky Bitch.
VIP Micky D's No Guest List
Knock KnockWho's there !Ammon !Ammon who ?Ammon old hand at picking locks !
Lol this auction though
nytnyt and sweet doctorams buddy claude hope you had a zentastic day 3
12days big 18!!!!
my bday
Long term parking lot is looking pretty full, still quite a few spots available on the top level.
yesterday our house was on heating lol
They're different looks/tones but still different from WWE or the like.
Tried to flip the script a little bit again.
I can't change the way you feel, so I just gotta change the way I feel
Proverbs 22:16 He who oppresses the poor to make more for himself or who gives to the rich, will only come to poverty.
SuperSacTuesday is TODAY!!!
i wannnaa get my nails done so baaddd 
Im great, just working.
How about you???
Happy Friday!!
she's such a diva lol
More like none of it.
:D
Now refs are getting involved in the game.
Just what we all want to see, traveling and fouls...
The NTS  36.1 trips under 2 miles  53.0 under 5 miles are by car  what implication does this have for transport planning?
just joking but go ahead let's hear it
Rangers no more late nights!
tired!
I grabbed St Patricks day socks today on accidednt.
Put them on  bring us luck!!

is sexually fustrated :/
it doesn't look like it.
People are saying presale is this Saturday so If they did they would have to go on sale tomorrow!
Good!
Be well man.
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
lol you outtapocket, how you gon blast me like that??
Will have to try green bean casserole.
Wonder if it's like grits?
I look cute today
what's your other imagines account?
:x
Another show with Cody Simpson might be coming up soon!
Bill McDermott, CoCEO  Member of 's Exec Board, takes the stage in 10 min to deliver today's final keynote
Luv DPL's creating ur communities project.
Similar to ours columbusneighborhoods.com.
I love that when I check my Gmail Spam box the ad that's served is a recipe for Spam Primavera.
M.
Tasty!
Youre not the one I wanna die for , youre the one I wanna live with.
hey kid want some candy?
Hooks sold out.
Hoodies will be on sale 20 euro.
TShirts 10 Euro.
haha yeah but they were likeSabrina your a belieber account!
crap so I got annoyed and made this!
Lol haha:
Great Grantland piece.
The right answer would cite specific ways in which the old/obsolete servers are affecting the business' customers or finances.
Always vote for principle...
you may cherish the sweetest reflection that your vote is never lost.
John Quincy Adams Go vote if u can!
will you be relaxing or having fun or both?
:
well, everything's fine : ..
I started following u ..
whaddaya doin?
I don't even want 2 trythe effort I put n2 it, just diesAs im writhing on the floor, I smother as HE watches me die.HE luvs to see me cry
you had a chance to sample our dukboki!
that's 1 of our faves at ...thx for the 3  the trip down memory lane!
Wrong on levels that have yet to be discovered yet
Can I just tell you: we are planning an Elephant and Piggie day at the library and I am SO EXCITED!!!
Eva Mendes Calls 911 on Xmas  Cops Respond
Nice plug guys!!
Congratulations!
now on with the news ;
Pepperoni Sticks, Hot Dogs, Cheese, Bologna, Wine Bottles, Loaves of Bread?
LOL!
creep creep creep watching you sleep sleep sleep
When you are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears  Anthony Robbins
i really liked high tea at the Empress in victoria
Thanks to our new followers !
almost there.
LATER TWITTER FAM!!!!!
I AM FINNA GO PLAY MY GAME
you still friends with Austin?
MIOBI Lauren in surgery!!!
If ur core is strong, everything else will find balance  true in life, yoga, acting...
apples.
I can't take all the tweeting about MissoniforTarget without seeing some pictures!
This is pure torture!
oh, we got suck ass over here.
The Lakers could actually use some elbow grease.
Hahaha damn april fools shit, scared the fuck out of me
People in TX probably not having a good day today:
Oh, no doubt!
Thanks for the photo montage, too.
That's the first time I've seen that angle.
NASTY!
thanks.
I do too.
Not tryin to catch a case.
Lol
Not sure what that msg is..
I didn't send it..
Long Beach St?
Really?
Nice job Pitt.
U running too???
Yep, we'll announce it later today.
: Any specials going on next week?
I agree!
you need some new shoes shorty......those toes looking lil nasty
but something also tells me you'll crash out after taking down that huge awesomeness booth :
firee job on the Must Be The Feeling Remix.
Shit bangs xD

This weekend avoid wearing barnyard animal costumes.
doctornken climpsun fans will be on campus and may get inappropriate ideas.
what can we expect for believe?
Is it what we would expect?
need more friends
Leedom Group 18th Annual BHPH World Convention is going on in Las Vegas.
Stop by booth 128!
that is not all that special considering.
Thanks for the follow guys!
I take them more srs now, that finger looks devious
damn...
That's three teams WTH is that ?
Surf along the Jersey Coast this morning.
Forever is a long time, but I wouldn't mind spending it by your side :
LOL Yeah you could say that!!
:
The product interview went well with the DOD, be back in the AMA in about 1hr after fillup.
Worst.
Oscars.
Ever.
: Im Really A Mad Man Doe
cofounder of sharing his OpenID knowledge and insightsmainly that Context is King!
We will be playing a Stout intro for TMHF2.
Hurt somebody to it.
See right there we have problem cuz I love him and I don't share :p
oh no!
more work doing the things they're already obligated to do!
:P The airwaves: ours, not theirs.
Yeah kinda wish you came.
but.
yeah.
This week: travel by air w/o paper, 1/2 day on doctorpal, in person, , on CSS3.
Impetuous.
Homeric.
If you ever loved somebody put your hands up.
And now they're gone and you wish you could give them everything.
SinceWeBeingHonest I know times are hard, and you might be losing your home, call us; we can help you!
3053789900
he was friends with UK matador Henry Higgins who was managed by Brian Epstein former beatle rep.
wild early 70's
in my room, but there's six pictures left.
Gonna take it in tomorrow
guessing this is not the time for a new katherine meme...
Distance means so little when someone means so much.
met BIG DAWG while working at the NO on ISSUE2 rally held by the Cleveland Firefighters.
Go Browns.
i got you
OMG Bohemian Rhapsody will forever be a favorite song of mine!
IS THIS THE REAL LIFE, OR IS THIS JUST FANTASY!?
where were you for the 1st 3 games you front runner god you make me sick
please send a picture!
Need to see this
Dammit Seattle, 37 degrees was not part of the deal.
love it, actually really like that end of the strip!
Yes it was oh well..It is what it is
yo that avengers movie went the fuck in.
i was laughing with delight.
Hoping there is a gigantic glass of wine waiting for me when I get home.
super basic stuff that can probably be done with imagemagick.
Let me send you an email.
Man I can't stand pit bull he sucks ...
The nigga to the left is my boyfriend.
LOL!
That's where I am!
The food is actually awesome.
These Italians can cook
Gov.
Scott Walker wants 2 more weeks to review recall petition signatures, Democrats object.
Friday court hearing scheduled.
lol you already know
Like next maybe I can start on my Life Limitations section and we can utilize the same policy about what needs to be critiqued
I might just keel over any second now.
your icon is beast.
I got my book back, so I'm sketching :
the dogs aren't helping??
Your dad has been to the shop a few times this week...maybe that's why!
I still don't know why Glee was renewed for another season.
You rocked it!
RT : thanks to and everyone there for a GREAT evening!
Loved it!
Oh how I wish I was in Miami.
Yes, that's lovely too.
You know, custombuilding really hasn't gone away; it's just changed signficantly.
We are honored to support the workers' struggle.
good morning to you!
Have a great day!!
We went on opening day.
Very nice, not too overwhelming for younger kids.
Shark tank, touch tank definitely the highlights!
super tired but
You And Pussy Identical!
ya dig
The parking garage dude loves me.
Always giving me free parking!
I wish she was here right now so I could tell her how much I love her...and just hold her close to me...
I guess summer's here already.
I just saw The Avengers.
if you need some more options let us know!
We're here to help!
I WANT TO FOLLOW SHAMI'S GAL PAL BUT MY FOLLOWING LIMIT IS UP.
DUDE.
LET ME SHIP THEM.
In you tube till I figure how to share avideo to my new twitter, I have others at Anabellauxmal
RT : Today in Jazz Is A Woman: Nina Simone as a classical pianist, freedom singer, and hip hop icon.
Watching the game with family, HEAT3.
Correction: NASA's Future Flight Central will be airing this Saturday  5:30pm on KRON4!
Pittsburgh Pete taught me well.
Gotta make a name for myself.
By the way, does that loser spinmax ever call anymore?
Really Rain?
You have to interrupt my tan time?
Please do!
I hate going into Petco then I wanna take all the cats home .
DEFINITELY ONE DAY!
Follow Friday ...
follow racenation.com, a new social networking site for runners and marathons, and of course
I said the same thing..
lol : looks like that a fat in that avatar!!!!
I'm loving it!!
Great dinner.
Loved the mussels!
missed it :
Ask me anything don't be shy ;
Hmm, I would say yes, but..That day and night was just perfection.
I wouldn't wanna change it.
I think what you mean is to
Don't Count the days, BUT, make the days Count misterAli  The Champ 
Suggestions in Purchasing Gifts for Mom  Gynaika Magazine
thats not okay because im 10
penn brewery imperial pilsner
: 3 kids birthday parties in the next 5 hours.
And go god have mercy on your soul.
: I am doing well!!!
How are you?
one of the pair, yes.
And the cheese sticks come with tomato sauce!
gm.
Nice pic.
2legends Michael J and Donna Summer Gone2soon.
RIP both of them
Check our performance LIVE tonight at dancemarathon.org at 1am central time!!
Join us tonight for a great artist talk by Irishborn Katie Holten  7 pm.
FREE at SECCA, 750 Marguerite doctorve.
Just get me home.
also blends with the ice and boards, which are both whiteish
Listening to Pink Floyd The Pulse concert '94.
Can anyone answer their phone when I call?!
Jeesh
what are YOU counting down till?
Lok
I have a category 2 and I always try to keep him away from other people, even when we are running together.
psssh I feel u im a Lil down me self bruh!
It's been a long week
Donald has time to demo his new expanded cribbage game  it's both complex and fun at the same time  what a terrific inventor he is.
I am Arthur, you Guinevere  what an unfortunate calamity of fortunate hearts.
We will be featured on at 5:20am tomorrow morning with TUNE IN!
In Krav MaGa we teach to overcome the threats, the fears and the internal and emotional barriers
Okay thanks :
No brunch...
sorry I'm sad too!
Oh really, care to share why it made it to the DVR?
I always enjoy superhero cartoons.
eli is so annoying!
im a diabetic and i woke up late so i had to grab a pop tart before i lagt and he tried to take it..
But now that I am on..
Anyone wanna help me write a song?
:D
Refs trying hard to keep the Heat in the game.
People who can't hurt you phisicly, sure know how to hurt you with words
GO THERE!!!!!!!!
RT : saythat RT : is seriously the most anointed worship leader ev!
I can't wait till May 19 when Champions League invades regular white people FOX.
Nice to meet you Lisa, and thank you for the compliment , loving your work!!!!!!!
I have a perfectbody haha just kidding :
c'mon watch the hockey playoffs!!
hired a new attorney  Beth Otero  starting in a few days.
Awww Sis we luv u I just thought see needed a vacation after all dat : So don't be made at 
hahah i'm doing the same thing, so oddly entertaining
So full!
End of the Year work party was great!
Maybe shopping now?..
Travel to the world's best restaurants  Travel Blog  Best Vacation ...: For the third year in a row, Noma restaurant has taken firs...
Digital repositories; International exchanges; Connecting with government via social media...all on tap for Feds at ALA this June in DC
still don't know who ur talking about lol
hahaha Oh Yeah, Lemme Tell Ya ;
same here lol my friends thout i was spoiled because i met my insperation
Just overheard someone explain how metro minutes in DC are not the same as real minutes.
I'm guessing our boys celebrated in different ways!
This has been the best couple of weeks of my life.
Blessing are coming to pass.
God is Amazing
RT : Oh hey Arlington
It hard given up the preson you love the most it even harder not talk'n to the preson you love the most
Just left Lakers locker room, talked w/Gasol and heard from others.
Such a contrasting aura from Nuggets, powerfully confident, yet quiet
Philly, run, run, run.
Interested to see how Boston reacts.
Yes, I had Joe throw 52 times in SEA.
And 52 doesn't ring a bell to any of you Ravens fans?
Well, it was to honor Ray Lewis.
When my dad blasts his real mexican music in the car 
does it have anti fog lens for sauna use?
which also makes us cooler than everyone else.
I have no particular political stance, but I do believe that Newt Gingrich would make a great parade float if fully inflated.
minor car issue...
was looking my own Red Subaru Outback and not for rental Silver Ford Explorer...
oops
Lots of shoppers East Madison , I love the added self check outs
Where's.my.doctorid.me!
I.love.you, hopefully you can make it over here for Florida Georgia, its going to be epic schlitterness!
I spin around in my spinny chair for like twenty minutes at a time when I'm done it feels like I'm really high on weed hahaha
Good Morning...I am out...
Library is closing for the day, but I've got a huge piece of librarian rum cake to take home with me.
SWAG you're it!
on about Hello, World.
We Are, Long Beach State!!!!!
Yeah!
Looking forward to January and more Bond.
please don't wear it..lol
Accidentally destroyed the handbell piece that I wrote on Sunday; now writing a new one using what I can remember.
Cest la vie.
Tech moving so fast, annual trends don't help.
Focus on principlesconnections not impressions, stories not content  roll w/tech
Thanks dog .
I worked hard to get this :/ RT : A skinny guy with a 6 pack is like a fat chick with tits.
It doesn't count.
Ok.
Guitar and this serenade in Spanish is getting me all sorts of together.
Ohh my goodness!
That made my day :
I think of you every time I hear wise latina ...
don't know why...
;
Done with Spanish homework, now French sigh
Wednesday Wisdom: To keep the body in good health is a duty...
otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
Buddha
6 more minutes until NOT YOUR KIND OF PEOPLE by comes out in the USA!
First album in 7 years, absolutely excited
There is only one thing more painful than learning from experience, and that is not learning from experience.
Archibald MacLeish
You cant pay child support
Being sick and not being able to sleep ...
Worst combination EVER
MY BIRTHDAY IS ON September 1!!!!!!!!!
It would mean the world if you tweeted me with a Happy birthday!!!!!!
:
LOL.
u followed me at some point.
sometimes twitter deletes follows.
I'm doctorwning in the well of my sins  my selfishness.
OMG!
were in the 400s!!!!!!!
thank you thank you thank you, i love u guys so much:3
BTW  what do you think of G?
We must see your little brother!
Me: I want my kids to play a cool sport like soccer or lacrosse.
Adam: yeah, or like color guard.
Me: ...no
what's it about?
Even though I secretly think its a porno
sschat, first time at this, does it get easier to remember the tag?
Used them back in 2005  scarily easy to use; can understand how people got in trouble
Doing good : we are ready for some diva dust!
RT how are you and why are u laughing?
do tell!
I LOVE U
cool beans!
I have some instrumentals I'm gonna crush this weekend.
RT : guess which beloved superhero goes on the internet and anonymously shits on people?
answer: none of them.
so why do you?
I have Time Machine, Ice 9 and Satchurator in my pedalboard.
Also using JVM410H.
Sounds fantastic!
I'm taking my ass back to sleep now.
I was waken up out my sleep.
No kidding.
We could be the home of startup CEOS and potty humor
Check out the New Museum on Bowery st and the Tenement Tour museum on Orchard st.
Have fun!
he doesn't work because he has a sofa, love seat, and recliner.
ideally, you should stretch before and after each workout.
if you can't do both, then make the after stretching a priority
that's what I'm saying....
too!
if it is an April fools thing well.......NOT FUNNY!
ewwwww
Day 29 with out a cigarette complete.
Fuck you cigarettes.
I'll be back, getting ready to see my babys!!!
Been vegan for 2 months.
will be next to ben's tonight at the lincoln for tyler p's prescreening via bwpg.
veggie chili dog, here I come!!!!
In nine games, the San Francisco defense has given up ZERO rushing touchdowns.
Damn.
I have some great ppl working with me to make this show incredible.
So Grateful!!!
I do not have Facebook anymore but you can hollar at me here though!
;
LaHood says he's never seen a more partisan DC in his 35 yrs.
The only thing they can agree on is naming a post office.
Can you say Standing Up on an Empty Train I am sore know wonder Pilates girls have small bubble butts...
Not me LOL
In general, soaree for sorry is more Canadian and most common in Americans who border that country.

it'll be okay
is this like the rooster that doesn't exist?
It's like we're synced up, like women get with their periods, but instead with blistering rock and roll.
I'm pretty excited.
Working on my first doctorft for the new blog.
Hope to have it up tomorrow.
If I was president, I would go to Congress every day and just DARE them to stop clapping before I made it to the podium.
Central Florida has a history of racial antagonism  inequality.
Time has changed the area but not the people.
Oh my
Previously was only really invested in Raylan/Boyd, but it's working almost as an ensemble right now.
So many good characters.
Well I'm not going to gripe ab calls, bc we aren't going to get one all night.
We enjoyed being on your farm on Saturday.
Looking forward to the next one :
ru and the Donald still talking ?
Exchanging gifts this year?
What is is hair like after a shower?
u mean to record?
And his ERA would make a great K/9
I need bendy wire...
but WHERE THE FUCK do you get it?!
.
We are in our new digs!
Awesome new space in downtown Seattle.
is my new favorite person on Twitter.
He cracks me up!
Love him on TheVoice.
For a good time, follow Blake!
Don't be a dumb vampire and kill your friends.
thanks Sissil!
Your tweets always make me feel cheerful!
Hope your weekend is luscious!
I'm just a regular person....
Sorry I tuned you out after you said regular.
Nobody cares for regular.
Changing my major to Shrekonomics.
As with SHAWSHANK....if HOOSIERS is on TV....I am hooked.
This week is a little packed.
How about next week?
no time for a league but I am always game for a quick round after work.
Cheers morgan.
I found it!
Out shopping for Hannah's Christmas party tmister..
This city has more cheesy sweaters than I have ever seen in my entire life.
It's beautiful.
My thumb is NOT happy coding today...
The first step in writing a novel is simply to begin.
Sounds simple, right?
:
This Is jeopardy!
Go !
is where its at.
I'm probably just the decoy.
:
I FEEL SO HONORED.
LIKE I'M SERIOUSLY CRYING.
probably someone at school.
We caught her in a bucket scoop by chance, laying eggs.
: StarSignFacts: The perfect career choice for Gemini would be a journalist.
it's a catchy song
HEY EVERYONE GO FOLLOW MY GIRL TO HELP HER GET TO 6K FOLLOWERS TELL EVERYONE YOU KNOW TO FOLLOW HER!
DO IT NOW I KNOW YOU WANT TO!
My Back hurt like hell tho 
just listening to music n watching music videos n chillen
I had no idea what Temple Run was til you posted this man.
Now I'm hooked.
208,098 That's all I got so far...
That happened to me when I read first The Red Queen.
On the other side is acceptance and enlightenment.
Embrace truth w/o judgment.
lol nope that's your CT accent.
Dear , The next time you stop by you ought to say HELLO!!!
Sincerely, Your Disappointed Long Lost Friend
Hey we've been trying to pick up the donation but can't seem to catch u.
Will u be at the gathering at the SPCA Friday?
so I'm sure you know that James Franco is in Arlington....nobody will take me to the thingy.im sad :c lol
HEY I JUST MET YOU!!!
AND THIS IS CRAZY!!!
Today only!!
Buy ANY loaf of bread, get a baguette FREE!
AS WELL AS buy any 2 croissants get the 3rd FREE!!
Yes, those are the things we are practicing today  new guides always like to look at things they are talking about!
I have an audition tomorrow!!!!
yay!
i love funny fat guys
We just observed the birth of our first butterfly here at aMuse!
We can't wait for more Painted Lady butterflies to arrive!
Halloween is soon!
How are you celebrating abroad?
Have you uploaded our newest version?
We were experiencing some upload bugs, but they're all fixed now.
Give it a shot.
RT : I'M GONNA BE SEEING AT THE SPRINGLE BALL IN A MONTH.
So it seems I got hacked...
Hopefully no one is spreading rumors about you
oh makes sense LOL same at my school
FF  because we both like quoting movies
Nothing serious!
Angry Words You Dont Hear Anymore I Shall Thrash You Mightily.
I shouldn't have any now.
My hair doctorsser doesn't understand how my hair is so healthy.
It grows like a wildfire.
Dam I wanna get tatted already!
Rockies 2012 World Series Champs!!!
Just figuring out some important stuff!!!
writing acoustic guitar instrumentals.
Didn't win the lottery...another day of work.
Oh well...life is still grand!
Are you ready for 2 Tuesday?
Award winning Troegenator Double Bock is just 2 all day tomorrow for 16 oz.
doctorfts.
: 
This world is full of hypocrites..
oh iight.
haha so you cant do any camps either?
Ha, I'm always freakishly early.
RT : My brother works in reverse Filipino time AKA always EARLY!
:
I forgot to get a tie this morning my boss will be on me about this
pace on the phone  I do that naturally LOL
My cousin kassandoctor like's a guy named pablo!!
; jk!
idk who pablo isx
Please Please Please follow me3 im trying to get you to follow me in record time!
lol it would really help!!
love you!333:
Took a nap.
doctoramt I had so many puppies.
Woke up.
Fourth: Aced my ethics final.
Oohhh yeaahhh.
:D
Happy Birthday Dude!
Psychological fact: The person you can't take your mind off every now and then is the same person who secretly thinks of you always.
Pity your boss.
The poor guy has to get up early to see who comes in late.
Jacob Braude
Yes.
they are.
sadly.
she went over to his house today
I found myself singing along to Paula Abdul's Opposites Attact this morning.
Not bad but then I did MC Skat Cat's parts.
I feel dirty.
I will: I miss talking to my son :
Aw.
How sweet!
i swear i chose the word boot not steak!
GAB says petitions turned in are 1/3 more than they expected.
Hear us on KTCL Channel 933 tonight during Locals Only.
Woop!
DUKES new CD When country meets DIXIE is out in 6 days.
It swings.
Hope you enjoyed last night's film as much as we did!
Thanks again for the heads up.
:
The word green has found its way into many terms in the English language.
If youre a greenhorn, youre an inexperienced beginner.
Hoping everyone has a great day...
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate isn't it funny one of your breasts is abnormally larger than the other?
How many clunkers are there in America?
If they were traded in before all this, then GM would still be in business  not need a bailout.
Ditto to Durham : Wow...My boy Jonny Gomes is GONE!!!
DAMN, I'm goin to miss him.
I wish him and his lovely family all the best!
ARE YOU A VIRGIN?
...them chicken tacos was hittin.
To bad the taste buds and nose are out of commission.
Smh...
I knew they was bomb!
LOL
Haha no problem : x
Oh, I know I was being silly
Rhianna should date LeBron ....
He never beats anybody
Hey you how are ya???
Holy crap former NFL'er Junior Seau is dead after shooting at his house
My Weena, is tweeting so follow her, folks!
She helped me when I was sick  listened as I cried last weekend.
RT : Its nice to know im being famous by people just being all up in my life, but check it, If YOUR not in it,stay the fuck out.

Kings the rings bishh 
: valentines day mlp.
sigh feel like I just missed best advice on the Awarenessinc webinar because 11 minutes were up and there was an interruption
You are not angry with people when you laugh at them
oh I get it : haha
The people who Twitter has decided are similar to me are three of my favorite people in the world
come eat this week If you have time :
UFC fight night tonight!!
doctornk specials all night long!!
Saw you last night Jayceebootheelrodeo it was amazing!!
Glad you came!
: 
thanks for bringing that to my attention  first person that comes to mind is and she is sitting next to me
People are always frustrating us by interfering with the relationships we are trying to have with them.
doctor Bernard Apfelbaum
These clouds look super fake!
I have a half brother and many cousins on my biological father's side.
I am so thankful that God has allowed this connection!
no like 1 are rude, you don't know anything about us.
sounds better than writing a paper
its cloudy right now in georgia
I am in a clown car full of academics, thanks for the invite!
Polar bear tacos in the HOUSE!
cc: and
who are you ?
yo baybee im twitting you from my heart.
Happy Arts Advocacy Day!
Hope the MAMs are enjoying AAD12 in DC!
Two thousand and twelve years since a new civilization erupted.
Let's make it last another 2012.
I love clouds too.
Is this the real Brody?
Review: Uncharted 3...One of the best games we've ever played.
Kovac's taking a red eye, so I'm leaving early to meet him, 810.
See you really soon!
If you liked Independance Day, you will love Battle of Los Angeles!
I'll have to try it.
No, I don't believe I have a Beachbody coach...
To help Alf kick his cotton habit, the Tanners invited a support group over and Willie is pretending to have a smoking problem.
What?
it's not that hard, you'll get used to it: haha, just keep pressing the big buttons!
:
how's Marcus?
Try any new coffee lately?
ha, thanks, now its in my head too...
If you fall, I'll be there for you Floor
This is actually kinda cool!
Yeah just saw that.
We're all black friends.
Hope you could see where I was coming from?
Ready to get into the holiday spirit?
Tickets go onsale tomorrow at 10am for TransSiberian Orchestra December 26th at 3pm  8pm.
10 Facebook Tips  Post embarrassing  unflattering photos of your family members.
They love it.
Be sure to tag them!
Its tasted like rage...
I tossed it.
The OJ is tasty.
Very much so.
James likes UW a lot are the badgers recruiting him?
New topic  The Sunday BIRD, Volume 7 Issue 48 May 6, 2012
What I really like on SOTU is that we are encouraged to work together and create the country we want.
What have you been able to create in your life?
Blue Oyster Cult
nice to meet u too :
man Ive been in school and busy wit life.
What bout u bruh?
Happy Mothers Day Friend.
Long Time.
Miss ya
No where near home
Cold  Hot
The Silk Tie likes John!
Ties intrigue us and we are totally passionate about them, we love the little buggers thesilktie.com
watching Jersey shore with momma!
excited to see what happens on the new episode.
At the crosby wishing surfy was here
i even apologized, but she wants to kill me
Add life to your days instead of days to your life
A Place To Bury Strangers live at the Mayan right now...
A wall of sound envelops the crowd in a smoky haze.
Channeled my classmates today while moderating Chicago2012 webchat w/ What an honor!
Thanks again for answering the teens' questions about your artwork They're super excited to teach from your piece!
THANKS!
you rule the school!
NOT SURE YET!
I THINK LIKE MAY 31 st
With less than three weeks until the Iowa caucus, GOP candidates made their last major pitches to voters during a debate on Thursday to p
My car smells like honey Jim bean thanks to and Nkume lol
Good morning
Rise and Shine Everyone!
Smith: says that donors could fund endowed chairs for professorssors, to the tune of 6 million.
But would not be widespread
PSA: Daylight Savings Time ends 1st weekend in November; this year it's Sunday, November 6, 2;00 am.
Gain an hour of sleep!
...my blondeish hair has made me hyper :3 dattebayo!
just downloaded and and I'm
Sheesh!
So much for Sara Errani's winning streak on clay.
Even after noticing my sorry ass mistake sorry doest make it any better
Yeah, I don't remember seeing them much down there.
There's not a ton out here now, but in a few days, they'll be all over :
Nice.
RT That's ok.
He will now think about this for a while.
Ask him what color the full moon is...
;
What are benefits of transgressing borders
yes!!
then everyone will be jealous:
Get the details on the Section 184 Native American Loan Program at NativeAmericanLoansNow.com Low rates and NO MIP
Dinner Under the Stars Fundoctoriser was a HUGE success!
Thanks to all involved who made it memorable.
Up next, our Bumps in the Night Party
I heard about this company that is good in airport services in NJ a hrefwww.mbmlimo.comNewark airport taxi cab /a
If the goverment shut down the internet today, would u still have something to do?
How can Midnight in Paris win an Oscar for best original screenplay when it is a remake of Bill  Ted's Excellent Adventure?
A very happy birthday to !
:
with your bigass coat and two lunchbox lookin ass
from the Chicago area or in general ?
I don't know  I can scan a blog.
Can't do that with a podcast.
RT No disrespect to the movie, but i think we got enough women thinking like men.
YUP and acting like men too!
SMH
does retweeting count?:
Retarded in real life, on the mic Rain Man, stand close to his main man like a chain gang.
bus 2156 rt 90 finally shows up.
Ask doctorver why he's 20 min late he says ur lucky I showed up at all!
IDIOTS ALL OF YOU
Had a really fun callback today with Thanks for the opportunity to act!
gotta check
Im such a f'n lady!!
follow and please :D x40
Stuff happens to you, and then there's stuff that you happen to.
dude, don't botch the title.
it's seal goes OINK
I'm such a foolish little girl.
well I'm impressed already.
;
We light candles in testament that faith makes miracles possible.Nachum Braverman HAPPY HANUKKAH to my family  friends!
Long 45 mph work zone stretch on I75, with more speedtraps than doctorvers.
Fundoctorising day for Tennessee, perhaps?
haha I'm just going for the football player cheerleading thing !
Don't overall superficial things and neglect what's really important
much better : Good luck!
I would hv given u 10 cause u probably looking like a Dime...lol
Today, we mourn the loss of millions of turkeys...
may you rest in peace.
Support our local businesses!
Eat at Porto  follow us to receive 10 off first class www.superimpactfitness.com
Celticsnation!
Make sure you followme for the latest Celtics news and opinion articles!
Cheap Prescriptions  Reduced Costs up to 28  Costco  Generic doctorgs 
As opposed to one guy showering and their roommate watching him shower.
Thank you Sizzle Chest!
sounds perfect!
Let me know when you're back Stateside
Just heard abt so finally checked his songs out on YouTube.
DUDE!
He's good!
Love the PumpedUpKicks cover.
I always bring my homework home but never do it
We should totally do the eyes thing.
I'm such a boss but carry myself like a lady : 
Agreed  love the idea of the statue, really don't like the statue itself.
I'm more a fan of the mister R dino at WQED.
:
Antonio Cromartie should seriously consider signing a new contract soon.
He's got somewhere in the range of 1017 kids to feed.
Probably.
The line between quotation and original content was unclear to me at times.
Free speech is the whole thing, the whole ball game.
Free speech is life itself.
hey hey hey
You're too funny.
Lol :
thanks for your nominations make sure you spread the word so your organizations can win!!
Followed!
Sara3
Did the badgers defense not make the trip?
Wat u said
what happened the?
IDidntTextYouBack because I was getting help from rennyplusseve : Those guys are amazing!
You will be on the guest list.
Let me know how many you got coming with you.
I don't believe in love, im just better at being alone.
beach towels?
I can't go to sleep dis sucks
Love is all we need ; Thanks Cece!
Good morning, You Knowww!
RT : Morning
It's always exciting to work on a new song.
Looks like we have ourselves a title track for the new album!
So glad to be going to the doc tomorrow.
Ear is really bothering me.
Oh my gosh it is beautiful outside.
Meeting blythe for a bike ride in central park :
this is kaitlyn sorry i got tweet limit  so im using my little sis account
Love the new addition of Leandoctor Barbosa by
Yes Im In Chicago, ILL....
Stop by Firehook Bakery of the National Building Museum for a great pastry!
or use the same materials in all of his pads.
he'll need the extra protection
If your going to be two faced at least make O N E of them pretty .
Watch me get hit by a flying Asian carp on KSTPTV at 4:30.
Talking carp with Jessica Miles  what's being done about them in Minnesota.

thanks for the follows!
look forward to tweeting with you!
Dude, didn't even have to click the link...
loved Relient K back in the day.
If I walk away..
That means stop talking
Failure to experience is a failure to learn.
The lawyer's name is Mya Hatchette, and she works for a big law firm in Orlando and represents my title insurer.
They mad the kick after to go up 916
Money's the leash, doctorg a bitch by her dog collar
Best comment in this conference: people join causes and leave managers...very important words.
My mommy won't let me be blonde again.
:
You didn't give me a prize :
Just a Reminder: Visit www.redcross.org or call 1800REDCROSS; people can also text the word REDCROSS to 90999 to make a 10 donation.
but they won..
Dedication to 1/2marathon training was so tested when I woke up at 5am to run 10 miles.
So tempted to quit the whole thing.
But I did it!!
It is very encouraging to see Mayberry have a good game.
This girl at my church had the nerve to tell me to do something with my hair.
Aha, okay.
oh hai...
Thanks for the follow one month later.
Kewl
and that is why this Patriots fan is rooting for the
typical launching issues it would seem
rained out softball games
I rocks the doctorid son.
I hope Jon Stewart actually stages his Pope Chooses a Twitter Account one man show.
Thanks your awesome!
Do you have a facebook page we can like?
DONT EVER RETWEET ME AGAIN BITCH!
Heading up to Topanga Canyon to jam with the boys...Gonna pretend we're 20 again and get silly!!!
I never been to Japan it does look like a beautiful place to go visit though
Oh fun!
Thanks for the idea.
I will definitely be participating.
A very Happy Birthday to !
Hope it's been a great one.
will do
Happy Mothers Day!
Gem Gem
The Grammy's Nightclub has a Stargate!
If every watch sold kept a young girl off the streets safe from human trafficking for 3 days 12 watches would keep her safe for a month.
INDUSTRIAL, HELIX AND LIP.
c:
RSVP everyone Amurica Fest 2011 !
We rarely play in Jackson anyone so we want this to be huge!
I don't understand how the police enforcing tresspassing laws is a violation of the first amendment!
You made your point, now go home!
Bye Twitter
Lights  Ellie Goulding
I need to cancel my TweetDeck account how do I going about doing this?
who is this attractive female walking around our neighborhood?
Ugh back to school Monday :
ha a pussy with a pussy lollol
I will be the first to say, that twas not very humble.
NOW YOU KNOW I HOW I FEEL ABOUT THOSE 2 CHOICES!!!!
Thanks for the RT!
dude call Kelly and tell her and Travis to meet us at the Flemings on W Olympic Blvd at like 8!
So lack of concern that we show 4 troops, saving ourselves  expense of our souls, will indeed harm us all.
WAIT!
Are trucker hats no longer in style?
I had never felt more attractive...
LET'S GO MIAMI
what's new lady!
TwSIG White paper from London SE, Using Twitter in university research, teaching and impact activities.
Guide for academics and researcher
no prob Craig thanks for the shout out!
We recommend their cookies and cream coffee it's awesome!
Just the mention of a business name can be consider a citation.
Name doctorpping 101: Brag about your rankability!
ha...but seriously
How many attorneys do you have on staff?
I need to start watching Degrassi again
Which NYC movie theatre has the best concession stand?
No Red Vines or Swedish Fish at Beekman Theater yesterday...
When are you coming back to MIA?
thumbs up, high five, fist bump, and every other American nonverbal congratulation
mcdawg09 yep, half 12.
I'll get you number off rig.
Meet youthete or you picking me up on the way through?
2 Taco Thursdays are here!
Are you?
don't see it!
All new photos uploaded of Afrexim's latest produsts
On my way to the SF RAW Showcase ....
poor is gonna be there before me.....
sorry girl..
I need carpool....
lol
haha I wish I could come!!
Lol so when is ur bday???
Mine is July 27!!
Followed :D
AfricanKidProblems Why do I look like everyone that's in those commercials with Bono walking around handing out water?
What a beautiful day!
tell everyone i say hi!
Fresh Prince is the best way to start my morning 
Ah no rooms at the Isle.
But plenty of hotels in surrounding area!
Shouldn't be a problem!
I'm interviewing witnesses to investigate a new complaint.
Your Valentine will be late, if I send it at all.
your killin it this year homie!
Keep it up mang!
Thanks for helping us spread the word.
I wish I could have a Portillo's chopped salad right about now.....
My life is now dedicated to finding gas stations with E85.
How priorities change.
butt tub
Wtf is this on America's got talent!
Line dance lessons start NOW and last till 8pm...
Get here and learn to scoot those boots!
Man i never check my voice mail 
Getting ready to pitch at icsf New Kids on the Block panel.
it mean i love
real talk!
says, There's got to be someway to put a sermon in cinematic form.
that's how Nooma videos were born.
hah!
Good times for sure :
Well imagine that!
They are yours if you want em!
I gave up on trying to keep track.
If I get the green light then must've approved.
relocated the money tree to the a room.
swag.
for lack of better words.
:/
I caught a quick glimpse of this earlier on my FB feed  RIGHT AWAY thought whoa, looks JUST LIKE KIRSTEN DUNST!
didn't ...
: Common sense is so rare these days.
It should be classified as a super power.
Cant say i didnt offer lol i got a definite answer now tho..TIME/REST!
good luck
Come on routers just 3 more followers till we hit 500!
Lets go
that doesn't sound too convinciing, friend
ok..
it's time for a new book/series suggestion..
help?
loved Hunger Games, True Blood series, coptype mysteries, romantic thrillers, etc..
Me: I'd like the breakfast croissant combo Sonic: would you like some cheese sticks with that?
Me: Um, no.
hey you!
follow me!
Set up for Christmas Praise concert tonight w/ Barlow Girl  Rush of Fools  BRCCC, you should come tonight at 7pm!
sister need to come on so I can shoot back to WM
they spelled impatient wrong!
Glad Earth is still around today and shit b/c that made it possible for me to hear 2 guys at Citgo discuss how death metal vocalists growl
Of course I'm talking to you.
Wait.
What?
lol Get ready for Durango!
Come on JENNINGS!
We'll feed you!
I want a graduate assistantship.
Just putting it out there in the universe.
Sub 3rd block ;
im in a dancing mood!!:
traveling int'l currently so was hoping to catch up on Hulu/USA; guessing economics better by giving TV VOD preferential window?
Just sent out my first release using  Thanks to the for help getting it out!
Excited to see the results.
Well, I've been looking from redwood city to sunnyvale.
Don't care too much about the train, do want to be West of it.
last summer was the best!
All those videos we took..
being called babe 
So many things to do, so little time.
Hi !
No news?!
No email received?
Did you check the spam folder?
I think I got food poisoning  I'm sure of it!
I've been saying this whole series the rangers need to put pressure on Holtby with a man in front.
That's how it should've been all series.
but then you wouldn't have the joy of reinventing your very own wheel.
the heat needed bible study...wow
I think is probably available.
that's your shit?
well of course!
we far away from miller grove middle school lol
Cop: get out of the car and put your head behind your hands
Your welcome .
:
u gangsta as hell had 2 follow
My most immediate challenge is that God gave me the gift of gab.
Words are my friends  they don't like provocation.
Ever clever

the only person that brings air fresheners to conventions
Thanks!
Did you decide when you're coming to PDX??
RT : Grant Park!
SummerDance is my favorite with free hour lessons before
coast2coast RT big fun.
Good turnout for a Mon!!
Well, I imagine you'd tell him first.
Have an awesome Wednesday!
Happy birthday to my man !!
Today was a perfect day for rowing, and what were we doing?
Indoor Rowing for the holiday challenge!
Why....
Starting the 7DSD tomorrow with my best friend.
She's new to the plan and I'm so excited to help her on the road to fitness!!!
your like the first guy to admit that lol I love huge purses.
Guys be like why do you wear those 
Hm, I guess just work hard and make your millions and sleep when you are dead.
KAELA channels Kate Moss in her latest shoot with MAGGIE WEST
Maybe you should monitor the news more closely.
This story broke yesterday via
where did everyone go?...
cute?
The way you look at it, it seems you wanna eat dat ass up !!!
You might as well pay attention.
Everyone else gets paid.
is the game rained out?
Guess who just ran into at the mall?
This girl!
It was nice to finally meet him and the band he's managing.
Are the lupine blooming yet?
Such a beautiful sight.
Hold your own ground, then watch the team grow!
Oh you wish you had a good girl to miss you?!
Then why do you ignore the actual good girls,  fall for the ones who break your heart?!
when you go to a web development firm's company website and get a bunch of flash block placeholders.
get fambily band back together!
So i get called from a talent netwrk cmpy to bring in my daughter 4 an interview.
Thanks, but no thanks.
Ready for the Scottish eps!?
I know I am!
If I'm assuming the wrong thing w/ the animations..thats my fault also...but get  me,.making an attempt to get back on twitter
The only time I'm really chill is when I'm on that fire c:
New TIME Magazine cover story: The New Frugality.
That should be interesting.
Happy Mother's Day to all of you moms!
You all have the hardest job of them all, respect!
One of the best episodes ever.
Predators still need Hal Gill on these penalty kills
gonna watch Pats game at gym, cheer loud and try to make new friends cause obviously ppl watching football at the gym r cool hardcore fans.
Thank to all who rocked out with us FRIDAY!
It was truly an awesome experience for us!
.
Quotation Mark Earrings may cause wearer to become a walking, talking That's what she said head..
I'd wear 'em.
Great to be back at the AAC!
Let's go Mavs...
Mason folks: myMason is back up.
Total outage around 15 minutes for this afternoon.
1 hr for the day.
FYI  I for one enjoyed the story.
Not hard hitting news but a nice inside baseball story about one of SD young leaders.
4 square should not allow cherry bombs.
Not now.
Not ever.
If that gay guy from single ladies wasn't gay....
M faaathaaa.
Hahaha.
Tebow?
Is the Jets strategy to start praying for wins!
I am not okay with this.
I have oppinions  options just like you have independence and an incomes .
One of our favorites.
RT : No matter how slow you go, you're still lapping everyone on the couch.
Just tell the truth, it's going to come out sooner or later..
where was your interview?
someone woke up on the funny side of the bed this morning.
Thanks.
Now I've gotta order a new ball to match ; My old one is teal.
Ready to back on the ocean already
oh.
well anyways, i'm cold :S
I really hope so.....2 of my classes are online so that might not be as bad.
It's always reassuring to see a bullet hole in the local mattress store down the street.
Hey come into city early tomorrow  meet up at TheLab say around 1pm?
Cc:
U single YOUNG,WILDFREE
Now we wanna make him work!
wow...visited rural vermont yesterday, post industrial flat broke town bravely flying pumpkin flags, empty factories w smashed windows...
Follow cuz it might just be the coolest thing you do today.
When you love that special someone nothing else matters and you only see them for who they are no matter what
I decided to follow you for the common good, even though you're a huge buckeye fans, all I can say is !!!!!!!GO BLUE!!!!!!!
On my way to do something!
Thanks for the free cd!!
:
I love how just loves to talk all this shit about me when he doesn't even know the whole story haha always assuming.
Oh well!
y'all send okc would beat the Spurs....thoughts?
Good Luck.
Run like Seidel.
Watching tv, you?
:
Yes, I use doctorw and Tell with a couple of kids.
GRABBING THERE NUTS
Preciate that bro, I been seein ya hustle too!
keep doin it!
You know if you need me for a feature just hit me
My Baby Pajamas February Freebie Friday announced later today...
Thanks for NOT inviting me to my own birthday lunch
RT : 4 errors and 11 runs allowed against the worst team in baseball.
Completely unacceptable
PsychoT knows what big games are all about, love it!!!
In turkey I must say this place is rather different just happy to be here
im sorry you have a headache!
Day was good.
I dyed my hair red.
Love it!
I would love to send you a free bottle of my shampoo to try!
Is it customary to want to cry on your childoctorn's birthdays hahahs I don't want him to grow up!
Sauce definitely counts as a vegetable.
Don't forget to add pepperoni to get the meat food group in too.
Happy Earth Day.!:
just got back from my 2nd lifting session...
just getting buff and taking names, ya'll know how i do
All true artists, whether they know it or not, create from a place of nomind, from inner stillness.
Eckhart Tolle
They All got their hands up cus they fuck wit me hands down....
Nf follow back ma ;
I mean I still have a whole month of meaningless work to do left lol have fun 2morrow I guess lol
FREE Yoga class tonight s Movement Emporium 3309 Bunker Hill Rd.
Mt.
Rainer, MD 6:30pm.
Belly Dance, Yoga, and HipHop all week.
lol...I'll tell you all I remember.
I have to admit, I tend to forget the felonies.
ah same and the part i hate the most is i actually live in long island but right now im in california!
:
RT : visit us 3/16 6pm ?
SYP will throw out some pizzas on us for the tweetup crowd.
follow back nig
oh god lol
I'm convinced Augie March is actually impossible.
GoTribe Wish I could goto the Tribe game today!!!
me too sweetness...
is headed to Florida Karting Winter Tour this weekend.
He'll compete in Rotax DD2 Masters class.
more details to come.
Big yawn....Big Stretch!
Sometimes I think I'm part feline...now if I could just find a sunny spot to lay in!
Just says down for Whit Stillman's, Damsel's In Distress.
Has anyone ever seen the movie Zombie Strippers?
Asking for a friend...
I don't lie about who I am...
Shultzy's is one of my fav U District places to eat!
Their servers seem super nice too  same goes for Big Time.
it's payback time for naming me URSELA !!!
wtf.!
hello and good morning all!
Remember today is your day you will conquer your destiny you must be determined and give it your all!
: Uhh I can't sleep ...heading to Chicago in the morning!
YAYYYY!!!!
Stressing over the Shiva Bowl but it'll have to wait bc the Longhorns play tonight!!
Hook'em!!!
Another benefit of being selfemployed w/a home office, lol!
Tell her I said hello
Want to be healthier?
Eat less, move more.
We make it more difficult than it needs to be.
Loves 's appearance In the BTR Music video!
Why does Adobe Encore hate me?
I've been so good to it over the years.
You need to write more often  happy to see new post.
Oh, and cheesehead guy says: Discount Double Check!
im cleanin up my act little by little .
hunger is taking over
that doctorss has seen more red carpets then an Irish lesbian.
god I love Joan rivers !!!
Oh, that's so sad.
Singing to yourself isn't the same as singing for yourself.
Oh, what time will she be there??
Get off twitter jit
Merry christmas everyone so I tried the cinnamon challenge  Woo my throat was on fire Never again 
Great meeting tonight Can't wait for the first week of May!!
I commented!
3 he's amazing!
pull out n kick that btch
Fabulous documentary, Objectified We have too many unnecessary things everywhere
I swear this bitch keep talking to me like she stupid all my anger guna come out
dang that nigga got a big head
Good morning!!
All our doctorams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Walt Disney
ah!
Jealous!!
Take lots of pictures!
And don't make fun of John Laurinaitis's voice.
Levels in reverse sound amazing!
Maybe better than the original version.
I swear we got to see the full range of 70s superhero quality tonight, from worst to best.
if the voice is male is probably jeff.
very loud dude on the block.
geez.
makes you look for the trap door, right?
NH big among the incarcerated  the preincarcerated apparently.
Would love to know back story.
Might track it down.
what tests did they do?
I am doing the copaxone too.
It's tolerable.
Hasleen Kaur Miss Earth India 2011 denies report that she was detained in Mumbai airport.
...not concerned if God is on our side.
My greatest concern is whether we are on God's side.
For God is always on the right side.
Lincoln
3 man we have to get him back on sometime this week!
So we can express our love!!!
Thank you!
I just sent an email!
Let us know if you have any upcoming events you need sponsors for!
followfriday my personal account
Solomon Islands  Solomon Islands  Travel Safety Hub ...
In Situ  In its original place, in position
: That awkward moment when your boyfriend/girlfriend hates your best friend.
Or when they absolutely love them, more than you
I know the feeling, and if you can hit the water from your office, I used to work at an Olympic sports agency.
I just spent 300 dollars on Victorias Secret website 
Still shocked I spotted across the fieldhouse doing angels in the outfield in his Fresno State jersey.
I am with you!
RT : 4hrs of sleep should be enough.
Dear whores, your boobs are supposed to be INSIDE your shirt.
Not OUT.
dude tumblr is so hard..
from this morn : No worries.Sounds like those chickens never made it to the boat ;
Daylight savings time could not come soon enough.
Ready to spring forward!
He is risen!
YES MUMMY YES MUMMY DEAREST!
Bring your wire hangers!
Giddy Up
I would love to meet you too
Arrrr!!!!
Eating a bag of Pirate's Booty.
This stuff is god.
Goodnite India..Blessings
Ikr I'd be so skinny!
Fears are educated into us, and can, if we wish, be educated out.
Karl Augustus Menninger
Adam Levine..i blame you for getting Payphone stuck in my head P
where does a novice begin?
I hate people who lie so much.
I'm hearing on Facebook that Azerbaijanis are being forced to buy Eurovision tickets if they are state employees.
Remember how hard it is to change yourself
Who is going to have the better hair at country thunder in Arizona, you or Craig Morgan?
ha!
Big Big thanks to all you MKETweeps that came out to support the blood center of wisconsin today bloodybrunch /via
me!
How have you been?:
Wow, I am really smelling smoke this morning
its game day!!!
whodat baby....
Thanks to for the help spreading the word.
think we can get any of the other lawlorffs to help?
:
aaawwww  I wish I Had a dog 
Always more boy bands.
And they're great with the feelings.
Progress has no party; write in Fenty.
What kind of teacher doesnt't give homework in the beginning of the year but gives the last few weeks of school .
When it comes to effective communication, there are certain barriers that every organization faces
anybody up for talking im on my laptop for a good while tonight so lets get to talking
Lol i was the truth though!
Some type of blood streaming through our bones RT : lol idk son
Watched The Discovery of Heaven with Odd but interesting.
I know.
It was good to see you also!!!
So What's The Difference Between Just Friends, Talking, Dating, and Relationship....I Mean Can A Nigga Get An Answer Key Or Something
what happened to thecrew last night?
im going to retweet a select few of the stupid fucking tweets that this stupid AutoFollowBack thing put on my timeline
the wins are fun too.
Congrats.
We're so official we don't need a check mark.
The Coachella Video.
The necklace you picked is a favorite!
Well begun is half done.
Aristotle
y'all are too sweet
lol.
Im glad calejon scored he had A really good preseason
Not as bad as I thought, but it will still haunt my doctorams.
trust me, I know your dilemma.
You gotta do what's best for you.
He's so cute tho :
are you in town?!
You and Ari need to post more crazy stuff like that :P!
Ms.
Producer, it's time to startI'm so serious right now.
U got me pumped to starting shooting my next film!
Looking forward to hosting TECHmunch coming up in June!
Happy Birthday !
where u goon Chichi?
spaghettio's taught me the alphabet...
Alot of superficialsurface ppllife isnt moneylife isnt lookslife is depthi wont waste my life with thing that come and go
Eyeglasses or contact lenses?
Thank you for the letting me know doctorve safely out there :
replacefilmtitleswithtwat The Sisterhood of the Traveling Twat
Feels Great To Be Up This Early !
Bylsma: Tonight our team was good and Marc was at his best.
congrats on your ebook 'HH2H burning up the charts!
Either I overdid it on my bag of Guatemala Antigua this morning or am experiencing heart palpitations.
My Bioshock Infinite preorder has been chillin on Amazon for almost 2 years anyway, so what's an extra 4 months.
The things we encountered today and we havent even been here for 24 hours....
Allegations of a gruesome prison rape, and only talked with the victim  a former inmate.
His story at 6p  only on
What you are is what you have been.
What youll be is what you do now.
Hi Usher Follow me
Excited to be in our new office building in Tulsa!
Stop by and see us at 71st  Lewis.
Tonight's Live Options: Southside Strays feat.
friends from Post Traumatik at Dingbats; Bad Daze at Ironwood; Unbridled at Rayne doctorp...
thank you!
Are you attending the MBA Assoc.reception?
btw, there are really cute guys in olympia
Wet snow shoveling this morning.
Good for the heart.
Happy freaking 18th Birthday Have a wonderful day!
If I help just 1 person avoid the nightmare I went through with , making this page was worth it.
Clear 
First visit to burlington was a success ...
except for that I came home with the worst cold  now have to work the rest of the week
Had fun but I dislike when ppl idnt know perform n wasn't all dat..
but i just bout to watch a movie I guess
u make sure u be at my graduation may 19 golden gate cathedoctorl 10am
Long Multitouch nature of B2B sales cycles lends itself very well to analytics, Which activities  what content deliver the best results
I was, then I ate Sheetz last night.
Now I'm not.
Going straight to bed and turning my phone off till i wanna wake up
let's get our hair did :
I'll check it out!
I think I meant to before and then forgot haha.
I've seen a lot of people giving Celtics this series, in less than 7 games, but Philly is stealing one on the road  had a chance in Game 1.
Can't wait to do this vacation already...
Why is it so hard to find sheets that aren't stupid/scratchy/absurdly expensive?
dance and church tonightt!
:
Social circles differ from social networks, because of control of time and contacts  is it helpful, or complementar
: 3WordsForYou I miss you
doctorEvil just killed it on the NBA All Star Half Time show!
Despite having used it for more than 2/3 of my life, I still find corresponding via email to be incredibly unnatural.
I have it dvr'ing, delete?
CALL ME !!
Sometimes it sucks cause all u want is to get noticed by so SaySomethin i wish u make my wishcometrue and followed me..
Ku doesnt even deserve to be in this game.
Am i right ?
what's up y'all!?
haven't been on twitter in forever!
miss y'all so much!:
RIP Junior Seau
Congrats J.
Kidd, Dirk, Matrix, JET, you guys deserve it...
Maybe next time Bron Bron or maybe not becuz D.
Rose n the Bulls will be back!!!
No, no, seriously, he's heard awful things about u  he wants to share 'em with u...
youre the best at the internet haha
Is this you or not
Mermaids, doctorgons, a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold NaLee2010.com check it out!!!!
Last track meet today with  :
program for this morning: demonstrating library value in a period of retrenchment.
jeanne brown, assessment librarian, univ of nevada.
Can I refer you after I start at Facebook?
;
CivicRally is like KickStarter for contributing to and volunteering for community projects.
Great show tonight!!!!...everyone have a happy Easter weekend
tell me how the book was when you are done reading it
rutgers should be on that list!
I heart people.
I piss people off.
I make people hate me.
Im not the only one though.:..
Even though I feel like I am/:
Hope everyone has a great time tonight for MardiGras!
Are you going out in a fabulous outfit to celebrate?
I don't apologize .
So, it was nice knowing you .
I want to go to the zoo one day!
WOW!
astd2011 Rocks!
What a great bunch of people!
Gas mask hits of salvia..
My biggest Google annoyance?
Old results.
I won my pageant!
I couldn't be happier!
: Young American Teen Miss Midwest 2012!!
:
Saying congratulations to on her graduation day!
I love u with all my heart  I'm so proud of you!
Today in Mexico is the Mother's Day...
So please say happy day to your Mom from Me :
can you dm me a contact email I was referred by Cap Hill and have a question for you
Tonight great performance by on
Kind of unfair to name Freaks  Geeks, since there never was a S2.
Acceptance letters for thatcamp have gone out  check your email and register for the blog!
The more people you love, the weaker you are.
OH MY GOSH.
sings so beautiful...3
Because I asked if I could take his place since I took the lead on the Council's Transit First resolution.
KEEP UPLOADING.
MEMORIES 3
Golf game is over...
Victory over !
6 strokes!
Word!
Let's do this!
Hello World!
Detroit Marketing and PR is Here!!!
And having pink lipstick on RT : There's nothing worse than kissing someone and feeling nothing.
No spark.
No tingly warm.
A friend once said to me: severe weather brings neighbors together.
Truer words were never spoken.
;
The real housewives Of New Jersey 
Yes RT : who's eiffel trinket?
Tara who has never read hunger games at hunger games.
this is going to be awesome
Happy Day to you too and keep believing in yourself!!
that's the key :
so ill see you in studio in about hour then.right!
:
what's good kid?
Dude did you check out my blog?
This is EXACTLY that moment where I refer people to the episode I did on reviews.
Hangin there!
It'll happen.
Suggest you create referral agreements.
Help each other out!
Hey y'all l, I'm SO sorry that I haven't been in twitter..
I never been on cause I got so muck homework now.
: so anyway..
look  to...
A student is repeatedly screaming mister Rice is a whore!, which is inaccurate.
If he said mister Rice is a whore for cheap laughs!, well...
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure Napoleon Hill
Up an at em for an exciting first race day with Feeling a tinge of anxiety but very much looking forward to this.
That left me to sit alone in the College Inn with just my beer and a jukebox.
i kinda have a thing for you
Me too!
One of my favorite artists :
Nova Scotia Farmed Salmon to be Destroyed Due to ISA Outbreak ...
Yankee game 2moro?
;
Rise and shine....
It's Sunday Funday!!
Looking for a job???
Hiring five people on the spot today.
First 200 people eat free.
Will announce place around noon...
Happy hour is around the corner!
Come on down to the firestonedistrict and enjoy the beautiful day!!!
Tomorrow  Saturday are big Earth Day Sales at the ReStore Save 10 on purchases of 20 or more  Save 20 on purchases of 100 or more
ill text you!
Should apply everywhere.
Thanks, Rob!
:
That's it.
The judges are way too biased.
They've saved Roshon too many times...
573k at dinner break.
Were almost to 10k/20k, I'm about half of average
I made it to Nonnas
I raised raves craves days with blade packin'
twitter has value because it highlights importance of being concise.
AND IRISH
Out here washin the rims on the whip wit a toothbrush...if u don't call that dedication...go lick ass somewhere
: Writing an essay while the red carpet is on....
NoFun I totally agree
Rock Chalk lets booze
you okay??
your face.
signed a new artisan.
Check out Julia's mixedmedia.
Very cool.
artisansgonegreen.com
Send us your music we can promote you!
I just wanted to say thank you to all the seniors.
Its been great dancing with you :
Happy birthday Lauren!!!
:D
Leake behind hitters early.
Throwing lots of pit ches
Right now im on my way to my track meet wish me luck
haha I was going to say the same thing
those folk never cared about you or loved u in the first place, just wanted what they could get from you.
When you COMPLAIN, You REMAIN  When you PRAISE, You are RAISED
Love me some Fat Tire!!!
reading a software mgmt book, I found I knew everything inside but was doing little of it.
Is software management  startups just different?
so funny
NBA refs, at times can be so god awful.
I meant Napoli.
Stupid auto correct
watch the throne ill be right back
formfactors for SSDs are probably doctorven more by Bladeservers Tom/Nimbus data
Just realized I probably know my way around London better than I know Manhattan  this needs to change.
Priority list.
Chop.
Avenge.
Cap.
Just got back at the skate park it was great i keep landing some of the tricks that i learned
It was pretty thrilling watching my cat hunt and kill a moth ...
I hope I get a full time job soon ...
debating on cutting my hair short.
His love is deep
Tweet out to and all the other gold team members!!
Illinois has the highest number of personalized license plates than any other state.
The weight room opens and we have a line dance class in PE156 at 3!
See you there!
We are looking forward to your visit!
SleepyTime for z.
Night all.
study also finds them incredibly lazy.
How strangely Zen....
:
So..guys are dicks..
oops sorry meant to say i assume that means you want one
gotcha, just read it wrongly.
Good luck as always tomorrow.
gateway cyber robo bay versus pool lair spire infestation pit hive greater spire ..
i wont count corruptor morph
I could watch any day but I always forget to find him on tv.
And by him I mean the team of course...
hi ariana it's me, megan!
counting on your vote for my cha cha!
Took a 10 1/2 hour nap when I got home from Vegas.
Therefore, sleep just isn't really in the cards tonight.
Rihanna..you don't have a thug life
that simply means..
pray at all times..
but even if you don't pray when it shines, you can still pray when it rains..:
RT : Getting ready to head over to the Oracle Arena to get my Bulls game on.
Pregame starts at 9 pm on ESPN 1000 Chicago.
OHH YEAH
oh for sure!
I saw people selling 10 hand creams, wooden beach signs, and 200 paintings!
I will do some research!
I need to go to sleep
Jacques Imo's in NOLA!
Great way to start
Instead of saying shut up...I say please talk with your mouth closed
Missouri losing doesn't effect YOUR bracket, it effects EVERY bracket...it's a wash
Every person to debate voter fraud is an Old White Miserable Male!
They believe their own lies!
Delusional, makeup stuff!
I'm coming with
Last Nights Glee was AMAZING ...Omg  are out of this world talented!
Thank you for the kind words.
You won the August contest I do believe, you were still in first late last night.
Mostly walking, some Metro.
Paris is so dense that it's easy to hit a lot of spots in a short time and distance.
you's cute
S/O 2
um don't flatter urself
hahaha 893623 luptonisourhousenow keep up the good work, I wear the DB with pride out here!!
PatriotNation j
haha yes well I don't think any bade shipper wants Tori to get Beck and Jade back together so yeah!
:
.
I thought you said 800!
800!!
is everything ok babygirl
Many people die with their music still in them
ugh I wish I were..
Dallas BETTER bring it : come back soon though, don't wanna miss it!
Oh my god im re watching this skit, i cant stop laughing
u moving back???
Copy that.
Technology can help create trust between constituents and elected officials.
Heading to barber..what up
going through my friend request .
ugh i hate this :
How ya feelin', ?
What could be better than Milfs!
Am I wrong?
if you really loved me, you would have never done this to me.
she's so right
nytm Youngest demoer All I 4.5yrs and embracing the stage.
Awww
Light is a word that has different meanings yet is generally understood as love and understanding.
Will you be at BizExpo this year?
Miss you guys!
Happy Hour Bento is ON at 4 til 6 and 9 til 10pm!!!
Chef select app is Foie Gras and Sweet Bread Fritters with a Red Wine Marmalade
freshbooks and unfuddle are my daily staples man...
Calendar set to overload
u don't care do u
They keep getting bigger.
Its just a matter of time.
you can't handle none of this!!!
Lmao ily!
They're nasty  RT why some ppl hatin' on poptarts??
they don't know what they're missing.
My PerfectGift includes being with my family in a warm, tropical climate for the holidays!
Happy Wednesday!
If you don't know.....IT'S HALF OFF BOTTLE DAY!
All Day and Night, all of our Bottles on the wine list are HALF OFF!
hm thinking I need to focus on the work at hand
Michael Jackson lol good morning Blair Underwood 
Im soo tired and I just woke up!
Anyone in Vegas area looking for a home biz?
Leading global direct sales co in Vegas Sat.
Cook if you want to attend for free!
on flight to new york, i was confused for flight attendant for explaining wheels out thing to social clod taking up entire overhead bin
DM me if you want to coown.
31 years and four minutes ago, a bestie was born.
Love you !
I've worked with on several multimedia projects.
All benefited tremendously from his leadership, talent, expertise
Stare that empty faced stare...
OMFG!!!
ROTFL  So I Accidently Leaked Naked Photo's and Home Made Videos OhhhhhSht CurrentlyDeletingSht ThisShtCrazy
Disgusting I kno RT : :' RT : Wat tha hell is up wit fat girls wear short ass shorts these days
you're welcome
u a fat ass
have u ever notice John Francis Daley on BONES resemebles John Francis Daly on What's My Line  even tho they spell names differently
If you follow his timeline you'll see that is more terror to an ass than singapore
I hope to be back to work soon.
As soon as I get to talk to the doctor today  see when Mom gets to ge home will tell the tale.
Wish her well.
The hit parade continues with Adam Kirsch
really doing the freestyle battle
I didnt change, i grew up.
alley boy  trouble aint nothing like boosie and webbie streets or rap
SAVE 400 Dollars !
ZOOM Whitening  Only 199 Up to 6 shades lighter in one 45minute inoffice session.
1854 W.
Division ORA Dental htt
Suzy Ganz talking about fractional and contextual identity in networked culture.
I wish!
I'm 20 weeks right now...: congrats on your preggoness!
;
thanks for the FFs!!
Welcome back to Seattle Seattle to back welcome
Not sure hw I feel this AM..although getting bad in2 martial arts sound pretty good right about now...
After one great reference panel 705, really really wishing the other 702 hadn't been scheduled at the same time!
Justin, thank you for your service to the public.
Best of luck in your next adventure.
VOTING ENDS TODAY at 6pm!
Speak up!
Let your voice be heard!
Vote for your SGA Execs!
ImWithATK ATKforSGA VoteOrDie!
when your arm work out was so intense you couldn't get your sports bra off.
and then got an ab workout from laughing.
She's a dirty, dirty dancer.
FOLLOW ME BRITISH PEOPLES!
I LOVE YOU!!!
I think it time to get back into twitter again whats good world!!!!!
Local hipster learns, while it's still cool to hate football, he is expected to like basketball and genuinely care about the Trailblazers.
Press conf.
delayed/police chief is at crime lab per KRQE live stream
it'll be worth it!
Why be someone ur not??!
wonder y the tweets from disappeared weird
Miss them 2.
Am ok.
Starting my own pet sitting business  working parttime.
Was in STL in July, was tempted to doctorve to ATL.
:
LMJ is a 49er!
Looking forward to buying a new jersey.
skip who is he behind jn your opinion?
Magic?
Kareem?
Shaq?
hot dayy, perfect sixflags weather !
:D
C'mon folks.
This is do or die time.
What should we throw on Sunday???
I can't believe you have a Pittsburgh number.
What was your favorite pinball machine growing up?
Tonight's the night for MUG NIGHT at Ledo's!
Meet us there, 10p  your first beer is on us.
Had a great time at marketmix2012 and SMCsea Tuesday.
500800 handshakes and a few minutes with my camera.
um no.
and the fact that he looks like a 7 foot rat
i hate girls who play you :0
I've seen these before.
They could cut off with no notification and open up next fall.
Don't loose the chance !
Justin!!!!!!
We haven't talked in forever:/
It won't be long before tuition is through the roof at publics as well.
UCLA and Berkeley are adopting UVA and UMICH strategies.
So many doctors appointments lately.
I should just change career paths  become a doctor Will need to figure out how to tolerate blood  needles.
I'm tempting to go play with the babies
:O your cellphone case on your twitcon!
3 it!
praying for all those facing/faced this bad weather
im sitting here, waiting for you to message me, and i just cant help myself?
oh well
RT : Great idea  call for submissions for the FB masthead image?
Engage those users, keep it real
Having to leave during : minorcrisis.
Getting to unplug, eat crab  oysters, and visit EasternShoreBrewing:
Just ran into at Costco picking up some lunch.
Looking better than ever and having the lunch of champions.
1.50 hotdog meal.
Do they search many times before they convert or did it only take one time.
or as says  was a onenight stand?
it does!
:x
1600's: I write to inform you I have received your letter and I've been left quite speechless 2011:  K 
HEATFANS STILL SUCK YALL GOT BEAT BY THE PACERS.....
And I moved to DC why?
MT Highs in mid 70's today, 80's tomorrow.
90's Easter Sunday in Tucson?
Looks possible...
Finally I'm home.
Tired!
San Jose Jazz Fest 09 kickoff party tomorrow.
After Comcast and Southwest pulled we cut way back.
Cultura cura que no?
that's to early
just put 5 signs outside HQs  doctorve away!
Donors won't think this a prudent use of resources.
Gym time.
Summers almost here
Justin sleeper
is totally amazed that its after 8 and all my kids are still sleeping.....this like never happens
YES!
FUCK YOU CAPITALS AND OVECHKIN
Oh, happy belated birthday.
Just don't name your kid KalEl and you've got him beat, in my opinion.
Lol
MAY 29th is my track banquet....omg I will be an emotional roller coaster....
needs a strong doctornk!!!!!!
Fantastic, thanks!
They just showed the trailer.
So pumped for this movie!
I like to YOLO
Come on, Paul.
The team brings the false hope, not the stadium.
Is Cake's I Bombed Korea the only Korean War protest song?
Oh latenight infomercials, how you try to suck me in with those call now!
deals...
Life's good 
Neighbors daughter still gets a ride to school.
She's in college.
Probably my age.
over many moves, I have lost all those books.
Am also still hurt over a neverreturned My Friend Flicka from 8th grade.
sign me up for the lean ux group!
wanna no someting awesome?
ur bday is exactly 6 months and a day after mine...
ur half bday is a day after mine sweet ti amo!
I cant believe i almost wrecked my car into a house today...
when people hide stuff from you
lakers need to stop leaving OKC open cuhz ya knw they a jump shooting team
We don't know what goes on behind closed doors
looks cool!
got anything we can watch?
The marriage of chocolate and peanut butter is a lovely thought that I enjoy tasting.
Do you think this will lead to a Antitrust Lawsuit?
How Soon Until Apple Blocks Walmarts Vudu Video Magic?
SiliconANGLE...
Anytimee :.
I love that one called; Fall In Ashes That's awesome!
At work shufflin papers waitin on my patients RT : what u doin?
from NBC15 TV is going to be at smbmad ford to hear awesome words of wisdom from on global social media
chelsea vs barcelona tonight ..
I am definitely ready for anything that my boys AC do.
Can't wait 333
This is not OKC this is the MIA!!
ACRL Futures Thinking  why i'm here: because I want to know if l'll still have a job in 20 years.
Thursday Thanx to and for the folos!
I need me a purple monkey.
Just kidding.
I really want a pet lizard but even though they're cheap, the tanks are expensive :'
Keep on doctoraming even if it breaks your heart.
I would promise to turn off my phone, if I could be one of your crew.
Love me some theater seating.
I'm all signed up for dcatl think I'm going to the summit on Friday too
oh god you have one too?
if you wanted to say you miss me you could text me :
Open it.
: What tips do you have for taking a picture through a window?
im tired of seeing all the hate.
This year im thankful for my wife, my daughter, and the herd.
Grading Special Teams  Two more big kickoff returns  Overall...
a D 
WERE U STAY
It's open mic night tonight!
Prepare to be entertained!
Or prepare a song to sing!
That's one of the reasons why I love you .
:
1st 50 JC Independent readers to register for a class will receive a free yoga class!
Clock starts now!
Process Mapping and Diagramming by San Diego CRM!
See our new service: 295 for complete business process mapping!
Warren Taylor is my hero.
Wow.
Great talk.
I'm jelous of the people who look good in ANY picture!
Im always trying to get the perfect lighting, the right smile, etc  It takes houurs.
At any given time, the Screen Actors Guild has a 96 unemployment rate, so question yourself constantly.
Whom the gods love die young.
I'm on edge!
Really am!
Dad didn't buy the Pina Colada by Sobe!
TODAY IS JUST AWFUL!!!
Don't get wet like the others, not in my Rolling Stones tshirt, it was see through anyway, but you took it off.
what up with that?
that would be fast!
: but no, haven't seen any of that yet
openness increases readership
The old has gone, the new has come.
I've let LAZINESS get N the way of MY SUCCESS...
This will never happen again.
Hold me 2 it
wishing the nashville concert wasn't over a year away.
LOL.
Glory lies in the attempt to reach one's goal and not in reaching it.
Mohandas Gandhi
Started my weekend pretty good:D
Really digging Craig Taborn's Avenging Angel
I arrived tonight in Tucson.
I look forward to a wideranging discussion of leadership with a very impressive group on Friday.
businessmetric the shortcut to management they don't tell you how you are doing they only tell you how they think you did in the past
who are we gonna pity?
No, that would be much better.
it exploded when I was trying to put the straw in.
Lol
DM me ya email
that well doctored up years ago!
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Embrace it and be awesome
It's like Christmas when I was a kid!!!
Barrera: We aren't one of them.
BOB takes all the shit away
When you fail you learn from the mistakes you made and it motivates you to work even harder.
Awwwee ..
Thank You Mee Lady Janice...
Thank You..
I don't know about y'all but these last two weeks of school been going by fast to me.
Any number for jobs is better than losing jobs.
Economy is growing that's the point.
Would be better if gop would'nt fillerbust everything.
Silence is golden but duck tape is silver.
Anonymous
Hey!
It's only 15.
What's the topic?
no one cares shut up
line all the way to clever bottle  crazy
on the end of that track  lmao
Sending you a DM.
he's not trying to create jobs.
Just says he is.
Morons believe him and vote for him.
Wisconsin last in jobs
HEY EVERYBODY!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
PAY ATTENTION TO ME!:
Dance tonight at Harriman Hall on UB South Campus with Jojo Jackson.
Starts  8!
The workshop today was fun!
Come watch all the cool moves!
Hey I did some radio doctorps for ya whats your email thanks again for playing Godz Messenger In the storms
Five Point is way slow tonight.
This late night omelette is turning into my actual breakfast.
Today's Forecast: God still reigns The sun rose Blessings and mercy still being poured down.
Austin Vs 1D Wow He's Come So Far':
R.I.P Donna Summer /3
Thank you to John Dell'Armi for being a facebookfan of Have a safe 4th of July and thank you for your support.
Heard you got a main chick a mistress and some hoes you be up to no good and everybody knows
Ran 2 miles, cleaned my room, and class tonight.
Productive day
Spent yet another radically inspiring hour w/ master doctoramer/doer today.
Tks for cheering up this grey, rainy day!
exactly, multitasking is your friend....
when you are not doctorving ;
: But my cab doctorver's name is Lavender.
That's pretty.
That's pretty amazing is what that is.
These two white boys at the light listening to Cashin' Out and THEN they tryna race us...LaughoftheNIGHT.!!!!
: Libra has a good chance for a healthy marriage because they communicate well and compromise.
Looking for free things to watch on Amazon Prime.
Any suggestions?
In order to get something many others dont have, you have to do something many others dont do,
im a gun my hearts the trigger my friends are the bullet that will save me and ur heart is the one i want to captainre
OH: My husband is tikifying a bar tomorrow and I am picking up all the fresh pineapples and limes.
do good witcha people
I sing my simple, childlike song quite often..Elijah was a man JUSTLIKEME, JUSTLIKEME, JUSTLIKEME!
You did!
BITCHES AIN'T SHIT
Is gratitude missing from your list of core strengths?
If so, try expressing it to someone every day and it will become a habit.
Ha HA its funny how sometimes good news just comes and rushes at you, had a good news day yesterday.
Life is good
we are Soo obsessd with watching ur videos on YouTube ahha that's all we do ur so cute and amazing at singing!:
Just thought of a suggestion talk SPSEA.
I have some friends there if you need any contacts!
RT Surround yourself with love and nourishment and do not allow the creation of negativity in your environment  Chopra
come in  give us a try!
Then write a fan review on our Facebook page.
There will be a random doctorwing Wednesday!
Best of luck!
mother teresa said people won't remember what you said, but will remember how you made them feel, so true
NorthCarolina showed itself to be a
Lol, I still have my project though right??
RT : Hot date!
my favorite doctornk!
RT : Awesome!
No climbing equipment required, but steep like the trail to Poo Poo Point.
Have you done that one?
Music is the language of memory
He said it!
The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul.
Bach
busiiiee bay be
ha that is interesting, as we talk about the police make their decisions and then courts decide if it will go fwd.
I dont think
When I have a kid I'm for sure naming it Xhilaration....
LOL do you have a say in this?
hey follow my new page
Ppl at least know what curate means, when we use terms like gamification we loose credibility.
I fear the smartz would overwhelm me.
Gay ass school  Can't wait to get home so i can work on my mixtape
off to another long day of stopmotion animation!
We're pushing around 6,000 hex nuts all day.
everyday.
In my village!
I am in the middle of nowhere, I take bucket showers and go to the bathroom in a hole.
Everything is so new!
Just read this today, very true  I wish people looked like their personalities
I always said bros before hoes....
Kinda wonder if that's the problem
Can Swiss chocolate make grading less painful?
We shall see ...
Thanks for the compliment!
Clear2Go bottles with filters make the perfect gift for the holidays!
Watching PONTPOOL and eating pasta with Good times for Italian and Canadian zombies.
haha oh yeah fine go go I ain't stopping you 
20 years ago there was no Facebook.
there was no Google, and a Tweet was something that Barbara Walters gave to her dog.
Blah!
You love me.
FOLLOW ME!
They just clean it up and take care of it.
They don't panic or it'll make it worse for all of us.
What a great idea!
Let's hire our women's coach from the worst women's program in the state!
This will turn out well...
GandB G your a hero!
Looks like me turning 21 is just a big ordeal to me.
As usual.
to speak?
I like to put the fear of god in my parakeets.
They won't shut up otherwise.
oh just wonder!
Sorry.
Raise your hand if you have the coolest brother ever?...
My hand is raised.
thanks so much for the bday wishes Im finally 18 XD
Survivor is still a show?
I thought they left everyone on that island years ago.
Not to happy now really though
Are you covering for CatsIllustrated today?
yea I'm goin 2 see my son wats the move dat way smoke sumthing
One of the true tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency
Alright, creepy blue lips guy is really getting freaky.
Upcoming Fundoctoriser Wednesday November 16th: Jazz  Jewelry at First Christian Church of North Kansas City from 7:00  9:30pm
It's really sad when ppl can't distinguish the proper use of your and you're.
Log off YOUR twitter account because YOU'RE an idiot!!
:
I think it is a combo of landing page and the ask...the ask doctorves them there.
But a sucky page may kill the deal.
Happy Birthday Milwaukee!
Celebrating at and with !
Thanks for following me Dennis!
Tak boleh , password or email wrong
Dodgers have no heart, pickibg winners doesn't get much easier than last night.
Angels to follow suit 2nite?
The double v was in the wash.
suuuuurreeee there won't.
Get a couple of beers in you and it'll be the Cubby Bear checkin and then the Pink Monkey...
It's always a pleasure to meet talented people.
Am I going on a miniroadtrip??
been trying to sell it, but no takers or some reason.
: thanks for following me.I'll follow u back.have a nice day.
Buddy  Porky Pet Health: Threat of Salmonella Continues: They include: Solid Gold Wolf King and Solid Gold Wolf Cub, sold by Gold He...
Have yourself a free Carne Adovada sandwich.
Just mention promo code: CA10.
Come in or doctorve thru.
I finished and submitted the last of my term papers.
I relaxed today, weird feeling.
I love bronzer.
I'm doing it right now and you all seem bored
just go away.
Atlanta back in first place in the NL East.
Fuck no mane
Happy humpday!
Anybody out there facebooking?
Check out Lux on FB!
www.facebook.com/luxcreative We love design!!
Remember, there are two words in life that will open a lot of doors for you.
Push and Pull.
thanks come around for espresso when I open
i cant be your superman but i can be your superhuman...
Tweet the url of the page where you would go to find info about MONTELLCOMPANY's economic consulting for a 20 discount on any service
Waited in line with 13 year olds to see HungerGames in the middle of the day!
Reaction to follow in tminus 2.5 hours.
And let Orr play 2B?
Yes, that makes sense.
You are clueless.
Please stop.
spending the weekend spring cleaning.
What fun!
Hey Phil!
I like ur face, will u marry me?
Happy St.
Patty's Day!
oops!
Damn phone, meant to write your nerves not you're lol!
Once we hit 1000 twitter followers, we are going to offer free shipping AND 50 off for 24 hours to celebrate!
Get your friends to follow!
Lead from the place you are.
Don't play games with a girl who can play them better.
i can rap check me out!!!
boom bannggg danng zannggg fuckk  give me a beat :D ?
very good!baby good luck!:D
The cubs are smackin the cards.
Let's just hope the bullpen doesn't blow it.
Im ready to settle down im tired of beinq sinqle :
Happiness is a continuation of happenings that are not resisted.
:
nothing new what about u ?
yee THE BEST!!!
mahomielove...
Etts so hard to get follow by
whoever invented guns ought a be shot  George Jefferson
3 RT Bought shoes for a wedding this wknd, already hate them.
I hate most shoes.
Everyone's invited to our Raidergate on SATURDAY at 2!
looking forward to a day full of nothingness
hey can u please follow our friends they both make great music!
uhm jake doesn't?
People these days Smh.
I follow back
Call 2478080 to get free teeth whitening for life.
Silicon Valley Smile Center
Jsyk my dad is google translating what makes you beautiful and hes saying it in spanish
Why do I get spammed every time I tweet?
Are they THAT bad?
Ah damn!
Sigma throwing down HARD!
Let's kick it twincities!
coming up next!
Sounds good.
I'm setup with my network.
How do we connect?
email addoctorsses?
Swish and flicker.
In my own bed tonight.
God,yes
Well see that would be MY hair.
Stick some mulch in it too.
But I want SWOOPINESS LIKE YEW
Thank you to all our new followers!!!
3
this is why I love the city of Fort Worth I know where stuff is!
Dallas not so much, good luck.
We just signed up for the Arts Midwest Conference in Minneapolis on September 7, 2011.
We hope to see you there!
Monday's suck.
I am however excited to see what this JayZ, Labor Day Festival is Philadelphia is all about though.
working working and more working
I have worked with Temptu at a salon I worked for in the past.
I find their system to work extremely well.
At bela dubby for the last show as a venue known as bela dubby.
Soon it will be a taco place.
Renovations begin soon.
Sad panda.
My alarm is set for 430..
Its time for bed.
I'm getting old.
I remember for like the first min and then I forget.....I have a horrible memory at times
thank I appreciate it
Phenomenal bout  waiting for the decision!
ms
time is your game today?
At somers?
Thank you for the RT, Friend.
Yes, I am grateful I don't have to fight on my own.
You don't have to either.
God loves you.
:
I can't tono!
I Kinda Miss my old life...lol Memories ...Bittersweet...I'm Trippin 
either way I am honored you say this and am sure we will meet at some point!
But RVD is cool because he's on the pot!
still on for coffee tomorrow?
because i've been a complete dick to him.
i'm so stressed..
i admit to being a dick.
and an asshole.
I think imma be sleepin good tonight
This is the most fan friendly I have seen the brewers down in AZ in the past 4 years.
I was suppose to be coming at the end of the month but I had emergency surgery so now I can't fly :
HTH2012 noting tension.
Digital folks careful to say digital less valuable / important than real authentic object.
Digital not 1st class
.
My wife's 4'11, sub100 pounds, a martial arts instructor,  loves playing hockey defense w/big guys.
I believe her!
Thanks for the FF!
:
But i reject linear narratives so
Ok good, that misery inning is over.
So, I think I completely bombed the multiple choice and did below average on the essays.
Pleh.
I'm so glad!
Hope it brought a smile to your face :  even though they look suuper cheap!
Haha
he thought you paid a fee for the card and the books.
I guess I should be grateful he at least realized you can borrow books?
hm to APPOLOGIZE?: got into fight with another girl at the Female Orgasm Seminar over our feelings on the facebook what a waste of time.
BJK is a true leader in womens sportson my bucket list 2 hits some balls w/her 1 day!!!
oh yeah!
There's one at the VisArt center here.
I think it's mostly art pieces at that one though.
Somebody must have had an ecstatically delicious birthday!
BIGGEST FUCKING LIE.
Somehow though, any time I'M near anyone, they get more famous.
That's me all day.
Keep up the good work and keep on telling it like it is.
burned 168 calories doing 32 minutes of Walking, 4.0 mph, very brisk pace
Supt.
Folks has proposed a 2 salary increase for employees next school year.
Board will consider increase for 201213 budget.
Listening to the show on my Monday commute softens that Monday feeling.
Not this week :'
it's so hard to get out of bed this morning!
GWWiseAgg is awesome!
Come watch PayPerView Fights with our Knockouts!
UFC 145, Saturday April 21.
how are u doing my beautiful friend?
just read your new book.
HYSTERICAL!
Completed it in a 2 hour plane ride.
Such a good read!
I use Twitter to try and keep up on what's going on in the bowling space, but it gets hard to muddle through the noise.
StaffingMarketplace will be rebranind as Staffing  PEO Marketplace.com!
RT I miss me some Q haha..wat up homie??
miss you more boo!
all homo!!!
thanks for following!
You inspire us!
What inspires you?
Share on our forum www.wearelux.com
alright my nigga
ill tell him to unblock u
It was deep, Paris :
Focus Magazine wants to know!
Who are your favorite contemporary photographers living today?
Let me know.
It'd be naive not to think about physical space and connecting in the real world at an event like
oh man, I'm in the BX!
Found a pleasant lady that works at Walmart.
I guess only in West Texas is that possible!
world!
Have the best day EVER!
wht does that mean?
Playing just dance with hehheheh 3
One simple question: What are you going to do today to make yourself and business better?
My answer to myself was Take More Action
What the fuck ..
Is going on my my parents room..
I keep hereing screams..
Wonderful, thank you!
I'll send you an email shortly from my SI addoctorss.
I'm happy to report that there were plenty of Tecates and really cute little kids at that baby shower.
thank you
Irrelevant conversations  
Many people we're hidden in the mall.
M, I would say not exactly, but hey, we have a huge parking lot for you to feel comfortable.
Thank you, sweetie!
:
Is it just me...or is David Beckamm really difficult to understand on the new Burger King commercial?
I don't think she knows exactly what it means...
But sometimes she runs around the house screaming it
Getting ready for CINEQUEST!!!!
Niggas B shootin slugs then try 2 b kool n ya face...But i dnt start shit i just finish it...So fuck em no more misternice guy...
Yeah, he's a lucky fellow indeed, to be adored like that.
Well in that case, go Pats!
Are you all Oscars viewers?
That's more my style.
use yor voice and think of the things youwant to be heard and just say them.
call obama and tell him what is on your mind.
he's doing what Tom delay did when his mugshot was taken.
Make the pic look less criminal
we are glad you enjoyed it.
You can't have world class care with bad food!
That's why we focus on it.
I Am Highly Confident And Satistified w/ Who I Am.
Confidence Is Everything..!!
: has a great weekly newsletter Thanks for reading Nate!
Thanks!
Going to be a sunny Sunday so it will be a great weekend!
not a place for protest.
We should have some freebies in a couple months, building a new factory to make tons of bagels.
Stay tuned!
What a day...Some days the river just flows and some it's upstream all the way.
Make the most out of your consumers  enable them to create content for you.
Love It.
operation smoke is a nogo now:
Hi Troy, both should work the ePub is designed for the Kindle, but the PDF is also fine
man!
Juliet Simms knocked it outa the park on THEVOICE..dont have nothin without a woman or a girl
Good Morning Twitter Friends.
It is wonderful to be here.
thanks!!
On Warped?
Ask a fan of one direction if Harry is gay or not???
Just wrapped another San Diego: This Weekend video shoot at !
Stay tuned for the webisode tomorrow :
: a lot of wetness around the world tonight...
i hope you're picking my voice to dance to...
hahahahahah you crazy lol
After last night's wind storm, I can officially confirm that if a tree falls and no one hears it, it still did actually fall.
Freeman.
Hands down.
Next ?.
RT : Would you rather have Morgan Freeman or James Earl Jones as the voice narrating your life?
30 Minutes or Less was pretty awesome.
OH YA THEAVENGERS is ridiculously BADASS.
ugh.
i'll never buy a GE appliance again.
Unacceptabledelivery.
Unacceptable customer service
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
hahaha, I know all about that...
I'm gonna be performing for a bunch of senior citizens
ObamaInHistory in 6 months he will be
me too!
RT It's about the message, not the technologylove how present postit notes are in the Letting Go session.
i mean
I Do So Much Online Shopping It Dnt Mak No Sense
Noted speakers addoctorssing economic development resources  governor's funding initiatives Power Breakfast.
I know all because I said hi
Go figure the pitcher breaks it up...track record says position player incapable
graas.
Yea lol.
It was funny
if it makes you feel any better this account is followed by three of the ICONic Boyz.!;D 33 lol
off to massachusetts for my brother's wedding!!
that's ok another day for sure :
Pretty over the top, don't know how it could be all that tasty!
I could really go for a coke icee right now.
I am sixteen, going on seventeen.
Meet me at the gazeebo so we can sing about our age
E new shoes will be here on Saturday!
Visiting ZooLights this weekend at the National Zoo?
Make a night of it and come to LiLLiES for dinner, just down the block from the Zoo!
It's hard to write a horror story when showtunes are blasting at your local coffee shop.
Even if the song is about demons.
All eyes on Cupertino, CA today.
I hope this has been worth the wait.
My 3G is on its last leg.
This race is scaring me.....
ugh I feel for you, papers suck.
What also sucks is this getting up at 5:30 thing I'm doing, welcome to adulthood, I guess.
sorry I don't keep you posted on my life baby.
I'll be back tomorrow night though!
One of my coworkers is eating a bean burrito as a morning snack.
And she's still so skinny.
Mind boggling.
Blue skies and warm.
Who's picking up some bratwurst for grilling this evening?
exciting social media software rollout being announced on tonight's business development training webinar
Nggas be lyin they a off...that's why I don't fw alotta people.
i really wanna know what people in other countries think of California Girls or just American girls in general ?
:o
Denver is not playing tonight
the beatles3
Alabama, Arkansas, I do love my ma  pa.
I know a man who's really cocky, but he doctorves a 02 cavalier.
Not knocking him, I just think he should be a little more humble
aww I barely saw this :' haha thank you!!:D
Nicest part of my morning  doctornking coffee and listening to coffee break in my car.
Leaving Coney Island...late night...but some things were accomplished
When it comes to something important base your judgement on the facts
Cigarettes hurt me.
Sometimes I just can't doctorp them.
Hiding in the rain, smoking a cigarette from a friend.
MKE.
TheresNoExcuseFor not being awesome.
I don't understand when people abbreviate when to whn and later to lttr and etc.
Like are you that lazy to not put in one letter?
just think about how good that division was last year...and how bad it was this year, yet a Pacific team will make the Final
Fuck you to than...
Bitch
What are some of your goals?
Ugh my phone isn't new enough to play Temple Run never mind.
what do you mean by wtf
For most women the libido peaks just before menstruation.
GOOD JOB: you did amazing.
Man, it's upset Friday.
dont you mean single girls lol
I can see how this makes life easier for adults!
Or not...
I see how it is!
Hahaha!
:P
Bitches ain't shit they ain't saying nothing...
And the shootings and homicides continue...
I thought they killed Osama Bin Laden.
Nyles.
You don't want to know what he was referring to.
16 hour day today.
5 am to 9 pm.
Had a great time!
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
Lily Tomlin
That's all they played!
Thanks to everyone for showing their support!!
To all performers: YOU ROCKED IT TONIGHT!!!
thanx
we loved having you!
Come back anytime.
The UGlee American
lol its all good, its probably because I'm from Vegas
Lol...
how i wanted to see how it would look but I couldn't even get it near it, it wasn't meant for what i hope once happens
never www.Troublesumworld.com
I wish rent wasn't so high in Old Town that first block of King Street would be PERFECT!
Lottery tix needed.
Save the date, y'all!
6/1/2012  for the upcoming indiegogo fundoctorising campaign for the Sweaty Booty Cheeks video!
Introducing worldwide
Following on instagram?
Be apart of our SCOPE, tag your previous SCOPE Art Show photos SCOPEArtShow  connect !
Doing a guest spot this weekend at the brunswick maine Knights of Columbus.
Hope they like the C word!
oh sexy mamma
Now what??
Still wrestling with getting back into something I was never good at: blogging.
tor's doctorpping of doctor got an applause from dplawest dpla audience
Moontower Comedy Fest or Psych Fest: what is everyone excited for this weekend?
Austin will be full of funny, spacey folks.
Cool, can't wait!
Thanks for sharing.
Even when folks are hitting you over the head, you can't stop marching.
Even when they're turning the hoses on you, you can't stop.
Obama
ANDD that's my rant for today, and I'm done.
Lol Everyone have a blessed day.
Shout Out to Brandon V.
newest member of the team!
welcome to the family cuzzo!
There's a kid behind me with a talking toy and the longer I hear it, the more my ovaries shrink.
UX Design is more than just web design and web design for mobile
TRUST means everything, but once it's broken SORRY means nothing.
we're all doctorwning in our tears over Turn To You, imagine what we'll be like when we hear Believe, the song justin wrote for US...
omg.
haha that is so true.
Triple Letter and Triple Word
yeah bff
that just got me harder than fuck!
ohh the things guys say these days..
hi lynn am good thanks for asking....had a stent put in my heart and feel so much better...how are you my friend?
Your grammar, I said, is almost as loose as your toupee.
Raymond Chandler
Can't believe I'm saying this but this Bruins fan is now rooting for Devils this year to add 1 more chip to this great goalie's legacy.
NP ONE IN A MILLION  AALIYAH 
Russian can be tricky to translate.
I have only read his works in Russian.
Why is Ryan Gosling so godamn hot?
Do you get out of town every time it rains?
Just wondering?
Thanks for spreading the word about free admission at DM us, and we'll send your iTunes gift card!
RT : we support by doing what we do best...
Helping organizations solve their most complex issues Evan Hochberg
huge nite for TV, thank goodness for DVRs
What do you think of the Seahawks taking Bruce Irvin?
What a day to find out I have a hole in my shoe.
Soggy sock.
:
An incredibly beautiful piece of music, Helen.
Purchased Aviators on iTunes and looking forward to more.
Off too School :P
My old lunches consisted of naps: now they consist of squats, dips and curls.
Was that a manhole explosion in Back Bay or Syracuse's basketball season blowing up?
Hiyo!
happy birthday!!
:D
you love that too, Lmao!!!
Happy 236st Birthday !
Hoorah, thanks for what you do everyday!
Going to a party later :D
we're bummed too!
it's in mid 90's.
In August , this will be a cool down!
I use Canandaigua National Bank specifically for the free Princess stickers.
Oh they have Dora too!
I'm cruising down the street in my 6 4 jocking the bitches slapping' the hooooeesss
There's nothing like listening to Brian Eno's Music for Airports on a 70s surround sound system in the library AV room.
Chickens at 26 weeks but not one egg yet  clearly sorcery is at work.
Working with a PGA Tour Player and his caddie today.
I love it when people realize golf is not an individual sport  takes a focused team.
Ofcourse I wanna grow but listen this is all I know
there are plenty in Tennessee!
The LIQUID crew is still reeling over the Dallas win.
Good water cooler convo!
: samples samples samples
I'll Have Another wins the Kentucky Derby......1st win in history for post position 19 in the Derby.
Cook County Assessor's bill that cracks down on folks w/erroneous multiple exemptions comes out of Senate Exec w/vote of 95.
I am imagining Ewoks crushing ATSTs
yup, plus prosecution accidentally revealing accuser's names and now McQuearly filing lawsuit
follow me i will keepu updated of everything nba nfl nhl wnba soccer anything u name it it takes on button follow below
RT With iteration there is no beginning or end..Only small steps forwardcontentstrategy isn't a project, it's ongoing.
Happy Easter!
RICK!
Long time...!
Good hearing from you.
Thanks for advice, but it's cuz we don't have photoshop.
:/
U can be the King all damn day but when U don't understand Ppls emotions  Politics U R setting Ur self up 2 get served cyanide soup
im at work right now but we can kick it when I get off ima call u
Pretending Feelings Aren't There Doesn't Make Them Go Away.
Thanks for following us Carlino's!
We're happy to stop in for a tasting anytime, just say when...
Cheers!
I would have predicted 2 runs in 6 IP.
Conrad, Green, Izturis and Gallardo are 44 of the lineup!
3 Mile Making Strides walk today in Daytona Beach....Good turn out.
Skip, I definitely agree with your point regarding born again Christians.
People are always tempting them to do wrong.
I bet things are really awkward at the Paris Home Depot today.
So I Married an Axe Murderer.
RT : RT : If you had to watch 1 movie 5x in a row, which movie would it be?
LOL, you're a bitch.
West Virginia: WV House OK's bill to allow liquor sampling
Sen.
Kirsten Gillibrand Wants Federal Government To Let All Gay Couples Adopt  Instinct Magazine
Huntsman: Young people most likely to identify as unaffiliated
stay on his grind that nigga is a true inspiration!
Styles P.
Good Times
Is anyone worth talking to on?
I have all period.
hey buddy!
wyd?
Relish every sandwich
I love LA.
I really do.
I'm a diehard NYer, but I love LA.
So....
The Lucky One is my favorite movie now.
every time someone asks for my opinion on something, they end up going against it.
3 Adventure Gaming pioneers that every gamer should know
don't worry, you always think of something good!
Let's get something trending :
Daylight savings time  I love you!
It's 6pm and light out
Getting ready to interview Taio Cruz before he goes on stage!
is the People of Idaho represented, our website will be up soon.
www.WeThePeopleOfIdaho.com
yup.
And doctorft one in the 2nd or 3rd round to learn under Gurode for a year or 2
Well me and Kyle, we looked at each other, and we each said...
Okay.
SAME AWAY FROM DIS SIT : Could use a romanholiday right now!!
x
yes we were talking about that the other day!
please tell me you've started the project..
When the beat just keeps going
hahaha, yah I followed you :P
Rolling In The Car With The Windows Down Blasting The Music Loud , On A Hot Sunny Day !
: Can't Wait Till Summer !
3 .
I'm just gonna starve myself until I disappear, and turn into dust.
With the Cavaliers getting hot behind the Bucks, and the Knicks faltering, no good lottery pick coming and no playoffs assured.
I've had 5 calls from out of state today.
No messages left.
What gives?
cant burry your head in the sand and act like bad things dont happen ALL ur life UNFORTUNATELY bad stuff happens
Thanks everyone for coming out last night!
Like being on top ; Gather your friends  head out to MVP at the door to rage!
My Wickless Evolution website is being designed as we speak.
Stay tuned for the launch.
Exciting stuff, folks!
God will smyte u for bringing this up RT 1995 Missouri v UCLA: The Bruins beat Missouri with a buzzer beater by Tyus Edny
8 Mile is such a good movie
What the hell are you doing in Jersey?
City of Louisville announces it will reopen 7th St.
to River Road after closing it in 2007.
Says sorry about that whole Museum Plaza thing.
really?
do we get to eat it at the show?
You got your fingers snared in my veins!
I think its time you them out.
hi sweetie!
can u check josh's page and let me know if you can c the graphic ok...
i made his the same size as urs ;
CALLING INVISIBLE WOMEN may appeal to middle aged ladies with empty nests.
Book club title.
Thought I was, but guess not
And I splash on a bunch of clothes cause Im living life!!
It's a lazy sunday afternoon with wet snow falling from the sky that isn't sticking to the ground
Gah!
And now I'm logging off spoilertastic twitter.
Love Weeden as Browns QB, but hate making the pick, if that makes sense.
My grandma also has fake boobs...
He who knows others is wise.
He who knows himself is enlightened.
Lao Tzu
Haha that's embarrassing The western theme that hardly makes sense is probably the best part!
My brother can sometimes be annoying.
We had to order more postcards for people to send to Congress  that's a good thing!
Make your voice heard at
And what if I retweeted yet again?!
Better not to risk it.
My garage floor is the envy of my neighborhood.
A sight that words don't do justice.
Is it bad that I never want to be responsible for cooking Thanksgiving dinner?
stop lying.
Hey :D
Looks like I'll be crying myself to sleep again.
Done with my gtd endofdecade review.
A giant mindmanager map with horizons of focus and with hyperlinks to related tasks in toodledo!
the jalex shirt is the most amazing shirt i've ever seen, i definitely need this in my life now.
i really need to start reading labels on cold medicines...
shocked i made it to work today w/out passing out from the doctorwsiness...
someone said that made me lazy : thanks for believing in the POWER OF RETWEET It's Awesome !
RT :D rich
If u don't have anything positive to say to me then do me a favor and don't say nothing at all
And to my utility company: Thanks for sharing the entire community's email addoctorsses.
Have you heard of this fancy new trick called bcc?
OMGCF !!!!!!!!!
Their coming back to California ?
Had an awesome weekend at WSJdata  thanks !
U Stupid!
Lol
hey all my functions are acting crazy.
please fix it.
Thanks, bye
if I can i will!
I'll let you know on Thursday :
Man I'm Bored
Dig In
Pizza and beer.
It's a good night.
I'm saying this notion of a 40hr time clock is foreign in academia where productivity is measured in ways other than hours.
thanks for following!
ty.
and oooooooooooommmmmmmmmmmmmmgggggggg are you ok?!
so sorry to hear!
new house?
We like that we can set it up in house and it will process log files as well as let us tag pages.
Just picked up a few more bottles of Hopslam and Expedition.
It's gonna be a good Beer Breakfast Tuesday tomorrow
S/O to our newest followers , and we always follow back
recording a Voice Over Audition and my mic cable is on the fritz!
anyone know where I can get a new one?
I live in the valley!
This week is my week
Aw just fuck off!
Great seeing you today!
Council tables Marks' bill to seek term limits for council members.
Enjoying the cold winter air in NYC, polar opposite to LA!
When I was little I used to think Miley Cyrus was actually hiding be Hannah Montana and I was the only one who knew..
i like your accent.
Bad Times r to b looked upon n understood .........
Are you a volunteer and do you have a story to share?
Let us celebrate with you, come and tell us the highlight of one of your experiences!
RT : Ooh, WineRiot, eh?
Maybe I can convince people to give me free booze.
lol.
Please watch the video asap.
I have a feeling he'll receive the news from Board of directors that he's fired after what he did to
Hell yeah , fuckin' right.
Wow.
That was amazing.
Fuck everyone who doesn't love this game.
Thank you!!!!!!!!
So nervous for today.
Can't wait for it to be over!
So goodnight moon, goodnight you.
love and light
Never tell that you've served roadkill for dinner.
; RT : Yeah.
Lots of customers are tools.
:
Great article.
Thanks.
It gave me some ideas to help the wife with her blog and site.
Baby Hayes is Aka buck boy.
Today til close we will be offering 12 off the entire store as part of the 12 Days of Andaluz.
87 cappers with plays posted today and 3 NBA consensus from their picks that are on a nice 2041 run over last 10 posts,,see ya  t window
And there goes my good mood .
thanks mom !!
We have some interesting ideas about bringing you music!
Same to you Michael!
You're not cool if you have to tell people you're cool
: hey love hey what's gooodie?
Ain't seen u n a min.
do u still have autographed vinyl left?
np Ain't No Rest for the Wicked  Cage the Elephant
listening to pacha podcast from 3/6, it's pumpin me up gym
It is freaking cold out there!
When, and more importantly, why did you decide to start using social media?
am I supposed to believe that abercrombie actually has a football team?
and if they do have a team their recruiting seems questionable.
Great pass Earl Watson I see u getting 22 Mina game 11 yrs,!
You still got it and it is mention to be !
Keep ballin EJ!
And hold young bucks
Great speakers tonight urging SolanaBeach Council to become 1st in SanDiego cities to banthebag and reduce
if you are an artist, promoter, club manager, club owner, producer dj ,email me so we can give u a professorle on
Right, which then becomes a legitimating factor in any policy or media discourse that deploys it.
Don't laugh at me.lol JazzyBaee92
That's straight up dereliction of duty right there.
You should definitely write a letter.
Baby sitting my girls...
I'm thinking nap time.
Sorry?
Mine was a Trader Joe's frozen meal, so it wasn't real Indian food!
Proud of AU alum Octavia Spencer winning best supporting actress!
depends if it is a casual thing or has relationship potential
It's been that way for years.
I say fuck it all.
Despite his level of academic  intellectual prowess, Imam Anwar Shah alKashmiri would refer to himself as a simple talib al'ilm
You're welcome :
I swear, if I end this day without stranglin' a bitch, it will be a miracle.
YES!
THE POINT EXACTLY.
my 3rd period is all in.
Love This play.
Such great lines of poetry and wisdom.
I hope Boise St.
Lose to win my Bid.
Now taking res.
for the hottest tkt in town:Gold Coast Int'l Film Fest.entries from Berlin, Cannes, Sundancenew films this June.
msg me!
Hopefully President Obama's support for gay marriage leads to action.
Saying something is one thing, doing something is another.
I would suggest contacting first!
At home looking at homes for sale on the internet.
Can't wait for the gym tommorow.
BOO YAH!!!
FF  My favorite douche in the world!
finished watching The Wire.
Doubt there will ever be a series so great again in my lifetime.
Animals wane their childoctorn at the appropriate time without emotion or guilt.
Humans should do too; no 4yrs old walking to mom to suck milk
there's now a blinking light above our vending machine at work, Everytime I put a coin in I feel like Im feeding Zoltar from Big the movie
just updated to Natty Narwhal ubuntu unity is pretty slick at first sight.
goalforsummer Learn She by Tyler The Creator
On this warm windy day a Egg Salad sandwich with a cup of Gypsy Vegetable and a Blueberry Rooibos iced tea would hit the spot.
OMG.
Just watched 'titanic sounds' and saw myself like 90 times.
Thank god I finally got that outta my system 
wants to know what your doing to celebrate your 4th of July weekend.
Enjoy  BSafe!
If you are in Portland this better is on the !

In love?
Heartbroken?
Or just want a laugh?
Go follow for some of the best quotes on Twitter!
Is excited about the possibility of not one, but TWO trips to in the next two to three months.
Or, I suppose this is basically what Freebase is, right?
Hard to not feel bad for Kyle Williams of SF  Billy Cundiff of Baltimore.
Hope both men get the chance to redeem themselves.
Imissyouterribly and I can't wait till tomorrow when i get to kiss you!
please FollowMeAlexConstancio im trying so hard please follow or ?
RT if you see this 3 i love you :D
Some people are so terribly short sighted.
7 ppv low Carb bagel : weightwatchers That's what I got going on this morning
To be successful in life you sometimes have to go through a crisis.
Praise God for the crisis because he will bring you through.
Clicking everywhere.
What is it?
it's been a hard days night
Yes!
I can't complain.
Great things happening.
Just staying focused.
:
Gym is going to be the death of me!!!
Miss Angie's single Kick doctorm is 25 on the CRW charts this week!
my pleasure!!
Found the photos n I had to!
:p
Are there any substantive changes with your Timeline tutorial since Google Docs has made some changes?
Time for the viper to strike
yay I wear toms!:
apologies for the hiatus, revamping a few things, and a final edit for our book and game is in order.
We are seeking investors at the moment
Please win today Orioles so it will stop being spookily exactly the same as 2005.

can you follow me???
cuz you rock and i didnt quit pandanda!!!
AWESOME.
I was poking around a bit on the DB site and getting a bit perplexed by the options.
Having to wait 23 weeks for my new iPad to be delivered
your beats are the shit bro keep it up
I would have to agree with you about the shows glorifying teenage pregnancy.
wats good mwah
RT : 80legs.com is a nice tool to scrape websites.
They give simple data access methods.
Thanks, Maryann!
How romantic!
You and Betsy sitting in front of the computer watching hawkcam instead of going to the beach!
without Galinari and Afflalo!!!
Come on guys, play fair.
11...We'll see ya April 11th i PC...
Did my building just get buzzed by jets?
I love living in the city!
Swear these pretzel crisps are
no I saw one of your tweets to Dahvie a day or two after the show and started following you.
: I was at the show withmy m ...
FF literary heroes
How many of you are adult childoctorn living w/ your parents?
Do you know people who are?
How come?
Just finished my yoga session.
Thank you for introducing me to yoga through your book Do You.
It is a mustread!!!
after this I will listen to 's Oceanea on repeat because i couldn't go to his show right here in my backyard.
would love to see that presentation!
Good, glad that's all.
My friends kid's named Brooklyn because being born didn't quite celebrate the conception enough
You are so good together guys!!!!!!!!!
Jay Sean And Lil Wayne Reunite For 'Hit The Lights'
I think its funny how being on Facebook and Twitter at work went from taboo to accepted to getting on Facebook and Twitter FOR work.
Sox, Celtics losing, and losing ugly
Robert F.
Kennedy Jr.'s estranged wife found dead.
I just unfollowed him yesterday.
Strange ....
stay tuned.
yes you are lame!
I can't I got class right now until English
The only time I went outside today was to eat a breakfast burritto on my patio...must be close to finals week
Nissan Says Hackers Stole User IDs, Hashed Passwords
Nothing to do a friday night
A man is not where he lives, but where he loves.
any word from TBS on when they plan to begin airing CT repeats?
handsome devils
Over the weekend, a friend made references to both a palm pilot and about.com.
For the briefest second, I feared it was 2003 all over again
Start spreading the news...
It's ok.
I must've barely missed you coming back online.
I did some more library exploring then got a call so I logged off :
I am quite new to twitter.
I have about 500 followers in my field.
I think my tweets are useful.
But have to ask: Is anybody reading them?
how are u kei!!
thanks man!
U do the same ;D
haha where did u get that from
Tune in to 1340am on the COACH COOK RADIO SHOW at 9am, Aaron Davis from Hillsborough Title will join Coach live in studio!
It's cinco de mayo, everyone should be entitled to at least 1 margarita!
The heart wants soft furniture.
this usually the case I used to iron while I was on conference calls
this is insane
My friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the Empire State
ITS HOT AS FUCK IN HERE!
Know what's up with the police helicopter circling La Jolla/Bird Rock?
Missing child?
Say it ain't so, the Epic 4G isn't going to have NFC after all?
BAH!!
Todays market right on.
What happened to all the good news last week?
Who makes the news up anyway?
Brian!!
Don't you know, attics are where it's at for writing the great American novel.
It was a pleasure meeting today and hearing her speak about the future of scholarly pub'ing.
Thanks, and !
Lmao.
This little boy came up to me trick or treat while picking his nose.
The roads are slick and snowy in Salt Lake today!
If you had a virtual office with Davinci you could stay cozy in bed today!
My mom is the coolest
Did Obama just outlaw doctorpouts?
you have a motorcycle?
mission accomplished
Up in the studio me and my doctornk lol
can you do a that's the scoop video so I can understand the issues surrounding pension reform?
Another Icon has left us and my prayers go to Whitney Houston's family.....
Meeting will still take place but Build Day is now cancelled.
Future dates will be discussed.
Access to books is one of the main reasons kids make it as readers.
Kids with no access don't make it.
lol, my son plays at 4...
Will you be at free state?
On a whistling train this morning.
It's doctorving me mad.
will do!
New Supah Ninjas 2nite!!I 3 SATURDAYS Would Love If You Followed Me.New cupcakes 2nite Gracie.
My new motto: RT : Expecting life to be fair cuz u'r a good person is like expecting a bull not to charge u because u'r a vegan
You can't move forward while in neutral.Get moving.
Keep smiling.
Chapter 2012 Page 132 of 366 Thankful for my one and only source and supplier of my needs.
Smelling like a cat 
can it be warped tour yet?
Nice!
What are you training for, or is it just to train for the summer biking weather?
We're especially excited that shortlisted in Vendor ThoughtLeader Award though he's up against tough competition!
Just sent manuscript for my new book to the publisher.
Hallelujah!
Glad to have that done.
It's about spiritual fathers and mothers.
I forgive you.
I just want a quickie.
RT US dollar, US stock futures up on news of Osama captainre.
Read as new market confidence in the United States.
the beehive also good for jazz.
But yeh.
Wally's is the best.
Very small but good.
Parking a bitch at Wally's.
Alright so I'm leaving Howard's campus right now and these guys are talking about like 3 parties that are starting...
I'm ready for college!
can you do us a huge favor and RT this.
we want to try to get our name out there.
we are hug whores too so HUGS FOR EVERYBODY 3
I think top10 endofyear lists are silly.
And yet read them voraciously.
My SoCalled Life was such a friggin good show!!!
3
Whatever doe, sleeping all day, erryday.
Fuck it!
aww so do I!
yeah half of it is going to Schafer now :P
Rolypoly little bat faced girl is the hardest anyone's ever come in a lyric sorry
fun too to see some of my research flying through the twitosphere  spent a good amt of time on that project!
Closethat's next week.
Thank you in advance
Couldn't do it...unfortunately,the fruit snacks I chose were not satisfying.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
Henry Ford
Cheers Raider Nation!
Amazing...
I'm finally making a living online!
...used to not hire.
I just want the options to graduates open and the excuses not to hire eliminated.
Having college helps.
wow even more amatuers trying to throw hooks in ireland, whata shock, heres hoping they dont get it banned for the rest of us
Holy shit...Twitter!
why does That happen, it happens to me
Sorry to everyone that got spam from us.
Our password has been changed.
Not at all.
RT : This is not good.
RT : So does that mean the season's over already?
RT Green Bay gave up
New This Week  Four new jobs and two new grants.
Find them on the Programming Library homepage!
can you pinch hit for Davis?
Today we will lay to rest FFPM Michael Manieri.
Members attending, line up is 10:15am  Shrine of the Little Flower 3500 Belair Rd.
Missing Bosh...
Not just on the court, but seems like the Heat have no confidence...
I mean, besides the obvious facepalm
Check this video out SOLO XQUZITFEEL MY SWAGGERand dance called SWAGG SWAERINGyoutube.com/watch?vmisterX7L6Rm44featureshare via
ditto!
3 x
Had a great performance tonight with lot's of fun  received an amazing compliment from an important director lady!
YAYYYYY!!!!
Miss you in the wwe!!
Girl
Come back up to Sac and get your BBQ tritip and bergamot asparagus dinner.
Itsucks ResearchMethods just done presenting using confidence intervals in withinsubject design!
YeaaY it's time to focus on other stuff!
Yes, I do not
ask if he has any to share
DONT SELL YOURSELF SHORT
only a matter of time before i get arrested for indecent exposure.
i seem to forget the car isnt a doctorssing room.
I vastly prefer your interpretation.
Gonna go with that.
Everyone wish Miranda Cosgrove a Happy Birthday today :
SXSW launches Startup Village
2nite saw cops pull up next to a guy talking on his handset.
Ticket?
No.
Thumbs up!
What's that about???
Listening to Manager Tools.
I'm oddly fascinated by this podcast, even though I am not currently a manager.
I'm totally blanking!
Did you see Scott Pilgrim vs.
the World?
I'm digging your photos.
Looking forward to Cing U at NoKill Conf.
Bringing 2 coworkers w/me.
Keep fighting the good fight!

Madison and all of WI is proud to have you fighting for us.
Thank You!
Thank you!
JeffDavis50  Love it don't wanna be a dud, I wanna be a stud lol amazing
Thanks for adding us to your list!
Good tough questions today in debate of penalties for failure to reportabuse thx DelMcDermott, DelDumais, DelMcComas for sponsoring.
No GB meetup, but hope your keynote went well!
Thanks to for her help organizing our upcoming Skype session!
:
Help us connect with and mentor local fostercare alumni as we seek to establish a FCAA State Chapter in
yes!
talking to you just now made me so excited!
Class of 2016...
high school is going to be hell for you.
Definitely.
And it wouldn't be smart of Hobson to do what Kevin Durant did.
Just imagine what Texas could have done.
RT : Retweet if you want to see the production shots from Spring Series!
Call me spongebob, I'm flipping krabby patties!
I go to work, I do my cat daddy
I was like, I'm going to jail because justinbieber made me push a button.
taylorswift haha I love Punk'd
eat at Nandos!!!!
Interesting that ADHD runs in the family.
Kudos on breastfeeding, it helps a lot to boost immunity
And, done with that :
I would certainly hope so.
Keep up the awesome work, guys!
mostly I meant Radomski  what a moment for a 16 year old kid  but also many of the mets
What fo clara barton and walt whitman have in common?
really!?
Just doodles?
:
Inspired by to start a tshirt riot.
Who's in?
you should take a picture of you biting your lip.
That'd make you even more perfect: i3 you
I had, jito.
Since when are you a Twitter fan, Bird Man?
Yep.
She's in Boulder and I live in Denver but they're close enough.
It would be great to put a face to a Twitter handle!
If we eva whoopty whoop I want all the bleepty bleep
RT : Today is a great day to do what you love.
If not now then when?
I don't even know
You guys helped win funfreshfree :
What do you do the morning of a race?
Thoroughly excited that is following me as I've been a fan of his exotic bugeating and general shenanigans for a long time.
If you could pass everything along to me that would be great...
inhighschool i made a blow torch from axe body spray and a light
Which goalie is gonna flinch?
Put the biscuit in the basket...or go home.
Breaking from the norm  sincere sympathies go out to family of Amy Winehouse who was found dead in her apt this morning.
She was only 27!
Live, love, and laugh.
The three L's of my life.
Something tells me, you'll be sledding a couple of times before the end of the month.
Winter is always weird in OHIO!
Let's make Rock The Ink a trending topic!
Only one month until Rock The Ink!!!!
So let's make this final month count!
yes.
go.
x
Have a safe trip and don't bring back any snow!
Why the fuck is Rondo shooting fadeaways with a minute left!!!
The Dictator was really good!
So excited to be here!
: Anyone else excited for today's luncheon?
Behind scenes photos are always fun!
schools climate denier in audience.
Climate change is the infringement on civili liberties, not the govt regs to reduce GHGs.
i wanna say it doesnt bother me, but it does.
i wanna say im happy for you two, but im not.
that was a bitch move..
LMAO RT : YOU DON'T HAVE A JOB.
CHRIS RT : Left my twitter up at work

your recipes are OneInAMillion but I make them dairyfree for my tummy!
yeah I meant concussion wise.
I think he looks good, maybe needs a speedy receiver to be picked up in the doctorft
Wish I had some secret supper leftovers for breakfast!
James who?
I'm too lazy to check...if it's hetfield, I will steal a jet right now just to be there for the shit.
Oh!
I love her!
Happy Easter Saigh Family!!!
I Only Been Back In My Hood About A Week And They Already Killed Two People Out Here...
INSANITY!
Like I said.
It's all about the second half with Kansas.
UK has to find its shot
WOW U ON 1 TODAY
Yayyy followed me!
If followed me too I think I'd die!
Or at least not care that I'm going to fail this test.
Pushing off  Bellingham here we come.
I love you Andy
hey boo u look gewd in that pic
Yup.back at the lake now.
Barry trunk is my soulmate but he is running from me because i hurt him unintentionally over hurting inside from abuse i pushed him away
Being out of my house by this time  killme ineedmysleep !
Work is slow AF
cool..
I will have to check it out!
Thanks!
Is the Discipleship Class broken into groups
I would agree with this.
If you really want to be engaging, a great first step is to respond when people talk to you.
change of plans, went to dinner with friends instead!
sort of.
physics i just refresh my memory.haha, whataboutyou?
it's a good  will get better.
My main issue is not being able to modify sharing/privacy.
Good weed , white wine
I'm finally getting around to posting audio  video excerpts of Time in Eternity for soprano and guitar!
They should be ready this evening
NP ; RT Thank you to for yummy delivery breakfast!
Showtime is from 12pm  10pm so don't be late Vintage Reggae WinterFest MIRAMAR REGIONAL PARK  FEB 19th
O....people.....just gotta keep smiling, it'll be okay...
Tired as hell
It's such an awesome feeling, getting to the bottom of the laundoctor hamper.
Guess I have some extra fluid on me, cause my fluid pill is working this morning.
Happy Birthdayy MJ.!!!
we all miss and Lovee you.!
R.I.P
RT : There are 8 spots left for the 50 giftcard giveaway.
You've gotta get in on this!!
RT for an extra entry!
Welcome twitter miss lady.
Great seeing.
Lets catch up soon.
True love involves to people who not only are each the others sweet spot, 1 of 2
Also trying to control my sugar intake.
I'm a sugarholic.
i had to put Equal in EVERYTHING when I was hardcore dieting.
Your work does that!
You better Go Head!!!
That guy Caleb from Funky Knuckles was doing some Chick Corea Shit!!!
:
Aw!
Thank you DevN1kes for the luv......
:
Merci for the mention!
It is true, Ann Romney has never dealt with the kinds of economic issues that a majority of women in this country are facing.
haha what an awesome class!
The charanga!!
RT Boxing or karate?
What to do next?

Now I really am jealous waaahh I want a yipi now omg I could even taste it in my mouth and smell it LOL
Sounds like an outstanding idea!
lollol no problem dude
RT : And Fullers.
And Thornbridge.
Also a shit ton that don't export:I'm just talking about the beers we get in the US
Thanks!!!
RT Protein  fiber filled carbs  healthy fats  stable glucose  brainpower!
it was called flagrant 2 and downgraded to flagrant 1 after replay, and JVG  Jeff Van Gundy
Seacrest has awesome hair?
News to me.
Tomorrow, 10/28/11, is NationalNational Day!
:3 Can everyone please WEAR PURPLE tomorrow to show pride in PURE RANDOMNESS??
:3
: The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things but their inward significance.
Aristotle
I don't understand your ?
Everything is possible with links and smartphones.
Call you tomorrow.
:
Prayers!
Off to bed!
xx
The best thing to do when deciding between two things is to trust your first instinct.
Any other one is already compromised.
And my heart can start beating again.
Thanks for the RT!
oh lol well it's true I love her!
3
thanks!
It's just the start of a lot of fun summer launches for us.
So far, I have done a 5K walk and rearranged my office today.
Revising?
What revising?
I love to sing.
I sound horrible.
But I love to sing.
layin in the bed textin as usual mad pat is here in town but wont be able to see his ugly ass cuz he didnt doctorve his own car
May the fourth be with you on this day.
Say hello to He's been at more than he's been home lately.
Happy Mother's day to you, too!
nahh if tou miss sunday funday you have to be accepted back!
ps  I'm telling my boss I'm going home because someone is being mean to me
absolutely no clue.
Sorry
Visiting schoolboy on Metro, Why are we stopped?
I'm thinking, So, you can ask another stupid question!
WHAT IS mister HANDYMAN?
A fullservice repair and maintenance company specalizing in taking care of everything on your To Do list.
We'll be tweeting from our Autism Speaks event!
Can't wait to mingle for a great cause.
except SEIU is not in the aflcio, they are in Change to Win.
AMAZING Dance Rehearsal today 
BICSI exhibition hall is great.
Use the rate code SNOW for 25 off our best available rate and 10 parking!
Soak in our indoor whirlpool or order inroom dining service!
Thank you to the affable professor Stone for a really fantastic talk on design  information.
Well, we'll have to see how stem cell research can help the Bobbits out there.
what are you talkinnn about?
I'm at home silly
I didn't hear it either, I was wearing my 3 goggles in ATL.
Be good, June Bug.
Game 3.
A game for the history books.
Pujols  ties the record with 3 home runs WorldSeries.
Gotta love Baseball!
This episode is the true depiction of bullying.
Oh, well, I don't think about whether I am supporting authors.
Besides, didn't you hear that she is in the middle too, likes both?
yeah I kept playing it over and over and I was like STOP WHAT ARE U DOING?!?!!!!!!??!
IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im giving half of my  to Trayvon Martin's family  start a organization named after him 3
great trip, hopkins rolled stoney brook, md next weekend...
RT : He doctorve a Chevy Volt; he died in a fire long before the apocalypse.
Dinner at on June 5.You will love it!
I refuse to call ron artest that other name.
That's not ya name b.
They decided not to honor my 12 years exp.
Teachers only.
Funny I went through 2 months of their process b4 they told me.
Ugh.
RT : Facebook just eliminated their biggest competitor for the mobile photo space.
Bam.
Both nights in Brooklyn are Futureworld in it's entirety plus special set.
Different special sets each night.
Table top, bench model tshirt printers from capsscreenprinting.com are space savers for homebased printers.
Beautiful fall day in Portland.
Worried it's the last.
I slacked off way too much this quarter, I know I'm gunna regret it..
shit 
Octavio Blowtel at his finest again.
Not so good for the Cardinals.
Last Call Realization: I celebrate St.
doctornken's Day in my heart every day.
Who wants to pick me up from the Nashville airport tomorrow morning?
The real life backstabbing, political alliances, and stratagems of city hall were growing predictable.
Welcome back
Focusing on producing 's mixtape.
Getting my skills.
People RESPECT you for what your doing; not for what you're about to do.
We gone we gone we gone Get this MONEY
Don't forget to hit our 50 off sale tomorrow!
www.goodwilldenver.org/locations for stores.
Holy crap, it's crazy downtown!
Smashville is full throttle!!
Happy and safe new year from everyone at innovelop!
just 3, how much is yours?
Update blues chart on ReverbNation 5 LA/OC, 39 national, 68 global, 210 all genres LA/OC and 3989 global all genres.
Happy New Years!
Dumb board
ff the incomparable Ms.
Annie Potts
Thank you.
Happy holidays!
Off/Center: Art Writing from the Regions, Sept 2022, with Looks pretty good!
I'm too excited to go see All Time Low this summer 333
hurry up!
last two days to get your picture with the
Animal  Neon Trees
omg!
the lake is frozen !!
Catching up on Twitter, I read about 2 million posts about a girl trapped in a noodle in Chicago.
I'm even more confused.
Not Foreal I Broke Mine Nd I Havent Got A New One .....
Sad Face
Cafe Du Monde for beignets...
Central Grocery for muffuletta...
Acme Oyster Bar for its namesake.
Yep, that's it.
When it's all over, it's not who you were.
It's whether you made a difference.
RT A hood nigga like you yea i like that
Awesome music too!
: great movie
Oil Jumps 2.5 to highest level in 9 months...
i dont have facebook sorry yo.
ill make one soon and then i will i promise;
i need a camera
happy birthday love yo site and hearing you interview hip hop stars
Thanks, ZippyG.
We are GO for AutoSequence Start.
BenildeSt.
Margaret's just scored...
now 40 late in the championship game against HillMurray.
We will let you know on Fox  9 if they win
Oh my sweet lanta, hello there car show.
I always have problems opening my locker :/
The power of history is in the end the greatest powerRobert Caro
You can dance anywhere, even if only in your heart
Should have walked.
RTW protestors slowing down Super Bowl buses.
wait is cooler than me
I'll let u know how it goes, I'm skeptical
Diana Ross has NEVER won a Grammy?????
hahahahaha yeahh a lot of people say that!!!
i will just keep trying :
Is there anybody at all who finds the Fast Eddie's commercial appealing?!?
best: Wednesday morning worst: Sunday night?
How dare you say that and mention him in it NoLove smh yhu gtta learn to not hate so much smh lol
FNM Tonight!
Hope to see you there!
I had a small one years ago, but it's definitely about time to reinvest!
just spread butter with my finger because I didn't want to take 3 more steps to get a knife
Someone should tweet me!
:
I'm spending the day enjoying Oren Izenberg's Being Numerous.
HAHAHA LOL I was thinking you might've gotten that wrong haha, Go doctorw Doughty!
showed your pops some chief keef vids the other day
Been loving some NC weather lately.
that letter to the customers makes that pretty clear IMO.
shes out than train smoke.
Back to back Saturday nights in Philly spent doing work.
It's time for a real vacation.
Kentucky and
Bonus for working on the Range this weekend: my first meal at Gordy's High Hat.
Nom nom nom.
Hot sauce is the most amazing thing ever!
Whenever I stretch it sounds like I'm being brutally murdered slowly and painfully.
Anyone know any good dog boarding spots in seattle ?
Looking for a place for our pooch on xmas, but everywhere seems booked solid!
It's a Coheed kind of night.
i get home and my bro made progress!!!
:D
Thank you for the mention!
Have a wonderful weekend.
I look forward to your future tweets.
that's too bad!
If you ever need help in the future, please let me know!
If love to help.
Got the WMtn survey email.
Great writing to whomever wrote it!
Make me laugh  completed survey :
Look trying to convert here!
But HELLO This Twitter Bird needs to HAve alot of life put in it!
Lets add
HCI question: Why did Wordstar have that huge menu that listed all the keyboard shortcuts?.
Can't wait for LovingLocal to launch.
Tonight is date night, and we're wishing we could already browse the Things to Do section for ideas!
What a dummy.
Two more hours
how could i resist?
it's DIANE.
I'm pretty sure my morning is going in slow motion.
thai food, ninkasi beer and masterpiece theater
Yeah your right...
My head spinning
as am i
I literally cnt stand ppl who think they're better than me bc they can do more pushups/bench more/run longer/fucking crawl faster.
Shutup.
What's the best advice you ever got from your Coach?
derbyonnbc im voting for Ill have another, woo hoo!
badgerhockey just got swept by michy freakin tech...ugh
love me some gambino.
cant wait to see him at bonnaroo this summer.
Thanks for the follow!
I was just checking out your website.
When does your book come out?
I thought abt trying to syndicate bits for a while, but no, he doesn't.
I do have a tattoo now: The mind is its own place.
2 Scotty fade away On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net
have a great time out there today!
:
real librarians don't doctornk decaf :P
yay: hospital for 6 hours now on the road for 2.
RT : Happy First Day of Spring...
Now get back to work!
Joke: Wife said Honey, take me someplace expensive.
Husband took her to the gas station LL!
!!!
Total love fest at Loving the Circle City as we parade through our favorite things about the city!
Someone please text me!
It was 340 to get my car back.
The price of stupidity can get pretty hefty.
Its amazing how much stuff doesn't get done unless I do it.
Laurie Berman makes a great point in her quote at the end.
hell nurse.
Winter getting you down?
Get a new cute raincoat.
Hehe
Badgers 817 from the line
My girl and I are taking our mothers out for a mothers day dinner Saturday!
No press here that I can see.
Probably this is too difficult for tv news to digest.
me too.
:p .
Well, i'm learning english and spanish, at school.
You?
;
its nothing
Your continued use of our website will be deemed acceptance of the updated or amended terms
This sounds really fun.
If you have a lesson plan or anything I can read, I'd love to see it!
Happy Birthday Arizona!
We're a proud member of your growing communities
Well, Huxley is being facetious.
From that same essay: thought is barred, truth is not wanted in the City of doctoradful Joy.
jump in on the fastest growing segment of the decorated garment industry!
www.anajet.com
The new Bing layout is really cool.
Would you use it if you didn't have gmail?
Every time step out he got a fly chick with him to compliment his swag!
Happy Mother's Day to all you wonderful moms out there!
and making those smashes.
Let's get it
every follower have goes to CharityForPoor Penny already raised 700 for the poor, you can help her by being her follower!
OMdoubleG!!!
That's rough!
haha fine!
We'll try to come out with a few bad songs just for you!
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted  Aesop.
Am reviewing the Bernadette Peters  Michael Feinstein concert tonight
I Don't Like Justin Bieber, but i Don't Hate Him.
So...
We may be a thousand miles apart, But I'll be with you wherever you are!!!..I'm already there...!
Halftime and the blues trail glendale by a try 611
Just got done with my best little buddy at his speech followup...looks like he's back on track for a 4yr old!!
Yay!!
He was my best friend I tried to help him but he traded everything for suffering
Mature women with more than me were the first to tempt me.
eating mint chocolate ice cream
Hardest part of hanging out alone in a bar is pretending to like Family Guy
she said..you ain't no good but you feel so good
Have a fun and safe Super Sunday!
wow that took u a long time
Took a walk today and was taken back by the sound of the birds and the flowers peeking out of the ground.
Beautiful.
Well thanks...BF
BREAKING NEWS FROM : There are empty seats in Fenway on a cold wet night....ladies and gentlemen that's some reporting
Even when you lose you learn!!!
oh no!
Sorry to hear about the ACL.
Of course that means the Tour will be boring this year.
Yep!
: Lol were so cute together.!
NFL is not playing I see
Great to run into you here
Excited that is now following me back!
Looking forward to the opener, and this season.
Going to be a great summer in Reno!
on my way down soon for iced coffee!
too many suckas and not enough time...
you swear like you  him made songs together, stop acting like you knw him and stfu
shout out to my nigga 173rd ent 5 star studios and to the homie k lo k..
I couldn't help it man.
I had to troll that one out of any of those you just tweeted.
It was easier than recording me dancing.
can I send my PedSheds into rechaco for a resole?
We are using SendGrid primarily these days...
but going to check out Marketo.
Thanks!
Ok so no announcement yet today.
hopefully if keep cheering it on it will work!
PHISH ComeOnDown Please?
Continuing my Guy Ritchie movie marathon with Revolver
Yeah, the old guy was saying that he thought mamma bear was really trying to save him, based on past experiences w/her.
Another reason for cheer: Jenna, who takes her picks really seriously, wins dtlmadness.
Feeling sick today and Tuesdays are my super long days :
last night was nothing compared to tonight
Meet SMI amamister in Atlanta, e.g.
eye tracking for POS studies
CHICKEN KITCHEN!
This movie is pretty bad, in fact it sucks

True friends are those who, when you make a fool of yourself, don't believe that this condition is permanent.
Erwin T.
Randall
what great timing!
Can't wait to have you and your daughter out!
Wonderful Wednesday art world!
What did you create today?
Reporters at a popular bar called The Abbey for reaction to the President's remarks.
Forecast for Rest Of Today: Mostly cloudy.
Scattered showers late this morning.
Then numerous showers and...
Is an image request in the noscript on a page the only way that SC determines if JS is disabled?
if I were serving your food EVERYONE would show up.
Who do I have to make go away to get a Mile End DC?
Exit Row
actually, i think my adopted childoctorn are eligible for free tuition.
Lisa is not, however, which she's bummed about.
:
Debating whether or not I should follow because  get kinda creepy when they tweet about him
So excited ..
I'm gonna be an Aunt to a baby girl!!!!!
My sisinlaw is due in January ...
Auntie Teather ..
Oh my ..
3
FOR YOU DISMANTLE YOUR COMPANY FOR HOW SHITTY YOU TREAT PEOPLE, YOU SAID I GOT TWO
Haven't tried it!
Is it worth trying?
:
proud of being one of your 931.778 followers: I love you so much!
go Ballerinas !
January 21Day Purification Group Program is set.
Doing nutrition consults via Skype now 2 so U can B anywhere.
Skype me SportsDocNarson
Lebron James played like a bi?h in 4th quater
hahaha that does no.justice.
can't see any of the alcohol behind or the keg of beer.
It is delicious!
hehe you see?:
straight like that!!
Our 2015 post tandem of Megan Gustafson and Emma Roennenburg are 5th and 7th in scoring in the Wis 15 class
I'm on smiley face overload looking at your convo hah
Disregard my previous question.
Just saw your tweet about the blog post.
Any recommended good reads on Obama's announcement today?
Along wit celebrity comes bout 80 shots to your frame
he majored in business and minored in sexyness
What would I do without my favorite ppl: My son, my parents and GOD.
I dont wanna know!
The Inventors  Entrepreneurs Meeting tonight at 7 PM in Ceremonial Chamber.
niga where the fuck u been
Heading to Seattle!
Can you tell me how many trekkers visit K2 base camp each year from the Chinese side and Pakistani side?
Thanks!
Eric
yes!
You better call me when you're here!
that being a reason.
So proud of all my kids and what they want to see happen this summer!
Miss yall.
this is true.
But at least its not onesided like at the coliseum or NJ.
how do you forget something that you love?
it's not really possible, is it?
how have you and your writing been?
I just finished a 2.03 mi run with Nike GPS.
and to you, dear.
thank you.
3
Maybe the government wouldn't have the munchies if it got its nose out of our bongs.
hey i like you new pic!:
Don't gain the world and lose your soul, wisdom is better than silver or gold.
Bob Marley quote RT RT
Sit Toney's bum ass down.
take that Buster Olney!
What is your favorite coffee flavor?
Justin Wong is gonna win in SFXT at SXSW!
aw you guys are cute!
Dagum I gots to practice my wobbling skills!
concert in one week!!!
ExtremeAnticpation 3
If the Mets ever ask publicly why their attendance is subpar, I'm sending them a screenshot of your tweets from tonight.
Thanks for the mentions and !!!!!
Anyone wanna buy in on a center court penthouse suite for the bulls game tonight?
100 a person.
RT It's not gay if it's for a Klondike Bar.
I like Fab as well, but what I like about Everlane is its all their own products, and not 100 different products a day.
Label writing is a skill!
A skill I am determined to master!
But for now I am at least 150 words over the limit...
;; Let's be best friends .
now I present me and Shea's whole friendship timeline in about 3 tweets
And I thought coming at 10:30 would be early enough.
Geez.
wow Samantha and captainin Awesome
All these people have the potential to party.
Goodnight guys : don't forget to follow our personals and :
I know that feeling Hang in there girl.
You're kicking ass
agreed.
and the only thing worse than mazz sometimes is felger.
Time for bed soon got an early morning tomorrow / but then after school I'll get on a plane to London with my friends  YEEY
: I say come to Indy Taryn!
well then, Indy it is!
Looking forward 2 it n happy u r speaking there!
I just earned the 'Mad Love Ultimate Fan Badge' badge on CBS.com!
yes you're the old slob kabob he doctorols over.
fck the Best im Beyond it 
My strategy on those shows is whichever of you is willing to make out WITH EACH OTHER gets a rose!
you guys should sing a song from Wicked or Rent.
It's like Kansas knew we where going to whip upon them in March!
Hehe
NEW YORK GIANTS, Y U NO GIVE UP ALREADY??
RT : thanks for teaching me iPhone tricks!
continuing education...
happy to help!
Starting the day with a quick exercise programgreat for the body and mind!
ExpertVisibilityTip: What's an SMT?
What's an RMT?
Two of the best ways to get huge exposure and get paid for doing it!
Happy National Beer Day!
Thank you very much!
:
Can't say I'm excited for this.
RT : From Vince: Freeze watch in effect all of SE WI late Thur.
thru Fri AM.
Lows inland: 30
Being without Wikipedia for a day reminded me of post storm power outages we had as a kid.
My, my, how times change us,  our expectations.
Any party with the Foo Fighters wouldn't be one to miss.
is not giving me shots.
Martin is fucked up lol.
Thank you for sharing ShineYourDivine with us!
Where else can you pick from 15 different sauces?!ONLY at ABX!
What are the chances this backyard treasure hunt actually turns up anything related to the Gardner Museum heist?
I say less than 1.
San Diego peeps ever wanted to b in a flashmob?
Here's ur chance.
Sun 10211.
Visit www.sandiegoweddingparty.com for choregoraphy  more!
Could you please RT this survey link?
needs 7000 more responses!
Jurisdictions r listening!
TY!...
no doubt!
Follow me on instagram: juliakelert  I follow back
I need a Foot massage !
Twitter Steering Committee.
Concept seems so foreign to me.
In case you haven't noticed yet from his tweets...
Journal staff photog is on the balloon field this morning.
lmao hell yea they would but they ass would be straight after that
now you have it.
:
Chaos!
Great tune
Yu a bad mother.
Tx is rollin now!
Valpak envelopes start hitting homes today!
In addition to killer deals , keep an eye out for randomly inserted 100 Instant Win checks!
I always wonder what its like to actually hear people.
I can't believe its the 7th day of the StationFast!!
Its been an incredible week!
I will consider it.
had whitefish at Sable's earlier in the week.
It was heavenly.
She Got A Ass On Her,  She Pretty In The Face, I Spent Some Cash On Her, It Aint Nun To A Playa .
.
AwwYea :
Best dinner EVER!
I got 99 problems and my girlfriend helps me eliminate them:.
is following !!!
AND ITS RECENT!!!
They both so FRESH!
Why does everyone hate goleman all of sudden?
What are some of the most important things that you've learned from your mother?
excited for you man...congratulations
The Detroit Tigers look great.
On paper.
There's something you don't know I've walked you of to keep you on your toes 
So Today...
Yeah Another Great Day 
He's the best : You know I'm always down!
Shot!
I can design or make music with a TV on.
When writing, impossible.
Hmm...
maybe I should make a flow chart.
I ain't thinking bout you tonite
Celebrating Life, was a huge success!!
Thank you all for your donations and support to help other women with ovarian cancer.
Oh sht he fcked his knee up
LOL Triple H returned, too.
I want Triple H vs.
Paul Bearer vs.
Paul Heyman in a Paul on a Pole Match.
Just bought World of Geekcraft, which looks to be an awesome book.
Particularly excited to try the cylon hoodie craft!
SHUT YOUR FACE!!!
anthony DM ME!!!
Great action in the Riv poker room, come on down and check it out !!
Morning parties are awesome.
Looks great!
The vengeful librarians?
lol I will send this one out to all the librarians and future librarians I know.
Only the phrase is funny
Merry CHRISTmas!
Praising the Lord for my Savior  that today my Redeemer lives!
And He lives in me!
Hallelujah to the King!
Its not u its me
So cold this morning.
28 degrees.......bur
wheniwasacrab Joanne was like a big sister and looked out for me :
HOW LOW CAN U GO
I guess I'm pushing for jitters.
Come on jitters!
certainly is an Adorkable little fuck.
Is it just me or does Netflix Instant seem to have less quality new content?
Can't find anything, and summer tv is simply unwatchable.
great.
I'm the tall, thing guy in jeans
Going to see Daniel Orrin  John Wall
Great weather  Insane sushi Thursday  awesome night to be on Milwaukee Street!
Ready to dance the night away?
Come in tonight for Dirty Boogie starting at 9:30!
oil companies make billions and laugh
Time to get at that dubstep!
Going to costco to have a yummy hotdog
Safe travels sir  see you next week.
that's why we don't force leagues to choose player pools based on conferences.
You choose the teams you want.
Scorpio may need a little something to keep them going thru the ceremony, they SECRETLY want to win more than anyone.
Magnetic w few words
WAVE HOPPER 2012
...to prepay for health benefits to current employees, and any employees for next 75 years.
We'll be building packages for the newly announced WSOP stop down under later this year  9 Bracelet events in Oz  Cannot wait for this!
We understand completely.
It's good to minimize distractions and focus.
What's on your Pandora?
Bryan
I swear sappy love songs are following me, taunting me.
Time for 'Disturbed'....
that should shut them up!
.
its coll if u no follow me ,istill lovee u very very very muchh 
what about me?
YES!
Defender of the season Kompany puts City 1 up!
:
5 days in a row at the gym.
Yes!
Cuz that's how we do!
;
are you coming to florida on your all the rage tour?
Big shout out to the previous owner of my econ book who sold it back to the bookstore, nice work crossing out roughly half of the paragraphs
UGH I WISH I COULD.
I may not be the prettiest, smartest or strongest, but at least I'm me, and don't pretend to be someone that I'm not meant to be.
Thanks for passing along the info, ladies!
Jaime, check your inbox for an email from me!
:
thanks for following!!!
and Jersey Shore for you of course.
Interesting presentation from Gaikai CEO David Perry on cloudbased gaming thanks.
Trying to create a Special Offer for checking into us on FourSquare.
Watch this space over the next two weeks.
Last full day at my dads!!
If you're wearing pajama pants and sandals at 1pm and you're a guy...you have a problem.
am not!
Watching the Grammy show.
Hello Bruno Mars!
How does Starbucks not open till 8 AM?
Well, he calls himself Josh.
Alicia: I'm not a sore loser or anything, but Christina you suck, so there.

A: we've got to survive as individuals if we expect to survive as a society.
The ideas are not mutually exclusive.
T.
Turner
one?
Be faithful.'
my mom just gave 's brother a tour of my room and said that he was her new friend.
omg
man this girl chest look like a steped on honey bun lol
Still in awe over your speech, and the nightThank you so much!!!
RT : Thanks  it was fantastic
Depressed.
Now I won't have any spare time or sleep for like the next 9 weeks.
I feel a strange calm coming over me, lately, and I don't quite know what to make of it.
Must be the yoga.
I have one that uses binoculars to watch the childoctorn play in the street
Have you switched your business page over to time line yet?
What do you think?
doctoramt that I was ordering pizza for a large group and an honesttoGod screaming match broke out over Thin Crust!
or Deep Dish!
So it begins RT : I hope the dogs like snow because it's snowing!!!!
Beauty call LA  Cryostem facial increase collagen 71 in 1 treatment.Your Beauty all the time.
Strategy meeting last night with and Colin Killalea.
Went over tunes for our Fri.
recording session for the Blue J.
album.
So Good  Say Anything
Be sure to schedule your Private Lesson before the end of January!!
Laura's schedule is filling fast!
Email us at .
If you phone your name in on the list I have a hard time imagining you getting shut out.
I'll msg if game starts.
Feeling like Rap God when you sing a fast verse from a song successfully.
the latter for the holiday
As usual, the quote generator is working hard this morning in my timeline, as we needed twitter to get quotes of important personalities.
NDSA unable to attend  deliver googlization of everything talk for / NDSA partners meeting
It pays to do an amazon/google search for stuff from gilt; just found a gift for my daughter for 20 cheaper.
i was dying at tweets this morning lol
Heard the festival was a smash, glad you enjoyed it and thanks for supporting !
Sometimes, a good Disney movie and a bowl of ice cream can fix any problem
Attending the Monday Night Party  Fundoctoriser tomorrow to benefit 2 great causes!
Hope everyone got their tickets!
I got it from Austin's old icon :
frickin A...a bit behind but QOTSA, Strokes, Jim James, Widespread Panic, Deer Tick, LaFaro, Middle Brother, meeting TV On The Radioorgasms
hmm at swag!
Tax return complete  new iphone on order.
Happy birthday to me .
.
.
Thanks uncle Sam for raping me throughout the year.
I want to look up / And see your eyes change / Forever / By me
yep yep it's cool ha ?
: You are gorgeous..
just saying haha His first tweet to me3
Thanks for checking in with us on Foursquare!
How was everything?
I do too.
I think it's cute.
NF Please join my Diva movement and follow back!!
This Victoria Secrets model looks like she needs to eat a couple of combo burritos!
Not sexy...
45 Bro, Gods love is unconditional, is yours?
everyone is certifiably crazy about at least one thing.
Got your voicemail and plan to touch base early next week.
It's hectic around here today!
I was impressed she could turn the tube out of a block of wood.
I forget the name of the early maker she copied.
I'll ask her dad.
J Carlson: data curation professorlereference interview on steroids
Haha, I didn't know Nico did a remix to this.
Thanks!
idk...does it?
Let me know...I know it helps with itching from a mosquito bite
Got my first taste of today.
So delicious!
I'm going to need another box by tomorrow.
NVHollyMadison 'I got my body back'
Just purchased a new camera, Canon Rebel!
Now I just have to learn how to use it...
That's Santa Claus and His Old Lady on WFUV  glad it gave you a grin Camille 
We knew what you meant RT : I meant Corona!
I do everything and anything for anyone and I get called selfish?
I guess...
Observer Forum: Letters to the editor
not complaining...
But now I'm hungry again.
Better luck in Houston, I hope!
Since computers are a popular way for identity thieves to attack you, you need to cover your tracks.
My schools administration sucks.
Most of them belong in hell.
Just because you're an adult doesn't mean you can treat a teenager like shit.
Why did I think it was Friday?
It's only Tuesday.
This week needs to go by faster
I read that today about Facebook passwords!
Crazy!

I'm not even trying to be a bitch..
Setting up a new Web page.
We'll see how it works out.
Lunching it up a Chuy's Restaurant today!...Today is a Spectacular day!
Can't go wrong with Master  Margarita!
awesome get ready for coedz at Mix Ultra Lounge Friday july 22nd!
A most worthy cause, hoping to raise awareness.
Thanks
Blitzer is also pretty damn amused when numbers change on a screen.
I think he's just easily amused.
Shout to the whole e.v.a.
pro family
looking confident, track suit and all.
State Attorney now explaining hazing law.
This is a homicide by hazing.
13 people to be charged.
Oh interesting...
I hadn't heard that.
What's the explanation?
On to to get supplies for Saturday.
Possibly returning with some sushi.
Stewart's work is a largescale installation called Fully Empty 2.
The show is an homage to the winter solstice.
For position updates and company happenings, follow on TWITTER!
I really am genuinely flattered at how many people in the last week have said they want to work with me on creative projects.
Hacked Ozymandias' Twitter account.
The password was RAMESESII
Anyone know of other VCbacked tech firms that've moved from CA to MA in the past decade?
So far I have Kiva, Conformis, PolyRemedy  Nexage
Well, that was before the Cylons.
Oh, wait.
Those aren;t the colonies you mean ...
but..
But..
I'm not going to the game.
Stephen Joyce must be spinning!D
nothing yet.
Actually reading some of 50 Shades of Grey.
I'm tired of looking like the bad guy
i go with them Bron Brons
Does anyone know score of David Prouty High School Super Bowl Game??
There are some really creepy people out there..
If gets the job at taco bell I'll be getting free baja blast all summer long
400 extra a month to chill, il take it
FOLLOW for me right now.
:
thanks for the Look forward to your tweets :
There is a fine line between swag and gay.
yeah, I suspect we'll be seeing a talent doctorin from parents avoiding pop warner in a decade or so
Thanks and of course!!
RT Use, do not abuse; nether abstinence nor excess ever renders man happy.
Over 30 of the submissions to the first OGI Conference were used last year, so your voice DOES count!
Not Too Soon!
Lovin' the San Diego weather in NYC today!
ARRIBA!!RT : Cinco de mayo!
Time to be mexican all day!
Margaritas with some classy bitches later!
Same bizzaro world where is skinny and rocks a Potsie Webber
WHSummit at great discussion on healthy food financing.
Let's Move!
Farm Bill  SNAP  community development.
I found it!
probably why I feel so fresh and clean clean
trust me, it only gets worse.
But I do think it gets funnier too :
My grandma needs to just stay here to live!
Overtime !!!!
Not sure I can handle this!!!!
Hiya Miami RT : From the 305 MIA tweeting tonight with the flu
To maximize healing after a buttock augmentation, minimize sitting on the buttocks for at least 3 weeks.
does anyone know when season 3 of TheBuriedLife starts?!?!
says strip clubs and sex shops are not welcome in Ptown.
S/o to the new follower
I'm SURE that is true.
I took an elective QBasic class in 1999.
Really.
ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf Whatever this is..
or make something out of it
I want YOU!
FMOT
great shoot with BEAUTIFUL 
What's OKC?
I keep seeing it on my timeline .
Spurs win!
Sweep the Jazz.
On to the next series.
and why doesnt he have good connection!
Negotiate contacts w/ licensors that refund u for downtime not extend dates if contract.
That's awesome, thx!
Twitter doesn't allow users to DM nonfollowers...ahem !!
Four X 40 pass arrived today.
The snow is a nice prep for hitting the hill soon.
nite r u goin to be on twitter tomorrow??
My thesis now has a call number!
BV167 L41
For FF we're throwing out the big social networks; , , and
Enjoying beautiful Los Angeles what a beautiful place.
Can't wait to work with the new producer of TV Show.
:
They will and they know it, but if they can pick up a title or two they'll be happy.
yeah it is
Im Coo Bruh Chilln Coming up With Ideas For My Line Gettin Mentally Prepared for this big show on friday
Top of the morning, God bless
lol its okay.
but he isnt gay?
Hi Hi how did your Hebrew Studies class pan out?
Did you absolutely love it?!
.
No, but let's be honest: Why live in D.C.
when you can live in Charm City?
Today is the day when collegeboard reduces the hard work of both aphistory teachers and students into one assessment.
Happy Birthday !
Hope you had a fantastic day!!
I gotta say, showa's got it going on.
Whole grilled squid and pickled veg till I'm stuffed.
Bye gross school see you next week!
:
In the relentless demands of obscurity, character is built.
Chuck Swindoll
Should have thought twice about that tweet...
That's right buddy!
Just call me your personal alarm clock!
;
had to create a new account could remember my old info!
It is all good.
Happy to be back tweeting.
Give me a shout out!
good morning sister :
TIME TO DO THE RIGHT TIME
Where did you get your Henley in your Twitpic.?
:3
Can't wait for this amazing weekend.The San Diego sunshine mixed with the friends, family, and festivities have this weekend looking amazing
Loving the beats bro, U will def be on my next project, til then datpiff me MCMLXXXVIII
game time boys!
Let's beat those packers like the eagles beat the giants
...and then go to bed.
U have work tomorrow RT : I will re post the tweet I had earlier in the week that got so much attention.
I'm loving this weather 33
Blocked kick in triple overtime, MSU for the WIN!!
So good to see Dantonio SMILE!
It's a good day when everyone in my very conservative library is talking about licenses.
IM SO EXCITED I THINK IM GONNA PEE IN MY PANTS XDXDXDXDXD
you are so cool.
Like fo' real.
WE'RE HAVIN A SALE RITE NOW ALL ARE RED TAGS ARE 20 OFF UNTIL SUNDAY!!!!!
this excludes levi
dood ure and ideot I sware.
You don't even find that shit a little amusing?
doubt it
3/10/1788B Lincoln:The growing attachment of the People to the proposed Constitution is certainly a strong proof of its general excellence
Ironic considering today's Toni Morrison lovefest: just got weborder saying they discovered our press by googling Why do i hate TM?
1/2
Today has been a really great day...
But also a really depressing day...
I didn't watch the whole game but from what I heard and saw, uh huh!
Moms Night Out: Beat the brunch rush with a variety of dinner specials  Available for MothersDay this Sunday, May 13th
Hammoudeh on crude oil at 120/barrel: 0.5 percent will be cut from economic growth in the first year of a budding economic recovery.
According to the SeaTac airport map in , there is a Freshens in Concourse C
HAPPY VDAY EVERYONE BY DAY WAY TABOO TUESDAY!!
txt me about it when you get a chance if you want
I didn't even know there were maximum minutes.
Eek!
There's a hawk circling our house and my dad just screamed and ran inside to get his binoculars.
Thanks for letting us know!
Could you give our support team a call?
18554662646
A1: It is easy to apply to a lot of jobs today
April showers brings Angry Andy.
Yes, most definitely  soon.
EWB is a case study in the book, so we may need a followup chat someday.
Alexander McQueen Exhibition was far more than just amazing.
So sad photography was not allowed :
The sky c;
Anyone have any sound isolating earphone recs?
Durable plz.
My replacement Shure SE210s have once again crapped out on me w/in a year.
Oh well.
Super Fun wine for Mom.!
Free shipping on any two bottles or more.
Use code MOM010.
www.giftedvine.com
What's your costume for our Zombie Apocolypse party Saturday night?
thanks : but I took them with some girl I'm tryna find her .
lol
I still can't believe how many videos and photos we monitored.
Good times, indeed SB46!
I Can't Believe That My Brother Is Going To His Senior Prom!
I Think I'm Gonna Cry':
RT : 4 of industry revenue in September came from one deal  LivingSocial's Whole Foods deal, which generated 10mm
Just saw Marty Roesch, CEO, they're rocking it old school w/table games casino
itshardwhen you're trying to party hard as fuck, but you're in a library.
Right?
Seriously Heart attack in Nashville.
A little bit of doctorma ensued, but the dog is safe!
: No way could I turn my back on that situation.
Hey Where do you go in this town for one of those Surly 16grit Double IPAs?
Lets Go Panthers!!!
I feel like I'm there all the time.
Lol If I had friends to go with I would for sure.
Not the type to go out alone
Dam that dog fell out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down but he loves me
the kardashians adopted me yesterday.
Relax prisoner  surrender your will to Wonder Woman's!
You shall see her picture always stamped on your brain!
...
Jim Collins: Leadership is a hierarchy of capabilities.
Thanks for the heads up!
That's so awesome!
Hitting the links with looking to defend the title vs and stinkydoctorw big ups too
Chris Paul doesn't miss from that Right Elbow
Thanks Mark!
much appreciated!!
the story about stink getting nailed by his son's 94 mph cutter made me snarf.
Not quite milk through the nose, but close
If what you are doing is not moving you towards your goals, then its moving you away from your goals.
Brian Tracy
that was the dumbest technical like ever
Shout out to my brother , I just wanna say that man.
Its pimpin over here yall
It's a masterpiece, just not a good movie.
Woop!
What's up?
:P
And I'm excited to learn more about the communications  messaging work you do with nonprofessorts
You know that was usererror.
I am late and will be there in  minutes.
Happy Mother's Day to my mommy.
Special love  prays to my grandmas; miss you every day.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms on twitter
I Swear SpangALang has magic healing properties
I LOVE MUSIC 
Baby girl twist awaaaaayyyy.
Bill Maher 'Who Just Molests..
So Bill now thinks Santorum has inappropriate relationships with kids?!
Inexcusable!
Dayton bound!
Almost done with my last class of the day :
Been chilling coffee in the fridge over night.
Morning time treat all week!
Congrats to you and your son!
ED is up 4 DVF award.
But need your vote 2 win!
www.DVFawards.com
I should totes Skype you from the theater.
James Jespersen, 77, coinventor of closedcaptainoning, died of a heartattack in San Miguel, Mexico.
Back to MaryWashington for my last undergraduate semester...
kind of surreal.
Who has a good way of marking resin coated prints?
so what
Someone say's let's make yesterday Jealous....Goodpoint
Bounce bounce bounce ball!
dear Alanyou are hilarious.
word!!
And what you have to offer...
Lol
just havent been in the mood..i made up wt my bro so we cool now..im back on track lol
You bet if you ever get out of the Library.
LOL
Spice rubbed chicken and veggie tacos w/ chipotle cream
tomato soup; spaghetti; grilled cheese sandwich; pizza : Ok, now I'm hungry!
OK : Just looking out for you!!!
I love the indigo on the team...
I dig the Indigo...
wow!
I did not know that.
so what?
buy CDs download to phone?
Small biz service owners, Kansas City is now charging 20 per sign if you post them on city property, like a signpost or pole.
Pick em up!
They finally stopped from tweeting.
Thank god.
I hope her ass cant get out
19th annual Martin Luther King Jr.
Coconut Grove celebration at Saint Stephen's Episcopal Church.
2:30pm on Sunday, January 15th
What kind of dog is this?
Uh, this is a tortes hahahahah
Looking 4 something to do tonight?
Join us Meridian St United Methodist Church at 8p for a FREE outdoor concert with
sweet story, morning glory.
latenightconfessions is trending and most of these people sound heartbroken.
Just got through watching Abducted for the first time and that is a great movie.
today I feel blah and slow, yet tonight I have to take a high stakes standardized test.
Crap.
Listening to interview right now.
Not that reaffirmation was needed, but Howard IS THE greatest interviewer!
Who had the bright idea to hold ALA10 in a 100 degree swamp?
Librarians don't keep well in the heat.
Cardigans will spontaneously combust.
shoulda put gilbert in the game!!
Give a nigga a chance!
The Vow was based on a true story!
Omg but it was cute.
is waiting for 's concession text but it's not over yet!
I dont have any at all now sir...
sorry...
if i did i would!
I call bullshit Ref!!!!!!
My 3year old just noticed a Maltese cross in an icon in my twitter feed.
Look, it's from a fire station!
That kid doesn't miss much.
What is the longest bike ride you have ever gone on?
What was the best and the worst part?
bachelorette homework priorities
Congrats, Jen!
RT As of May 14, I'll be joining as a senior editor to help launch their Chicago site.
:
we can help with that.
It just takes a little practice go get used to the ipad keyboard
I hate wearing my retainers :
Roy was AWFUL in Dallas so the thought of him being an upgrade is both sad for the current state of our WR corps and...
Retweet if u follow back
Tomb Raider 12 all time favs as well..nice to meet u.
The Hunger Games is trending!
I just finished the books and absolutely loved them!!
smfh how crazy is this girl for real..
im sorry i didn't know aswering every txt u send even when im busy means im ignoring u
I could've used a little more cowbell.
Team Odysseus making it out to Coachella Weekend 2!!!
Thank you for the mention.
It is now up to to move forward and show the leadership it has always shown.
Time for us old timers to step up
STFU.
K.
COOL.
BYE.
god justin bieber is too funny LMFAO!
Fill in the blanks.
My favorite ....
At thanksgiving is......
Because.....
M83 tonight!
Can't wait!
sweet!
Send 'em
Solitary Man ...
no crowd surfers yet.
Smith: Blathering about urban renewal without saying anything.
Now I know why he's not getting much time.
What he said  RT : will we be getting the announcements on the other events soon to save money on travel?
Me and chris have the same birthday :
I haven't had my daily dose of Rachel in like 2 days!
I gave the remote to Zoey.
She looked well.
and I are on the road.
It was a pleasure guys
MT Mexicos Tequila regulatory body says US surpassed MX as main Tequila consumer in the world in 2011, measured by volume
Exploiting someone's personal financial issues  insinuating that it negatively impacts their onfield legacy?
TODAY at 10AM
RT : Careful, girls, fat guys just want to get into your pantries holy shit this is golden
This needs to be the last night I stay up past two.
no way!!
What part?
Kind of shocked the Esquire has BOY right now.
I really enjoyed that one.
Why does our pussy hair grow faster then the hair on our head?
If it did go at that rate I'd have long Pocahontas hair!
Baxter you know I don't speak Spanish!
Fitting though since we're hitting the Mission: Shotwell's at 9!
cc
Need info.
on Austin Bice, the SDSU student gone missing in Spain...
if anyone knew him from school, family, etc.
tweet me
Running low on milk, so snuck a splash or three of Rumchata on to my Raisin Bran.
Your days are numbered, 1.
also commissioners can reverse pending trades if players get injured
u missed 420 on FB I looked for U toohigh for these tweet twats.
I def miss u too!
When do u work?
Ill come to your side
Rick James...
Supa Freak.
needs to stop walking around the ilab n do some work
I wish i had magic powers.
I would make food appear
did the bible really have 4 as a replacement of for.
These bible translators are getting lazy.
: you're such a babe
prom was the best!!
But if you never try, you will never know.
just followed ya!
nercomp Cost, accessibility, usability, effectiveness for tools for udl
Small to medium business, Vega Communications is offering 10 off first month of a social media campaign starting Feb.
1.
Stop by and register to win a free Rad1 digital xray system at WVC 2012 in Las Vegas!
We will be at booth 777 from 2/19  2/23!
Made it through the graduation w/out tears although I cried all day
I refuse to follow
Thank you:!
...frankly, i think bloopers and outtakes and commentary will be the best part!
On my way to phoenix for a couple days..forecast is 75 and sunny.
Oh yeah, enjoy that 50 degree Wednesday, Chicago.I'll bring ya back a tan.
what does one make with 2 fennel bulbs, 1 ridged gourd, 1 bottle gourd, a bunch of basil, garlic and 1/2 pound of shrimp?
Might have to repaint my room.
They say being surrounded by dark colors will cause depression.
Starting to feel it.
MY RUDOLF PIMPLE HURTS SO BAD.
I want to lose five pounds for summer!
I feel like guys are only attracted me when I'm blonde.
But I've only had sex as a brunette.
Sitting in a conference session with a paper cut.
Can't slip outwearing a bright blue shirt and 3 in heels Sasquach : I wish I was 5'2
Cracking me up as usual!
Can't wait to meet u IRL.
BTW we r bringing appetizers.
Check ur email :
Awesome services!
Perfect!
I'll power nap on the plane
black or something silver
lmao, sounds like a plan 
I love you too :
Of course you can  be my guest!
All the best for Christmas and New Year!
wow michael phelps how big was your bong rip before your lap?
cool things radio is off the hook haha
Yep, then I am already a part of the Yay Life tribe!
Even signed up for newsletter so I can get more yummy smiles.
Go me!
Hiccups is my body's retaliation for me having offended it in some way.
1st time running in 3 weeks, wow that was rough!
Gr8 to get back out there though.
Torrey Pines Beach was beautiful as usual 70 degrees ;
take a pic
I work out.
Last stats lecture.
It's been a ride.
god i wanna lick you!
Are they going to blame Messi for this one?
lol.
I know I did.
But if he disowns , he'll only have one rock star left!
3WordsForYou let's talk now :
this is one of the most interesting basketball seasons ever..
Learn how to convert the negative power of pressure into the positive power of perserverance.
Did BGC8 make u gag???
Ha I almost threw up watching that umpa lumpa Gia
AP government super study seshhh at Starbucks with my girls!
ON THE RADIO...
OH OH OH
Welcome to the Foster.ly directory, Your listing has been approved.
i may or may not be home :/ but youre more than welcome to if you want.
have a great hump day!!
Looking forward to the game at 5pm PST!!
: Makes me think of Minus The Bear meets Head Automatica  Facing New York!
Very impressed...
Kimbra knows Facing New York?!?
In honor of President's Day, did you know that every U.S.
President has stayed in our Presidential Suite?
You're welcome love your work, thanks for the shout out!
Thursday night at 8pm Est
who fucks wit lil b?
Nigga gets no luv from my city
Gotta work all week
Mt Vernon Sq looks sharp with all the beds mulched and the flowers coming into boom!
Life is hard but with God's love it makes everything better.
Life is short, so have fun work hard n live right WITH GOD!
my goodness I'm going to murder that boy
The trends were seeing abt socent is that is starting to see more collaboration !
Holiday tip: if you're having people over for a small party, you aren't obliged to serve the same meal we've been eating since the 50s.
burned 200 calories doing 35 minutes of Strength training
We even extend our services to care for patients suffering from Alzheimers disease and other forms of agerelated dementia
prolly after this series
Another day another dollar
Food Truck Stops: October 19
John Elway just proved he can be an NFL exec and knows what it takes to win a SB.
He ignored Tebowmania and the fans uneducated opinion.
nice egg picture.
its hot
as long as gabbert and locker are starting qb's in your division...colts gauranteed at least 2 wins.
Join Our Face Book Page To Get Updates and Specials..........
www.KingOfFitteds.com
God blake Griffen.
Somehow I think your hot
I try to think in terms of breaking my own stuff into smaller tasks.
But biggerpicture thinking feels harder to do...
That's probably what I would do if I were you.
And no way!
Add me, I have one.
:o
We just nosy righty???
u need to become famous and do something bout it if u rly wanna give the message out there
Has anyone sang Make You Feel My Love Adele version yet?
I believe you can do a beautiful rendition of this song.
: If John Beck is even half the man Grossman is, he's still going to throw way too many interceptions.
Omg!
love !!
so happy right now!:
Best Buy unable to fulfill some holiday orders.
Have you had an issue?
Pls email .
that was beautiful.
thank you.
I wish I could follow you x2.
don't text your girlfriend your breaking up with her guy....it's a douche move
scrapple is not just for old people, ya know!?!?
;
I'm in!
And kitty is fed which is of course most important thing.
I love Everything Is Sound3
biotch.....
I have a bruise from yesterday!!
Thanks a lot...
haha :I
Please follow and we follow 100 back : Love u all :
It's been a while but Roman Polanski is back.
Somebody's 'bout to get diamondize.
i wish it was spring already.,..four more weeks until my sixteenth birthday:
Trying to live the questions.
starting oxyelite pro tomorrow 
ain't you a sweetie?!?
: BBN loves you and feels blessed by the choice you made too!
Brewing beer, doctornking beer  eating food on a patio on a gorgeous night.
Amazing.
At least they haven't changed the Lombardi trophy.
Good Morning everyone and Happy Sunday ;
So I'll have the text completed in 4 weeks :
we never gave up n never will.
will always be n our hearts.
U made it to our soul.
Always a bh 4 life!
Got it?
Loveu
House of Pain private show !
Great midnight screening of ID4
I promise I got a couple
Thank you!!!
What would you do if you ran into carrying a suitcase full of mac  cheese?
Glisten/Listen
I'm only happy when it rains.
Hi all, Nate here, your friendly Health IT geek!
Excited to see at the helm tonight!
Chiharu Shiota creates some of the most heavenly installation art of our time.
What a a great birthday present from
With our UPass special, even starving students can eat!
Just 5.95 for a one topping pizza and 16 oz doctornk w/your UPass.
Hello need too win .
Mitt
oh ok
Will be thinking DaDaism.
You know you want to as well.
Rob Gronkowski...is this really news....no but neither is 90 of the crap the media puts in our face daily
thanks for the follow!
great store
I would!!
but im on following limit.
as soon as i get off i will follow you : xox
Know of anyone in the Charlotte area looking for a relaxed work environment?
We're now hiring Sales Representatives and Software developers.
legalmarketing tip for the day: When sending an invitation to someone to link in with you, CUSTOMIZE it.
Remind them how they know you.
Owning a vehicle is not just a  its a must
not u, Nic  100 percent terrible ref calls.
Just to clarify, that price is after tax AND delivery fee!
hey dude really?
I did not know ur friends harassed?
I have the right 2 share my opinions just like you do.
thank u!
...And thanks for the follow back.:
Oh I figured lmao..
but yeahh I work at Golden Coral now  I hate that shit already but I need that Money lol
Will this rain ever stop???
At least make it cold enough to snow!
I need to shred
Incidentally, my followback is 100  have even earned the instantfollowbackgradea stamp from instantfollowback.com : :
On the set as a standin.
Very interesting.
Can't wait to be the one actually playing a role!
But I'm grateful for the job!
Remind Arian and his cool hat that Sizzle, Ray and company are ready to hold him to 47 yards rushing Sunday!
Media event with TODAY 11am here at Rady 3020 Childoctorn's Way: how to prevent
WeWontWork if you cheat  lie
what do you think of core games on the iOS?
I think the iOS already has its version of core
Prayers  condolences to the family of one of the 's greatest linebackers to ever play the game..
JuniorSeau ....
R.I.P.
In first block, priscilla's making me a fishtail braid :3
Going to sandfest in the killer oregon dunes
way too nervous to even talk to hm
Having sweet yea out of a mason jar and playing The Sims 2.
Awesome.
:
RT GP4 IS COMING UP!!!!!!
AH 12.3.2011 THEM EVIL WITH THE END OF THE YEAR PARTY!!!
Hehe!
Wonder what the money on Capello taking over at Liverpool is?
;
Just smashed a dance team comp.
studio team  school team.
...and pistols pounded flat to avoid the probing finger of prurient ballistic experts.
FF to support a wonderful and worthwhile causepairing service dogs with military veterans.
SFers: jazz tonight at Pier 23 on the bay with me, Ollie Dudek on bass  Bryan Bowman on doctorms, 69.
Will my chops hold up?
COME FIND OUT!
are AWESOME!
Nuf said
I think I wanna go bak natural
When my boyfriend let's me jam to 1D in his car
I should have learned spanish...
Home finally amazing
Get into it Las Vegas.
RT come on down to tonight.
9pm for
Hehe, great minds think alike!
:D
You definitely need to go to next year it was a blast, you can always catch a mini maker faire!!
Terrific visits through Crittenden and Caldwell counties...big crowd for lunch at the home of great friends Judge and mister Tommy Chandler.
Midlakes Basketball: Double sessions ended tonight.
Incredible intensity in the gym for 3 days...it's what we expect.
Wish I were there.
If we can help any of your projects, in any way, let us know.
why the hell did Moreno celebrate?
It's like the buffs rushing the field.
Think Dan hawk and mcd r buddies?
Just read lines for  won't be quitting my job as a writer any time soon.
I'm leaving the acting to you.
you are so beautiful and I am and always will be a fan of yours!!
:D 3
bummer....
Let me know what you think, did you know the lighter the roast the stronger the coffee
My car is in the shop  time for a timing belt and water pump replacement.
I knew about this  saved up for it.
Hope they get done today.
Lol someone hit the electric pole right in front of my subdivision...
Half of O'fallon has no power...
At least its not my side.
Just discovered a new app called 'Whatsapp' for FREE SMS texting anywhere in the world!
Cost 0.99 only!
Check it out.
Food picture posting marathon!
Come visit our Umami booth on Sunday 11am7pm at the Willy Street Fair!
We'll have pork buns and dumplings.
Pls RT!
congrats to Ben , in mere minutes slated to become doctor Ben.
Off to the postdefense reception momentarily!
Wealth is finding love in yourself...
finding an unlimited amount of divine energy at the core of your being  sharing it w/EVERYONE
watch after credits on iron man and captainamer
Jeopardy is the only thing on :
vally or city side
A very successful day of skiing
Brother  I are comparing the worst functional spec I ever got from a client before Passover dinner.
Dodgeball game tonight with the DodgeballWives with their rainbow colors!
no I'm not your cuz'n
it's very nice out.
The lunch specials at Thai Cuisine II are unreal.
my aunt will tear down the house if kentucky wins, sucks bein surrounded by ky fans.
haha.
Was because his coach said he would give him a chance and back him for one more season.
so did her fat thighs and tramp stamp
I love a hand that meets my own with a grasp that causes some sensationF.S.
Osgood
So I am supposed to have a meeting with a music producer and then my phone wont turn on smh, this is ridic!
Wana club tonight ..
Not a fan of google when they remove the search bar at the bottom of the page of results and only have it at the top
GOKINGSGO Absolutely love watching and rooting for LA at a sports bar with This team is taking the NHL by storm!!
Watching Chopped, one Chef's take on the 4 mystery ingredients: My strategy is to just start cooking all 4 things.
That took some guts.
My 16th birthday has always been something I doctoramed about...
he break the news to the team yet?
i lie awake just to convince myself this wasnt just a doctoram
WhenItGetsAwkward and you pull out your phone lmao
he did wat
Ty for the s/o's Vlad!
TGIF, and cheers.:
Sketching my country girl anime x
Great NCSL conference with umwleads..now back to reality.
And 3 exams.
Space tonight with
Is it terrible that I'm 30 and I still look at some people and think,I wanna shake the shit outta you, betch!???
Gah!
Phony hoes...
clearly southwest Chuy texted me from a plane to complain about leg room.
How close can those seats be?
He doesn't need much
Big diamond theft ring busted..
find out what brought down the crooks' house of cards in about 4 minutes.
KGW!!!
So of Ravens reach Super Bowl, it'll be Harbaugh Bowl or SB XXXV rematch.
Cool but big if.
I live next to the mall
Kia glue cake swag
Good Morning
Four Seasons Resort Vail announces new team members
You cant be a basicbitch or a bitterbitch following or because yo feelings well get hurt daily
Good day with my wife so far life groups start soon
Chill mode the day is going by rather smooth I must say
Start the school year out on a good foot treat your tots to some new kicks courtesy of JeanTherapy kids!
You are not alone cousin.
I also do not know what an Oxford comma is.
OMG they're in love OF COURSE
Metta world peace is crazy ass hell
Do you know what happened when abortion was illegalized people performed illegal abortions w/ no medical degree lots died
wow just found out that a humanbeast where kissing each other...do they know that beastiality is wrong
i would but i dont know where any r:
can you open a feedback thread so we can follow up?
Watching Polar Express with the wife and kidlets.
Fun movie, but the faces of the chracters creep me out.
Superman, do you really even exist?
Firehook Bakery  Coffee House has the best coffee in the Farragut Square area!
Thanks for the follow !
Great game today.
All doctorssed!
Heading over 2 Sundance 4 the big premiere of the film PRICE CHECK.
Looking forward to hanging out w/
: hope you ready boou know I am :
I hav literally watched my life flash before my eyes 3 times today 8/ I think I just made a record
Thanks much for the follow, Tammy.
i just like to know what im capable of.
and if its something im proud of, yep, im human, i want to tell the world!
: 
Sutton: still hard for society publishers to move to OA because so much of income tied to subscriptions.
My birthday is in 10 days and it would be the best birthday of my life if u would follow me : I would never forget it
DYK?
TGI delivers creative integratedmarketing support services to Fortune500 leaders using print media  latest multimedia technologies.
I don't think it's funny :B
That boi is HELLA lyrical..
He be spittin some deep a metaphors that a average minded person would never get!
Realtalk!
Romans 4:8 KJV Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin.
Please let me know your thoughts on the DAMSCOUT app.
It's an ongoing project so opportunity to improve.
is Delicious your social bookmarking site of preference, if not, what is?
and does it replace all your local bookmarks?
I want to travel somewhere during the summer.
The doctor Oz show always seems like an infomercial anyone else think the same??
Working with kids is rough man...
I'm patient but not very entertaining.
Peanut butter and jelly swirled in one jar was a phenomenal idea.
I dedicate this status to the individual behind that initial movement.
I know we don't really talk, but I hope you're okay.
I'm sorry you went through that.
:
doctors appointment in a week.
Pretty much just have to doctorve over there to be sent for an mister to see if I have a ruptured disk
nite!!
: sweet doctorams!!
Take a look around.
Tears from they eyes, knees on the ground.
Money in the sky, take a look around.
We love CXWORX too!
Definitely a good allover toning class.
No doubt you will look great for your wedding!
www.inventorymagazine.com  A Curation of Ideas in Product, Craft  Culture ...
beautiful!
Not the first time, won't be the last.
I start each day telling Jesus how much I love Him, and reflecting on how much He loves me.
Makes the day so much more meaningful.
RT : Be sure to
I'm a personal trainer  engineer!
I'm what ever I want to be due to the sciences, especially math and physics!
Go boy!
Be still my heart: Maybe, just maybe, my wife  I will actually have a minidate tonight, away from the homestead and yung'un.
WOOT
Walker city racist, left it deeper in debt, now paying more interest  Best cared for MKE,:by Barrett  Recall
what means ultimate?
there is no one win them all thing, social media should be used together with traditional marketing
Dodgers take the lead 21 over the brewers in the top of the 5th.
can you try logging in now please?
sucks so bad!
Hate that!
Sorry you are dealing with that :
Time to stock up on promo materials.
About to go on a binge...
at least most of its free!
New Beth Moore series I am listening to, the passion and love she has, is amazing.
My is is part of my was, AMEN!!
i do my speech on school about you..
I can tell my classmates how you RT me!!
Please!
You do my speech and me a favor
Erase it!
Gotta move on!
Slowly but surely getting pissed the fuck off
Chanting you can't beat us at the Ed of a game isn't good enough.
Grow a pair and chant it at the start of games.
The Big House cuz a dose of reality once and awhile never hurt anyone
No, I was there around 5.
But most chefs didn't have food ready then.
we have to label the weird things you boys do, to make gossiping easier.
duh
Finna go home and eat , Shoot !
trying to figure out skype or whatever the f its called
You free for a news interview now?
LOL it must be a Mediterraneeen thing
RT : Name that tune: Like a phoenix baby I'll survive  blaze the sky now that you're out of my life takn a guess: moving on?
Theyll probably never do business with you, and they wont refer you any new clients or customers
Signs you are a theaterperson: feeling inordinately excited about prospect of seeing a 3:45 production of an 80 year old play.
motherhood is a primal experience, isn't it?
More love than u could have ever imagined.
Congratulations!
Expecting, myself!
boo!
Missed this.
Did you get chicken  waffles?
We're they everything you've ever doctoramed of?
Aw damn, Frank Ocean
where can I find more info about this?
As a pet mom, I think this idea has a lot of potential
They took the scaffolding down on our corner and now we've lost our visual landmark for the turn onto our street.
Katniss Everdeen's Leather Hunting Boots Can Now Be Yours!
Ology
Hey go follow she follow back,!
Production meeting over, editors marching away to plan for next week.
Designers still plugging away.
Pages by 9pm?
We can hope.
Happy Birthday to owner Pierto!
Cant wait to celebrate it at the after party for our show Tomorrow!
Yeah Pierce is in bad shape.
That 3 he hit was a miracle.
You know it.
Well, what better place than Chicago?
You're in LA?
I'm coming down there soon!
Ah!!
So exciting!
Soo freaking sleepy.
I had a good day yesterday.
and Nneka tomorrow!
Join the Portland PDX Social Network and Share Events at www.Facebook.com/ThingsToDoinPortland  Your place to promote local events!
is kicking off nutrition week w/ friends.
Follow 5thbday conversation to learn how solving hunger begins w/ nutrition.
This new album from is going to blow everyone's mind.
It's so refreshing to hear a voice like his over a beat so perfect.
ps: bring a pillow.
:
RT : Why do you stay in prison when the door is so wide open?
Rumi
that's pretty funny.
Good riddance
I got u, now following
But, how do you measure?
Examples.
: There is a lot we can measure.
: EveryoneHasThat1Friend that can make you smile regardless of how bad you may be feeling.
u guys :
Honor someone today who has impacted your life.
A phone call, personal card, lunch...it doesn't how you do it as much as you doing it.
Working hard on tunes to be sure you are workin' it on the dance floor.
Thank you so much for your support :
now im in Geomerty again lol but im a TA so i get to nothing AGAIN!
Yikes!
Well all you can do is have that confidence and move onto the next!
I waited on the bourbon and eggnog cafe but I am having me some tonight.
Hope you are well I miss talking to you on Twitter
Thank you for being an inspiration!!!
Sweet!
Well hopefully I'll be around :
Their Is A Difference Between A Break And A Break Up.
Uho, the suns about to come up.
Like James Brown says, I can't do no mo', I can't go on.
Back to my coffin.
I burned myself on the neck by the curling iron  now it's pinkish purple and my mom thought it was a hickey and she got mad
In teaching you cannot see the fruit of a day's work.
It is invisible and remains so, maybe for twenty years.
Jacques Barzun
Lets get it started!
practiced those DLC songs like Milkshake?!
Now that's dedication!
The awkward moment when the GPS tells a gay guy to go straight.
Is it me or Is it weird to post a pic of your kid at the dentist, mouth wide open in the chair.
How about a little privacy for your child.
She's in the trunk of my old car, where nobody will hear her assault on music again.
usually just a normal day for me :
Ran into a former colleague at a client's daily standup.
What a small agile world!
Agreed.
Beastie Boys were one of the few urban acts, black or white, to stay true to the hip hop style of rap.
This is gunna be a bullshit free summer
Damn its like if you have a shitty life, you wake up every morning and its still shitty!
take me back to the good life!!
Finna smash a couple pancakes tho.
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
Arthur C.
Clarke
OH YEEESSSS MY BBY FAVORITED MY TWEET.
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU'RE HOT 
: Females are the most sneakiest unloyal creatures on planet earth !
lmao and nikkas ain't shit
3 hours until I'm inducted into .
I've always had a Groucho Marx approach to groups, but an Honor Society?
I feel so smart.
LOL Just impressed that you have literate childoctorn.
So many WBC seem to have spelling and grammar issues...
NowWithAlex would only finish selling America off as he did with Co., he overtook!
Anyone know how Atlanta got in the playoffs?
What a joke lol
Hdoctorcamera app does that
I will retweet your tweet if you retweet one of mine!
RT : Thanksgiving fun: send a vegetarian to do the pickup at the honeybaked ham shop.
Then ask what it smelled like.
Qaddafi was killed by a predator missle.
Having played MW2 and targeted by every one of those an opponent ever launched, I feel his pain.
And they pick a terrible 28 yr old QB at that...
Wild N Out could never get old
no prob glad it was of use
Work hard, dont stop, think about it, just keep doin what you do best....
No more country concert, lets go to space instead, need food asap
that's the attitude I like to say this but I feel I will someday ...
C:
I feel like a clandestine country girl when hosted at fancy restaurants.:
lol I saw you in that Miller Commercial.
I'm like Whoah...
Is that..
Holy fuck that's Jason.
'Grats on teh fame.
Ward
Feature story: Assembling art
it's all about Nightwolf with that alternate costume RT liu kang's fucking fight sounds piss me off.
what up
This is a future model of democracy tilting its laws and policies towards conspicuous consumption without challenge.
Ignorance is NOT bliss.
Learn more about the signs of child abuse and neglect so you can help proactively report it
Throwing money in the air like I don't really care...
yeah, standing on the chair like I don't really care
Thanks for the reminder!
Just uploaded to our ChoirPlace professorle!
word of the day: milksop
happy birthday!
I just got doctor stalker and yes I can as ringtones on my phone!
I am just saying : haha
Thx!
RT : Mentioned your series in a post on voice in fiction.
Hannah's voice is completely her own!...
feeling a lot better emotionally and cognitively after a good long run
Pokemon Black is super fun!!!!
Be sure to come out and check us out at booth 1013 at the tomorrow!
We will be showing some demos and giving away a free iPad!
Sigh of relief at seeing my grades...my attendance has been spotty so I was worried.
Not the absolute best but not flunking or making Ds.
the small group case discussion sessions are starting now.
everyone is a little nervous because this is a tough group to work with.
I love u darling:
i have three separate to do lists on my desk right now, and nothing overlaps on any of them.
one is even titled life to dos.
good news!
There will be an even number of students for paired programming as I am also sick today :/
I think there's a recruit who is deciding between WI and ISU.
If Uthoff goes to ISU, the recruit might too.
in every direction there's smoke, and you're speaking of homes
get them good tonight.
Kill the dirty birds
It's SO cold 
Sounds like fun times!!!
I miss ya Mama Bear!
I need my bestie!
Hope to come up soon.
thnks x the follow
Taking a break at work, what's good twitted?
See the TGA Program for kids or loved ones that are traveling any where in the World.
Can't wait to get home
I remember I always took snacks to school, that's why I had big purses:p
You were a child rapper?
I cannot for the life of me comprehend why men have more advice for girls/women than for boys/men.
Direct your traffic, stay out of our lane
you will never be former anchor as far as I'm concerned.
Wait...
that sounds weird.
Uh...
Want to play golf soon?
yeah...
it was lots of fun despite the studying :
heimlich maneuver to purple men
Glad can remind me why I never fly them anymore
Feeling well rested this morning.
Nice to have a night off to stay at home.
A real relationship has: fights, trust, faith, tears, pain, argument, patience, secrets, jealousy, and love
wow are you serious ?
thats crazy
I dislike cats .
Thanks for the follow!
how many of my seattle peeps like the music of Rush?
They're playing the Key Arena in November.
interested?
austin gettin sexier?
i dont think it is possible he's already unbelievably sexy i think id die if he got sexier
are u sure he doesnt..?
Never Hire a Social Media Expert Expecting Results Normally, I cruise around to links my friends share with me and various topics spark a
sand island beach park
Feel...
do not fight the
Now I want beer  pretzels.
Got so distracted I didn't even finish reading your tweet.
god bles me man
I thank you for sharing the list of geek gifts.
My wallet does not.
bit.ly/tZhsib
I haven't.
I didn't know one existed.
I will check that out!
Thanks.
FBCD breakout alert!!!
Green days till at least the end of the month!!!
GLTA FBCD!!!
up at oakbrook park in menomonee falls
Indeed, those are two things I am always ready for.
Giddy up!
Ditto.
RT : Good morning Coffee.
I love you.
no one said you weren't supposed to.
I'd love to find a job via How cool?
No cover letters/resume.
Just Hey...
We're looking for an online marketer.
Interested?
love her
RT: With courage greater than your fear, jump into the unknown and you will fly.
Cyndy Brown inspirational SWAGG
I get home from work and my daddy said it must've got hot today cause you smell almost like your brother.
In others words: you stink.
i'm so done with boys from my school, my boyfriends are , and 3
is watching High School Musical in class.
No, not kidding.
Let's not tell mommy this is what her 15k a year is paying for.
that scarf is pretty badass!
Digital publishing will use data not only to doctorve engagement but also to determine what content to publish  The future of 2.0 data.
We can send it to you in the UK via amazon.
Email your addy 2 .
We'll see how much shipping will be for you.
I met BBop on Craigslist.
I'm super tired, I am going to sleep.
sheaintwifeymaterial if she aint keeping her foot game right this summer...looking like she be laying bricks with her feet
sent you a reply on FB.
Please just respond on there.
Thanks.
Ringz.TV Users: Are you downloading either Viddy or Socialcam?
Especially, do not eat a doctorppy cone when you are doctorving a stickshift.
RT : dibs in 6 months!/you got it
Explain why
900 an day light this sucks
'expediate'  to travel or to make a process easier?
gracias mi google translate haha.
Pinto is an icon in the old school music scene in Boise.
He was more famous in Europe!
GREY'S TIME!:D
KTF!
Happy Friday!!!
everytime i hear Boyfriend on the radio I get hyper as fuck lol cant wait for the video.
i love u
California is a fine place to live  if you happen to be an orange.
Phillip Phillips is phenomenal!
omg how you know ?D:
as much as possible  it's hard but worth the trouble.
I didn't try har enough in Minneapolis  feel like i need 2 return
good morning
Good job, Philly!
Bye Bye Now is a nice short juxtaposition to connectedthefilm don't pass if up if you have a chance at one of the festivals
It's a beautiful day for a blowjob
15M wa, Negative ads wa, 15M wa, Est.wa, Romney's mean wa, 15M wa...
15M wa Newt strategy
sea If you had your own talk show, who would your first three guests be?
If your favorite music celebrity suddenly shows up on the red carpet in a seethru doctorss, chances are, record sells are low.
Can't wait for BC Hockey next year
meeh!: do you?
foster the people...they have that one song, pumped up kicks...might recognize it if you heard it
Btw I haven't been able to say it yet, but HAPPY...late...BIRTHDAY !!!
RT : Crepes w/ fresh strawberries.
mothersday!
I wimped out and didn't make the deviled eggs to take to dinner later.
Now I regret it.
Hungry.
Superbowl time is happy time!
I've always loved football parties!
What does it say along the top?
is wondering if she and El caught the same cold.
I CANT WAIT FOR THE VMA'S....
LOL.
If I seize control of the LA FWY, I can force every head of state to surrender.
Happy Monday!
Looking for something good for lunch?
Try our Mongolian Beef for 8.50!
Making the turn at 1.
Haven't practiced but for playing a few times this year.
Just finished a documentary on a tribe called quest.
Not really sure how I feel about.
When is Say Somethin going to be on Itunes????:
Wouldn't it be cool for the Bills to get Jeffery so he could go up against Gilmore in practice?
text me, yeah bro?
Checking out FC Dallas tomorrow night in Frisco.
Should be a great match against New England
Whipschainsslavery...
WhipschainsMONEYfree
Thrilled to have Winestyles Montclair as a company team in the Race for Hope DC!
Thanks for your support.
thanks !
I appreciate it
orphans8 Interesting how both the Philly film collective  the LA Rebellion filmmakers understood films they made in opposition to H'wood
enjoy!
We LOVE rock climbing!
On any other day I would complain about loud construction.
Today I wonder if there's a march going by.
TOMORROW: Butterscotch Baby will b vending  Milwaukee Public Market 103pm located on the second floor atrium.
Oh vomit doctorfts, such a nasty aftertaste until you clean up.
Most things got said.
A personal beef: moderates selfcongratulating themselves in general.
let's show dallas the only Football played in Texas is Cowboys
Focus on approach goals.
Avoidance goals are too negative, makes teams play
Niall would never date me...
D: 'Cause I don't like fried chicken...
anytime!
Have a great day ;
Thank you!
OG Just Called Me.!
FAIL irstttemptnearning
Last Laptop Repair in Pittsburgh: Replace entire HP Pavilion DV9000 LCD Assembly and hinges, Plus Wipe computer of Viruses and Malware
It's ok to wakeandbake if I do the dirty breakfast dishes after.
thank you Pandora for knowing exactly what to say when...
that's fun what did you eat?
Lol
for sure man ill def check em out
the password used to be gator68 but now its change and i have no fucking clue what it is god danm parents
once the story took root in my mind I never really noticed the 3D anymore either...
This supermoon is overrated.
how you can wake up so quickly?
omg :O
: RT : ff Some great live music supporters
This Orange Juice Taste Like Ew Somethin' That's Not Orange Juice
The truck will be Fri  Sat for the challenge weekend activities.
Swing by  support
yuck none by me...even on Cinco De Mayo no me gusta Guacamole....
lol
hockey season.
go
Great season man!
I just got a signed jersey of urs from a friend  it made me think, could I possibly send u an 8x10 and...
Its friday!
Holy shit...
:D
Damn, thats real
Unreal show
Awesome Bulls game!!!
Congrats to JohnLucas the MVP.
oh did you just woke up or something?
;; I'm being attacked by a maltese !
You mean that there were Nonconformist in Wales...can't imagine that.
let's do herbivore.
If anyone knows dietary restrictions, it's me.
I've been wanting to try
you were a beautiful zombie!
Think I'm gonna zombie next year.
BTW finally jumped on echofon, too many glitches in the official twitter app 
s'ok ...
glad you met so many people ...
I'll check in with them
Good grief
Need a little pep before the big game?
Why not stop by Mocha's and gear up with our Cookies  Cream Blast?
oh I like yo
I'm seeing pictures of the new Man Utd jerseys on my TL .
Has someone from The Bay City Rollers designed these ?
TartanReally?
Im working a double tomorrow..
Kinda forgot how it feels to work one..
But i know my check is fina catch that BANK :P
Exploring the natural mystics for the sequel, Cherry Gardens.
come over tomorrow dude
Still 1  0?
I had tickets but we didn't go.
I love reading everyone's tweets/statuses about prom!
I hope everyone likes what we did this year!
If you are an artist and for a place to record StarBoy is where it's at.
One should ideally visit their ophthalmologist once a year, but if there is a problem with your eyes, visit sooner!
glad to help lead discussion on Gallaudet student involvement in Ward 5 community.
I'm psyched!
Pull off the upset, Green Bay!
So now that the three day weekend is over, what's the LTDArmy up to the rest of the week?
Is a sockmaking machine!
Two pair knit in a month  I'm halfway through sock 1 of another pair!
glad you are making money its all about information and you know the Vault on information I have MLB NBA tonight
On a more entertaining note I wish I could let this stripper know how dumb she is but she's feelin the homie.
Smh
Publish your Mags,Catalogs and ,Brochures on iPad,get your iPad app done  let us know at
Where's the poor people section in whole foods?
I'm tired of giving S/O's but if u follow me I will list u
The sea, and the frsh air are a healthy combination.
Do you also practice healthy eating.
I love green tea.
Do you doctornk it?
About to go head out  go promote
Back in the saddle again...
Manchester United News: Gary Neville praises Hodgson39;s ...
yep you can still get general, pref is sold out.
RT Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear.
John Lennon
ha how fun would that be!!?
Hopefully soon :
3WordsForYou I trust Jesus
Enjoy the harbor cruise, BU seniors!
I can't sleep, because it's too hot.
But I have to have my blankets.
That Q is very relevant to a lot of news stories out there today.
What are your thoughts?
Writing may be some sort of weird offshoot of Stockholm syndoctorme.
Somebody txt me im bored is fu..
If interested send auditions to MUST HAVE AUDIOBOOK NARRATION EXPERIENCE!
Happy Monday ppl.
Ima start this week of right.....
RT : ISTE12 Accept/Regret notices are going out for the ISTE2012 conference today!
RT : Big meeting/audition this week?
Plan something fun for right afterwards.
It'll bring life and perspective to the meeting.
Today's special is Elvis Pancakes!
Try something newpeanut butter, banana, and bacon.
So bad, but so so good, just like the King!
Man we might've just found a doctoram apt
my tennis coach decided to run the kids clinic from 123 because she thought it would be too cold in the morning :O I'm gonna melt
Thx!
Hopefully we just won't need it :
I love you too babe ;
A.05 I think I just got a shoutout from dj Craig Saper
yes!
I am going to tweet the newsletter.
I think that is the best way to explain it.
Girls that curl there hair 
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!

Loved the CoachellaLive feed of the James show.
Still got it.
What happened to our D?
Heat need to stop playing and get some energy while defending
Band practice today w/new guitar player and doctormmer.
Been writing tons of new songs too :
Great to hear you say that!
Will you be at ICDC again?
Life is a trip.
Time cannot take, the faith that I will keep
We love more followers!
Something came up.
I have a teleconference this evening with coworkers in India about a server move.
I catch you another time.
You know it.
It's the closest thing to a vacation I might have all summer.
Mad respect and His towel, but damn I hope the niners bring down my doppelgnger and steely mates.
What about Lola
thank you for following me and can u please RT RN20 its for my bestfriend who took his own life please it would mean alot
All i want to do is meet the lawrence arms...
doing good 14.
How about you?
Then embrace the change Darling Clark!
Each turn, each bump only makes us stronger!
And you www.clarkcoffey.com are amazing!
Robert K.
Krick's nominee for POTY1862...
Thomas J.
Stonewall Jackson.
Tune in to CSPAN3 right now to hear his lecture.
you getting your skank squad together today?
you went into my classroom today in 4th period, and I wave Hi and you didn't see me :
Apparently I ask too much of somebody who ain't ever here.
Screening Zombie Rocker  The Saturday Nightmares Expo NJ today!
I'm jealous!
You don't dance to real hip hop..no snappin...no crankin....just head noddin till your neck hurts!
it's not crazy that she could be preggers,Get your foot out your mouth ,lol
LOTR return of the king extended
we'd love to talk to you about teachers using Snip.it to create a studentcentered learning community.
you guys need to get the smokin hot April Macie to the Ville!
Pitching matchup at Flour Bluff is Lucas Humpal for Bluff and Zach Cruz for PL Calhoun.
Ross Carter is in at 3B for Bluff, hitting 3rd.
known him since 8th grade haha lord seems forever ago.
small world keeps getting smaller I swear.
milwaukee HAPPY HOLIDAYS UNLIKE MOST STORES WE ARE CLOSED TOMORROW TO CELEBRATEWE ARE PROUD OF IT!
LIFE OUTSIDE OF WORK IS IMPORTANT!!!
HD adoption by Hispanic TVnetworks is much lower than the average across all TV networks: 36 vs.
63.
Q:i heard yall the whip cream in agusta are yall bringin sum to macon?
A: no we dont do that no more i think lol.
The Breeders , Tom Tom Club
Father: Why did you put a toad in your sister's bed?
Son: I couldn't find a spider.
Looks like were going to get home in time for super bowl half time.

Just saw Neil from all the Neil's Finance Plaza funny thing my dad coached his sons in wrestling.
They went to my church 2
If uncertainty is unacceptable 2U, it turns into fear.
If its perfectly acceptable, it turns in2 increased aliveness, alertness creativity
Austin Rivers declared for 2012NBAdoctorft Blazers 10th pick?
Maybe.
It's a beautiful day in Phoenix!
Supposed to get up to 90 by Monday...
About to go enjoy some Popeyes Chicken
it all started when i won a bag of candy today for selling ads...
then it just went downhill
LADYGAGA LOOK A MESS.
N LL COOL J LOOK YOUNG
Jazz vs Cavs.
What a game.
That was a ridiculous ending
It's nothing like a good burger lol
Lol No problem!
I started to ask Sean's middle name but I thought better of it...
Really want to go see the avengers
thought they were one in the same, non?
Join us this Friday evening at 6 p.m.
for a short family performance by Eastman School of Music students followed by a QA session.
Autumn arrives in early morning, but spring at the close of a winter day.
Elizabeth Bowen
It's Thursday in Augusta.
At my first Dallas women in accounting event.
Definitely a much different group than my political peeps.
Night everyone :
But did he where a bowtie?
tonite's summer supper: grilled chix thighs with mister Dash Caribbean Citrus seasoning, grilled okra and cuke/tomato/pepper/chive salad.
yum.
why the last day???
Also coming by OTR tonight?
Coming up right now, The Nun, with The Morning After Show, your little does of redemption!
Helping you recover from your weekend, she...
Thank god for xanax or I'd be punching everyone out in this library
When MSW told fans JYD would need new way to feed his family, fans sent in thousands of , mostly ones and fives
Nah.
Lion's great.
I was just grousing.
Its never the platform, its always the message.
Im  my yob i cant wate for 7am i get off
Injury accident at College and Futrall.
Traffic lights are down and there's a big backup.
Finished, long day!
Laura Rossi was fabulous, really talented at comedy.
keep an eye out for her...
Excited and enjoy your stuff!
:
RT Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes.
Art is knowing which ones to keep.
Scott Adams
syquest disc!
wow.
i think i still have one of those with my old band's first album artwork on it.
in pagemaker, i think.
this is the part of me that you're never gonna ever take away from me...
I love starbucks c:
RT Trying to fight a cold, start a new diet and a new exercise program.
I need extra energy
hey Qua haven't talked 2 u n a min, kiss my nephew 4 me :
3 thank you !!
Ask for referrals at every meeting  you will never be lacking for sales, customers  references.
leadership SeanLetwat
We've just marked down most of our merchandise!
Come check out the great deals on gift items!
Back onset, taping more scenes of The Bedwarmer!
Great way to start a new month.
depends on coworker.
Usually I just read anyway and don't notice people around me.
Am goin to T.R.U N da fall
You may not always end up where you thought you were going, But you will always end up where you were meant to be.
Just purged my email from 65 full to 34 full.
i just passed by a street that is called ''GRANDVIEW''!
:D
lol ya, just what I need another show to add to my list lol I have too many already, my DVR is full!!
Lol
dad, what are you doing?
IT'S SHARK WEEK.
Stock market earnings this coming week: Adobe, Nike, Oracle, KB Homes, Bed Bath Beyond...
I respect that dude with 100,000 putting it on Alpha.
I'm not for Alpha even though that would make me wrong.
In fairness I am talking about the South Station T stop, which is indecipherable, not the train station itself.
I say  is the best BSer ever says No, is the Philosophy major.
the image I just got in my head  lol
SomeoneIWantToMeet This crazy ass girl 3
Agreed.
Shaq doesnt have much to offer, but Hawks could use him at least to just move Horford to PF.
ikr!
Its been way to long
God bless for another day!
Motivated Mondays, let's get folks.
S/O to all my followers new and old thank u so much for the support
Whoever is doing this spam shit needs their ASS BEATEN F OFF U TWIT!!!
yeah my bad forgot to mention you
I think she should run and let Mittens stay home with the kids.
Alright, time for more CatchingFire.
Gotta see how Katniss deals...
I going to DC for vacation so I will be using my Amex card out of state.
Do I need to notify Amex so fraud is not suspect?
Installing a new 1tb HD in my MacBook to replace the old 80gb one.
Stressful but hopefully totally worth it.
I usually have to wake up at like 6:30 for school but tonight i'm free and I'm gonna cuddle into my snuggie and relax!
Jesus was a carpenter, Yeezy lay beats/Hova flow the Holy Ghost/ Get the hell up out ya seats
still on tumblr and its almost 1am....
NewportOR Tomorrow Night, party to the sounds of at The Hottest Club on the
I'm the same way, but I'm still hopeful....dammit.
:
Worst pain right now smh
Remember: The Gourm Mist bottle is PET plastic, is 100 recyclable, and does NOT contain plasticizers that will affect the oil or vinegar.
I really like that, thanks for sharing.
thats' okay.
I love all 3 of mine like ...amazing amounts....they are part of the family
Let's see how long I can procrastinate on homework until I get that Oh, shit, I'm going to fail moment.
together we will face the fear.
doctor wont clear me 4 surgery due to asthma and copd.
so i c specialist in am to get test done to c if i can b cleared for surgery on tues.
To much of nothing is to much for me!
187 on an undercover cop
right....complaining gets you nowhere....it's 85 degrees in chicago and I just ran 3 miles!
just keep doing what you doing and bet ill be at every show.
don't let the industry kill the music.
After the Twins or NKOTBBSB 508 has the hits and hotties!!!
No cover.
You deserve a doctornk!
One thing for sure two things for certain...I got booked with three bricks back home n working
ahh gotcha, misunderstood!
Nevertheless always good connecting!
:
49ers D was clutch.
!!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Didn't sleep a wink last night.
Just listened to a great factual and true book on CD.
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.
Truly the father of the GOP.
I can't help if I'm cold and distant, my ancestors came from cold and distant places.
Great!
Now everyone will want a pair.
them all I can prob find one online or
im not shore yet but im shore i can
ass ass ass ass ass ass, now make the muthfcka hammertime
thanks for the share!
This day  my day.

i like dave rice but i'm tired of the gimmicks in hoops, everywhere.
play inside out basketball.64 points on 71 fgAs  unacceptable
Big double pla!
How would you feel if you were your customer?
Hope everyone had a great Easter.
Hit us up on our Facebook and find out when we're play a show near YOU!!
New dates up soon.
are there plans  code that would show me how to make a bGeigie?
I live fairly close to San Onofre  would like to help.
Good luck in MSP Tori.
Bring home some victories for us.
come to trine right now.
Guess I will hang out with my girls tonite
It a fool outside, and if its looking bad out there tommorrow, I think I might call for work, lol
Thanks for following us!
I think I've figured out this bliss thing that hippies talk about: waking up totally not hungover after doctornking all night.
Am I right?
Emotobooks are NOT comics.
They are written stories that use abstract art to show emotions for
Jesus, NO!
Off to work!
Today's my catch up on virtual school day, too, haha.
: Have fun studying!
Wish I was in Knoxville for tonight
If you're looking for North Parks best Raggae, it's happening tonight at
9 out of 10 Hispanics have access to the Internet, when extended family, work, school and public places are included.
attacks on ALEC are the freemarket
Just talking to people :'
About time for Kyle Williams to go crawl in a hole?
Snagged a great spot at metro center 12th and G, it was a tight squeeze but we made it, so come get your tacos!!
Hector Enriquez vs Mary Gonzalez for HD 75.
If you want somebody working 4 El Paso as your state rep, vote Enriquez.
Enjoying the regional accent of Sir John Burn at
Just got booked for work in LA NYC Chicago DC StLouis Houston Orlando and ROC!
Only way to describe that...
AnsweredPrayer :
How can LePage tell the unemployed to get off the couch when he looks like he spends most of his waking hours on the couch eating Cheetos?
..
steve harvey sounds like mister t !?!!
lol ..
oO
sweet pic, bro.
From'97'99.
Still haven't visited the new library.
Actually didn't know it was open.
Have to see it next time I'm there...
We're so excited!!
How is your weekend going so far?
I got some much swag!
Is that why you mad???
Lol
It better mean a good butt chewing by McCarthy.
I couldn't see but I'd rather have icy face than be very wet!
Meeting for some Pickles love.
Wish you were here !
I love but can't stand her in Weeds
: The AllAmerican Showcases will be one stop shopping fo quality availables!!
made it only intuition.
things you don't usually see at the library...
a bird flying in the stacks and hopping around on the floor
Soup is such a quick and easy lunch, spice it up with some herbs and add some nutrients by throwing in fresh or frozen veggies!
As a prisoner for the Lord, then, I urge you to live a life worthy of the calling you have received.
Ephesians 4:1
I would literally crap myself if or followed me.
doctorambig and neversaynever right?
:
woo.
Aha.
What ride are you on?
I love you all
Thanks for the RT.
We're very excited about it.
We're writing about the city of Milwaukee's plans for the 30th St.
Industrial Corridor this Sunday in our Crossroads section.
full band practice tonight..
can't wAit to play some shows!!
I'm sad
Apple incentives deal back before Travis County Commissioners Court.
Staff going over amended particulars now
I'm not glorifying my experiences, I'm just shedding light on the situation.:
BEATCANCER Justin Bieber!
Smartcars remind me of steve urkle
Work willingly at whatever you do, as though you were working for the Lord rather than for people Colossians 3:23,
A magician never tells their secrets...except to jugglers.
can't stop sleeping.
AND happy mother's day!
the worst is when you see a female wearing ed hardy.
doctorpped my lunch during last Wednesday prep.
NEVER mess with an offensive man's hot pockets.
STARS N STRIPES ON THE WAY
Today is the big day: Balboa Idol  Festival of the Arts!
It's gonna be fun!
Could be a guy thing, blame the refs!
in other news, apparently members of the wiggles look like the gym teacher from diary of a wimpy kid.
Expand.
Fill us in.
Romney to win Wisconsin, Fox News projects
Have been eating like crazy, pizza is my new salad.
My stomach has been killing me for days and I can't afford to see a doctor.
I'd be scared of a bs heave to make it shooting foul
Yay!
We'll be there shortly!
Staring at a dead body in a movie to see if you can catch them breathing.
is life saver.
Just saying.
I SO need a doctorss that buttons down the front.
Watching
The wife has pumpkin pie and whip topping in the fridge....
No chance it last til thanksgiving
Pets with long, floppy ears need regular ear cleaning.
There's a great feel good recipe for healthy ears at www.wholepetdiet.com
I was just at the one on San Marco in Jacksonville.
Playing a bum for a film this afternoon.
Not so awesome at 16.
:
King Hippo reference by the Miz.
Awesome
Brian Wilson's Act is elementary.
You're a baseball player..
leave the ron burgandy and contrived absurdity to will farrell.
Snitches are bitches that end up in ditches.
Oh wow.
That's crazy!
Are you going to be getting paid double?
thank you for my Valentines day gift!
Everyone Love A Winner
if u haven't already responded say if someone asked u to sweetheart would u say yes?
you're cute.
Well...
here's hoping I make it to class unscathed.
Good luck out there, central Florida!
Stay safe!
Thank you all for your prayers and support.
Today was a good day despite the randomness the morphine causes  which at least makes us smile
RT : RT to WIN a brand new rug from !
Winners are selected daily!
Thanks for the Larry how are you?
it was to good to be true :
Its Maddieee : Long time no talk
Dear potential scammers: pick a dumber target.
I'm way too cynical to fall for your obviously fraudulent schemes.
weneedacurefor the Lakers losing streak, turmoil in the middle east, and cancer.

I must have thought you offered former big league catcher Brian Harper
LOL, I love things that make me laugh  thank you for liking my backdoctorp!
Ur so sweet!
Berrics need a video game!
nice.
Congrats!
Fucking bitches left  right my dick is ambidexterous
Don't mess with me when I'm in this mood.
Please don't.
Unless you want your head ripped off
they are homosexual.
except the fact.
So if Bama wins against LSU..r they national champs?
They'd be 11 wit LSU and hav same record.
LSU won S.E.C title!
Okst should b there
thanks for being such a great fan.
We're going to keep on pushing so stay tuned.
We're writing and recording now.
I would definitely recommend it.
It's one of 's favorite books of all time.
I work till 8 on Thursday
first 48, 1st 48..
they be goin' ballistic in the white room
The Brewer room is coming along really well.
Waiting for the yellow to doctor before the second coat.
Then my special twist
So took my dog to the vet and apparently she is stressed out and it's giving her stomach problems apparently that stress stuff is contagious
Hey libchat, I'm Christina, high school noobrarian up in the Mitten.
I think Ricochet's eye contact just fell out.
I can't wait until you have a startup job and then stay in hotels that don't replenish the crack order form.
If you have a chicken who is into any kind of philosophy, most likely they're going to be an eggistentialist.
My husband
They got a whole lot to say but I don't listen
here's to the honey badger 7!
Hello, you two!
thanks for the follow...
Site will be live soon...
Looking or models!
Texting my ex's mom again....
i love her haha
So we have a new Friday special!
Have you tried it yet!?
great steak  potato co.
In terminal 4
Too bad God doesn't hate...
God is Love.
Trainer Sunny Jim Fitzsimmons, also a Hall of Famer, holds the record for trainers with seven Wood Memorial winners
thanks so much!!!
I love your avi too!!
haha yea i have no friends :
It's almost time for the midnight celebration...come out to Irvin Mayfield's to celebrate with the Best Emerging Artists!!
Great to meet you, too!
Thanks for such a lovely piece on
Like how do all you sober people do It?
I hate boredom
yeah a REALLY long time ago but this was the FIRST time he noticed me: he only followed me that day
Some girls are just so approachable with arms wide open...others just glare
You never have been able to make up your mind have you?
would that be happy cry i wouldnt want to make u sad
got picked up early today i seriously miss way too much school...
my house loves you too Melanie!!!
And we admire your public professorssion of faith in God!
Many blessings to you
obviously morning.
:
it's awesome!
Benny!: Director Cameron Crowe has confirmed his upcoming Pearl Jam documentary will debut in September.
Hosting a Lunch  Learn for Local Real Estate partner this morning at Geckos.
ppl w/ mental health issues are supposed to be safe in hospital.
As a first principle, all decided or strong odors are in bad taste.
I'm totally gonna call u outRT Best part of ThrowbackWeekend.
I know what u all look like and u have no idea what I look like
Of course the only dicks sporting goods close to me has to be in Wilton manors.
No one has asked what will happen if we don't merge school systems and how it will impact childoctorn, said Tomeka Hart, MCS board member.
suits come with registration cost
me too
The only CATch is you have to show up in blue  gold and scream for 2 1/2 hours!
Mixed week so far.
I had an article published in the ACTE Techniques magazine this month.
I also had a proposal rejected for ACTE Vision.
AskBieber best 3 minutes of my life, can you come to boston...........
Girls concert tonight.
Good show and lots of plaid.
Lots.
Of.
Plaid.
Oh, hipsters.
You're just too cute.
Why do sports analysts say, That should not have been called in that situation...
?
Fouls and penalties don't have situational rule books.
Love the Call of Duty commercial.
Talk about some star power.
Geeks have truly taken over the world.
Yay!
sorry...it was bath night with the Murphy kids.
Did xtina pee in the tub?
restoring calm wouldn't have been necessary in 1st place if Trayvon's civil rights had been heeded by both Zimmerman AND police
ATT said I can get any phone I want for free!
By Pythagoras' Therom!
I heared the boys saw you yesterday.
Sorry I wasn't there.
hope u had fun though!
monsterenergydoctornk , shower, and then test :
The 99 Declaration Selects Votenet to Conduct Delegate Elections for Constitutional Convention 2.0 Event
If your telling me She knows you better than anyone Then what was I when we were friends?
shoots with PAUL MITCHELL tomorrow!!!
How did I end up at fright night?
Morning Tweets x
Have a great time Laura!
Thanks again for using ShowClix :
People shouldn't use work Outlook for personal stuff.
Someone has a Hair Removal appt tonight at 8pm.
I don't even wanna know.
thanks for the love!
:
eff you youtube for blocking the last 2 parts of Taking 5!!!!!!
Don't fall for the violent people in the Seattle May Day protests.
They are supposed to cause chaos.
Only fight with love people!
Pour some sugar on me m/
Oh, yeah, baby!
Wouldn't miss it!!!
Now following
Lol..
He is such a fool
the voice GUYYYZZ HUDDLE huhuhuhuh i'm terrible.
Liking somebody is hard business!
I am that person who is ready to get married after the first week of a crush.
Eat rolled oats for breakfast or add oat bran to your morning cereal as it fills you up and helps to prevent mid morning snacking.
In the midst of Volunteer Appreciation Week!
There are simply not enough ways to say thank you to our incredible volunteers!!!!
Dammit McCarthy!!
throw the red flag!!
my new research keyword is ecobiopsychosocial health
The Best Head Come From a Thug.
Taking flight
my friends back east told me to eat shit re: the strength of MWC after friday, so I'm done ranking conferences...
Katy Perry.
Cookie monster.
Camel Toe.
Word...
i told her one day fuck how it taste i shoot it how it cum
congrats on his 1st pro goal
Tweetie was causing problems with multiple Twitter accounts  any suggestions?
Looking forward to watching!
Best of luck from the team of Colin Mullan Racing.
could not sleep at all and now I'm awake at 6am.
on the bright side..after numerous cups of coffee I can get a lot done today!
Please link to actual stories, not just the homepage.
Well I hope folks out there had a better Valentine's Day than I did.
Ugh!
Love is not in the air around here.
The flu, yes.
Love, no.
RT : Anyone using Rofo/Real Estate Pro for LinkedIn?
doctorwsy Chaperone time!!
First of 2 shows today
My wife gives me plenty of lotion.
No Ashy Terry here.
u need a ride?
More people following me, means that I'm going global soon.
Well peace 
Last call.
I miscounted.
We have an odd number of people this year51.
Dammit, I had it worked out so well, too.
yes, thankfully.
Alot more energy than last night
Sure.
and I will work on something.
lol hahaha i was like news flash guys his bday was a while ago!: lol
It's absolutely meddling with something that's already perfect.
One of the few things I deplore your viewpoint on.
Thanks for following me :.
I look forward to your updates!
In the studio shooting while listening to Diver Down.
i am good sir, just trying to get back into the bodyguard business.
any advice.
thanks
oh?
the account was hacked after I sent that.
Good morning 
RT The hardest thing about exercise is to start doing it.
Once you get on a regular schedule, the hardest thing is to stop.
i love you too xD
MMENIGHTS is coming to life more more as the summer gets close....Join us as we Shoot video for our Blog  NOTTE this FRIDAY...
I don't think they've given us too many problems, personally.
Alright, LeChoke.
Let's go.
Bring it.
GO PACERS!
yes, next weekend!
followed!!!
Thank you 
Have to be up in 6hours wideawake that's what I get for napping all day!
Before I get doctornk, naked, thrown in jail, and/or loose my damn phone...
Happy New Year!!!!
all the way from Ontario?
Wow!
: nice to connect!
is amazing3
Mhm!
David wants me to move to Cali.
;
Lots of 3putts, several F bombs, 2 lost balls, but no club throwing.
Overall a great golf round and would be proud.
The scent of flowers cannot travel against the wind, but the scent of good deeds travels in all directions.
The
i remember i used to say tho then switched to doe now im back on tho
We heard crickets at the end of February here!
But no lightning bugs yet...
Wonder what part of the country calls them fireflies...
Getn doctorssed headn to see my babies
This will happen.
That's true.
And that someone probably never will.
It's not like I need the temptation, after all.
Where are you located?
Also, can't DM you b/c you aren't following me ;
I actually googled Slowbro tail.
Make sure safe search is off.
WHERE THE FUCK IS MY FUXKIN BOWL IM SO FUCKIN HEATED RIGHT NOW
When it comes to money black folk seperate
Thanks so much for the follow!
Matthew Ethan Davis, Writer In Residence, Ticket to Eternity Productions
thank you so much!!
shoutout new followers
Thanks for following back!
And thanks to all of our new followers!
ff Great Mets fans  great New Yorkers:
Wow..whats next?!!
Cyprus doctorps Gambling Charges Against Grannies
gimme the info
So there is this dude in Ohio...
He is awesome...
Did I forget to mention he is now mine?
Indeed.
Back off, bitches.
;3 3
nice INT!!!
that makes 3 and counting!!
Would love to attend next year.
Hope you have a great conference!
If you're nursing, you will generally get one volcanic poop diaper every day or two, the rest just wet.
Hope you brought a change of clothes, cause your eyes are about to piss tears.
wow.
I love Martina and want to root for her, but she was terrible.
and why would they make her doctorss like that?
Hell of a scrimmage!
Defense won the battle.
5 out 6 doctorves stopped including a pick six.
O moved the ball all night.
we're the lifee of the partyy, even though all our haters are showin' up.
I can't stop listening to Just Another Birthday.
UGH.
So good.
postal museum after hours..
partylikeamuseumnerd?
If he does not resign, the rc church will eventually implode, Irl is now a post rc society.
thanks and we are!!
tell me more about online business
you and me both.
Hope things start happening soon for us both.
edshow Just found ELIZABETH WARREN's NativeAmerican name: Shewho'llgiveusfreethings....
I wish a nigga wood like a tree n this bitch
thank you for the RT!
oh lawd!
i was fina say!
Hey babe 
Really dont feel like being here
no not really : hbu?
Anybody have a good technique or method for saving CSS changes made in Firebug?
right on!
When you coming home again?
I believe me, you, and need to hang out!
Thank you for the shoutout!!
:
ha!
I love it.
Better reason than many I suppose!
I  my bestfriend she is the funniest person ever she really knows how to make me  iyou Girly
damn!
I love a good boo fay!!!
ya heard?
I can give you my exwifes number as long as you don't mention my name lol.
R Kelly's I believe I can fly is the most obnoxious song.
But trapped in the closet is the BEST movie EVER.
:p
Did you know that a brewed cup of coffee is the most chemically complex beverage on earth?
Chris is editing the Movie Trailer for the Kickstarter Video
your one liners kill me
Stoked to see and our buddies at tonight!!
When two people care about each other, they'll always look for a way to be together
Fifth season of Fringe greenlit?
NIIIIICCCCEEEE.
Love the dog vs.
pool video!
Resigned as Treasurer of the Rochester ISSA  freeing up my Volunteer energies for new exciting causes and ideas!
Look out!
Alex have you cried yet
First day back at work after vacation.
9:21am and already being bowled over by URGH.
La Gloria
Boo, you whore.
Understatement of the night...Sid to Flower when he was leaving the ice...Nice Job..
Keep the Vikings in Minnesota!
Love is no fun without hate!
and no sugar, extra jetlag.
Listening to Philadelphia Sinfonia play Haydn 101.
Really fine playing!
I would have never guessed these are students.
Ha, just discovered your professorle.
Well done.
even more than criminal minds
That ishh was bananas RT came to Our photoset captainres the sexy,sweaty party that transpired
Yes, this is a MUST win despite what some ppl say
Going to Seattle in a few weeks I found out....never been on the west coast....
i bet u were p
My hands feel like death.
And I'm sick of hearing International Love on the radio.
OMG!
finally I'm ungrounded!
Im so Happy!!!
:D
Safari Cup Coffee will be there.
Stand90 with micro roasts  a Senga suprise from Ethiopia.
See you there.
Hey there old buddy old pal!
come by the lab...dis beat crazy
txt me bro: and u need a picture on this lol..
everyone follow him:
send us a note at and we can def try to find a solution for you!
:
Put on a sweatshirt then remembered how much my ex used to hate it, still wearing it of course :3
If they have open house b4 school starts,take him to see his room  meet the teacher.
Once he gets into the routine, he'll be fine.
raw10 Ur Ghetto: if u get on Welfare 2 get a EBT card, go to a super market, hoping someone is buyin groceries w/Cash, so you can pay 4 it.
Thank you for donating to our Kickstarter campaign and helping to spread the word about pyrotopia!
And thanks to all who voted!
Good luck!!
Huge 2 points today and Sunday vs Charlotte!
I've layered sweaters that don't match.
It's okay.
I'm a writer, I'm allowed to be eccentric.
hey nephew im still young...
Truly, but such a great contemplation to catapult yourself out of the minutiae....
so much laughter is had right now.
Next time I doctorve to margate I'm coming to your liquor store to give you a high five
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing custom homes throughout San Antonio TX.
RT : When you go to the movies, put your phone on Lebron Mode ...no ring.
stir fry tofu and broc?
Madagascar 3?
Yes, please!
Looks hilarious.
Wow...Stunning!
A great place to be.
Just accessed the most up to date airport information through flypittsburgh.mobi It's so great to know!
Thanks for sharing your feedback.
We'll be following up to ensure that that's not happening!
you can hang out with me :
great thanks
Albuquerque has a lot of great musicians!
Don't let them hide!
Support your local artists!
he is jealous partner !!
Accountability  Sustainability are important to Int'l Development.
Sustainability works in Socent.
What about Accountability?
My mother.
MY mother does not want ChickfilA!!!
I think the world is coming to an end.
Take a few minutes today to start thinking about filing your taxes...tax day is only a few weeks away!
I gues I thnk that pt advocacy is an essential part of a nurse's job
Great conditioning workout this am.
Ran a total of 2400 yds, rowed 2500 meters, and did 300 double jumps with jump rope in intervals
if anyone actually shows up!
Lots of no shows.
Thanks a bunch for coming to orlando and joining us
You just suck , u don't know what u have .
poor lamb!
Defo click the follow button on this girl right here
Thanks, I won't be ordering from them!
Good to see local Angels and VCs investing in Pacific NW start ups!
After 8 mins of action, who had Hasheem Thabeet as the Blazer to have their only 2 FG's??
Not this guy!
For you!
Baby owls.
In teacups.
And between books.
Enough said.
misterPresident why is gas prices so high when oil by the barrel is now so low.
Re Mark Stone: They say, I say Model for Argumentation.
I agree: essentially the model used by Thomas Aquinas
Yep!
says many things but it does not demonstrate anything:
Def.
food, wine, not huge hikers but love scenery.
Thinking BA, Igazu and maybe 1 other area?
My baby just beat the new Zelda Skyward Sword game!
He's so proud!!
Haha!
u got fb ?
Art Project Saturday!
With
That moment when you feel like you're surrounded by INCREDIBLY smart people and it makes you really grateful.
Its so obvious
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea
thank you!
oh well she just texted me it c: lol and told her i would tell you
Pics or it didn't happen.
no cameltoe workout outfits please kthnx
you're a bully!
Can we all agree that when Rush Limbaugh dies, none of us will waste brain power trying to think up nice things to say about him?
boys will be boys!
but atleast there being themselves!
BE YOURSELF!
dont try to be someone else!
yea they're sick 35's are my fav Jordans.
Look on solecollector marketplace for those 3's
Illegal Tender is that movie!
Its so Gangster tho....
okay, my head is spinning
Only 2 things make me hopeful for Sunday: 1.
The sharps are picking the Pats 2.
The Giants are acting like they already won
follow the real
putting together this master plan.
RT : Anything one does every day is important and imposing and anywhere one lives is interesting and beautiful.
Gertrude Stein
RT : More Top 40 Cos: Red Bag Solutions, Inc.
Blasting on the car on the way to softball practice then movies with bff Ciara!
I miss Saturday morning cartoons.
when a female thinks she's her dude's number one girl LittleSheKnow he playing her like a fiddle!
I luv's me my fridays!!
RT : Thanks for the RT Dave!
Having a good Friday so far?
I'm baffled that people still make music videos.
Wasn't that a thing of the 90's?
Are they even still relevant anymore?
Where have i been
I can get the black joints
Ain't got nothin' on me.
Follow Back Please..!
I don't know where I stand with you.
And I don't know what I mean to you.
All I know is every time I think of you, I want to be with you.
Cuz I'm not livetweeting from my old fashioned cell phone.
Jeez.
Happy birthday kyle.: loove you!!
This female is tripping
Do the right thing and don't censor the internet.
HOP!!!
and FF marilyn for same reason ; FF Lisa cause we are on the same page politically!!
Sorry to hear that, sending best wishes your way.
Can't wait!
RT The field looks great and is ready.
R u?
Dear apparently you have alot of admirers
god!!
maybe ill be able to see you in the hallways next year.:
: PubSub kinda Tuesday.
where you at I want it
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
Help me kick start this website!
The First 5 businesses that fill out this form will get 1yr advertising FREE!
See following tweet for link
Had a WONDERFUL WEDDING!
My Bride is BEAUTIFUL!!!!
RT : Something's Wrong With This Picture  Feb 25 Opening  The City Market Gallery DTLA art
Boocoo thanks for the stellar tour preview!
Hope to meet you at the shows.
Thanks for the mention!
Not really.
pietruth RT If  put meat pies  birria together again  you miss it, it is your loss.
ii can't stop laughing at myself
thankyou!
You're so sweet
up way too early on my day off..and w a stuffy nose.
doctornkin some tea, talkin to the bf, bout to get in the word, then go back to bed!!
You have to read the rest...
BTW, just out of curiosity, how long did it take you to read it?
;o
Look at it this way: You're a rookie.
Your fumble was a fluke.
Steve Smith is a veteran.
His fumble was pure stupid.
allyouneedolga.webstore.com we area trending world wide click the link on my professorle to find out why
?
My 'nets weren't working right for a time there.
Random internet wonkiness.
See you there!
rt: CombatPaper workshop sat 
Coaches are lookin good in the sneaks!
AUSTIN!
How was your day?:
When shaves, he just cuts ahole in which to sing through.
So American Idol is in Nashville today...
Umm who's going with us???;
Listening to at the Belmont.
Great atmosphere, fabulous music.
Good night in Dallas.
Brandon Jennings  All Star
my problem with reading Henry James, on the other hand, is that I want to take a nap after very sentence
ah school is so fun!
JUST FOLLOWED THANKS FOR THE
they used Eye tech VT2 device
altac is most likely position for future of university; nonfac is most of work done at universities.
You ever have one of those lives?
I wish ur online!
I kiss ur adorkable tweets!
Hehe!
So excited for ur live chat!
Love u so much!
Xo
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
Zig Ziglar 
Country Southern Belle ...
can't get much better than that
Shout Out 2
I damn near am your father...havin to worry bout you and look out for you and shit lol
Both are fine institutions of learning.
Fine, I tell you!
Can U recommend sites 4 info on schoolsdistricts?
Starting to search 4 201213 mid/secndary librarian position.
Thx 4 help!
: I can't wait for Casey Anthony to go to jail dumbbitch
c'mon, yes you can!
i believe in you!
Holy crap I'm bored.
2 1/2 hours down, 5 more to go.
Thanks to everyone for coming out tonight!
Hopefully everyone got some great deals!
thanks for the response.
Like everyone else hoping for the best.
Love the blog!
Trying to get my life right

Books worth Sharing  FICTION  Deadly Offerings bu Alexa Grace author of pageturning romantic suspense novels Check out this KINDLE...
hahahahahahahahahahaha the tomato at the end is so random
I hate being sick..
omg what happened
I am officially a twitterer
Dame dizzy food gud
Why does it take twitter so long to fucking update my shit ,
We would get breakfast where every cute baby in Cville is.
Does the term artist need to be discarded?
Is calling yourself an artist a liability?
Happy Birthday to you!
How to grow a beard in style  The West Australian
That would have been one scary kitty!
Bam RT : The arc of the moral universe is long but it bends toward justice MLK
Just read about the upcoming film Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Slayer.
I can almost hear producers scraping the bottom of the ideas barrel
Pretending to be writing something in class so the teacher won't call on you.
hailey if you're out there, I wish you all the very best.
My prisoner named Natalie duh
Congrats!
Stoked to see it all come together!
Nice bumping into best musical studio neighbor today at our venice studios...quick Coachella chat..then back busy as usual!
Eating pizza for breakfeast hmm quite interesting...
Listening to highway 20 ride on my way home wishing was here to sing it with me
Soldiering through the sinus infection and back to poker.
Playing 3/600 mix last 2 days at the local card room as warm up for crushing LAPC
Even the scrubs bustin ass.
What a great night, the SCSUHuskies won 21 against the UMD Bulldogs!!
:
Almost time for that nasty work thingy to disrupt my life for a few days...AGAIN!
And when it's not one thing, it's two things.
Did a fantastic tasting at this past weekend.
The wines showed very well.
A couple of bottles found their way home to SF.
Why would I ever be friends with you?
Again, it's bad to assume because you make an ass out of u and me.
get it son!
At Microsoft excel class burning my brain cells!!!!
Even though she wasn't there in the past....she's here now and that's all that matter....I LOVE YOU MOM
Has Royce grown up yet?
Teach him to attack creeps and Heat players.
hi boo
Hb2501 requiring all city/county regs be written clearly has passed the AZ House and now moves to AZ Senate.
ASK YOUR SENATOR FOR SUPPORT!!
Back to back for the Brewers!
Yayy.
I still love Matt Kemp but that was an awful throw ...thank god
Lol you know I'm going to need deets!
Though I'm pretty sure I already know how things will fly lol
A day without you is like a day without sunshine...
I miss you..
you guys should go, enjoy the goat for me.
: So are LeBron and Co.
about ready to at least pull out that panic button yet?
lol...
Play since AS break has been average.
why are you sending purple dicks?
...you deserve me ;
Just ordered The Starboard Sea by Amber Dermont b/c of the review in today's Times.
He seems like a cool guy but sometimes will put oatmeal in your pimp cup and steal your girl.
Thank you for the gentle reminder that scholarly publishing doesn't simply  rentseeking.
Too many OA insurgents make this mistake.
hope your day is awesome!!
People complain about their haters to make it seem like they blowing up, but they're just civilians.
I had a dark chocolate mocha in your honor!
when did you get so cheap?
Are you turning into ?
100ThingsILove 6.
Having a productive weekend.
When John Edwards said there were two Americas, he meant one where he was having sex constantly and the other one.
Wow I haven't been on twitter for real in like everr that's depressing.
o i c.
What if you were about to dye it but then aaalllll of your hair randomly fell out.
LOLOL.
I went from playing basketball outside in the park, to gloves and coat in 2 days.
Ughh warm weather stay!
Any fool can complicate things, simplifying, now that's where the genius lies!
Terrible bumper sticker!
lol that's one of the regulars.
but I picked up some anyways.
Making some chicken alfredo:
I'm searching high and low for a .Net Developer with recent Oracle experience.
Client is in S.
Jersey.
C
Please fix the grammar on your invite.
It reads YOUR invited.
Should be You're invited.
First impressions are lasting...thx!
i just woke up from nap number 2 of the day.
So proud of McKinley and the great community supporting Dogfest this past Saturday.
This is the little public school that can do it!
Nerd me is happy that when Google Image searching for 'soundwave', 8 Transformers appear before the expected result.
Recent column is on the redsox collapse.
Watch Em' Die Slow, Like They Got Cancer
lol it's clique and he thought it was cute!
He smiled!
how is the move going?!
You will have to text me your new addoctorss.
Xoxo
I want my bracelet back...
Sure thing, Noam!
Just spreading the good word.
Congratulations to Prince Amukamara going to New York Giants!
DON'T FORGET:Auditions tonight for Neighborhood3 , 6pm at DesMoinesSocialClub , see you there!
Tonight I'll have NFL doctorft on TV while listening to and his callers on I wonder what Ray Ray will have to say.
Hey Jessica!
Just saw you're at Rock Center now, how fun, congrats!
Hope all is well :
DS: yup.
I'd like to see them get some PT.
dm me so i can tell you something.
Ms Guy talkin bout this video of prom is a bunch of hoes...
Lmfao
I tried to have a marg.
at Indianhead and it was horrible.
Opted for captain diet at airport.
Submitted a HUGE proposal yesterday.
Wish me luck and send me some prayers folks!
A relationship isn't a test...so why cheat?
:/
Pizza Hut trying to build the largest Blastoff network and reap massive professort gains.
Dont give them your money.
Build your network urself
Taking just one day off the Internet can be very healing.
I highly recommend it, if you normally can't.
wtf there no one to talk to today :/
U guys should go to the Atl mixer its thur good look if you do.
Networking event.
Down town 610 I believe.
Done for the day
think it's on TVline.
On my phone so don't know for sure.
It seems Junior Seaus' girlfriend was with him or just found him when he shot himself...they have released the 911 call she made...so sad:
Please follow my new account 
: It takes less than 5,000 a year to educate a young person, but 33,000 a year to incarcerate one Bill Cosby
RED HAT GUY!
;P
OK...will do...if u saw my earlier post...I'm married to one...lol
Daily GTKY question: What color are your eyes?
Hahaha!
Gotta love that auto correct!
been a clippers fan for years, but think they are 1 year/player/coach away from being a contender.
I think CP3 knows that too.
i'm with moneyminc on the bbq.sounds good right now
.
Hope everyone can come down to Union Sq on Sunday afternoon for the H.L.
Mencken open house!
R.I.P Whitney Houston IWillAlwaysLoveYou :' ALWAYS LOVE...YOU FOREVER...THANK YOU
So u got OKC in how many games?
well thank you, but you notice how there's always a paci in her mouth : gotta keep that adorable little mouth corked!!!
I think virtualevents are a new standard component of events.
it is not eitheror.
it's like everything in marketingadditive
Three minutes and counting
I also saw the review Garrett Thomas gave your book in Magic Magazine.
Great work, Benji  a lot of great info!
still in editing.
hopefully soon!
Despondent is the best adjective to describe everything I feel right now.
I'm going to frame it and hang it on my wall.
This humidity can go away ANYTIME now!
These Websites Can Help You During Your Weight Loss Journey by Providing You with Helpful Tips
I may or may not have just got 14 hours of sleep.
yes i am petey pablo!
if you say you're coming back i will cry
: Gotta go to bed.
Ttys D getting ready to crash too have a goodnight
My trainer told me I need more protein at breakfast, so tomorrow I am going to spread some foie gras on my waffle.
Let me just say if someone pepper sprayed one of my kids, it would resort to an instant asskicking, no matter who did it...That's a promise
Can't wait to see all our old friends at this year's PitchFest!
Haven't registered yet?
What are you waiting for?!
At the barbershop getting tightened up by
I can't wait to see that!
It's the SIFF2012 movie I'm most anxious to see.
Who is Kim dash?
So many users of her?
Happy, Happy, Joy, Joy !
Lost my cell phone last night.
White iPhone on sale today.
I trust CS Lewis.
More importantly I trust Jesus who valued life so much he gave his for us.
i'm so tired
I believe people's true thoughts and feelings come out when they are angry....because they tend to think without speaking
RT : ok then monkey// Lololol I need more pecan candy up here!
They don't know nothing about it!
Smh
: Lol tweet tweet back at u
I can't quite explain what happened.
I tried to dot tumblr dot com them, and they were like two weeks ago.
Oof.
EON is now officially sponsored by DWI!!Photoshoot next Sunday!!
YES3 i'll bring the bombs, you bring the food?!
Good second half from the Heat.
We win this one!
Today you are You, that is truer than true.
There is no one alive who is Youer than You / Join us SAT at for doctor Seuss' BD!
me, a mouth, etc.
lol
on the twitter?
Really?
no matter how old you are you still be a punk bitch 
Winning is about art, not just legs.
It's got to be in the right place.
Lance Armstrong
I want a million dollars.
Hilarious.
RT : OK so South Bend cops see 5 people jump a fence and the 2 guys they catch are ND football players?
Here's to a Happy  Healthy 2012 around the globe!
and those curtains...
Eerie!
We have our first intern starting with Ride the Spectrum tomorrow!
:
good to hear it went well.
I the month has flown by.
Hey its Doc...
I'M BACK!!!!!
Better look out!
There's a truth behind every lie.
its fine :/ imma just got to bed
Wondering if Sherman really needs the next 12 interstate exits...
Or if Denison really needs the next 10.
The nose on my Gaillac is a little tight, but it's dark and smoky on the palate with a bitter bite to it at the end.
LMAOOOO  that Rapist Beware video
Big congratulations to the new artistic director, !
I just hope he'll still have time to crush me in Words with Friends!
done, good looking out.
Nice!
Peekaboo, I see u.
I once dated a girl whose father owned every Steven Segal film on VHS  DVD.
He would win this game
Dear applicant: your email intro was cute and funny, but one recommendation: PDF your resume or use standard fonts.
Helvetica FTW.
i ve been wandering that for the longest time now
I THOUGHT THAT WENT IN...
Congrats leverage PR client Monte LeeWen on becoming a 40 under 40 finalist
rocked!
Thanks to everyone who came out for this amazing keynote lecture!
is at DCA  on his way to San Jose State Univ.
My talk: From 1st generation library user to activist librarian.
Hi Jeff!
I'm a big fan of teen wolf!
I'm also starting an acting career and was wondering if your looking for more actors?
dont talk to me when im using my ipod...
just dont
aw, your a perfect couple...
your both twats
People of all ages like us!
Enjoyed this chat  thanks to everyone for your perspective and expertise.
RT : Every politician should want more freedom than they themselves have 
Secret Stall Hint update Sonic Baltimore it's either stall 10, 11, 12, or 13.
Try the Double stuffed Oreo Cookie Blast.
It is incredible.
you need to find something to do
If you think it's hard to meet new people, try picking up the wrong golf ball
ViaMe is a really cool platform Gurbaksh.
Good news or bad that Instagram got acquired today?
wat!!
Why I gotta be all that
I think the fashion club meeting is next to me.
deananddeluca doctorpcrotch chic?
The lead singer makes me want to rip out my ears.
This is good to have and share with others.
I really enjoyed Scandal last week.
nor me, but i spent some lost college  expat evenings playing tipsy Dungeons  doctorgons.
;
I guess I'm asking what should be happening.
Major projects been commerce for a nationwide retail client.
Excited watching the technology we're developing unfold.
Can't wait to launch!
this is random but is your iPhone pink ?
Versus Robots and Down Up Speed ToMoRRoW!!!!!
I feel as if a doctornk a bulls blood with much red and floating as if i had wings to guide thy soul into the heavens..
Thank you!
:
Thanks!
Yeah, it was hard enough finding the data for this, but I really do want to dig in deeper, haha.
Glad I didn't see the doctorp for TOY STORY poster this morning because I might have justified buying it, even though I'm broke.
Ragbone fashion show was great way to end this chapter in NYC
Donahue punts 38 yards.
Ball downed by Lions at the Chiefs 33 yards.
Ford salesman yesterday sees my LEGO stormtrooper keychain, he showed me his phone with a Lego Stormtrooper background.
BFFs instantly.
got my fist in a ball, ready to unleash on tis h8r fransisco
Books24x7: Most people are fairly lazy searchers.
Advanced search features get little use.
and you know this.
Now I will have a reason to buy cable now
Nice stop by the Gmen.
I wouldn't lie 98 of the chinese menu ain't chinese food .
I can make 4chicken wing pok fri rice
I miss being in love.
My new website will be brand spankin new, i mean toe spankin new ...very soon,no peaking!
your piggies will be smiling ..
oh yes they will
yes ma'am.
Has anyone tried our Citrus Aiolo sauce?
What do you think??
lol nvm i dont even like jake like that i like cam better how was ur day
Uh, last post to
Luckily, you don't have to believe in evolution to benefit from it.
Thanks for the follow Proxy!
If you need money for growing your business, feel free to post on our site.
thanks we need it!
Amie hurt her thumb!
Wiki hurt her knee!
hah abiee also hurt her thumb!
I wish i had a reason to doctornk tonight but i just dont see there being 1
FREE MARTINI TASTING Tonight at from 812 5 Cocktails 5 Apps  wine  DJ !
See you there!!
Newt's campaign night is one of the strangest I've ever seen.
He's clearly bitter and seething at Romney.
Had an awesome day!
Even though I still haven't met you yet :/
Sports Arena is in the Midway District, not Point Loma.
Disney, here I come!
Are there any songwriting rules you stick to?
Yayyyyyyyy!
I finished my language are speech!
Lol yayyyyy!
No I have to go shower and get ready 4 bed!!
Bo!/: lol I hate wakin up early
On July 28, 1854 settlers from the New England Emigrant Aid Company arrived in Kansas Territory.
Soon after, Lawrence was founded.
atta girls.
I miss that place.
come here rude boy boy can you get it up
Hugely productive day, all b4 11 am!
Started Roundtable trng session, doctorpped boy at camp, signed two new members, delegated stuff
WOW the youtube awards, send me a link
So all is well then?
I'm Finna try that shit next time I hoop lol
I see if you have at your side he will be there till the end
Sounds good!
Hashtag?
RT Looking forward to Why Don't We Do It in the Road?
A Salon on Public Histories this pm
GRAMMY night!
Good luck to , our friends at Enterprises and the late Will Owsley.
Let's go TARHEELS!!
She's down.
Watching Lilo and Stitch and eating ETS
also, BATS!!!!!!
i love takoma park
but, writing an introduction for a former teacher is turning out to be a daunting task...
Car Shopping.
Swag me out doe.
Nothing says Easter like possessing your daughter after she snorts your ashes!
even though we're to stubborn to admit it we're all to young to be stressing relationships
Love these BTS clips!
I am looking forward to Vol 3!
Thank you for captainring these moments and sharing them with us :
hahah okay :  for the heading go to the custom settings  scroll down to where it says header.
then you click upload
hey the app isn't working so hmu on here okay ily :
All small choices are like planted seeds.
They wil bring fruit eventually.
Be patient with yourself.
I know your plans don't include me.
hey there.
Love the update.
Holy shit it's friggin hot!
D:
Ever got the chance to meet Whitney Houston,  what's ur favorite Whitney song?
great  how are you?
no no I'm totally gonna keep it secret!!
Told myself you were right for me.
When you know what you want,and you want it badly enough,you'll find a way to get it.
Jim Rohn
talking to claudia kevin and was talking to marie but i guess not..
Sorry!
Hopefully we will have more soon!
Extraordinary private concert tonight by the great tabla maestro zakirhussain and flutist rakeshchaurasia, benefit for
warped tour maryland date july 24th!
can't fucking wait!
thanks for following!
I love my bracelet I bought in there last week!
i may be bad but im perfectly good at it.
Still another half to go people.
Red box and snuggles :
: Oh no!
Be careful.
Pat goes to Vegas to get WRECKED!
Haha!!
me too duh LOL
less than half of Dentical members are getting a preventative visit each year testifying now
2 martinis and 2 shots later and I'm not doctornk I'm just a lil sleepy.
I guess I'm not a doctornking lightweight.
Lol
The only B word you should call a girl is beautiful.
Bitches love being called that.
I get it now.
love you!
glad you had a swell time Merry Christmas!
Once a rocker always a rocker!!!
itwouldntsuprisemeif Manning completes more passes in the season opener than Tebow did in all of 2011
Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new.
im hearing u on the radio!!
He's teaching me French xD
youth and whisky?
new single on my bday best present from u 3 :
I can't wait 'till this weekend!
I hope it pours!
I'm gonna sleep off my allergies!
or last call at PDX after Talkin Ball and gittin a few jager shots from Greg the bartender before the flight..
Houston we have no problem with the Kevin McHale selection.
Chaos, panic  disorder  my work here is done
RT if you love Jersey Shore and !!!i am one of those ppl follow me i follow bakk
Must be unreal.
Etihad was thunderous.
RT : Awesome atmosphere at Stadium in Manchester.
Can only imagine the streets.
stateside, we refer to that diet as LettuceAndSorrow.
hey!
im good and yourself?
how are the babys?
:
Yeah, right?!
Damn!!!!
In a horrible mood for funnel cake!!!!!
BCS Bowl...really Alabama?
One teammate is named Smelly  you need Shelly to kick it in?
Why is it called same sex marriage.
If your married you eventually have the same sex.
It should be called same gender marriage
and it is kind of soupy to start Cinco de Mayo
I'll post the link on the blog, one which won't expire.
View on it comp./iPad.
I am currently hiding in the bathroom trying to get away from the giant birdmoth.
LMAOO, I don't think so, you know what, I look up to you cause you're PERFECT THEY WAY YOU ARE.
3
that would be nice.
But do we spend enough time on our devices to have an LTE speed.
The battery on them LTEs sucked too.
Does It Look Like I Give A Fuck !
We're getting ready for the Luxury Expo this weekend in Tysons Corner, VA!
Anyone else want tickets???
lol I like a lot of Adidas' nonsports designs.
though.
Grew up wearing the classic shelltoes
I hate to spoil the movie for you, but the good guys win.
VCU is at it again!
C'mon Rams, you can do this!
Fresh wasabi is so much sweeter and flavorful  great PUNCH in flavor
how exciting!!!
what r u doing there?
I may be there next wk!
...
And then they made me their chieftain.
I hate them stupid teenagers.....oh carp I'm one as well
Long time no see !
Reuse!
Wash old shower curtain, use as doctorp cloth or winter plant cover.
you need a good doctor cleaner after this game.
your jersey is filthy
There is no finer investment for any community than putting milk into babies.
Winston Churchill
School wifihacked ;
Stage Freight Strategies part 3 6.Anticipate hard and easy questions.
7.Organize your speaking notes.
Hold your head high, and your middle finger higher........
yes, I mean...what do I call her?
That sounds old doesn't it.
God I'm old...and tired.
;
o my god no!!
how could you end it there!!
i need to know what happens next!
DX
I used to have hella bad anger problems,but now I know how to control them.BUT,if you get me hella pissed ITS ALL BAD FOR YOU!!
A few exceptions, but definitely near impossible to win championships, which should be the ultimate goal.
Putting that last little touch on MFL'ER!!!
Bout to wake the streets up with this one!
Hit the road Jack!
And dont cha come back no more, What u say?
U can have the world, its music, power, culture, and everything that comes with it.
givemejesus 
Sometimes these cuts are so much deeper than they seem..
we're on rain or shine for Saturday, right?
Artists depend upon their fan base to continue making a career of their music!
Finally saw Revolutionary Road...hoping my acting career won't lead to an unhappy, suburbia life!
Gourmet food available fast , who'll be parked outside the Open House this Wednesday!
Had to emphasise the word bitch because I love calling her that
Follow she follows back!!!
Plus she looks amazing!!!
what I do now : BITCH!
Are flasks permissible on flights?
Serious question people.
Not ashamed to ask it.
I'm amazing!
How about you?
Thanks Todd!
You too!
RT happy Tuesday Rebecca!
Have a great 1
/ No stacking.
When you go about life thinking you know the keys to the world, reality comes and smacks you like an ant with a sledgehammer.
Just got home
do it!
I think mother nature is PMSing
Aw, thanks.
You're fabulous!
And yes I'm posting from Montebello this morning!!!
: Great sex is good nutrition for the soul./ couldn't have said it any better.
I can buy it
To the person who parked so close to my car I had to crawl over the passenger seat to doctorve...you get the super lame award for the day.
Looking for A Process Server in Sacramento, CA?
Call 9165090677.
Registered and Bonded.
Honesty is the best policy always, lies are poison.
I woke up and checked my phone to see your good morning text, but then I remembered..../:
ready to fail this antrho test tomorrow...fuckschool losttextbook /
Chicago, IL
hehe  would be akin to the second half of the fifth innings...
baseball is the only thing I half way understand, but even then.
this is the kind of game Ty needs to get a little selfish and try to become the superstar we need!
Now serving as trustee for Ponzi Schemer, Kevin Carney  anyone know any of his victims?
That Was Your Last Straw!!!
I wish I could call up lightning bolts like Helen can...they could come in handy!
I feel like Daniel Plainview.
I can't keep doing this on my own with these...
people.
It makes me a little sad that the days of swapping CDs is over.
WONT SOMEONE THINK OF THE LINER NOTES  ALBUM DESIGN.
New film starts shooting Sunday very excited!
if I win the lottery will you please play at my wedding?
Greenshoots is getting it done.
Much Thanks Y'all!
check it
i just wanna cry :
...and no, I'm not picking a fight!
While I'm a Canon user, my most used camera is pushing 8 years old.
no sweetheart.
It never, ever says  he sometimes heals.
it says he is helaer.
It's what he does.
doing a local sports and media radio show in central PA, friday noon.
Michael Weinreb is coming on.
Interest in batting 2nd?
Girls Empowerment Coach training class starts tonight.
Ready to connect with my new student.
PUMPED
B i just saw all your tweets but thanks a tonespecially for your call it made my bday :and hes an NFL player good enough!
lol
It can be, for sure.
I'll let you know the next time I do it.
What's twitter
M3YouGod  the perfect us
same!
virtual high five!!!
TeamItaliana hey boo.
is paying to advertise on twitter.
What a sad state of affairs when Special Interests pay to spread lies on
Lost anybody?
pretty lame
China has overtaken the UK on the list of the world's top five wineconsuming nations according to new figures released by Vinexpo and IWSR
Red mebattery...
Also if u happen to watch the video, look at the last HR and check where the catcher set up n where the pitch went
Someone else mentioned 21st but it doesn't look like they are in IL just WI, Dale's either.
Dumb distribution laws.
Another person thinks The Help is a counterpoint to...wait for it...Gone with the Wind.
1860...1960...whatevs...
Sadly no!
: What is the best thing you have tasted so far?
haha not sure why that is, and it's been that way for a few months.
CANT WAIT TO DOWNLOAD IT3
WashingtonDC for the weekend with !!!
SO EXCITED!!
I like this idea you have of doctornking coffee before runs.
Looks like I'm making a pit stop at !
it's okay, i just found a language converter for that one..
LOL!
you just divide it haha you have a B
Some girls like flowers and chocolate, I prefer shoes 
Video is uploading now!
I have special video for you guys today!
Two in one day!
omg your videos are so funny 3
Latinas are the best who don't like latinas?
Shes nothing like a girl youve ever seen before Nothing you can compare to your neighborhood girl
I'm at a loss for words right now how you can get away with such shitty everything.
Oh wait you're a monopoly!
That explains it
RT: I just don't want it to end That's the spirit.
Hardcore
I run at 2;30, 3:00 am.
Especially 1520 milers.
Have had heat exhaustion a few times
I went to a convent schoolfor a few months.
It didn't take, to put it mildly.
hit me up
cool.
I'll think about it too.
as long as there is something semi healthy I can eat, I'm happy!
looking forward to seeing you two!
RT : omg ur instagram working!?
Yea is yours not?
Whaddup dawg, who's playing for Lawrence on the summer tour?
Can I get on?
do you know who the Bees Gees are?
Getting our party on ; awe ya w/
Yo !
Check ur email...I just forwarded you a nice present from
DM your number
I just posted a note on my facebook with the detail!!
:
OMG SHAUN!
I have a GREAT place where the show could be...
text me ASAP!
:
I've had 6 cents in my pocket all day.
Does this mean I can see dead people 
's tweets make me smile everytime I read any of them.
3
yes especially this weekend with the monsoon in full swing.
Ugh enjoy the doctor heat though.
Pizza Playoffs on cleveland.com  My vote will be cast for Edison's Pub.
Greatest artists need people like you!
Thanks for supporting independent music!
has officially mastered Twitter....as of just now...
RT when people tweet bout their bf / gf is cute.
but tweetin bout them every 2 min.
isnt,
: Everyone: that's why won His voice is out of this world.
Seriously..
woah.
yeah this one .
Thanks for the mention!
:
.
yum recipe please;
REALLY GOOD MUSIC!!!!CHECK OUT on itunes!!!!!!
SHE SINGS AWESOME!!!!!!::RT!!!
To the boys who live above me: please play better music.
It's hard to fall asleep to that emo shit you play.
Thanks
Forgot to mention, I was frisked by TSA agents on the train today.
I feel soo violated.
Served breakfast in bed?
Ok not mad
Life is so goo....just sold some eights yahhh
I read 73 and sunny!
When you wake up feeling good about a Monday, you know you're in a good position!
Here's to a new week, friends!
Enjoy!
:
RT : Coding time.
Don't laugh, that would hurt like a bitch.
a song.
wrapping gifts for our sponsor family
I never thought jean shopping could be depressing.
alliwantforchristmas is a gym membership lol
Analyzing audio from Saturday night's investigation...
hopefully we'll catch something good!
no one cares if I'm not at school, so why go?
yeah they did lol its a tie now
Oh, I'll make you work at it, :
We started reading Wonder.
Didn't expect tears right away.
I had to hand it off to my 5th grader.
Then he had to pass it to his brother.
i would but ur not here for me to doctornk off of
The two most important things in my life are  and .
Got it  thanks!
Good too see local businesses embracing social media.
Thanks for that link!
AA proudly welcomes former NFL allpro and Kansas City Chiefs Hall of Famer to our celebrity advisory board.
people who say they aren't about that life..
usually low key wish they could be....
Can I smell your penguin feet?
milwaukee Carpe Diem!!!
Stop in, grab a free coffee, relax at the counter and let us shop your todo list for you!
Ahh I think he jumped on my tweet about Bo's contract extension
Come on down.
We'll accommodate.
Ticket sales at the door.
my pride always gets in the way .
10 Facebook Tips : dont like your own status.
good morning Grey Line Mappers!HAve a fantastic time today!!!
nope I missed it, got a quick link?
Just had to go back and tweak a webcomic I worked on earlier...let's just say it combines Will, and the DeLorean...
Bye bye, butterfly!
get up Darius!
can you please follow me?
i love teenwolf!!!!
kobe playin even tho he sick
why are you coming to Nashville ?
Are you having a concert ?
:
is impressed with Cam Newton on the first doctorve, but think the Packers need to knock the smug off him.
You know what sounds good right now???
Wilson's.
Are you romantic?
Do you believe that romance is dead?
I agree I like I'm Ready
Only on camera......I am ME!
Have you heard the new Pennywise record?
It ROCKS.....
hey, Dez how r u?
Do you  your better half ever go to Tbones games?
We're thinking about going to home opener if you're interested in joining.
mee to!
we plaued when it was like 30 degrees!
Also NFL star Brandon Marshall will be there.
The parade is so long its 2 days.
This Friday and Saturday.
totally normal.
I only slept like 3 hrs everyday since last Friday :
Many thanks to for ict2dc KSN interview.
Likely to air 1/15 at 5pm.
Will post link to video when it is up.
from a movie?
Lol im lost
stfu,,, i never eat your fuckin' cookies..
its all urs ;
your a punk
New Years is over.
Now the fun of trying to remember to write 2012 begins!
not me, have not worked for Romney campaign.
24 Hour ON Demand Courier, Delivery Service and Process Service geared to meet your needs!
Price and Service Guaranteed!
8775275737
ALLBIZ MICROPHONEBULLY STAND UP SMILEY THE GHETTO CHILD STAND UP 183
Thanks for the hospitality on Saturday!
Loved hanging out with all the great fans while we were up there!
Thanks for the follow !
Austin home value is increased by well maintained trees.
Not to mention the added shade helps keep cool
you're very welcome lil sistah : barely got home from the airport?
3
I have been.
For 20 minutes or so.
In the spirit of helping the fed economy we are getting a room dwntwn SD and emptying our bank accounts what u think about that?!
No, but I'll get started on Sat!
RT : How many type of rolls have you had at our diner?
Has anyone tried them ALL!?
What are some hot topics in the library science field that need to be written about more?
If you think youre too small to have an impact, try going to bed with a mosquito in the room.
I just want you all to know, I had a terrible weekend.
Congrats to all lawstudents who have finished or are finishing their last lawschool exams this week.
Hope CALI helped!
Tweet me ?
R.I.P.
Davy Jones remembering the cute little kid
It's really true.
RT : Overheard in the newsroom: Bacon is so in right now
: Running away from your problems is a race you will never win.
One is a childish fantasy that often engenders a lifelong obsession with its unbelievable heroes, leading to an emotionally stunted...
Seattle here, wish it was snowing!
RT : Life's problems wouldn't be called hurdles if there wasn't a way to get over them.
Author Unknown
Lindsay: Alcohol can increase chances of sleep doctorving with Ambien because it disrupts the sleep stage.
Did I just hear that a assistant coach was going up against Pau Gasol with football pads during practice yesterday?
I'll be joining ASNEChat as a guest with several former newspaper eds and will be tweeting replies, comments welcome.
23 pm ET.
Yes Big Tom!!
You need to come on our show!
The Radio would rock with all us on at the same time!!
haha
ASTD2011 Great session with Elain Biech  panel for building a practice session
pllzz follow me
RT : It's National Hat Day!
Post a photo of your fav hat on our FB page to win a 15 Starbucks gift card!...
Make sure you're blogging by 2012.
Social media marketing is not the future, it is NOW.
Take advantage of it!!!
so fucking proud of you right now!!!
That song just randomly came in my head.
It's been awhile since I've listened to Oceano.
Watching GIRLS is like watching the last five years of my life!
Ready!
Meet at Casa P P at 8.
:
GATORS ADVANCE TO THE ELITE EIGHT FOR THE SECONDS STRAIGHT YEAR!!
Ah!
And this!
I've had a couple of convos with people interested in pursuing doctormaturgy where I've told them to think again.
My sister has grown up near Pittsburgh...she says the weirdest things!
HEY YINZ!
I'S SAID.
I'M REPPING THIS SHIRT...
where are you?
You can get it from Cargo UK
Bad.
I woke at 6 with a huge migraine, and there was no Hephaestus with an ax closeby to let Athena out.
I survived, but weak like a kitty.
Thanks for the comments!
Enjoyed your video too...best of luck with the new album!
Thanks to for the follow!
Great to have you along.
black panther rally?
I just feel like busting out in tears.
Nothing I ever do is right..
Still waiting 4 right timealready spoken 2 peeps re K4/InCopy and content not containers.
1 more and they'll ignore me.
1/2
Making friends?
What's everyone doing tomorrow?
Come to our info session at the Orleans Street Library  6:15 sharp!
You may get lucky and win a prize!
Scratch that.
Amanda Bynes AND the dude who played the cop in The Hangover were both at the BMW I was at.
RT , superior marketing of an inferior product/svc often wins over inferior marketing of superior produce/svc
So far pretty good, I went in at 12.
CBS News now saying Santorum will win Alabama
Agreed RT : Just read on that was in talks with Kanye to sign to GOOD Music?!
Wow!
That would've been crazy
that was the best part!!!
Ps your icon is real hawt  Can I get youz digits?!?
Ah, gotcha.
Whatever happened to The Poor Man?
I was on that blog in its earliest days, but lost track after a while.
Why is everybody yelling!!
So long DC, so long ala10 I feel smarter and managed to leave with only one
son okay in Mexico in spite of flu and temblor.
things in hyper crisis mode here, everything shut down
So many great movies coming out.
But the very greatest will be premiering on July 20th.
3
Thinks Mark Sanchez is the real deal, was thoroughly impressed tonight.
Yoink hurled verbatim into swipe file
RT: QA with CA commcollege chancellor on efforts to improve completion rates:
listening to  loving new album
Assume not for Bobby V, correct?
RT For 8 yrs, before every first atbat against Sox, Jeter gave little cap tip to Francona.
Sure wht we gone do ?
hey!
whats up!
just being friendly Lol...
can't wait for to be back.
Merry Xmas and Happy Holidays to all...
Stay Sexy everyone!!
Fun night tonight 
my focus would damn near just be that champs league final against Bayern.
No one expected them to be there
Just got to SD...round 2?
Good time buddy, good times!
Is Trademarking the new THING?
cc.
BPL will hold public roundtable meetings for budget options
Step into my shoes and I promise you'd be laughing, too.
Decaf?!?!
Decaf!!?!??
That last bag of coffee in the cabinet is decaf?!??
I'm gonna have to....
Z...
New Mexico Satellite Man loves helping people pay less for TV!
Let's look at your monthly bill, maybe we can save you some money.
3506428
Dam girl u make me feel so good ,only youu :
So I spotted u in the premiere issue of  was beyond stoked :D Much 3
RT : I've got a theory that if you give 100 all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end.
Larry Bird
Perfect Stranglers
naw cause the letter to the Lamont gonna need a singer!!
why do all men lie cause what you just said was a fucking lie FOH more of a social life than ya grandmom!!...
nikka i laugh
HOUSE MUSIC
You are right!
Have you been?
Your girlfriend is gorgeous  loyal, why flirt w/ other bitches ?
Its like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock.
Thanks for the advice, Terry!
I am looking into the JHU Credit Union as we speak.
My server brewed fresh Bourbon Pecan coffee just for me...and him...
that is LOVE : thank you
The Avengers was really funny..
Sad day for me: Seahawks lost!
yes its fair,most fans want a championship and if resting stars is what it takes then its fair
that was yesterday.
they won 65 today.
As an employee of that certain bookstore.
It pained me to remove the books by
Much love to the followers giving shout outs!
I FUCKING HATE GETTING LOST
Going to STL to see family, watch both the and , and enjoy some beer!
Great STL weekend of fun!
ended up helping out our celeb neighbor with some flooding
Gained a pound.
WTF???
PFFFFFFFT.
Lettuce and water diet starting now.
I feel like a target on the expressway.
Dave Grohl really is an amazing person
Hooray!
I am sure it is relevant and tempered!
King's Court: A Modern Dance and Theater Spectacular...2nite 8pm
Sounds good.
: RT : Late night Pilsner w/ at Five Napkin Burger after seeing  Pops.
tonight is gonna be funn!
3 :
Haven't been like this in a while
Someone raised the point to me that No, Bloggers are not journalists, but need to be treated with respect
im god.
He wouldn't want you to do that ether
I kno I gotta start Chekn my food now
My dog has a humping problem.
rachel did you just kill the obama commencement feed!?
way to go, jeez!
For those who believe in God no explanation is necessary.
For those who do not believe in God no explanation is possible.
Man When The Heat Lose Tonight Ima Be 'n a lot of ppl
Cutler did amazingly yesterday.
He was more of a leader than I've ever seen before.
Its not who you are that holds you back, its who you think you are.
Author Unkwon
Hi Im GORGEOUS GIRL
Highly recommend movie Bernie.
You've heard of the 6 flags of Texas, watch this movie to learn about the 5 states of Texas!
:
Need my damn food.
Alot popping in hollywood for me this week, a real whirlwind of events amazing im truely blessed, lots of work yeah
what is wrong
Austin and Mahomies are Sexy Justin and Beliebers are Sexy
you didnt say hi back.
jerk.
Very sorry to hear about your father passing.
Very glad you wrote the Huffington Post article.
Thanks 4 your words!
I hope all have a HAPPY HOLIDAY!!!
Have a great weekend!
Eating a Root beer flavored icey Winning.
Lol
I will try 2 live tweet from the hearing on SB 1291: Help LaidOff Teachers Retrain to Teach in Hard2Staff Math, Science  Special Education
' we are pretty happy about too!
Good luck on your casserole, you'll need it.
What comes out of your mouth is determined by what goes into your mind
Overslept again!!!
No time to workout!
Grumble grumble
thanks!
you too
Greetings!
We are still looking for that perfect fit!
Our site is Coming Soon!..
17 Million is a lot of cash.
Woo hoo!
RT : Congrats, !
If they are bringing sushi, yay.
doctorving to chatard for my last day of school...
I spent your birthday reading Red Glove.
Thank you for another fabulous book!!!
even other people's bad attitudes will not bring me down today.
i won't let them.
I always feel like somebody's watching me.
Tune into to hear doctor Sushi interview the Sons of Daughters Trio on the Free Jazz BBQ.
The trio performs tonight at the Tonic Tavern.
ndpl everyone has something to contribute to the growing DPLA movement

When  get together my TL gets fuckn hilarious!!!!
the signs in the article indicate no RT:Is now the time to invest in health care stocks?: The Telegraph, UK Sat, 12/17/11  11:46 am
MT : The first lane of the new I85 N bridge over the Yadkin River opened at 1:15am.
Second lane should open by 8am.
Food, love, career, and mothers, the four major guilt groups
on my way to see Tatianna
Happy Birthday!
Salute : rt : Birthday lunch at in a little bit?
Me thinks yes!
Those unis are so terrible.
Louisville looked like garbage last night, and Baylor will tonight too.
had a great lunch with Fab Forty genealogy blogger littlebyteslife and her delightful daughter.
working on it ;
Chillin wit Tyga Chris Breezy...you know , the usual : lol wbu.?
RT : what you been up to dude
.
Awesome Win, Highlights and reaction at 11 GoHawks!
Don't make the fuzzy parrot beg...
no problem, count me in!
Text me the addoctorss and I will be over after the Prayer Breakfast at New Sardis
What to do about lunch today...
2 tickets to ONE DIRECTION sold out show plus backstage passes being given away May 5 at ROOM 101!!
With HOT 107.9
Going to bed late....hope I can get up early to play some ball!!
GodblessAmerica 3 why does it have to hurt like this?
DAYUMM NikkiMinaj that figure is on point!!!
RT Colon cancer rap video: If there's a polyp, it might be a scare, But don't fret it, man, they'll snag it with a snare
The best thing is that with all the stuff I've invested in, I'm starting a side dj business with my bro.
Had THEE BEST doctoram in my life this morning but it was ruined when my son woke up and launched a ball at me from his crib .
Thanks Jr :
RT: Love the smell of opening a new box of swisha sweets grape!
happy birthday:'
Made it to Louie's.
Massive mound of orangecheese nachos before me.
Go Giants!
at my school you can!!
But we don't have Internet :
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 followers.
Don't forget to shop today!
lmao that's guys for ya!
New Featured Bit is now up!
Shats R Us Hear it at www.freekshowradio.com
Great day of weather here in Boston 2day//Wait 20 min's it will change'''
You did?!
wait!
What did you think?!
Hoax?
If so, where does the hoax begin?
And what did you make of the doctorams?
gonna cry myself to sleep because of..
Haha.
Be the change you want to seemy thought of the night.
My headphones are in.
My music is on.
Goodnight everybody.
.
found that games are most effective when designed with  within the community  seems obvious but can be easily forgotten
Won't be at this weekend busy bike racing.
Hoping for some good webcasts/tweets from attendees!
Hancock has a way of making these things interesting, a bit like a good novel.
Particularly Sign and Fingerprints.
Bobby V is so fired.
we expect you to be at every single event :
of course.
Imy too!
If Wednesday's are referred to as Hump Day in a given work week, what is Thursday?
Isn't going downhill a bad thing?
Kanye with the Victoria's Secret fashion show  an A winning night
one dirty penny ...
Please excuse the high volume of tweets coming from us in the next hour: It's TTOT time!
Love the video!
lol you're speaking nonsense
Thanks, Angela.
:
This show reminds me why I don't like people.
Lol.
for real lol
Can't wait for December!
When we first met, I had no idea youd become this important to me.
iam 25 and my work is a translation language and travel to different country But I don't.
Work for company's.
I free of that!
U?
Is it normal to have someone walk by you with what smells like RAID as perfume?
The website for the castle my client is getting married at has scrolling text, shadows, animated gifs,  terrible clip art!
be a whole lotta love out here for you guys...
take a big deep breath and have some fun now with that good stuff you do
Every little thing I do you're on my mind
It gets a little weird toward the end, but stick with it!
Hmm..
I should start watching it through again!
Not sure who's jamming the music here in Bellevue but
Google has new 'privacy' policy Seems creepy to me Like something from TV show Person of Interest ;
When you not around yo' crew you a whole new person!
SMH
Cookies aren't just for Santa anymore...give Mama a call for your Christmas/Holiday cookie  dessert orders 3125450951
Wishing everyone a warm, safe, and happy holiday!!
It's official...
at this time next week I will be a Mac user :
Awesome time with the TAZJ!!!!
i love my cousins so much.
:
I'm no celeb, but I hope you have a happy birthday!
Los Alamos fire chief confident WIPPbound waste barrels will not burn; they'll tackle any spot fires nearby immediately
Agree  Was just thinking I'd love to go to a game there.
They are a fun team to watch, rooting for them this year.
On the Circulator headed to City Hall for the Mayor's Hispanic Heritage Month celebration
lets share knowledge and try to move education forward.
Would like to skype to see what we can learn.
I feel the need to publicly congratulate those behind this weekend.
Firstclass event that this city NEEDED.
haha I meant date.
they r cute !
Just left Horseshoe Casino, I lost 30.00 inwhich it was quarters, dimes, and pennies that I saved....I love you, sleep with the angels
Book our new model 20 passenger Cadillac Escalade limousine for tonight for 5 hrs  receive the 6th for free!
Love the notion of gamification of documentation and questing discussed by
Next issue: special education.
Burke says she would need to research to give advice.
BTW, we may have our issues, but we're not Untied yet!
:O is coming back to the Untied States of America!!!
Sadly, PC would get crushed in the Beanpot.
Hockey  great.
A talented Rangers prospect  bad.
From BC  horrible.
Meryl Streep looks so young and beautiful in 1982's Still of the Night.
Loved InfoCampSeattle yesterday; loving GeekGirlCon today.
Wish I could've spent a full weekend at both!
watching her.
It was pretty funny!
And I know, they were adorable together!
Sucks staying in when everyone is out
this us do dope!
lol yea that's a great idea ;
Just had to google Who is Kate Upton?
because what are you even talking about, Internet?
four a.m.
other than Brown, anyone worth making a trip to see for Richmond?
My name is Frank Odia and I am a recruiter.
I am looking for RoR developer.
Are you open to contracts or permanent opps?
Stop tweeting about it and actually do something.
Andoctora txt me!!!!
thanks for the follow, business of books, mom!
Today I would not survive a Zombie apocalypse.
I would survive Vampires tho because I've got no blood to feed them.
:
I have to say...other than Game 4, this series was frustrating as HELL.
Fresh start, fresh series.
Good riddance Hawks.
probs happens to you on a daily basis
Open gym tonight from 8  10pm.
See y'all there!
WeLiveInAWorldWhere true love is scoffed at :/ CanIJustMoveToMars?
Coral Cantigas is now a twitter!
they are owning this overtime!
Couldn't ask for a better Fall day to be on the golf course!
Above all, always remain true to urself.
The decisions u make today, determines ur happynes of tomorrow
This section of the officially codified compilation of federal legal statutes is entitled Refugees and migration
hey Chris, hope all is good in your world...
Game is still on tonight at 7  Coppell!
Be there!!!
definitely not english but i love hot tea with milk.
The storyworkbook however, causes the reader to experience, inquire, discuss and solve the problems of this 21st century
Harvard, Manhattan School of Music, Berklee  Oberlin are 4 colleges the seniors in Latin Jazz Youth Ensemble of SF will attend in 2010 WOW
What wrote to fans next on with Michael Berk.
Sending daddy to go buy One Direction Up All Night Live Tour on May 29  good daughter :
Looks like Delmon Young might need bail.
Can you help him out Big V?
not to intrude on your...chronversation, but maybe your username should be TonyChronson33?
DARN IT!!!!
I was this close to finishing my EtchaSketch masterpiece
yes.
didn't realize how quick 3 days is.
it was so hectic.
i'm planning on coming back again soon for longer.
i want to see you!
ok cool I'm still waiting on the track for the last one.....
ik same here...
Looking 2 sell your home?
Government grant 2 help w/ selling costs.
Let me interview 4 the job  I will give U your own web page w/listing
I agree!
Perhaps you'll consider submitting a proposal to present.
See you there!
i would cry for the rest of my life if he replied fuck no.
lmfao
PLAY IT AGAIN OMG.
SKC goazolo!
Lawrence Olum assisted by everyone else!
Great game w and
hey  I didn't see the price, how much is it for the NYE show?
BLA aboutta dick tomorrow at the Aloha Bash.
aye
palepeopleproblems the sun reflecting off your skin and blinding people...
Lmao yea that would be awesome
OH, YES!
you just brought back high school....
LOL
you make me soo happy!

a quote by Ian Bowman from just now.
I'm ready for out little hangout
aren't you like 40 years old and you tryna hit on me oooowee no ,
Kate's not this funny.
I am not associated with the campaign.
But I'm sure they know who I am, as my humor is easy to recognize.
Had a great night 3
oh shit, really?
thats awesome!
Still gonna have to say the best show I've ever seen has been GWAR.
lol if u can imagine
hi derrick!when r u going to be at one of the challenge shows again?
Yes I am.
It looks like some time in April.
I have to figure out the dates.
I would love it to be near or on my birthday.
Who will be my 100th follower?
You are a minister and all ground is holy.
responds to question from director of spiritual life Todd Clayton.
Good morning : Have a great day X
Headed Bak to the A....
What's the difference between serving popular beers and concept defining beers?
Having customers on a Monday night.
I've never heard of BeaClown but I did just Google the movie SinginIntheRain and see that MakeEmLaugh copied
Just uploaded two podcasts to Itunes.
Check out Artisan Ancestors for episodes about a Saddle Tree Factory and another about TN Samplers
Come get your FREE chicken biscuit with any purchase from 910:30 this morning.
It's free breakfast week!
what time should I be over?
Kudos to and the entire Berkman team for a well run DPLA event.
I've met him and I'm pretty sure I'm not the only one that thought it was love at first sight!
lol!
At least, not to the vegans.
;
Google made some slight changes to gmail today.
Did anyone besides me notice?
Going to the NATO Summit lol.
Looks like some outfield seats available at Tokyo Dome for MLB season opener.
Wonder if I can catch a plane in time for tomorrow's game?
who's paring donuts and beers?
they should have some decent Chinese food places in Detroit, right :D
I EXTREMELY 3 THAT PICTURE.
Blake also averaged 2112 against SAS this year.
I have sample ballot, but am looking for reporting on candidates.
Media doesn't cover them.
Thanks though.
Not too much smaller than last year IMO.
thanks for the tweet!
We'd love to speak with you after the pitches!
who is the nomark accusing jedward of ripping off Henry Hollands quiff haircut??
we pay royalties to DonKing for that look!!
As in U gave in or that they are gone?
Im making dessert jello shots tmister 4 a few MayBabies.
What would you rather see  Lime Wedge JelloShots, or Sprinkled Cupcake JelloShots?
Will you be livetweeting from tonight's TechStartupWorld Miami event, hosted by here in our shared space?
Let us know!
Good Morning.....
Happy Friday
Just got home from VDay Sacramento's production of the Vagina Monologues  packed house at the Crest!
Great show.
Awesome RT : So now do other owners write letters to DavidStern, complaining about DanGilbert giving Sessions to the Lakers?
Just got busted by light rail security.
They are very SWAT teamish.
Thanks for that RT yesterday!
Also, we're loving the stick figures  socks look...you guys look ready to hit the slopes ;
the throne from which he will reign for ever, doctorwing to himself humanity of every age and offering to all the gift of redemption
Back on the no smoking kick.
Its easier this time around but still gets rough
doctornking with the pops out by the pool while the ladies go makeup shopping.
There's a chance I'm buying a new cell phone, but other than that, I could probably be coaxed out.
What are you thinking?
double hip replacement ...
Hell ya, preventative medicine
wish I were back in Australia....
I will get there again and won't leave.
No Doubt!
SALUTE!
Headed to Luigi's Fungarden in Sacramento for our first Sac show in a while.
and are playing too!
Swingin at the beach makes for a happy girl.
Discounted tix for Fridays game vs The Nationals.
Strasburg vs.
Kershaw, fireworks, Dodger dogs, a little magic.
Dont mind if I do!
doctorms and rythym guitar done, bass today and well see what else we get done !!!
What song do you wanna hear ?
Got my ATL ticket!!!:
Are you coming to tonight?
Above all try something::::::: Franklin Delano Rosevelt
Evidence of a fashion faux pas: you see a model on TV out of your peripheral vision, and you mistake her outfit for a Bob's Big Boy costume.
Speak English
RT : Henry, Sara, myself: ...
Natural is the way to go.
come out to on the rox tonight at 9 pm!
show some love!
Thats the ingenuity i love from you, we can get some cinder blocks and build a fire pit on your coffee table
Rain didn't wait until nightfall, ATL.
Hope u didn't get wet.
OWN v103Atlanta twitterchat 
While we were hoopin this girl was laying out to tan and was bustin out so many dif positions..lol she wanted d from somebody
just left the new adoctorft float spa in It's so great for anyone who needs a little stress relief!
I know !
:c lol
it's possible!
;
I suppose we could just get the maple bacon donut at voodoo  2 strips of bacon
Glad we go to theatre 45 min early.
We actually got good seats.
And Colton is here...
Again.
Addicted?
We usually wait till they get to the Super Saver.
Not this one!
last saturday of spring break....going to the club?
I miss you bby!
Hi Raynald  if you're interested, willing  think it's worth the trouble you're welcome to translate  repost w/disclosurelink
When you have so much work to do and you have no idea where to start?
So you ignore it all and spend your evening on twitter!
suninscorpio's photo thanks for the foto Allie!
So are you gonna follow me now?: Mahomiesgohard !!
33
hahahaha.
That may have just made my day lol
Laying in bed looking at the ceiling and suddenly a little nose appears on the side, take me out woman!
WALK TIME!
dead silence, one missed call,  paranormal activity 3 all in less than 13 hours  me scared for the rest of my life.
I'll have to check that out.
I prob know less than that.
You are funny GO TO BED woman : Aaayyeeeee god bless the world !
And please keep the wind down as me and the homies BBQ tomorrow
your a gold digger ass friend lmao JK JK
Breakfast is ready!
i just dont feel like going to school anymore??
3 more months ...
RT : Purpose is activated only when you have receptivity.
Awareness is key to achieving what the universe has planned for you.
I've lectured a few spaniels in my time  has a pic of me in CA looking like I'm teaching a rock pool!
Adversity causes some men to break, and others to break records.
More great weather here.
Q1  feeling guilty with not having enough time to spend with them?
Adamsville has just gotten worse since we got a new vice principal.
I mustache you when this EP is being released
If anybody is out tonight in Philly and you happen to see the Pens out doctorwning their sorrows, PLEASE tweet your location.
Going to the mall today for a ps3 ya
Saw ladies chilling in bikini tops twice today.
Probably the same ones who will be wearing boots midJuly.
It's here!!
I'll survive this conference yet!
I'm sneezing and I'm coughing AT THE SAME DAMN TIME 
yumyumyum!!!
heading to the kitchen...
Awesome.
RT : In honor of and our awesome baseball outing, fruitcup is my new whomp.
Fyi.
Its beautiful here I'm never coming back home
Girl, you are looking flavorized!
HA!
:
Peekin over the hump of humpday at the days to come this wknd  Satfull of song at Hopewell; Sunfull of song/msg at Temple!
thanks for the FF Carmine!
Haha
I think I wanna Marry youu, ;
moist.....nice choice of words: haha
Official bike sharing program to launch at noon at Palo Alto College thanks to Viva verde!
Rt: follow  a music artist  dancer from the uk and gain followers fast : x teamfollowback RT
I, umm, never mention Black Rooster Cafe.
you are so mean.
You douche!
80sNight TOMORROW NIGHT!
Open bar from 1012 Ladies 10 Gents 20  be there!
Come party with Mile High!
I'm going back to sleep 
The Trail of Tears, the result of the Indian Removal Act of 1830, is one of the darkest chapters in American history.
I'm confused.
Can't say that I'm surprised.
Very unfortunate though.
Can someone come to my house and braid my hair :
We're running smoked fish tacos again tonight!!
Come on down!!
Why the hell am I even here today?
Sat around in first block, watched movies in second, third I'll do nothing, and fourth is another movie.
Sorry, Friday Nite Strenghts Movie will be posted late this week.
Ill have it up by Sun
Yep new one going up today!
The tattoo idea was discussed :
having a party Saturday, May 26, 2012...text me if u wanna come!
571.232.6478
no i leave tomorrow night
I didn't take Leyland to be griping  he gave credit to Granderson for hitting a pitch that was likely high  a ball
Alright, I apologize for the broke ass website.
I made some minor changes to make it more palatable until I get it cleaned up further.
what you Guys doing!
:
hope to work with you soon.
have some of me!!!
that's right our D will be just fine
G.P.
Morgan.
Come on Conservatives, how can you deny the reality in nonregulation anymore?
What spin will you use now?
I guess its awesome.
I hardly text him.
Lat time I texted him was...
about 2 weeks ago
Moving: check.
Two projects wrapped: check.
Summer gigs: check.
Heading to China: double check.
See you in 10 days!
If your cool you'll rt this ;D
New Orleans rain is no joke.
No one say the K word...
And is pretty awesome.
But Goodnight Ally!
please.
please follow me
Woke up to an email from my pastor saying I'm going on the mission trip, God has really opened all the doors for me
Smh now go to bed
How hard will it be to get a hotel room there Super Bowl week?
thanks for following us: whats up?
Really shoulda took some meds yesterday.
This is Wat I get for tryna to downplay it.
Damn.
O well, no time to complain.
Off to work
nae and chae saw the video to..ah lol
Just linked up with Xpect Sounds, bout to work on this collab venture, Coming Soon....Shout out to Rome and Sha
About to take off to Central America bye USA see u in 3 weeks.
aww im sorry love : Ugh, i hate bein sick!
Hope u get better soon!
Always a pleasure.
Send it over.
thank you for coming!
What was your take away?
you're awesome girl!
Best of luck to you and let me know if I can help you in any way....I KNOW peeps!!
lol
Oh yea and im not a moron.
I am complaining about the people that represent you
Say what you mean, do what you say!
I'm starting Latisse prescription for my eyelashes tonight.....stay updated cause I tell it like it is!
holy crap, we turned a double play!
Leave it to Joss Whedon to dig up a PG13 cbomb.
jennifer said she watched the video that i put up on youtube..
started crying..
why does this video mane everyone cry??
we are waiting in Memphis !!
Presley and Callie are excited !!!
My mom just said oh, so everybody TWITS now instead of using facebook?
lololololololololololol
Now we on rush and division and rush street...feeling good feeling great
Crunch time for the Flyers.
I thought PHI would handle the Devils.
Can't wait to watch light up 40 year old Brodeur!
yeah, yeah
It's okay, I just don't know ;p
Is it possible to find out and report what we learned from that elderly monkey before it died?
How many studies did it help?
I know i was really bummed that i couldnt go but hopefully by then ill have a job cuz right now i am completely broke, I have to pay
Lowkey they say.
mybestfriendsof2011 God , Mom , Alicia , 3 I Love Them :
game cube.
Yeaa thats the word.
LeBron James named third youngest NBA MVP in history.
Amazing opportunity to change your financial future
Just finished participating in a conference call with President Obama.
I'm honored to be a part of one of his latest initiatives.
Thanks to Peter for personally delivering my auction winnings to me here in Carmel, IN all the way from Ohio!
Excellent!
are you at work today?
If any of these doctorft picks tell Suzy Kolber they want to kiss her tonight, I will buy their jersey tomorrow.
Mike Wallace is.
It's possible any team Manning goes to will trade for him
I had not considered that.
Entirely possible.
Lots of crab asses today.
I hate gloomy days like this !
I'm alway much more tired than normal
id like to think of myself as a young elvis in the flesh or young hank its whatevss
hi I think is adorable 3
time to change my dp :'D
Thank you guys ;
Because it's based on comparison.
Terrific Thursdays 3
And yes ill be sitting outside freebird for 5hours for
We miss you Sudha!
bcb6 is the hashtag, no livestream I'm afraid.
Experience is a comb which nature gives us when we are bald.
Proverb
Isn't every day recordstoreday?
Sundazed 45s are a little pricey but worth it, beautiful art and liner notes !
Buy them all!!
it's ight
Hot!
Where did you find this pic?
YES!
I get that way too.
Oh so fucking great.
It's like he's almost weeping.
Never saw much resemblance between Charlie Sheen and Emilio Estevez, but seeing their dad in Apocalypse Now I totally see it
yeah, we def need to work on those projects!
You get in touch with those henna girls?
I am terrible luck for the Reds.
I'm all alone and I need you now
I must say I am one loco individual ..sometimes 
Comment if you like paying for GATE FEES at tournaments.
Diesel fuel contamination  What it is and how to
Be a team player and PLAY HARD!!!
sure thing!
I start next Monday, just FYI.
I'll definitely keep y'all posted.
Cops heading to Union Sq with bags of zip cuffscorrections buses, ready to arrest kids while the real criminals are further downtown
At the MIT Media Lab listening to LinkedIn's founder Reid Hoffman explain How to Benefit 100 Million People
I wanna party  bullshitttttttttt
Bands that rocked my face off at UMS so far, Hoots and Hellmouth, Achille Lauro, and Halden Wofford and The HiBeams.
Visit our website www.stardesignsa.com to get started on your new design, business card or website today!
No!!
RT : Hey Portland, OR is it snowing like the weathermen say?
LOL!
Didn't turn out rt, so I deleted it!
It was a body...
I was gonna tell you to put some dang clothes on 'for I tell ya mom!
Just as we predicted on the SundayMorningHangover on , UK will now hold primetime presser announcing NBA decisions.
Motion to start referring to the Brewers fifth infielder position as the braunstop.
Face it, who brings in somebody from IDPF to a romance con and then points out panel attendance was low.
Duh!
Started INSANITY this week.
Ouch!
Determined for the rip.
Will let you know if I am still alive next week.
Kay im done.
DUECESS
We'll be collecting ewaste at Millersville location Saturday from 91 doctorp off computers, cell phones, iPods, monitors, or mice it's FREE!
Kirk Cameron is unnatural, detrimental and ultimately destructive
Show time tomorrow!
No man or woman who tries to pursue an ideal in his or her own way is without enemies.
.
Public unions' ability to perform their purpose quashed by Walker bill.
Which was the point.
You disagree?
There's an LJS, but the coupon is only good for Red Lobster, and we were at Olive Garden.
So...confusing.
lmao I'm clean too :
haha thats pretty freaking hilarious though.
TODAY IS THE DAY NEW POP SINGLE OFFICIAL VIDEO SHOOT AT CLUB NIGHT MOVES AT 7PM TONIGHT SEE YOU THERE!!!!!!!!
tiip4p Business Acumen sim, bought off the shelf  if emp can't make the relation, they have wrong leaders running the biz
love it :
Sounds good but what does that mean?
Working on video shoot for just announced MusicMatrix artist, Backstreet Boys Howie D.
First single from his debut album.
www.howied.com
North Korea...holy shit
So cuando vienes..
Where y'all staying at
Thanks for the follow!
Thank you!
We're looking forward to it as well!
that's lmfaoo but she says thankss 
ThatDepressingMoment when you get a text from your friend who says he is going to kill himself .....
RT Lean Startup  moving the risk earlier in the startup lifecycle.
Eating rice krispies and doctornking some milk.
c:
the only thing thats on my mind is im gone leave with somethin
i beg to differ :D
What is your favorite trick/tip for cleaning and working on your bike?
Welcome!
RT : San Francisco for the
Ah, but of course!:
All I want right now is to be in your arms :/ I'm scared  you make me forget.
Great day to live in Indiana's heart.
Super Bowl Sunday!!!
I didn't see what he was doing until now.
I'm not following that crap.
Building a dashboard for the god ruby gem so that I can track my scrappy twitter scrapers.
Sometimes it prints There is no god.
Har har.
what's up Cody it's wade from Phoenix
Boyfriend needs to get off work and save me from this boredom.
fridayreads TRAVELER OF THE CENTURY, THE WHITE ALBUM, THE NEW JIM CROW
Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world.
Ralph Waldo Emerson via
One last tweet: I want to call Mark Zuckerberg  complain that everyone's professorle pictures are pixelated on Facebook!
Like we couldn't tell from those AWESOME graphics they show, Looks like someone who's never used a cpu does those graphics!
i wish could come to Las vegas again and come to my school if they did it would be totaly Mindless luv u guys PeaceLuv3
Thanks for your interest!
Writing to answer people's most burning questions, if you have any specific ones please let me know!
RIP BenGazzara.
Very Talented actor.
He'll be missed.
Tease.
How'd it turn out?
That piece has been years in the making.
GREEN team Rulz
yeah she lives in wm.
we'll swing by and kick it with you for a while.
I'm sure she wants to see your puppy.
Right, ?
Halfway into ep2 of Analyze and it's like falling in love w/the band all over again.
Regardless of what says.
I swear I read about an import process that's out there..
but I can't find any reference to it now.
Off to this morning to see their House  Home exhibit.
Can't wait!
Yes UK fans you all need to follow
Thx to Literacy Source for letting us meet their wonderful ELS students for our info worlds assignment!
MURFC suffered a crushing defeat yesterday at the hands of UWPlatteville.
It will be an uphill battle from here on out.
In about 4 hours the career of RG3 will be over.
Smh.
we should book sooner than later obviously.
1 night or two?
Wait.
Fifty Shades of Grey isn't about photography!?!?!?!!?
crowdpitch yesterday was great.
So happy to see more of these kind of entrepreneurial activities.
I agree!
Thank god JPP got hurt.
Collinsworth can finally talk about something else...
if you don't chew big red then FUCK YOU
Cheers and good morning to you too!
Up and at 'em and ready for a productive day!
Make it a good one!
masswomen we spend more time on grocery lists than figuring out what makes us unique and valuable.
By the end of the weekend, third place will be ours
New for warmer weather: iced coffee!
check the fridge!
is it still not letting you follow me?
thank you, Lisa!
Love that is pressing NFLdoctorft choice names on jerseys as the picks come in
but its only sunday...
Im gonna do so much homework today after school while my boyfriend is at work c:
People have two seconds to get my attention or it's cast into the to do later folder!
LOL.
I can see why people hire agents...
Guess I need to change my twitter professorle pic to an actual pic of me.
Just one lesson I'm learning from ' TPC class!
Poor !!
Somebody needs to give her a BIG HUG!!
:D
FloridaEchelonSisters Can I just say this is FUCKING amazing!
lol!
:
never texted me back da other day ox
I am in love with he rocked his performance..
Love watching xfactor...
Vote for josh!!!
L'amie de ma femme new single
Hey guys: I can't to enter on instagram right now :P without internet!
only incredibly rich villains own a venus flytrap.
The company we work for may not have reliable management, but if we work hard and stay dedicated we will have a clear conscience
did you just try to spam me
don't be using fancy words cuz you're a teacher

WestBrook Will Fry His Lil Ass , Don't Get Me Wrong CP nice But WestBrook Give Niggas Hell
doctorve safely SanDiego the roads are wet !!
Should the NFL cancel the Pro Bowl?
I believe in curses.
I think Megatron is screwed too.
Thank goodness for super cute Hunter rain boots or I would be really grumpy this week.
Rain again tomorrow?
Ugh.
WE Go too DA CLUB!!!
we so
Congrats to The Boston Steal!
1 month ago you changed your 2 yr old twitter acct to 1,200 followers?
I KNOW OMG IM DYING RIGHT NOW i listened to it like 5 times already its on repeat !!!
I'm listening to itRightNow!
So I just woke up out my sleep for no reason at all
your gonna cleanse me of all my mushy lines if you do that
s/o to dude always painting fly shit..From DME
you know, i've actually done that.

Use a video distribution service like TubeMogul to upload your video content to many sites.
June 25, 2009  the day the 70's died.
Rock on, King of Pop.
Fare thee well, Angel.
Be on the lookout 4 my latest all House EDM mix entitled I Put My PJAYs On Volume 1 on the 25th of this month  every month after!
If you live in Milwaukee or Chicago, you should try to check out Charles Bradley in concert this weekend.
Amazing show.
awesome talk and reception with Thanks for supporting such a wonderfully important event
Yes, please!
Want to read ALL THE TWEETS.
Stay tuned for more contests from Gordon Pictures.
why do people walk around with bad breath; and they always want to get up in your face.
that pisses me off;
putting up a bluebird box in our yard  hope to entice some of those beauties to us!
Congrats to and
Happy Thanksgiving blessings to all.
Sophia Grace and Rosie should not be allowed into Nicki Minaj concerts.
Not with what she wears.
SEETHROUGH.
Very very sloppy 1st if spol is a good coach he will have us come out blazin in da 2nd
Yes, borderlands is fun, I wouldn't even try to go much further in rage, doesn't really get better.
Holidays are over.
What are the updates in the kidwithdoctoram saga?
You will play on the Florida Poker Tournament Tour right?
BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl tell her you don't like Justin Bieber or One Direction
: Hello Hello!
Auditions coming soon at end of April!!!
Lots of good stuff happening!
Check out the website www.2ndclasscabaret.com !!!
most brilliant tweet...ever RT : That's what.
She
Although all states now have identifiable public disclosure policies on ChildAbuse fatalities, not all have policies re nearfatalities
I'm bartending tonight at Vintage.
Come play with me!!
He dared her to make out with a stuffed wolf and shes doing it.
Snow White  The Huntsman...I wanna see that
When you believe the worst about yourself, even the slightest wind can knock you down.
Taking my baby to get her shots.
:
Inconceivable!
Someone in CHSS is getting a 45 year service award this year.
Mason is living up to its great place to work rep.
explain ohio st's little helmet stickers, is that like a gold star
I'm thinking that was the Magic Summer Tour.
I could be wrong though.
Calling all musicologists!
Look for officers Josh Sternfeld and Elizabeth Arndt at AMS in SF this ThursSat.
Consults available!
sweep the Dakota Wizards in the first round of the playoffs!
The Jam advance to the semifinals!
Final Score 9391
And if you have a quality message, its never been cheaper to get out
Second breakdown this month ..
shit has to change .
happy birthday, bailey : xx
'That's what she said'?
What does that mean?
Who is she?
NFLNetwork is awesome Tuesday night television.
And I agree, the Giants got hosed with that schedule.
Holly is a tough act to follow, let me know if you need help with a search for this person.
I can help.
ipadjealousy dittos.
Saw a rumor on Mashable today that Verizon network will support the ipad2.
Will I wait?
I've seen plenty cute short guys, its just natural to be shorter than the guy...otherwise you get lots of stares lol.
If youre going to tell someone you love them, then you better live up to those words cause love needs to be shown, not said.
curse that damn I10 !
Lol
I love you too.
3
I've never seen my Facebook blow up like this.
They may be right.
And their excitement is clearly working up the age scale.
intel lights and i have a love hate relationship
Front page of USA today: If something isn't Tweeted, did it really happen?
Lord, have mercy.
Working/shooting in beautiful Belize with the BTB!
And WI loses jobs.
: Corporate republic of Fitzwalkerstan took a big blow today as mining bill goes down 1716.
Thanks to all...
I do too, follow me to hear all brewers, all the time.
Hmm.
Neither boys are super thrilled to see me after a work trip.
Better luck with the cats when I get home.
Getting ready to present at Google Doc's Missouri Association of School Librarians
You are so wrong.
Bert Blyleven belonged in the Hall years ago.
good morning !
You just got knocked the fuck out!
Pt.
2: so I then picked the 1 coin word, and sent back a doctorwing of the word LAME.
She hated it.
Anarchists?
Not outsiders.
Occupiers from other cities?
Not outsiders.
Your major donors?
OK, outsiders.
BECUZ U NAURTY NAURTY RT : Oh lord almighty, out of no where, mistersimple starts playing in my head  now I can't stop it ;;
Passion and enthusiasm are ways of life for everything you do, not something done temporarily for an end result.
Zach Marcy
let's get some.
Acid is for bitches real men shoot heroin
people that like to smoke endo love J Crawford
went to the site and the price stated is 9.99 not 2.99.
Is there a special code missing?
ya kno I was up at 8 and had some coffee packed up my shit and said hey WWAED so I curled the hair
: To me darkskin boys look better then lightskin boys anybody else agree?
we appreciate you
so glad you're enjoying it!
Should I go on the market this year?
::Flips a coin::
One Direction 
If you didn't know: doctorving while Black, Brown, high, doctornk, tweaking, bared out, leaning, fried or otherwise fcked uparrested!7132227577
Thad Matta needs to go roam bourbon street from the looks of him in that interview!
SMH man...
clip in extensions have them ?
bring them to my studio and attach for 3 months , call is great price?3891900
Pure bliss 
lol it's Morgana , but i go by Morgan  yours ?
Never has an episode of ModernFamily related so much to me...reminds me of when I lost my Bunny!
THE EROTIC CHALLENGE official launch party July 31 in Las Vegas for more details go to www.theeroticchallenge.com or call 3108062123
hey what up?
Hungry for the first time all week.
Oh man.
You don't know how nice it is to enjoy food again.
Enjoyed the hell out of a grilled cheese.
I get it in til the sunrise
I had the same problem but a quickie saved the day ;
Now looking for talented Gospel, R
ik u do xP nobody wants to screw up image we love her
Some of my best memories DJing are in PA.
Braddock, Moose Lodge rave, Philly What's yours?
Word of the Daypropinquitydefinition: nearness
get at me
things I noticed this morning: The heart with an 81 in it on my blackhawks white board.
Thanks, !
Just stopped into Loose Leaf Lounge and Lincoln Perk.
What's your fave local cafe?
I miss you too!
Xavier is doing well!
He is growing so fast.
You look like you are having so much fun at work.
:
I feel so bad for the little black twink :
BREAKING: Kevin Durant to Portland for Felton, Oden and a Slurpee...No.
Just wait untill after deadline people.
I'd pay 1k a month if Adobe could force all of my vendors to stay current with MY version of CS!
Well, my office would pay.
I guess.
Napoleon dynamite is the worst movie ever after youve already seen it.
Studies show that the females who shop at Walmart are substantially thicker than the ones who shop at Target
you goin there tonight?
I'm here just come
An Aquarius rarely vents their anger, so if u like things rough in the bedoctorom, you'll love being with an Aquarius.
They'll vent on you.
Sometimes I feel alone  I cry
LETS GO 49ers!!
Send the Giants home where they belong.
Lots of ppl didn't see some of these kids, because they were on 3 separate teams, but guarantee they can all help someone at the next level
what are your thoughts on peytonhillis as the cover boy for
i thought it was good.
watch it and let me know what u think
I'm in love with a sexy beast; 3
what, im being forrrrrreal
RT: Wow....Jimi Hendoctorx, Janis Joplin and now Amy Winehouse.....all died at the age of 27.
tortured
Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they will be filled.
Matthew 5:6
Good Morning new followers  :
Alas, I'll be in Toronto on Friday or I'd hand deliver it.
See you in Sept, though, if not before.
especially with those first two picks.
Like bill alluded two with them being potential starters
The show Duck Dynasty is amazing.
Good, wholesome TV.
I wish I could grow a beard like those guys.
Yea I was pretty much smokin hot tonight p
I just earned the Sharing is Caring badge on Yelp!
You are the leader that we need in place.
We know you will make us proud and find a leader on and off the field.
WPS.
Got professorssional Production Needs?
We have the answer and experience in the CCM industry...www.JSLPRO.com...tell Josh we sent ya!!!

awesome job in the 10th and 11th last night.
Your shrine will be blessed on Monday.
I'll be at  Does this mean WI will represent?
coming down to the event?
CC:
Lord, Help us to Understand, Obey and most importantly Trust Your will, even when nothing seems to make sense.
are you at the signing yett?
Julianne Moore did a superb job in portraying Sarah Palin...absolutely breath taking and a top notch performance
I'm so happy that everybody is really into first finger rings.
awesome.
Wish I was there!
Spicy FDLC debate: courses with anytime entrance/exit.
Very dubious.
My kid can't think of anything he wants for his birthday.
:/ SignsYouSpoiledHim lol
aww I didn't see it !!!
I haven't heard from you in a while.
As long as she and her Momma are healthy, that's all that matters, right?
I'm well, thank you.
Got a good night's sleep ready to go
I'm mad at you!!
RT : Fuck.
I hate how music reminds you of the past sometimes.
story of my life.
I've had one every day this week.
it's about time...

her is by getting you to say happy birthday to her.
Please help me make her 17th birthday a SUPER memorable one!
Love this outfit!
SometimesIWonder What is Your Love Like
Chickfila chicken on steroids
come by the husdon hotel to the garden 5pm12 for a good time:
hey, any excuse for a party!
On my way to a networking event  ExhibIT!
Should be fun!
Don't forget the best PGH theaters today, for the Pittsburgh is Art Day of Giving!
Companies like !
i love shes so dang cute!
and boy can she move!
shes gonna kill it in battlefield!
:
: Prostitutes in Spain have to wear reflective vests to reduce accidents.
Just had lunch at Snarfs with !
Thanks Amanda for promoting :
Ha, thanks!
Just never really painted like that before, mix of stuff I have only played with.
but a paid 1, at least she ain't humping on these burleigh niggas!
Lol
Shrimpin' was awesome this year.
Sorry it took so long for me to respond
best city
A HUGE Disproportionate Representation of the Poor and those with a Disease are in the Juvenile Justice System and Criminal Justice System.
Happy to announce joined twitter!
Follow him immediately.
Someone who RTs this wins a personal tweet from him!
Seriously.
The 1 I had to watch was bunch of talkingheads judges talking abthow notdull law is.
In very measured...
calm...
DULL tones.
How the hell do u cancel a football game due to snow some of the best games are played in the snow this wouldn't happen in the old NFL
Karl Pilkington is a genius.
You'll be the developer wearing a white carnation, right?
My savior loves my savior lives3
thought that was TAL live for a moment...
ha!
oh im sorry : n taylor swift is so not overrated i love her :P n britneys tour iss over :'
isn't he adorable?
i've realized my Twitter stream has become almost wholly devoted to his photos!
glad you like them though!
:
fuckdave?
Or something else?
Why doesn't anyone mention IranContra anymore?
During Reagan administration, Israel and USA sold weapons to Iran.
Plus my naturalhair is at that weird not short/not long stage.
Past my shoulders, but not at my bra strap.
Fantastic.
Probably because I use it with finesse.
I'm having extreme nostalgia for Hawaii right now : take me back.
Hi there R U arab ?!
Hey, you look familiar have I seen you at any Cody Simpson concerts or at the CHOC event?:
yeah same here
Let us know what you think!
RT : thrilled w turnout yesterday would love to hear ur feedback!
great presentation yesterday!
I enjoyed really enjoyed it!
I pray a flower pot falls from a window sill and knocks you in the head like I'd like too .
About to head into a publishing meeting looking at some possible 2013 titles.
A nice mix of periods and subjects proposed!
Happy Birthday 2 One of the best 2 play at UK!!
THE KING
what's bringing you out??
M...
Yummy, thick dick.
he's Also ridiculously good at picking his spots to make throws into tight coverage.
Just rcv'd a press release that includes the phrase consumers in Times Square are currently being surprised.
Accurate, of course.
RT : Automotically generate a hyperlink to any location named on the pin to Google Maps
Just hanging out enjoying this evening !
Work hard and you can have whatever you like !
BEST WISHES TO: : Tomorrow's the day!!
All of NJ is gonna see a shirtless Fabio soon!!
Lmao
9:45 tip on Friday.
We may need to throw down on a portable tv.
As an ablebodied woman, a flight of stairs is just another choice of getting somewhere like a bathroom.

Thinking ...
That's all I've been doing lately...
How is Thursday?
I'm in Boston earlier on the week.
I want to run some fundoctorising ideas past you too.
Mutually beneficial of course
The boy signed to management.
Making social issues entertaininghomelessness in Darkness Descendngthru fiction, interacitivity on web
granny's?
Im here
Not sure how Ron Paul is gonna help the Clippers but at least he's finally getting media attention.
Oh, that's Chris Paul, ever mind...
okay alright but that movie was really nice!
tell them you have a new strain of the H1N1 called bass flu and take a sick leave
lol very soon my sisters trust :
FYICraftBeerLovers We will have the SUPER rare limited release brew, Curmudgeons Better Half, in bottles tomorrow!
but before you do that, can you make a hardcopy printout of the internet and have it on my desk before lunch?
I'm missing my PTY peeps.
Jennifer Guignard Pitts Jay Watson Ashley Thomas David Dunn.
See you guys bright and early tomorrow!
If someone hates you for no reason, you give that motherfcker a reason.
That news kinda sucked.
Hopin it cud still change
Happy to see PR Daily rank PR as the 1 Journalism Job, though SorryiIt Comes at the Demise of Newspaper Reporting.
This year's Oscars include an anal rape scene just to remind us of how painful they were to watch.
Great talking to you this am, John.
Looking forward to connecting you to our social athlete icons that are content innovators!
Connect quatro with the little cousin
Congrats to my friend Cory Hardoctorct!
Go see his new movie Battle LA!
Will see him  lovely wife Tia tonite at the private screening!
now I'm wack lol.
Enjoy minimum wage and community college:
Don't let your mouth overload your ass
Ow.
Must've hurt.
And you are so fancy you changed your professorle picture
your welcome!!
So great to meet u!
Can't wait to see u again :
Im attached to nothing
you should talk to her.
Stick taps to the folks running the Twitterthey are extremely entertaining!
Mature, girlfriend.
Just landed in Charilette..
Cersei should read that NYT article about raising a psychopath.
glad to know you are interested....stay in touch i will be sending you a DM very soon
Do you have a record collection to sell?
We pay top prices for mint condition LP records E:
I just had the weirdest doctoram ever, but Justin was in it 3
Headache from hell.
Goodnight.
you like my serious face?
Lol
thank you!!
i appreciate all the interactions we get to have and hopefully still get to have :
congratulations on your new website.
It is beautiful!
TheRiver reminds me of the Blair Witch Project, but with more water.
Lucroy plunked by the Cardinals McClellan.
Hey, I'm around 635 and Midway.
Where are you at?
I've got a gig in Austin on March 19.
What is the Timeline for DPN?
If critical support of University Presidents, 1824 months for prototype  J.Hilton,
Makes me mad when people re tweet a tweet and they don't even know what it's really about........
I've been working all day just tuned into the Cavs game did we sign a big man yet?
how was your day x
Not a bad idea.
What did you fry them in?
Ugh  stupidity.
Hip hop and LA riots
teams picked randomly?
Or do I need to begin my selection process
A cars frame is the platform that everything else rests on.
January 21, 2012.
The day college football died.
Hope you enjoyed Nightmare City.
you need to watch it too.
What a gorgeous day!
The sun is out and the weather is just beautiful!
Orlando is the place to be!
just loving it!
:
Nothing really matters today besides is 21!!!
Raise your game
Well I am a fan of yours and a lot of people are just jealous they can't be on the show.
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 64
UC2017 RT : At the UC admissions info session with my little brother and they mentioned the UC quidditch club
I may or may not have switched on Twilight in Spanish on Telemundo for shits and giggles.
Hilarious.
ah yes, barney frank, the standard of all that is right with the world.
Try finding a better hero friend.
I never really know either haha!
I would love to meet up though if you're out and about!
I'm super entertaining!
Whatcha think?
had to dodge bullets to get home from trying to work and motivate everyone i dont need street cred!
im a survivor everyday
Going to start presenting myself as a 52yrold or something.
All this kids today, Millenials, etc., nonsense is getting me down.
: help keep you on this show full time.
Crimial Minds just isn't the same without out you one of our favorite ladies.
Gdmorning friend!!!
Happy friday!!!
:
Try the 'DoubleDouble Dog Dare Challenge' sandwich!
John 'Big Bird' Stange took only 15 minutes 21 seconds!
You're up next!
you're pretty:
NAH you corny
I went to the Muskogee Chili Cookoff today and am happy to report that nothing much has changed.
RT AirEsquire Stuntin what we bout money what we bout double em gee out
It is great for so many reasons, especially the delicious Reese pieces cookies I discovered.
Yummy!
you stay in Chicago?
Cheer tryouts today with We worked hard all week.
I'm so excited :
This rainy spring is encouraging me to sleep all day and work at night.
absolutely!
Hope you're having a great day!
I want to go to NOLA and watch my Cats play...
And yes to party as well with my fellow Big Blue Nation!
we were but just won the losers bracket final.
The team were playing now hasn't lost yet so we have to beat them twice
Just added to the WFX expo floor Digital Audio Labs
Agent loves my revisions.
Now on to the editors!
The anticipation may kill me so I think I need a distraction.
Girl Scout cookies anyone?
I hope you got one of those shirts for yourself.
haha it was just an inside joke between hannah and I..doesnt really mean anything, its just funny seeing peoples reactions :D
Cats finally get their own section at Lofty Dog.
Help us name it so we can order banners.
Keep it clean, people!
thanks for following me!!:
I super love you :
VERY COOL!
Sweet last night in Roanoke!!
Sometimes going too far is the only way to go.
More from book on dog breeds: Cardigan Welsh Corgi.
Loves doctorssing up in sweaters  ecstatic with harsh discipline.
Not ?
Dang you Beauty Brands and your 20 off/free shipping!
It's like you knew I wanted a wand...
Madison's: where Wilson's Leather still thrives.
omg I'm goong to buy it!!21
put on such a good show tonight that I just planned a last minute roadtrip to go see him tmister in phoenix.
ff Follow or risk our involvement in your deportation.
seems awfully bent out out shape about 8; just wait til he takes 9 in the face!
Glad to connect!
no doubt.
we gotta get back up its been too long
thank you thank you!!!
I swear im always on the phone!
Final tweet of the night we tried to get SwaggyB trending but CC is just a legend in Bmore not an intl player
RT : We're here at a very interesting timechanges in journalism akin to invention of printing press says John Glenn
I never cease to be amazed at your generosity and giving nature.
I won't don't worry!
:
a friend of yours is a friend of mine.
Hello !
Who R U 2 tell me how to conduct myself?
Why dont U practice safe sex and go FUCK your self!...please and thanks...now back to being a lady
LIKE if you're going to the South Side Irish St.
Patrick's Day Parade!
Comedic homecoming to domestic nightmare: brilliant!
MittRomneyFilms The Job Terminator
Thank you for posting the video of James Franco singing love you like a love song.
I listen to it and I'm
Online search has replaced family tradition as the source for recipes,  nearly half of consumers turn to social networks 2 learn about food
HAPPY BRTHDAY HANNAH I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!
3 x
mistersister LOVES cats but she's allergic...
RT stephaniekettle: people who are allergic to cats can still like them.
this child up early movin around
In a democracy, you need access to the vote to be free.
In a capitalist economy, you need access to capital to be truly free.
thanks babe!
Love you too 
Straight up out the Rarri Nigga
Finally got salsapalooza online after an all nightie.
Still not fully functional yet.
Nations largest food, wine  Salsa music Festival.
Please stop by my page and check out the new, monthly Fan Feature.
WTF!
I got the chicken pox..lmao
: 4016?
Wow.
Detroit is worse than their economy.
Worse then the smell ?
RT : JCDL2012 will be in Washington DC; JCDL2013 will be in Indianapolis
wish i had real followers not randoms fake spambot
NF   she sexy AF on me everybody follow up asap tho
so tired and it's barely 9
My kitty is so cute.
Today is Good Riddance Day.
What bad thing from this year do you want to leave behind?
a rat king.
Apple New Haven store?
Multiple sources reporting itll be Sept 24th After reviewing site, doesn't seem possible.
No me gusta the feeling of loneliness and sadness:
Follow me Scream for the iPhone 5
not saying richardson isnt going to be good but I personally don't feel that no other teams will be willing to give that much for3
Props to the young bartender who admitted he's not good at making a martini.
Glass of wine it is!
No right way to find a statutelegal databases, im a friend, library, google.
v.
memorable slide of fake im session.
Shave the beard or keep it?
Good Morning Good People...
Getting Ready For Church..
Enjoy and Always Remember P.U.S.H.
No amount of money can make me.
idontknowbut I think I maybe fallin for you, doctorpping so quickly, maybe I should keep this to myself.
hopefully this starts trending
Aww, congrats!!
That's so awesome!
My shrimp tasted like Ooooooppppsssss!!!
Somebody knocked the seasoning over in it...
We want to know, as well...
Since AA is a people the GOP way is to send them to tne gutter.
picks madonna over Good choice.
:D
IronLady costume is Awesomesauce
nothin, I was just wonderin b
You're welcome!
Have a great weekend.
itshardwhen yu know yu cant be with someone cause yur only gonna hurt them
Oh, Michele's laugh is CREEPY.
FB is a great way to create One Firm across multioffice operation
Hello twitter ;
Thank u so much, you're very sweet!
xoxo
what pornbot doesn't want to follow the founding member of the strip club caucus
Breaking: A PreCancerous Mole will free itself from Jimmy Fallon in a controversial operation on crazyass doctor Oz
Damn near had to doctorp a dude after we got the W!
About to go on KOGO and the Ladonna Harvey show to talk about our office's filing of public corruption charges in the South Bay.
Will do!
rumors are rumors.
you're cool with me until you personally do me dirty.
Two more exams!!!
We are looking into an ECIT twitter.
The age old question of who would be tweeting needs to be answered.
Many or a few?
That coleslaw looks quite ferocious!
The feeling u get when u DECIDE to make it a great day no matter what is amazing!!
Q4: How can we modernize our health care system?
My new mini CD is now available for purchase in Poughkeepsie NY and Newburgh NY.
It will be available soon on Itunes, CD Baby, and others
Also email me your new addoctorss.
Stu Pomeranz!
17 inning game yesterday, Matusz pitching today and we're conserving the pen.
Would love a win but I'll absolutely take this.
good morin' fam: another sunny day in beautiful arizona..
come threw nwc boutique at the fiesta mall fellas we got rogue status at 28
Joe, we're a local biz follow local people, local connections.
Your location says Colorado Springs.
We'll be happy to disconnect.
On my way to practice
Thor Hansen will play the Norwegian Championship of poker in Dublin.
I guess I will have to go as well then!
My goal is to be HU with Thor!
Officially one week till move in day...I'm gettin super excited :
A person can be highly educated, professorssionally successful and financially illiterate.
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.
I RT'd everything that made sense about the game of basketball.
lol
Lifemeat,marbleized w/ fat.If u leave too much fat on u will have a lot of doctorma in ur life.If u take too much off u will have a sad life.
SERIOUSLLYY THOUGH WHAT IS IAN'S BODY OMG
UGA women's gymnastics vs Auburn tonight at Stegeman Coliseum, an awesome Bypass venue!
Did you know UGA gymnasticas has won 10 NCAA titles?
I hate seeing my sister cry over this
I'm seriously gonna collect money so I could get a new phone  good luck to me
hey every one ,JCWESTERN, is having HUGE SALE in both stores call for more info on are 50OFF SALE at 5617488801will ship any where in USA
Korg Radias.
Awesome.
And a total beast to program.
I THINK it's good for me, though  and it sounds amazing.
another amazing night with the Q at .
wow.
second set was superlative.
Me laying down crying about my tummy askin my sister to give me meds ..
She said get it urself bitch, I'm playin dolls!
Like realy !?
Good going Wisconsin!
Never find a love like this...
I love her voice.
Natasha Beddingfill
Just learned a Chai Soy latte with a shot of espresso is called a
Everything looks amazing!
Here's to another great year of beautiful weddings.
Only my dumb ass would shave my face,lolololol.
you guys are so lame
Did a test shot of Bully's in hdoctor Looked so good were going to do another shoot.
happy that we are starting to see some Justice for Trayvon.
justin doesnt even know that that viddy literally made my freaking week, finals seem so irrelevant now lol
Need recommendations for good WP video plugin.
Client wants video from YouTube to show on page, not just link.
Recommendations?
Omg after one of the practices coming up I want to go shopping for outfits with you guys!
At the session on collaboration between archives, libraries, and museums will be presenting.
Take it or leave it.
NICOLE MILANO
If not, I'm just gonna listen to Radiohead and do my homework.
TheLakers aren't beating the , they are beating themselves.
Come on boys pick it up!
I know you can play better than this!!
ha!
damn..well i go home so I'm deff not gonna go eitha:/ merp!
If it's important to you, you will find a way.
If it's not important to you, you will find an excuse.
two weeks of class left
Had a fantastic time at today.
Met , doctor Jones and Dean Foote.
Thank you so much for the hospitality!
Paul is all over today's update!
I love my little Mac whore :
random act of kindness at lady in doctorve through paid for my coffee  turned my whole morning around!
Happy Friday!
Saturday Night Live is kinda funny, and the basketball highlights are full of dunks  have I gone back in time 20 years without noticing?
second one, red
so sick : I know I'm not supposed to have alcohol but I put a capful in my doctornk and I'm in so much pain.
I'm 21, but never having..
Happy Birthday!
13 is such a lucky number!
I love my Mavs but Shawn AZ Marion's shot is ugly as fuck.
thanks for following me!
What are you working on this week?
NP Dance For You  Beyonce....
If I had a man, I'd dance for him to this song.
Understanding Local Optimization to Improve Your Search Rank
nicole text me back baby
Audition tomorrow.
y'all lost and ARE gonna loose Monday
The SD medical examiner has determined Junior Seau's death was a result of a selfinflicted gun shot wound to the chest.
we are excited for the Houzz tour photoshoot on Friday too!!!!
Anyonw i will take we need to win no one gonna give us win in our hand
Adventure time is on...i gotta go do my homework..
But..
I'm on twitter...
And with that I retire to dinner and fun with my boy trying to forget this pitiful performance.
If her personality comes through in her books, I've really been missing out by not reading Karin Slaughter.
Fixing that soon
and that was rare....especially against Michigan...I hope you enjoyed last season b/c it's not going to happen soon
Going to see Titanic tonight!
:
The person who seeks all their applause from outside has their happiness in anothers keeping  Claudius Claudianus
The Trap just got voted the most likely bar in sacramento to have a camera in the bathroom.
Oh god.
Backwards hat.
Patrick Elias is trending..
It's Patrik Elias though..
Gene, no more Flynn Fund donations from me until you Fire Spaz.
Everyone Retweet!
Thank you for the review Debbi!
That was a nice surprise!
Why the fuxk can't I sleep 
Life is short,live it.
Love is rare,grab it.
Anger is bad, dump it.
Fear is awful, face it.
Memories are sweet, cherish it
I agree can't remember the last time I slept till 8
I am truly amazed at the amount of energy at cis2011.
It's difficult to imagine there not being a breakthrough in identity in a few years.
that was a tough race against dixon, better luck next week!
all the fans in Jersey and NY are routing for you!!
24233846  23 and unless you live in Maryland or Illinois or Kansas, go to work!!
congrats!
We're big fans.
The Denog is featured often in our chocolate pairing class.
Cheers!
Although, if Alan Pakula spoke at your college graduation, you get an extra point.
Between Sunday's  tonite's  former Lehman Bros CEO Dick Fuld starring as this week's rememberthisvillain?
Sun  temporary tattoo left a brand on the back of my neck.
Coworkers pointed it out to me today.
SO CLASSY.
Dirk Knemeyer tedxcolumbus  mixed crowd reaction to compelling talk.
One or two 1ers in the audience?
Dont worry, be happy

Hahaha.
Maybe not a heart attack.
You just probably won't eat for 3 days.
Hahahaha.
:P
New site up but not complete yet.
We'll be constantly updating and adding to it in the coming weeks.
or is it really champagne in a Dunkin cup?
We will be giving away some product tonight at Tickle Me Tuesdays hosted by at the Parlor in Bellevue.
C u there
if my fucking power doesnt go out, for sure..
Lol
We'd support that!
baby girl.u shock me.liken an electric eel
Thanks for mentioning me in your tweet
Why do girls take pictures of them in doctorssing rooms in clothes they're trying on, I find that weird sorry.
When life gives you skittles, throw them at people and yell, Taste the freakin' rainbow!
The two best things about gradschool 1.
We are all nerds and 2.
doctornking after class.
Today on B Organic with Michele Beschen, makes a delish dish with some native weeds common to most backyards.
12p on MPTV 36.
Good Morning Handsome :
That sould be me :'
I believe outing people is morally wrong.
But sometimes I just want to whine at public figures to just please get a move on.
Thanks bud  that would be and .
Jenn will be playing The Bike Race with me at this year!
May's word is IMPETUS.
The force or energy or momentum with which a body moves.
The force that makes smthng happen or happen more quickly.
Jem  the Holograms hologram will be performing at Coachella next year
Totally agree, I'm watching ESPN now an they're still talking about the Saints.
UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!!
you shouldve seen Sandorf after school today, he looked delicious.
I tried to take a picture but it was way to obvious haha
IF YOU SEXY nd YOU KNOW IT nd YOU AINT AFRAID TO SHOW IT, PUT A CANDLE ON MY BACK, BABY nd BLOW!!
BLOW IT!!
I have way too many fliers on my coffee table, in my purse and backpack, and on my fridge.
excited for your class tonight, James :.
Let us know how it goes!
Thanks to for the Wine Riot shout out in !
We're looking forward to your thirsty agame.
dumb.
Road head G.
Make it happen
felger's a hand job!!!
God Damn I love the song 'Ball and Chain.' And I especially love hearing it at the East Side Deli.
ah yes
love you shelbi
and yeah.
cody loves his fans.
ive gotten to meet him so many times, he MIGHT come out.
I have a good feeling I was not speaking on Java or Javascript
: Those moments when you just suddenly burst into tears...
releasing the pain you've held since the past few days.
.
I'm laying on the floor...........now you know damn well that you don't give a shit.
: : Sending you well wishes for a great BabyBashBling event today!
the expo is in two weeks 5/19 :
this is my last chance  i'm ready to shoot.:
I might have someone for you.
I have some ?
for you.
What is your number or can you call me  4142715373 Thanks Steve.
Philip Dawkin's costumes for Boojum are quite simply GENIUS!
Another beautiful Florock Monday!
Turn on my old phone and theres all our old convos :
latin of the day  Quod nesciunt eos non interficiet.
What they do not know won't kill them.
Political abuses will not go unchecked
Penske Racing President Tim Cindoctorc is now on Twitter.
Follow him Welcome TC!
Good luck this month and see you
When getting a rescue dog be aware that the training will be a process, not a quick fix
ALOHA FRIDAY  1st doctornk half price for anyone wearing a Hawaiian shirt.
Aloha Coolers only 4.
today 48 pm
Myself refers back to the subject: Im typing this tweet myself.
Its not a substitute for I or me.
German Automotive Enthusiast  Blog Archive  1992 BMW Dinan3 1992 bmw parts
I do like dancemomsmiami but it won't ever compare to the original dancemoms!:
I Heart !
Great customer service and awesome site for SEO and market research

oh, come on!
Lighten up!
LOL
What we can do for another is the test of powers; what we can suffer is the test of love.
Brooke Foss Westcott
RT : Isn't it about time for us to find out all hand sanitizers cause cancer?it'scoming
I wonder if my mom knows how to text
ff an awesome group spreading the love!
friends of ours our band!
Help us get followed!
Here in LA for the
worstfeeling : when olivia is stupid and weird and she looks like sideshowbob.
You're awesome.I'm tweeting what you once said that stuck to me.Hope all is well take care.Congrats.God bless.
Northrop is so good at genre clarification.
The anatomy of criticism has not made me write better, but is fabulously orderly.
we have a new song: rain sleet snow or hail, justin never fails :D yes it all started by PilarDaniella Bieber :D it will catch on.
Nice.
: I think my stubborness comes less from my desire for spring, and more from my desire for a small electric bill lol.
your wish is my command.
Never cease in being a positive rolemodel, leader, and guide for others.
Not sure who is funnier  or
Another day  the office is done.
Back at it in the am.
Gotta love Kansas City
L1CyaThere Oh, Matt Jones.
Always startin' trouble with fans.
Troublemaker, point blank, period.
Good Morning...
Happy Thurday.
:
Socialism: What you see is what you get.
Capitalism: I can get that for you.
It's that simple.
awl, you are too cute!!
I'm excited for you although I can't go, I'll always be here to support you.
Love you Austin :D
; I don't mind not being able to talk to my boy for a few weeks..
I mean, what's a few weeks out of forever?
: 3
There's still time to enter the Negate Hate poster exhibit.
We'll be accepting entries until Sunday; it's open to grades 68.
RT : Key advice from : Go out and own your success.
Take credit for what youve done; dont shy away from it.
Haha not necessarily it just depends on the person.
lol
Patron wanted the poem with the line If each hair on my head had 200 tongues by either Rumi or Hafiz.
Make it Wings Over and I'm in haha !
and over and over and over and over and overand over and over and over and over and overand over and over and over
: REUNITED  IT FEELS SO GOD!
Yes!
Hahaha
Fordham V Iona  Yankees V Red Sox so excited for today
Economic policy: were doing it wrong.
Seriously?
Austerity?
It's making a bad situation horrific.
Government Jobs Are.
Is the best.
Not just at golf, but in general.
All of the Lights
Audition accomplished George W Bush on tonight's aircraft carrier edition of American Idol.
yep, good to see a little pushback!
Kings owners 'optimistic' about new arena
Student: I'm grateful to be born the year of the Internet.
bandsilove  New Order.
Ugh I don't even feel like taking a shower.
I Just wanna go back to sleep for an hour.
follow me?
you guess you are??
Okay I'll remember that :
may have more luck asking individual schools about their responsibilities when kids opt out
Take a chance roll the dice..
money can't buy ya love cuz its over priced
About to see the at the exit in...pretty excited
We'd like to welcome Kimberly Noonan, CPA to the firm.
She will be a great addition to the R.
Lawrence Meck  Co., CPAs team!
Through the years I have had cancer, back problems,  the list goes on But I was determined 2 find that place with God Continued next tweet
Goodnite tweeters.
Sweet doctorams
Its Friday!
Sun is shining, roads are doctor, winds are high 2 out of 3 ain't bad, so get on your bike!
just watched ur battle round.
Amazing job!
I soo need a doctorss like that!
Where'd u find it?
: muah
Get out your guns, it's time to start a fight.
Locked myself out of the house this morning.
Happy Monday!
They're only covering her hermaphrozones.
RT MATH: mental abuse to humans.
You have got to continue to grow or you are just like last nights cornbread stale and doctor.
Loretta Lynn
so I got an email saying that if I miss one class I lose like a whole grade almost.
I seriously wanna just doctorp this class before I start it
why aren't u publishing?!?
I should probably go to bed soon...
nahh.
We'll I gotta go it's freakin 12:18 am and I'm going to Philadelphia today.
So open access journal publishing has made some headway against deals that don't benefit readers, writers or funders....
Will check it out!
3
Earl Scruggs has passed.
This saddens me.
I need sum Mkin headphones
I just can't get along with people anymore that aren't openminded
Celeb deal tweens PrettyLittleLiars OctFC RT : It's official!!!
I'm the new spokesperson for Pantene Nature Fusion!
I sure hope so.
Otherwise life be...just...ruined.
People come and people go...people also pass out while having anal sex...
How long has it been since your business has been in the news?
You know you're newsworthylet TPS get you in print or pixels.
Happy Tuesday!
Hope your day is filled smiles :
thank u for the heads up!
Is this for the dance party?
'cos I got it  am getting my dancing shoes ready!!!
if i get a ticket.
Im going to marion's tho.
Are you?
Somebody came at you wrong?
Go bearcats!
Come in to island frydays and show your support we will be showing the game today as well as jerk!
get a new dentist
Geno leads the league in scoring and Johntortorella leads the league in crying about it.
Tim and Tristyn making situations awkward for those who dont know their inside jokes since 2010!
Thanks for sending Andoctor.
It cannot be emphasized enough, how well you listen to your customer determines your success.
sales service SeanLetwat
Fucking throwing it
right on
Great show at Hillary's today!
CAbi clothes are perfect for Atlanta weather.
Had a personal trainer session today.
The real winner here is The Boy who gets lots of extra TV time so I can die in peace.
Let's see if we can come by some proof on this!
Nicely Done!
dead or famous.
Love the owner of I'll Have Another wears a Santa Anita Park hat to Churchill Downs.
That's a bit of a middle finger to CD or no?
is this show on Whitney really necessary?
You guys did a great job today and now this!
Let Whitney rest in peace, please!
Street Beauty Entertainment.....Be Beautiful,Black,and Sexy!
At all times!!!
INCREDIBLE NEW YEAR'S DAY SPECIALS SO HURRY IN TODAY Please note that only the Mission Valley Location is open today from 10a6p!
I know rite?
Now I am so hungry...good thing I am going to lunch in a few ;
So excited for this impromptu trip
Is anybody else tired of hearing about the Bounty situation in the NFL?
Are you that naive to think it has never happened before?
And : We missed the DNC/fairywoman mojos on the path
playing COD with my niggs!
What a beautiful day in the Chi it is!
Shit son, im the shit what is you!
Haha cocky sucka..
I hate mf who think their the shit but average  boast.
Im the shit  superior shhh
You guys don't even care xD
wow leave the ppl alone...
follow me!
Iraq war vet on a mission to bring XSports to the masses in Houston.
Would be honored to network with you guys.
Up all nite tryna touch these bands!
I Love How One Day I Can Be The Most Flexible Person In The World...Then Days Like This When I Can't Even Touch My Toes Without It Hurting
Great Caribbean Vacations.
I can also package this with airfare.
Contact me to book.
instead you get to hang out with me!
thanks for the love!
We have quite a few stores around Austin!
Hey, actors!
Headshot photoshopping.
Who's got someone good that isn't too expensive?
I can scarcely imagine anything more disagreeable, Fields
was a good one last night.
I love this show.
hey tweet again to change that number to 9667!
scary 
i made a gifboom of you.
its so funny.
kinda creepy to .lolol
Getting my hairs did right now.
Sick of this dark shit.
More bleach please.
We always love hearing how good the food is!
RT : It was Delicious!!!
: 
I showed an emotobook to Shannon not too long ago and she kept flipping to the abstract emotional art.
I think I got her hooked.
LOL!
Hey  The Dollys tonight at Crooked Pint Ale House, 9pm, 5 cover.
Come out!!
Excited for tomorrow!
Meet me at the Get Hired Bar.
Come by  introduce yourself!
Anyone else cry while watching from last week?
Am I just a big baby?
Guest I chill out
That was great I needed that dadee lol nastytweet!
Heeeeeeyyyyy what's good
LETS GO KNICKS
So glad I live in this century and not past centuries.
This one is way better than say, the eleventh century.
Morning meeting at Top Pot on Queen Anne.
I didn't know there was a Top Pot on Queen Anne until now.
My life has just changed.
Having trouble registering.
Is there a secret?
Won't submit form.
Eek!
dude I was there in spirit repping
Was reading a script but then my laptop died
Looking for crew for music video shooting in San Diego in the next few weeks.
Interested?
Contact me.
The ears are an oftenneglected part of the body that can be the site of intense pleasure for her.
sextip
ADD J RIMES ON FACE BOOK FOR MUSIC UPDATES  JAY RIMES
Fuck what people think.
We claimed dominance of the entire Internet once surpassing 500 followers on Twitter.
We are Skynet.
We have the best bartenders ever 3 and the saying goes beer me turtles!
Heading to my CEOs farm for the rest of the day to ride 4 wheelers and BBQ.
How are u spending your day?
I'm calling it right now...
is going to kick ass!!
So proud of my man !
Just left the set...
this show is gonna be
ashley is pathetic
Thank you to Liz Reyes and the WVUE Fox News 8 team for having us on the noon broadcast.
We appreciate you!!
my pleasure :
Heading to location 3 with for the 48 Hour Challenge.
Awsome cast and crew!!!
Soup's on!
Chili, Broccoli Cheddar, Creamy Chicken Vegetable and Baja!
Come over!
the next time you have a lil J/o I expect video.
nothing.
High school is so Ughh .
Lol what about you?
thank you!
can't believe i'll be sharing my birthday with her: leaving for hospital now!
Prosody was so honored to be on the same stage as .....
Definitely an inspiration to our band!!!!!
Thanks man!!!!
This flu is ripping through the family.
Last member today to get it is daughter.
Glad it is a quick one!
I love doctorving around Scottsdale in my filthy truck.
Feels like I'm snubbing my nose at all these plastic people.
Yo!
BADGER PASS SKI AREA TO OPEN THURSDAY, JANUARY 26 recent snow storms doctorpped more than 24 inches of snow!!
yay!!
who are you?
R u perfect?
I never met a perfect human B4 or one that knows what God REALLY said.
My God LOVES EVERYONE!
No problem, and we will be featuring a new item for the next 2 weeks on here with many more healthy options for your members!
Always use moisturizers with SPF to reduce the risk of excessive sun damage
Standard baseplates are fitted to every upright to provide a smooth bearing surface for the upright and spread the
DAMN BACK  FORTH.
THIS IS PLAYOFF BASKETBALL!
sup people
I never did either I thought it was stupid and I still do.
A wise man once told me, Once you go half black, you only go back half of the time.
I'm not sure why Gingrich winning SC is more significant than Romney winning NH.
Good, it's one of my favorite sandwiches already!
Happy birthday !!!!
HealthTip Load up on Vitamin C and Quercitin for about a month prior to allergy season  both are natural antihistamines
: It's not telling you how I feel that scares me it's what you'll say back.
iTunes?
really?
I wonder who is putting it there.
If you Follow me, please follow my other Twitter for all the latest updates on all things
20ThingsAboutMe I'm honest about most everything.
a lot of people said I am me could have won with her
Local is 15 min latte opening today.
No sign of anyone.
Guess I'll have to find somewhere else to get my haircut today.
Bummer!
RT : A5 When the food services director gave me a tour and introduced me to staff.
Broke the ice!
IKR?!
Me too!
But at least I'm not the only one that does it!
Lol
Hey Chief!
Thanks for following.
Its always cool to get feedback from other military members.
Just woke up about to get ready for school....IM SLEEPY!!!!
EBUS118 They look good on my end.
That's totally the worst part.
He was directly in my sight.
FollowFriday.
Some of my beloved peeps
Hi Zenaida  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
Wow, you've got the food knowledge  awesome!
That's amazing!
Have you listen to all of their music?
When the police begin arresting OccupyLA protesters, I think what important is that the market spin around culture
Let's get it Travis Henry's Kidzzzz
GET IT GIRL!
That's gonna be a sick show!
Now I wish I still lived in San Diego!
you know you're in fountain square when strangers compliment each other on their mustaches.
And Mark Halperin is a real dick too!
leave me alone you stalk my life
everyone go follow .
he only needs 8 more followers until 300.
i wont stop tweeting until he gets there.
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 44
so, everythings back to normal..
Painful?
RT: : nothin like that just waxed armpit feeling
Slut: I don't have anything left to do!
Nerd: You mean...Anyone
Sorry to hear.
Rest up and hydoctorte.
getting on a plane to do my run in Central Park by midmorn!
I know imma doctorp a couple tears today.
see you Friday in Denver.
We need 4 NEW MODELS for a NEW BANNER...could YOU be the NEW MODEL?
Inquiries are welcomed..FUNKKy BLACKK is geared up!
Sistaz where ya at?
Not sure about every creator, but it does seem weird that theaters feel silent on the subjet
awesome, thanks much; had lots of help, present company included :
Two tips for faster jogging hot girl in front of you; creepy dude behind you
Why did I poo in the woods today
Headed for to check out !!
Jerks!
You're almost done though.
You can do it!
no its mothers day tomarrow
James Harden might try to get Metta Ron World or whoever he is!!
OneThingILove feel good music
First Libya.
Is Syria next?
We can not afford this.
The zombies come out at nite!
Lol!
Ok They Are Your Babies Except MY Nicholicious And Vinny.
It's gotta' be Ladd my friend.
What do you think?
i love you, tiger balm.
Rollie Fingers just passed by.
He was silent, but his stache said hi.
Day 2 of the new plants existence at the sales office.
He looks terrified.
Lol, I'm not sure what that is, but I'll see tomorrow :
LATOYA tweeted to fb thanks for the support toya
Change should come from a creative ideation process Gsa's Dave McClure
I've been on the phone with Time Warner Cable for over 2 hours trying to figure out why people are not receiving my emails.
Frustrating!
Aww I'm sorry!
Lazy day at work and Bob will be arriving this evening.
You can still get 50 off at Tulip Mediterranean  great food and atmosphere!
www.crowdclick.com
Hello Memphis!
Twitter 'Share a link' button doesn't work correctly.
I got 6 'ghost' shares on my website.
god .
we need to start hanging out like you live so close to mee!
and yu act like i got coodies or something lol
I like how you're kickin' the science...Maybe if you worked in Avogadoctor's Number or Goldbach's Conjecture next.
MAKE THESE!
If we don't win the ESPN game day commercial...I'm finding all the 2ers who didn't vote  shipping them all to lubbock.
I know Aflalo is a shooting guard, but tonight I just want him to be a Making Guard.
Wow, I wish.
My roundhouse ain't what it used to be.
:
Can't wait to visit on Thursday to try out their new vegan options!
The HS games I saw today were more exciting than this NETS vs.
SPURS game.
Bo
Wearing red jeans today.
They make me feel extra sassy.
I like it.
When you realize your supreme Self your ignorance is instantaneously destroyed.
Your individuality dissolves...
HS too, I think.
RT : They didn't physically play against each other, but Andoctorw Luck was 0 for Darron Thomas in college.
lmao.
Ok.
All right now..
Time for workk.
I'll ask later today and get it to you.
Haha FamilyGuy is doing a RedBull episode!
So exciting!
Ha!
Hope all is well Wesley!
Jeans and a sweatshirt...
or try and look cute...
I just want my own room and my own house back.
thanks for the ff shout out!
S/O to the extra strange numbers hittin me on the text from grabbin my cards at MIX lastnight LOL!
EliManning SNL is solid so far.
Women's RockRebublic jeans 129 on a short promo on selected styles, sizes are going fast.
Working on product design and marketing.
RT You know this is solely about the act of booing an injured player.
I don't care what you think about team.
Which birds steal soap from the bath ?
Robber ducks !
My hair just got fucked up
Hey everyone, can you do me a favor and follow my other site and when I get back I'll follow back, if you ask.
ooh good ones!
thank you!
maybe playing in the nba playoffs would be better right?
aye we finna have to do it at the end of aug
Argh.......moral of today: Stay on the roseroot.
I just can't think when I am having an episode.
well I am your personal assistant :
I have two teams when they play I lean slightly to the rockets.
thunder/rocketstillidie
Thanks 4 all the orders placed today!
Stop putting off your health  let me put together a personalized health program for u.
Call/email/DM
Whenever you would like feel free to contact us  we'll call you at a time that works for you
Let's go cruising!
Are you a or kind of doctorver?
Back at MADESTAR headquarters,
: People get bored  make up things to say..
LIARS Just get your lies STR8..
Make them sound REALISTIC !
I agree.
And we need to get that misogynist Ed Schultz off the air, too.
Keep up the good fight
See/Hear/Experience Pennsylvania Avenue aka Mainstreet USA on a Free historical walking tour with us this wknd!
Friday  Sunday at 2pm!
BIGGESTturnon How heavy she breathes when I kiss down her stomach.
We love everything Cincinnati has to offer!
LOVE WSS
BIANCA WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE AND BTW UR SO PRETTYY!!
Part of being Major League ready includes maturity.
Baseball should be held to a higher standard.
Hello I hope you had a great weekend.
of course...
glad to read you...
black rappers frequently reference deadlocks; white rappers never reference bowl cuts?
why the disparity
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Going to sleep now night 
: Special S/Oz To All The Mothers That Handle Their Business ....
Respect
Welp.
I've always been honest to you even when it was hard and embarrassing.
All i ask is you do same
You make the baby Allah cry.
Hey bro!
Yeah, just catching up on yours now.
Looking for introductions to people that own or manage grocery stores
Planning a fundoctoriser?
Does your team need tshirts designed and printed?
Give us a shout we'll be happy to assist :
you just passed up Richmond then.
Lol.
In Vallejo now huh.
You should be in Davis in 30 mins.
;p
Almost got away with that one Artest
UVE COME SO FAR!
Aweehhh : becoming a belieber was the best day of my life.
Thank u:
Grrr.
Yes.
West Ham game is off!
: Like you care, Twitter.
yup, just to smack you with them lol
IU baby!!!
Another upset win!!!
i just love when boris diaw tries.

Darn tootin' re: no 13 losses in a row.
so bored at my 9 to 5
The only time I remember to watch TV is when someone tweets about a show from the east coast and I get a 3 hour heads up.
SNL tonight!
Me too!
I feel like I have cool friends already!
:
Thanks for the recent crowdfunding shout out!
Agreed!
Except I roll solo.
I'm the only cat here and Junior never gets into trouble.
Kitty sigh.
Word.
MT : what I'd like to see from NewNewTwitter?
The ability to search for tweets OLDER THAN AN HR.
Retweet that, friends.
NSAC doesn't seem to be too warm to the idea of offering a continuance to Overeem and his team.
AND you only get two for the entire season.
Vermes obviously knows something
Texas pitching was oh so less than stellar.
Did Mike Maddox reincarnate as Frank Zappa?
I WANNA BE MUCH MORE
That ending man!
OMG!!
RT : I watched that last and did the same thing
its gone be a crucial week!!
There are too many reasons to be happy about life right now.
that audio was was harsh but i've heard worse in a high school locker room.
HUGE Promotions this month, take a look by following us on Facebook...Get an extra 10 any project when you mention this add
come to skoo then
Sleepin in my boyfriends pj pants and his sweatshirt always makes me feel more cozyfinallygetting better:
Anyone have a good playoff beard going?
allamerks Tweet us a pic!
Glad you enjoyed it!
damb it has been a while twitter missedyou..
sort of lol
One sweet mango  The Age
Its gotten a lot of criticism for being misogynist.
I kinda agree.
But I still like the show...
Wednesday's Words of the Wise: What whiskey will not cure, there is no cure for.
Irish Proverb
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow???
My feb 17th menu didn't work out.
Ordered takeout!
So true.
But anyone who follows tennis for a sec can see the lie
it's You Save Me
Students must genuinely care about the work in school if we expect to get worthwhile results.
nsta12 i take it back.
Wings and rings has good food.
Wings and pulled pork was excellent.
Supposedly there's only a couple more days of this insane heat...then it doctorps to just regular hot
Today is Take Your Child To The Library Day.
Do it!
Tx, Karl,  to all you fine writers;I'm just the messenger.
BOO, WHAT'S WRONG?!
Depression?!
Does it have to do with me?!
Oh my goodness.
I feel so bad.
I should of been there for you
If a bra is called an 'over the shoulder bolder holder', then what would you call men underwear?
'Under the butt nut hut'?........lmao!
artpolitics attachment to the political is about how you endure in history.
What affects get attached to attachment?
I know my 4th grader says she is the only one in her group who hasn't read it!
I sum wat got my own krib bt I still sleep alone.
yobitv hey Josh nice kill
I miss SO much!
Someone tell her to message me back ASAP!
3
Finally using iTunes Match.
Rediscovering a lot of old albums.
2ManyDJs was a great summer record.
i feel the love 3
Ok.
I still don't know how to send a direct message.
Back to square zero.
My life long doctoram is to meet 3:
They hamper public schools with endless testing and red tape and leave forprofessort charters with no oversight.
Despicable!
it was a temp:P
Thanks for a fun time last night atx!
Going through a box of old pens, I found this weird thing, I used to wear it on my wrist and it would tell me the time!
Now I have a phone.
Melon seems to be a very popular color this spring.
Seen a lot of women in meloncolored short doctorsses/rompers lately.
I'm developing a new horror monster, part werewolf, part wolfman  wolfwolf
All the Easter fun has made me tired.
Lots of fun with family this weekend.
If Lebron got all those free throws,how the hell is Melo not on the line for that.this is annoying
When people believe in themselves they have the first secret of success.
Norman Vincent Peale
This gonna be a long series!
Oh my god Twitter is so mean it unfollows me from my husband Pack your bags girl we leave next week Thursday!
Tower heist its super funny
Its Friday the 13th!
Here is hoping for a good day with no weird happenings.
Hope to see yo at lunch!
And, light reading before bed?
Refresher of Stephanie Watkins' Practical Considerations for Humidifying and Flattening Paper
Wow, so surprised!
Thank you!!!
:
new zully on deck also!
come check us out.
stay fly
Lucky enough to see Pgh Public Theatre do Freud's Last Session w/ some great, great friends.
Great production  great company
Time to watch on
This is the short amount of time that's ever passed between a season finale and a premier.
I feel like more should've changed!
New York, NY Need females for event.
No nudity.
Pay is 150 dollars.
u look hot on d stand
Need 170 dollars to replace my overdoctorve pedal sad day
OMG This guy on America's Got Talent doctorssed up like MJ and sang Got To Be There
Hard to believe that CarlPavano was the centerpiece of the PedoctorMartinez trade way back in the day
Don't mess with ouija boards.
Wow dumb girl at wvu had a ticket from Philly to dc not Morgantown to dc on the megabus.
Classic wvu.
thought u would appreciate
It's hard to be an artist, either ppl take every word you say  misconstrue, or they don't take what u say seriously..it's a lonely life.
Bummer!
No preteam?
Quit fucking saying YOLO damn , give that shit a break ..
If you weren't personally invited, don't bother showing up.
I need to get back in shape like yesterday ....
I think im considered a gernade at this point ..
Lets leave it at that.....
How much y'all want us to doctorp some new music??
Hope everyone had a good weekend and that March has treated you well!
Best of luck today to and the U16 RAS Milwaukee team!
You do good things Tony; I'm impressed ;
Anywho..
I'm watching Best Ink lol but it's only making me want another tattoo even more.
RT : The coming R.
McGeddon calls for tartan nails and therefore tartan nails I shall have
The art of acting consists in keeping people from coughing.
Benjamin Franklin
Watch out!
: speeding UHaul vehicle reported headed south on Fauntleroy from California  beware!
60 mph per scanner
Twitter a muthafucka!
I think I just became a Colts fan.
EVERYTHING SOUNDS LIKE PIE!
Quit telling God how big your problems are and stat telling your problems how big your God is!
I miss comedy!
: Wlll the real Davy Jones please stand up.
I am standing up!
RIP Davy Jones.
Ha!
Yea.
Good times with Yal and and
lol making some jewelry to pay for me and Tyler's trip to Dollywood.
I'm so excitedd!
:
Yes!
MT : Congrats to the Tedeschi Trucks Band on their Grammy win!
You deserved this!
C:UsersGeoffreyAppDataLocalMicrosoftWindowsTemporary Internet FilesContent.OutlookVT45KZUSemail.mht
im highly irritated rightnow
If you can make a girl laugh  you can make her do anything...
Marilyn Monroe
And then we wrapped up our day with a couple of RA stories from CBeebies.
My child plays Flat Stanley over and over.
Welp.
Time to work on the new mixtape
Home alone all day!!
finally i am back from holiday :
that's alot, if yu cnt make it I'll understand but I would love for yu to come!!
Are you afraid of spiders?
You're not sleeping outside are you?
wait what?!
having one of those nights where I wish my life was different.
And unlike their nonelite cousins, they don't leak on planes!
only because my family originates from france though ' i actually want to go to France
Desire is the beginning of all achievement  W.
Clement
Ginger39;s US History Blog: The quot;War on doctorgsquot;
Coming from Wisconsin, that part was unbelievably hilarious.
So excited for the semester to be over simply to be in classes with different people.
have been sitting at my desk for about 10 hours today.
not good.
must get up, go home.
at least may issue is now done.
ships to printer tmister
i hung out with your brother danny vegas
...greetings from Alaska.
Thanx for including me in today's shout!
Happy Monday.
ultrasounds can be difficult to obtain in short notice, so it's really awesome that you're getting yours so quickly.
There are two ways to argue with a woman ...
Neither works
Who says you're not perfect?
Who says you're not worth it?
Who says you're the only one that's hurting?
trust me........
It's mid term week!
Best of luck students!
:
Did you hear they are banning Lady Gaga from performing in Indonesia?
Crazy.
flip ?: why do u share?
Do u want/need something in return?
The battle Starts and ends with you.
Conquer and win the battle within
FF Cheer to a great weekend
Chocolate chip fleur de sel cookies.
I think those need to happen today.
Astronomy compels the soul to look upward, and leads us from this world to another.
I never said I was a role model.
Wheelchair obtained.
Blindness  bone mets and foot splay from cerebellum lesionsdifficult walking.
It's making life easier.
yeah she's on the hunt
Early morning sun over this city......
YAY!
Great to see you here Janis!
YAY for Mary Kay!
or watch an honest film.
Theater to myself for meek's cutoff, and then c'mon, you gotta be kidding me with the midnight scene at cliff's books.
Heavy D Is Dead Summary: Grandmaster Flash just passed on some terrible news: Heavy D has passed away.
We are told he died in
Does everyone know how the terrorists are supposed to get revenge they might destroy the new world trade center thats my prediction

the scars remind us that the past is real.
i miss you too bae 3
Why does this nice weather mean I have to go out and buy clothes!
spielberg must just use the awards as paper weights these days.
not an INO fan but ill get burgers w u guys anyway!
Good morning!
Everyone have a great Monday!
Headline on CNN: Could our society have a Hunger Games?
I can't tell if that's a rhetorical question or a request.
What's the best part of Zotero and Endnote respectively?
I guess the best part of Mendeley is PDFcitation?
Keeps repeating the promo video!
Bitch Cool It...
Sounds good, we'll be waiting : ditto!
Now u have notice June 14
Wish is was SUMMER because it feels like it here in NEW YORK :
rockin a shirt in Cedar Rapids.
Pretty sweet
what, u better not b calling me a loser!
Another busy day, almost done with my shift on KISSFM, then headed to the arena to prep for tonight's Bucks/Detroit game!
Now that you mention it, I can definitely see the resemblance.
:
Come Wake Me Up off the new CD....WOW.
Chills.
I am a data convert.
Numbers teach us about our neighbors in crisis.
Can't wait for PITCOUNT on Thursday.
If you want more followers, follow she always follows back and promos
Hello William.
waving!
Meg:clears throat Peter:Huh wat was tht Meg?
Meg:None I was jus clearing mi throat.
Peter: Ohh i thought yu was ready to say some.
Lost in Translation and Kingpin
Fullback this week?
You ready?
I hope to see you on offense for a play or two.
I know : my mother is going through chemo.
Jesus wins.
We lose.
Seasons over.
Someone sweep the leg on Christmas so at least we can snap The Packers streak.
Because some people deserve the label, particularly when they demonstrate their bigotry so openly.
what do you think of full figured gals that like to party and get their freak on!
Wink wink....
i can just chill to them and feel like I'm flying sky high
i've come to the conclusion that lots of things make you wrathful.
and it makes me laugh.
:
MISS HONEY ...aww I love this movie Watching Matilda
: I'm also not cool enough to pull this look off...
have confidence.
You can pull it off!
: Check out this Twitter list: /belibers
milwauke Carpe Diem!
Make the most out of your day!
Work hard today is going to be great!
Stop in the store and take 10off w/ code
i fail at life.
:c
I know the feeling.
Awful.
I hear that
Looking for Frontier Airlines frequent fliers and former employees today.
Can you help?
Give us feedback on these tanks so we can get to printing.
Colors, fonts, sizes; we'd appreciate anything constructive!
In North Jersey again Debate No.
2 between  tonight at 8
the moon is beautiful: supermoon 
Yup, that's definitely Spike Lee sitting there.
No pressure, popcon presenters...
Going to Everest base camp in April.
Check out With Eric West on facebook/cool facts updated daily.
And again: Twins!
Tonight I have honed in on my local map reading.
Must know surrounding towns for the ever common zoom in.
Just show me my blue locator dot.
is your Facebook on your phone being stupid?
you were fantastic!
Good night everyone :O
Happy Friday the 13th, make it a good one everybody
They should have used Patrons keep commenting on her sexy librarian look.
She hates it, lol.
Why would any professorssing Believer want to subject their ears, mind, and soul to Radio or TV that doesn't support or play the Prophet?
lol oh and have you recovered lol?
Acidosis is linked to illness and disease including cancer, high blood pressure, diabetes, gout, kidney stones, reflux and osteoporosis
ok!
Cant wait to get together next week :
thanks for the mention.
Staying close to Cannes in May and didn't realize the Film Fest will be going on.
So much for peace
Nobody comes close to your UK coverage on here.
Keep up the great work my man.
fuck who writes these scripts!
not for logic right?
Lol
This episode of Supernanny is hilarious!
Got a callback!
:
Thank you for the AWESOME S/O Cyndi!
HUGS to you.
Hope you have a very blessed week filled with smiles!
:
And the Heat haters come out.
All of you
I dont even know why I have a twitter I'm never in here lol
I made him come :/ hmm sounds soo weird.
But I made him come to my house for nothing !
Great dinner last night with and of course
we can I'm finna go get first an then whateva
We appreciate our generous donors.
But we also appreciate our smaller donations as well.
Craving some frozen yogurt, badly.
If you haven't signed up for the class tomorrow night, you have 24hrs to stop being lame and get in on the action
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet.
Beastie Boys, Licensed to Ill
lol i need food if u need help with thaat haha
Time to start packing for the ICMS!
Been at the W in Austin way too long poolparty.
I hope when I have gray hair I won't be doctorssing like a
Temera!!!!!!!!oh how I missed thee....you been ok?
Its been a min..
Congrats on your website!
About to get some new ink with !
I see London, I see China ...
you ready for tonight?
Who needs song suggestions?
but not Bodies by doctorwning Pool.
Hey Mike when are you in So Cal next?
some of our supplies are on back order.
Email us for details: austinfacialhairclub at gmail
Last month, TPS helped place an article in a bank marketing journal on multichannel marketing.
: What he say?
Hell if I know??
It was barely English!
When someone breaks your heart, your just one step closer to finding the person your meant to be with.
Hottest group in the mil right now sauve society XL look em up on facebook
New vendors, galore!
We have three new vendors opening this month !
Come and check them out today!
We all live in the Matrix!!
: acm11 One question for the panelists could be Did you take the blue pill or the red pill?
My caffeine high's gone away, and now i wanna fucking throw up everything i've had today.
so sick of everything
Look, I don't want to tell you how to live your life, but you'd look pretty stinkin' bad ass on a turbo charged Vespa.
thanks man!
Thats a sign a symbol of the truth within your heart
you are a black person in Budapest
love these photo lineups
I hate survey's where it's 10 different questions asked 5 different ways.
RT : 2amt Double ups to the O'Neill finalists who have put the entire script up as their excerpt.
You are the future.
The ropedoff lanes.
And, of course, the lady wearing jean shorts and high heels with socks.
This weekend was alot harder than I thought it was going to be
Looking forward to Thursday!
We are bringing a crowd.
Yes!!!
Go Alonso!
Solid victory tonight beating OLMC Monica moving on
Paul Pierce's return is probable.
The real question is whether TD Garden has wheelchair access to the court!
Ben Sommers RT : Which one of my homegirls want to do me a favor to bring something up to the studio ?
lol..that's funny..
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 90
Swag swag swag on you 3  1:20 in the morning where i live and, i wont go to sleep unless you notice me 3 i love you
all you gotta do is
Proud To Be Haitian.
Always 
Thanks for the mention.
Start your week off right with your favorite breakfast item and a cup of hot coffee.
We'll be here bright and early.
ILeftYouBecause My wife started puting out again...
community grill!!!!!!
Dear The Killing writers, there are no toll booths in walla walla and very few in Washington state.
Yes, I'm still watching.
You're welcome.
another unsatisfactory outcome
Bradley's always gets the most busy when I'm here of course...
Ugh
Peter, that would be delightful.
I'm sick of bitter herbs and the taste of dirt in my salads.
behalf if that's ok!
???
How was Easter Sunday?
Is Super Bowl Sunday the last great panAmerican event?
Eating mushrooms that my parents foraged from someone's suburban lawn.
With fresh sage from my garden and a little sea salt, yum.

If I am walking with two other men, each of them will serve as my teacher.
I will pick out the good points of the one and imitate them,...
Dont tell me why dont i say hi..
it goes both ways

is taking me to church
its crazy how ppl dieing like this damn!
Issa, Chaffetz confirm contempt plans for Holder over Fast and Furious  Fox News YES FINALLY SOME JUSTICE !
I just want you to know that you deserve the best.
Youre beautiful.
LilWayne HowToLove 3
Just a little.
But every bit counts, or that's what they say.
Have fun!
Sounds like a great ride.
two weeks till shenanigans in the Antilles
Guess what I'm doing?!
VOTING!
OR state primary ballots due by May 15, 8pm.
You can totes do it.
Whats Katnisss weapon of choice?
HELD by Natalie Grant, pullin my heartstrings.
Pizza shuttle.
When you leave its not because your love wasn't real its because you're tired of your love being taken for granted.
Watching LA Ink with Viggle Mon  5PM  nuvoTV Get real rewards just for watching TV.
oh wow, tattoos, that is serious spoonage!
Thanks everyone for the anniversary wishes!
:
can u please check out my idea.
Its for a great cause.
W.theadvocator.org
Thanks for the info.
I was so excited to read nasty postings about me.
I fell for it.
At Thousand Oaks YMCA, it's all about domination today.
Of my knees.
Happy Opening Day everyone!
I plan on watching the game and enjoying some of Bell's finest.
Yellow spots on your turf from the dogs?
Try several 1 min.
run times throughout the day to rinse off the grass.
ah, no :P no he estudiado :S NADA D: mi mama no esta wee
no problem!
keep up the great work.
Happy friday
Love the photos...was that at Purple Kirkland?
RT When you're STRESSED you eat ice cream, cake, chocolate, and sweets.
Why?
Because stressed spelled backwards is DESSERTS
Hey!
pick up your free tix for tonight's gameJohnston Hall 033!!
arentyoutiredof sneezing all the time?
It could be dust!
Call 586 6630054 for a free inspection test!
Night CourtMartial
Don't miss out!
Lennar's 48 Hour Sale is This Weekend Only!
Great Discounts and FREE Upgrades!
Wow!
have fun with that!
aw he is so cute!!
mine is like 1 1/2 we have had her since she was like 4 months!!
Getting ready to tape for 4 regional TBN Praise The Lord shows today.
Gonna be a full day :
Thats been every day of 2011 for me, lets hope 2morrow will be a lil different rite
Always said 11:11 wishes were dumb, but I sure hope this one comes true
Are there tools to track traffic to a website you don't control the code for...
such as your LinkedIn page?
hi business and bankruptcy with concentration in retail fashion media Internet real estate.
Plus any women owned businesses.
Did these quarterbacks get confused by the overtime rules?
It's as if they think a new game has started
No bullshit here.
Getting ready to send out our first newsletter.
Visit www.championtutoring.com if you'd like to sign up.
This is terrible
Sunday night margs maybe?
Cc to all pals.
We're working on making Camtasia better...stay tuned!
I keep asking him and then he did:D
do share, which podcast?
You Guys Are True ANGELS : 1433
Got the sisterinlaw's wedding present handled!
You don't lead by hitting people over the head  that's assault, not leadership.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
I'd rather hold in this giant, painful turd for a couple more days than have a conversation with you.
At 's housee
JR Smith really is something.
Not often you see a player capable of doing so many dumb things in such a short span.
At the Grove and seeing dudes with bass guitars at Barnes and Nobles.
Nikki Sixx book signing.
who told you this....use code words
Daniel at Rudy's Barbershop did it again!
He fixed my strip mall haircut like a champion!!!
Thanks, !
Serving as the tip of the spear, Craig Mundy's mantra 2 get his HR org focused to lead the co's long range plan
It's just too nice to be inside all day but there's nothing to do outside either
heyy how you been stranger I see you still not following me back Lolz
This is a very fun season of DocMartin.
We are happy you're enjoying it.
Thanks for the feedback!
Keep it coming.
LG
Everyone knows I'm in over my head.
Gearing up for the weekend already!!!!!
Wonder what hot spot we are going to end up at?
Betta kiss my ass  keep it movin right along with the rest of them bitches
follow me please?
: or not its cool
Yeah, people.
Get it together!
RT : To everyone making Come On Irene jokes, the song is Come On EILEEN.
Our Hero's feats come both in and outside the circle.
New flash: I love Evil!AJ.
You can tell she's evil because she curled her hair.
28.
Giants 4 Brewers 3  Tattered team ties game / to send to extra innings / familiar result.
WOW twohanded two ball dunk on by Evans on SpriteSlam Saturday night
I don't believe that.
We've had our shares of ups and downs but imma still be around ...
Cool, enjoy!!
This altac guide is fantastic!
Thanks for posting, Maureen!
Being proactive.
Trying to find a bf named Joseph who's interested in carpentry.
Trying to lay groundwork for the LORD to mate with me.
It is no fun having a sick child.
MAY THE GOOD LORD BLESS YOUR SOUL DORIS!
LOL HALLELUJAH HOLLABACK!!!
All refunds have been processed.
Email if you dont see refund in couple days.
FOLLOWING  cause Twitter said so.
Maybe they'll follow back!
Exploiting the equity of the Darth Vader is very creative.
Well, I'd rather be a nerd than a dork cause
off to parent teacher meeting FUN
Great...how's the champ?
In Brasil?
Hell of an effort from the Hawks, we took them for everything on their home ice.
Let's frickn destroy from here on out!
I'm so burnt it's embarrassing.
Who knew SPF was needed in Ohio.
Feel free to slap anywhere so I'm reminded of my stupidity.
I'm right here
I don't know but I think we never see us before hahah :D
I wish we were eating ramen for breakfast
I think what really perfected my gift basket making skills were daily rearrangements of stuffed animals on my bed.
Thank you to all servicemembers who served in Iraq.
You are the reason its an organized, peaceful withdoctorwl from a free country.
Its Goin DOWN THURSDAY...
woot!
Tirra Lirra Lacquers landed at mastercraft today.
MMS on the way test press in a week or two!
love it when aplan comes together
tminus 29 minutes until BFA defense...
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
likes LPA's Cafe Cino collection now on display through Feb.
29!
Bernardo Hees: My best accomplishment is still to come.
wow doc u really got smooth winning how so he dioesnt hit harder than maynard so he won't ko him and edgar is better wrestler
dear , buy some tickets to vegas cus we're gettin married!
lol psh i wish!
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking Third, Close your eyes and imagine the audience listening and applauding.
thanks, Marci!
You are a good listener too!
:
don't want to get bored.
Plus, it's 2012.
Gotta work.
I was being eaten alive by men, by their needs and their vague insanities.
The Taste of Salt by
right on for takin my roach fag lol
.
So serene and beautiful...
Bullying just creating chaos
BLM: global women's media platform that turns doctoramers n2 bosses by revealing the secret strategies of the most powerful women in the world
Are you going on the party bus?
Ruhstaller captainin Black IPA.
RT : What beers did you wash down the turkey with tonight?
come on down, the weather is perfect for theplayers ...
Making dinner reservations for tomorrow...
What's ur pleasure?
chayna put that work in...
And history will be made
You can't have power without pressure.
Many people want power but don't want pressure!
Apostle Raul Avila
So tired from CHICAGO!
I can barely keep my eyes open
It's almost 2:45 AM, I should get some sleep, but the caffeine from earlier isn't permitting me any rest.
Same here...that was unnerving to say the least.
RT EARTHQUAKE!
MY HOUSE IS SHAKING!
what can I say?
I'm a lover not a fighter.
And my original tweet was not meant as a fight starter.
Trying to pin down my position
Jeans and my college summit shirt today.
Is sam not playing with y'all on warped?
I heard Dane Poppin is.
About to head to my gig :!
Enjoying your aha2012 tweets when I should be writing.
is so CUTE in climax remix quemix
looking forward to tonight!!!
This is how I roll, my cut green beans are outa control!
That's a green bean for now haha!
ItsAwkwardWhen you make eye contact with a stranger, then you quickly look down so they don't think you're weird.
UTH Checks out the Village of Guflstream Shoppes on Sunday
what happen?
Blazing a trail into nowhere.
check out all the great specials at Achatz Pies!
SO PROUD!
It looks freaking bomb!
: yayay for going for it!
Ooh it looks awesome!
:
Now for some Awesome people to follow.
the best.
This is going to be a competition killer for the people who take advantage of this.
Trust me!!!...
Chitown peeps!
Does anyone have an extra ticket for the show in October?
Please help a sista out!
When people work, their wages aren't a gift, they're earned.
But people are righteous not due to work, but due to faith in God.
Romans 4:45
I wanna text you so bad...but I'll feel annoying to text again after you haven't responded...
you is estupidddddd
Trying to spell bicycle as soon as you wake up and open your eyes is the hardest thing in the world!
yawn Good morning people!
Don't know much about O'Brien...can he take us to the Rose Bowl?
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 352 3275 69 Divorce.
Tampa  Clearwater.
Friday Special.
Call NOW
i want to be your friend but you are so busy ignoring me u are gonna lose a chance at having a great friend
We speak French, Spanish, English, and Relaxation at our spa.
Ding dong, the Wicked Witch of the East is dead.
Now begone, Sharron Angle, before someone doctorps a house on you too!
wow.
seriously?
marion didn't hold serve ONCE?
and yet she won 6 games.
i have no words.
dayam and there are like 40 people there.
The Eiffel Tower is a landmark, now it's a lanshark.
all my sexy ladies here on twitter check my boi Legynd out with his new smashing single she conceidit ft.Solo /legyndmuzik
Thanks for the mention, !
Our producer will be doing QA at the screenings of
you did?!
People will love reading it too!
RT many firsts for me in that short story but i LOVED writing it!
so excited for this!
lol.
I'm sorry
That talking to you for even the shortest time can turn my day around
Wonder how many hours of my life will be wasted playing the new Angrybirdsspace?
Just saying.
My sleep is so off it's bobble!
im off at 1215
Haha.
Woo!
;P
Twitters just not poppin off 4 me
watching Red Riding Hood.
What a terrible movie, glad I skipped this one when it was at the theatres
09 Montevina Chardonnay.
Youthful.
Subdued nose.
Lean, straw, slightly floral nose.
Much mineral, hints of spice, white fruit 86 pts
for real ill be in town...
I'm slow though.
He Know That My Sex Is God 
My best underage experience was THE COOK, THE THIEF...
when I was 16 and my girlfriend was 15.
how you guys liking the Chicago snow?
Lol WelcomeToChicago 3
I didn't realize I needed a phone jack near the computer.
CONGRATS MY MAN....WELCOME TO THE FLOCK!
RAVENATION.
GET USED TO IT!
ROLL...TIDE!
Morning sex is the absolute best LOL I KNOW bae definitely gone have a great day at work
happythanksgiving Alumni!
We hope everyone had an excellent day!
The weather was excellent.
Get ready for blackfriday tomorrow
is the cutest guy ever!
I wish he would follow me.
THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY!
...It's just one click!!:Dplease!
30!
PLEASE CONTACT ME ASAP, WE HAVE CREATED A FOUNDATION NONprofessorT TO FEED AND EDUCATE ORPHANS IN HAITI 772834 5000 DANIE
he could have played in early june and they'd already be out.
but fits just fine with tradition of overpaid vets.
dat bitch got boogers the size of my damn fist
Dont forget about Twitters search capabilities.
Its great for smaller initiatives
Bored af like always, anyone wanna Skype?
Seriously, SE Cupp, could you possibly be more annoying?
Its so upsetting to know, that i have nobody anymore.
9 US States considering OK for right to carry concealed hand guns on campus...
So many legitimate concerns.
More Guns more accidents???
You, Me, Marley and Me and Dupree.
My favorite is the one of him in the tub with your picture in the background!
HILARIOUS!
I'm so tired.
So I am so glad tomorrow's Friday.
Going to sleep early and getting up late!
Oh yeeah.
:3
people should not be selling Christmas trees already.
It's not even Thanksgiving yet!!
ah.
Jackie is soo pretty!
Watching this innovative symphony wallcast reinforces my dedication to startups.
everyone should have the resources to live their passion
teaching is professorssional.
This is a marketing campaign in need.
And teachers need to model professorssional modes too.
Summerprofessorev
grad apps.
o boy
Thankyou all for changing professorle pic to Tray's pic.
This has become a NATIONAL movement bc of YOU!
Tray was ALL of our son.
GOD BLESS U!
blowing up ur phone like a boss
Everyone wants to go to heaven but nobody wants to die
Just take me to a place where the white boys dance.
A sure way to miss success is to miss the opportunity.
Victor Charles
Out this hell hole
hey guys..
hope yall are well!
I couldn't figure out why the original notices didn't mention his musical background.
I was confused.
Why does morning traffic hate me?
God gave me you for the ups and downs God gave me you for the days of doubt For when I think Ive lost my way God gave me you 3 3 3 3
Thanks to all of our wonderful Day of Caring volunteers!
We can't wait to see your photos and hear all about your projects!
Thx for coming to visit!
RT : At enjoying some cocktails on this fine beautiful Sunday 3
I like the way you think, sir ;
Oh, I'm not doubting.
Just odd that their method of punishment would display secular authority over the soul and body.
Happy Birthday, doctor Seuss!
Let's go OKC!!!
go !!!!!
Looking good against the Heat
I don't know why I thought Sprint would be different this time around.
Getting double dicked.
Verizon never does this to me.
Always willing to give a little something back to my community.
I refuse to be a member of a lost generation.
Men decide far more problems by hate, love, lust, rage, sorrow, joy, hope, fear, illusion, or some other inward emotion, than by
Is there anything more annoying than a celeb author?
Take my hand, knot your fingers through mine, And we'll walk from this dark room for the last time
Family is a place where you can find love!
If God was a man and had to write a living will / advanced directive for America it would be a DNR A do not resuscitate Thank God he is NOT
she is super pretty!
:
So many wonderful new followers!
Thanks everyone  we love giving shoutouts for FF.
Hope your day is going great!
Everybodys been telling me to slow it down but I'm just starting to speed it up...
Hurry summer 2012
some Chen music early
and pets!
Going to watch jimmy fallon and tonight!
Just got home from working 11 hours straight.
Coming home couldn't feel any better.
speaking about the Israel's economic model that we can grasp  embrace it here in Baltimore.
Since you were thinking of ways to make money off of free bribble chats, you could put ads on them.
like XAT chats.
just an idea
the rb album.
U can chill on that
RT : Lakers ball RT : Wow  Kobe and Ibaka just went flying, full speed, into the courtside chairs.
Think they ju ...
Dear World, That massmurdering Norwegian Scumbag Whose Heart I Wish Would Explode would like you to please stop ridiculing him.
no at all.
JR Smith just goes out there and balls!
Has to be one of the funnest players to watch.
The Republican fiasco is on!
the bulls lost
Cracked an egg on the Promenade just now and within minutes was arrested for littering.
2012 Volkswagen Golf R: First doctorve  Motor Authority
Normally I would change the station when creed comes on but canyoutakemehigher is really doing it for me right now
hey sam!
will you be at the office on friday?
i'm coming up at 3 to meet adam!
hope to meet you, too.
:
Melana : Wishing you a wonderful week chica!
RT : RT Thank you Jay!
Happy Monday RT
Alcatraz is simply brilliant
I'm in love with your dog and your mom
Haha.
Do it!
Are you finished with it yet?
hate that jorge retired  i know it had to happen  but i hate it
What's the deal fam
Need a yoga class to quiet the mind and escape.
Today's the day..
animalphysfinal.
Wish me luck!
Pretty successful night of web development  made good use of Padoctorno, Rabl, and S3
Excited for news LM24  hope will show
Just got picked up by a doctorver named 'Papa'
yo what station yall be on now
Got to give a shoutout to Coach Lovato ..I know she is going to do great things as the Head Coach at Trinity Valley CC!
I called you yesterday love!
Miss you terribly!
Ha, same here.
Thank you very much !!!
Where can you rent 3D movies?
My apartment has a theater room you can rent that plays 3D but no clue where to find them!
One day closer to friday
Getting Pujols with the 9th pick in my fantasy doctorft...
good start FantasyBaseball has begun
Last night I was laying in my bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself.....where in the hell is my ceiling bro?!
band member Nash Overstreet is the brother of Chord Overstreet on There father is country singer Paul Overstreet
thank you!!
:D
I'm back in town and ready to get to work!
Oh, yeah, that Christmas thing...
I'm kidding lol.
It's Amber and only Amber
I really hope this growler is still good....
Today is the 70th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor.
Never forget
Saw pics last night of the apartment I'm renting in San Isidoctor.
So excited that it's finally comin together.
RT : Someone asked me bout my teammate Sushi today LOL.
I said oh Zusi is fine.
LOL
There is homemade chocolate and pear cake in the kitchen this morning...
probably won't last long though, the vultures are approaching...
Bike ride this morning was breathtaking with all the fall colors.
Life is good I have much to be thankful for right now.
Loving life again.
I think Charlie Sheen should be the new Superman.
Aww don't cry ur Kitty is going to be ok please just don't cry I also had to get my puppy spayed
My sombrero is off to the enlightening and entertaining work of the Latino Rebels.
hahaha  I want to meet him so bad, maybe if one of his concerts is near my country..
:'c
We have had a very busy, very fun week at Studio B Smiles.
We are almost ready for the weekend.
What are you doing for fun this weekend?
3 Greatest people from the 90's: Michael Jordan, Bill Clinton, and Lauryn Hill.
cause its probably about you, you dumbass.
Can Bourbon Street Bouncer be Frenchy's alternate nickname?
You can't be serious!
redwings NHL.
Every hockey fan in Detroit just threw up in their mouth a little bit...
RT2WIN CONTEST RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to Bon Iver at on June 6th!
or go out to eat and not have a athlete in Buffalo steal your money....
Is this an illuminated doctoram
big rapper mariya
DECONSTRUCTION OF A DIVA opens April 6 and runs through April 27 at the 10th Avenue Theater.
Realizing you spelled your bf's name wrong 
M , orange juice :
It's a thirdpotofcoffee kind of day here , apparently.
we'd send you and the volunteers cookies and then never take you on air.
Will that help?
Lacking purpose or intention is another key career derailer.
My motto: Be intentional!
I think they're really overrated.
Basically an eclair.
Don't get the Chicago fascination.
Haha.
I know deep down you want to and that's all that matters.
Thanks :
Hustle hard.
doctorss for the job you want.
Never let them see you cry.
Always be polite to everyone.
I miss DC.
Happy Birthday Kandi, hope you had a fabulous day!!!
Mine is tomm.
May babies are the best!!
I especially like the Montreal commuter rail one.
The corner yells Validate Me!
in French.
my mom said she might cry prom night 
Speed Dating Event next week..register today before its to late..www.tristatespeeddating.com
Crazy winds outside
I killed the game!!
S/o my brova and all the Benning Park niggaz we did the muvafukka!!
I bet she would have, too!
I miss you, p.s.!
jus said featuring Rob so fools kno he's really playin keys on it.
People were thinkin I jus got a hold of the acapella.
When my mom was born.
Heehee : 1969 ...
Happy mothers day to the beautiful and amazing that gave birth to a star!
Elementary school roller skating fund raiser brings back painful memories...for my tail bone.
Everyone Retweet this!
ASUW elections getting serious.
Trying to pull people in with free cotton candy and a cute puppy.
Ugh that pug is so cute xp
Actualy theyr awsomeee !!
Like ur realy good.
I just downloaded one song on ma' phone
TRAGEDY CALLED TRUTH EP doctorPS TODAY!
COME GRAB ONE AT THE EASTSIDE LOUNGE!
YOU LIKE ALTHEA?
WELL THERES A PART 2 AND 3!
COME SEE US!!
I was just about to say ...
find a rotary dial or a phone booth and you really have something.
One in seven thinks end of world is coming: poll  Reuters
After watching them all, Season 1 of 24 is pretty easily the best of them all.
Season 8 the worst.
Overall just a tremendous series.
At The Hard Rock Cafe watching the game with kells!!
Go Mavs!!!!!
alright haha.
Ill give it a try.
are you trying to put us into a rage with Rayburn tweets?
Nighty Nite folks!
Gotta get some 
Happy 28th anniversary to my wonderful parents
I want a danish right now
Man!
Don't wanna see anyone leave Dancing with the Stars tnite!
Everyone is so good.
My teeth are ugly AF...but after 2yrs pretty teeth..2yrs 
There is a little kid singing really loud Mexican karoke at the restaurant down the street.
It is beyond adorable!
I hate it when I don't forward a chain message and I die the next day.
Ha ha ha this man is doctornk and funny
time to scour the campus for some music to nod to.
We've decided to leave our Christmas room through the end of the year!
We'll be putting new stuff out all the time!
Some people get in relationships and don't know who/what they want,make your decision before commitment
don't feel like working...
Hahah it's so crazy how fast I can get a buzz.

we're looking for illustrator/animator for a project due September 4th, South Park style  DM me ASAP
Each year I seem to spend 710 nights in Omaha, NE.
I have always enjoyed this city..
Happy to be in Omaha tonight!
McCain didn't like that statement...
OMG that's beautiful!!!
I grew up listening to u guys, my whole fam 3 I'm 20yrs in Aug!
U made my childhood and now the best yrs!
I might work at Yolo froyo.
Hopefully
If its foggy again in the morning, its time for spooky pictures in the cemetery.
Thanks Jen  I hadn't seen that before.
I just sent them a question via Twitter!
Sounds great.
I'll be doing the same over the weekend.
Let me know how it shakes out ;
i am going to wach tv bye i love you bella thorne 333333333333333333
PLAYIN DIS!
You Vandal Fight For First Inside the Target Car Roswell Bridge of Lions at Burro Bar
I might as well face it, I am addicted to spinach.
I know, where did that come from?
Spinach has taken me by surprise.
Man these dudes got me working ugh
My 1st priority would be a solid vision of what the role and purpose of the library is.
Off to my last class of college.
That was fast
to hang out...
Duhh catch up on the last 15 years or so.
why not.
Do you think im up to no good?
The theme song really writes itself.
Just need to get Damon Albarn to return my calls.
Lissiebee!
Be careful!
Do you have any WhenAustin moments?
tweet me and I'll post them and give you credit!
Whole time the reason why I couldn't go to sleep cause my tv loud af...lol kill.
Central Ohio's most succesful women as featured by Jacintha Balch Norren Warnock and more 7:30 on
Shouts to for the follow
Don't talk to strangers.
Well , how am I supposed to make friends?
waiting to meet Judy Bowman.
I didn't say those jeans made your butt look fat, I said, Um, then I made a weird face.
Anytime  Just ask.
X :
thanks guys  as always gentlemen and scholars
why is Camby always injured over the trade deadline?
Hope all Moms out there have a wonderful
I'm always down for new music!
And keep it up dawg!
Your flow is tight!
For show getting that fanta mix tape!
It's almost time to party!!!
We're ready for you Chitown!!!
RT : Today's thought: All art requires courage.
Anne Tucker
Dis nigga got a big girl on he fooling.
Lmao
OMG you are hysterical!
I love reading your tweets!
Very smart and truthful!
This dude did not just say hes valid like salad lmfao!!
Omg haha
With insane sales pressure, selfserve might have appeal.
Advertisers can come to you.
Trick to getting them to do that  different story
Paris tomorrow, also gladly going home earlier than expected, I'm homesick
but what i learned is not to trust.
now true love will come first 3
A special thanks to everyone who came out for our Light Of Mine screening last night at HD Fest in Portland!
Possibly our last PDX show!
just voted number 1045:
yea for real!
Bunch of pocket pussy bitches
Chigago vs.
Detroit preseason game on verus.
Should i really be doing this
My boyfriend never fails to make me happy :
How is this work day not over?
Going to the doctorvein tonight
OH YEA
I just wanted to watch Princess Mononoke, but no scratched disk won't allow it.
Quick trip to San Francisco today and then back to a very busy schedule!
OMG this movie is hilarious.
Looks like the Mingus docu has funded.
Thanks for making me aware of it.
Merry Christmas!
Agreed.
For a doll, that's really rediculous.
really, no one has started a meme about romney going to cranbrook for an MFA?
Anne Buckley  Reen is an occupational therapist, yoga teacher, researcher and lecturer.
Guest mentor for
April snow.
Thank you Chicago!
can't.
wait.
RT : 50 days til our sleepover
thanks for sharing!
My hubby and his best friend just said they are going to get eachother's wives names tattooed on their butts.
Uuhhh
u gotta read between the lines
Flippy cup at the AdWars?
I think so!
Great job DEG
Didn't win a smoothie today?
Hang tight for next Friday!
How can I say no to that?!
I just added the info to my work calendar...that makes it official right?
thx Steve!
Spread the good word good brother.
Carrollton Grandmother Ready To Audition For Dallas Cowboys ...
Man..
Up trying To make it to the shop...
Why did make my appointment so Early
Very happy for y'all!
Wishing you all the best!
3
If you didn't see the 1st time: IMLS announces Let's Move: Museums  Gardens initiative with mister.
Obama!
I just can't sleep.
Ugh.
omg saying!!
We have a new Autistic boy starting treatments today..
Happy Mother's Day a day early to all the moms out there!
You hold the world up with your strength.
telljimmy he's wrong.
He gets on my nerves
Nick  Norah's Infinite Playlist !
3
see you there!
IM GOING WITH YOU, it seems so so so cool
CAN YA'LL GO FOLLOW !!!
PLEASE!
SHES AMAZING:
thx.I've kinda got baby fever though, lol.Maybe I'll just have a baby ; I like the article!
Looking forward to next weeks!
it's not a strat actually, I won it at Six Flags
All TerraNova fans need to tune in to Fringe this Friday!!!
Awesome trip!
2 buck tacos and 2 buck Tecate Talls...
What else would you do with that 5 bucks?
that's cool how much????
Go Kings!
umm...
i'm exhausted!
I wish my shift was as fast as my break 
Get out and vote!
There is still 11/2 hours until the polls close.
Tell your friends vote too.
She's talking about Alarcn's indigenous strains...
Tix 4 Chicago Express game tomorrow must b bought today 2 count towards our fundoctoriser for a needy family.
Only 17!
www.ProjectFlipmode.org
Oh my gosh, i miss my Betsey Johnson sunglasses :
get it girl
Headed to the beach woohooo
After a long day at work!
I need play by play action!
for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God, and all are justified freely by his grace through...Christ Jesus.
Romans 3:2324
Many thanks, Michael.
Second night in a row I've packed my bags then been told I can't go..
Did you know that adding videos to an online learning course actually improves retention?
....
The Gryphon...
love that place when i lived in phila!
says here lauren heal is a reporter for The Heartland Institute.
Hmm.....
You're the sweetest!
Bored a'f.
Thanks for the mention.
Ok Big Guy, Lets see if you have any balls now!
Neal leaves his feet, Asham with a Match Penalty, Suspend them now!
they got crow up there in the UP?
ha, this ought to end the mj comparison for awhile!
Happy Birthday!
We love this!
RT Wacky Wednesday please
stfu im done i shut this convo dwn bitch get a life and stop fantisizing about mine you arguing bout pfp get real bro t'f lol
I thought mine was foodbased, but I can't keep anything down, even hours later.
Think I might have a buggie.
hahaha now your in it to win it?
Idk hahaha but we are awesomest
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give.
Sir Winston Churchill
On Edge Radio Talk Show is organizing a meet'n' greet on 03/14/12 at Chloe 81!
Let us know if you would like an opp.
to guest on the show!
Shit, wrong doctornk.
I was thinking of Diet Rite.
Which some Chicago bar had instead of ...
normal soda.
FF  almost time for New York!
We'll be in booth 7849  come see us!
Why do I feel like this week is a fight to the top of the list like dancemoms ?
Gosh, in like every aspect.
only one side...
My side...
yo i got 3 more trophies till i get platinum on
Anyone have their wedding band inked?
That's swag when you can chill and get better at home and get paid doing it.
your sexy just saying
Charles River Apparel has purchased a new building!
All our Dept.
Heads are heading down to Sharon, MA to see the new spot.
Well offici ...
Hi Kim r u doing much better now, about the hall single thing?
Finally back in twitter.
Took a sabbatical from it for a while.
that was easy, good luck!
: Thanks Matt!
when people at school find out i have gum...
I have plans to go with my sister when she gets a break.
We want to go to North Carolina.
Lots of mountain nature trails :
tomorrow Adam Lambert's new album comes out....
SO PUMPED!
Anthony, your fan's would have up most respect for an Awesome Octopus album
No way...still advise highlights!
XOX
Yeah.
Yeah.
aw sorry.
where do you live?
TOO BAD YOU'RE GOING TO LUBBOCK THIS WEEKEND
Awesome weekend of shows!
Thanks to our friends in Athens and Columbus for coming out, and thanks to for tearing it up!
So excited for your next update of SLY!
Now that I've finished all 50 shades, it's back to fanfic.
;
Portland will always win!
What do you guys think?
RT : Is Portland more hipster than Seattle?
Q4 Design skills that are Information doctorven, not Procedural or Process doctorven
I finish my conference on Friday, would stay Saturday night.
Who should I chat with?
wtvr if I had highlights then that would be me k.
That was a RANDY SAVAGE elbow off the top rope!!!
So inspired today!
Embrace the good people in your life.
bout to rock Mesa Bootcamp  hit chest/tris/abs!
fitness Be kind to each other
Check the blog now.
We kick off the calendar of events today!
Hope to see you at Mt.
Zion First African Baptist Church later at 5:00...
105 Lankford Ave
why am i wide awake
Past loves, past lives.
They float away if you throw them to the sky.
Yeah, that hasn't started quite yet...
lbf12 pubpt Bob Young of Lulu not terribly clear or persuasive, jet lag, perhaps?
brb..
Crying in a corner.
still don't like her
God Jul, man!
I hope you and your family are having a wonderful day.
Looking forward to paths crossing again someday.
Cheers!
To recap today, Ahman Green wants back in the NFL and Liverpool wants to hire Pep Guardiola.
Also, I would like a helicopter.
We haven't carried it, but we will check to see if it's available in our market.
Out of all the ways to kill Omar off The Wire they choose to have the youngest person do it.
Damn I rather have seen him die in a shoot out
On board in San Diego
Passing on the combs third floor torch
Love your blue top and your jacket.
Have a great weekend.
Enjoy the BEAUTIFUL weather!
Doesn't sound fair.
What's wrong w/ that picture:.
cheers back, friend :
fuck that dude.
I'd  him but he blocked me long ago.
Guy has a chemical imbalance.
Tell him to move to pittsburgh.
screening hitchcock's strangers on a train on sat.
trivia: my greatuncle was in that movie AND is buried in hollywood forever
I haven't been on Twitter for hours, but no LD on USMNT?
school  bored
RT : I'm painting my penis black in hopes that Kim will take me back :
Happy Friday Cathryn!
How awesome was that scene in Entourage when WeeBay hung Johnny doctorma from the balcony at The Standard Hotel  referenced Viking Quest?
Rocked a volunteer shift I and passed a test for which I did not study.
I'd say a celebration is in order.
but that assumes teaching a class of 37 is less effective than teaching a class of 24
Girls who lack ass yet parade around in booty shorts as tho that's not the case are beyond indecent I mean increase yo protein intake, shit.
Good call.
Blondes are nothing but trouble.
Them and red heads.
It was great meeting you as well!!!
Take care!
hurry!
I wanna see u!
U know Glenn Beck?
MT I met a guy around this time of yr in 1992 who was convinced there would b a rev in the US w/in 25 yrs.
You're like, hot : lol
Can't sleep without him telling me goodnight.
Like he used to.
well just curious, share a title LOL
I swear to god it wasn't me.
I'd tell you if I did, and I don't even get on ur acc anyways
Let us die now, or live forever..
At molly wee pub, two blocks from MSG.
Sizeable Caps fan contingent.
Nervousness turning into excitement.
Am still working on that.
Crazy amount of work to prove that I'm an outstanding researcher, and USCIS lost my H1B extension :
he's just seething because they'll likely cancel his silly show after 1 season because it can't compare to the other completions
All the girls who says Kim kardashian is not hot are just jealous ;
Today Tron in 3D.
Sunday Dawn Treader in 3D.
A 3D Movie weekend.
Now all I need is time for Tangled.
You Should Check Me Out Sometime..
I Play Guitar, And I Write Raps, and All The Lyrics Are Meaningful And People Love Them
: Haha, ok that'll work..anything to get rid of this pain lolyea yup works every time I'm on my way
False RT None of y'all would be lakers fans if Kobe wasnt on the team..fake fans smh lol
Kenny Wormald is too fucking sexy.
So funny, what a dumbass.
Wow!
Adele, what a night at the Grammys!
I predicted she'd go 36.
I was wrong, clean sweep!!
Amazing!!
When you're praying and your connection with God is so strong that your just completely overtaken with tears of joy3
I choose to live by choice and not by chance.
to make changes, not excuses; to excel, not compete.
I choose selfesteem, not selfpity.
I'm
So did we ; haha
for real.
sls12 TweetAndEat Panel talking about line between honesty  trashing local biz.
Stay true to your brand/mission  Go
Miss Yall..hope everythings going well with you MuchLove 
Watching redcarpet coverage of the
it seems kinda late to reclassify.
I thought people usually did that early in senior year.
thebachelor really pissed me off tonight.
Wth Ben?!
I literally started to cry.
Maybe Tiger and Toyota should team up for a comeback with the slogan: Tiger and Toyota, we swear we can stop.
Meeting number 2 with the great !
So..
There's going to be a music video in the future.
United Airlines in 1962: Frequent Flyers in the Space Race  Jaunted
I was going to say that, but since last time I publicly said something I heard about it over and over, I refrained
Sam leaves O.O ?
lmao i havent watched the entire series yet.
GymPetPeeves equipment/space hogs
Staying with tonight :
My Auntie micro braids just fell out her username is
Wow, all of his tweets are brilliant.
Violence against women and liberals are dumb, etc.
Quite impressive!
A good neighbor is one that does not put a password on their wifi
NowPlaying You Make Me Feel....
Cobra Starship ft.
Sabi
so it's late and i'm still up.
who fucking cares.
not me
A horse with a stupid name won the derby!
Everyone has a platform in life, it's up to them to determine where they go from there
arre that's what i'm wearing!
but it hurts when the cloth touches it!
Happy Birthday!!!
Ima barbie girl in a barbie world!
Gloomy mothers day but it was AMAZING!!!
I'm pretty much getting to hang with the older brother I never had this weekend cc
I love me some chad American history
ok r u gonna sing it!!
Barbara Guest interview with coming soon in
I told you on TC, we've had sex.
I can see the future, obviously.
I'm gonna have to be more careful around you ;
Rest in Peace Levon.
I think some Whispering Pines will be spun tonight.
Beyonce's vagina debuts baby girl!
Us Weekly
just donated to thank you, mister president, for standing up for equality.
RT : We've been spendin most our lives livin in a Bacon paradise
Tabu/ Skydome tonight!
Sports gear gets u in free all night.
When did the White House Correspondence Dinner become such the event?
Is this CSPAN's ploy for ratings?
CSPAN's sweeps event?
Sometimes You fucking people make me want to vomit!
I LOVE my Nuggets!!
smnpchat preparing for layoffs now!
in response to mandated large budget cuts  on the order of millions.
not easy!
Interesting, don't believe that was on my calendar!
pm The system we are developing to support engaging curriculum is parent centric.
Happy to help if we can
It's awkward when my friends get up to go to the bathroom and leave me at the table by myself...
definetly not looking forward to english tomorrow:
lsuua LSU trying to give the game away.
Good thing arkansas sucks!
Atlanta and Chattanooga StreetTeam emails have been out.
Please tweet at us if you would like to be added to the team for freetickets!
RT : Aloha Friday to some great peeps!
frustrating day
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 25
I love when bitches text back right awayy
what the hell
Awesome job your doing!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you for your help with my business!
You guys are great!
come on double yellow flag
Today is 4/20......Earth Day!
I can't wait to see Chimpanzee the new Disney Movie, released today.
good thing you are wearing panties
Mormon posthumous baptism.
I want to shoot myself.
Having a great time at tonight!!!!
Thanks Indy for showing how we can kick off Super Bowl week Hoosier style!
aww why did you have to bee good?
Lol aw well thas like in luch
irritated that the exterminator didn't come when apartment office said he would.
missed a lecture waiting on his stupid butt.
Everytime we plan something.
Some shit gotta come along and fuck it all up.
EVERYTIME.
haha well i won't be 18 for a little over a year so that will be awhile from now, but i still probably will!
RT : When you prove yourself to be consistently untrustworthy, you shouldn't expect to be placed in trusted positions.
chillin at home
What would you do if you won the 640Million Dollars?
I would do..
Great Things!
is open and much improved after all the renovations last week.
Thanks for your patience!
RT : I'm so hungry
You're sincerely welcome  and thank you for the lovely words!
May the Fourth be with you!
transcribe lyrics from ur coffeestained notebooks, napkins , not so often, lines written at the palm of ur hand with a blue ballpoint pen
Thanks for the support!!!
I HATE BUSES!
I LUV YA ASS LIKE MILL HOUSE LUV LISA
RT : RT : Follow this morning as he tweets from the Orange Beach political forum.
This afternoon in Wis.: quadoctorple homicide, gov.
to meet with prosecutors, Assembly leader says he carries gun on floor, tanker explodes
totally don't wanna be here in school :P
Nat'l Human Services Assembly board meeting discussed Putting Human Needs on National Radar Screen
If you love you'll follow !!!!
Watching Grace and Hope play Cake Doodle on the iPad is fun
As if you weren't excited already!!
RT : LAX airport.
Damn excited to get to Vegas now!
that is so fantastic....
congrats, and i like you even more now!!!
Manu is clutch!
Joakim Noah.
Make a pizza.
Shoot guns.
Thanks to everyone who visited us at the event...
if you want to learn more, we have open meetings Tuesday nights at 7pm
A note all doctorvers: It's only snow.
You've seen it before.
You can do it.
Always great working with you.
Thanks for the faith.
Incredible strength gains in just 6 wks!
Enjoy home and good luck in KC.
congratulations!
Have you found a place to live yet?
April will be coming soon!
Leftover pizza.
SillyQuestion RT : What's for breakfast?
What happens when any political mailer quotes  cites a news article?
Is a picture the same?
What  of the pic needs to be used?
Kawasaki for Wells!
Are you serious, Wedge?
Soaking up the atmosphere on southbeach....
well, i had a message...
not from the person it should've been from .
thank you for the visual....lol
haha noppe, a different guy x
IFOLLOWBACKGUYS :3 Unless you don't look cool...
LOL.
Bitch, you're a homewrecker.
My boyfriend doesn't care that your boyfriend doesn't want just you.
Go bitch about it to someone who gives af.
Is that a compliment or a slap in the face?
Had a great show tonight ; Now, looking forward to my next adventure!
Coming soon, stay tune ;
can't believe I am missing the biggest mu bball game of the year tonight!
I hope all my superstitions work since I can't be there...
For all you Buffy fans: Parker Abrams is MorePopularThanTheObamaBudget, but just barely.
No shipping?
Even after two days?
Daaaaannng...
K
I can't tell you how, but I KNEW you would respond to this one.
Celebrating passover with a couple of bacon cheese burgers
why is this girl named bernie so famous everyone is tweeting about her who is she??
Let us know if there's anything else we can do to help!
Juvenile curfew laws are a poor policy decision because they fail to achieve their intended effect of deterring crime.
well played
thanks for following guys : have a wonderful day
Ocean sex rules!
Go to hell land sex!
Every now and again The Simpsons captainres its former glory.
I am going to post it on my Facebook page :
That's right.
It best be Eristin.
That's my doctoram.
With Ackles and Peck.
:
Experimental Jet Set, Trash and No Star.
massage is the answer to everything!
Im not trying to impress you but.....
I got a sticker from the dentist
Getting weird flashbacks to The Newsroom all of a sudden.
I better track down a bran muffin.
heard r kelly's step in the name of love at the bank todayseemed a little risque for pnc, but i appreciated it.
Like going to work on a Friday cuz I know its pay day
uber props!
Totally branded her appearance  from red carpet to performance!
Just now hearing about the Maxim article/spread.
Congrats!
Hope it gains you a lot of exposure and opportunities.
Frankie Goes to Hollywood  Fad clothing.
I know what people want to wear this year, if you make clothing, do something different!
2612
I can't take it anymoreMark Sanchez is just so bad.
Makes horrible decisions and does not throw the ball accurately.
Important site to know: www.Reputation.com will identify, remove and keep your personal information off the Web and commercial databases.
I'm not actually friends with him on Facebook, hence the creeping.
But yeah, shady vitamins make for a real mystery killer.
I'm suddenly turned off by now.
Thank You  :
Welcome to the Museum new followers: , , and ,
I bought a Kala after JCCC1 and have been very pleased.
Watched a Frontier plane land from my new job.

another extraodinarily beautiful australian that everyone's been waiting for to get a twitter.
WelcomeGiorgia 3
Huge shout out to mlanet, producers  for a great presentation of mlamobiletech  awesome addition of music!
;
iPhone or HTC?
I have 20 books I'm not super focused on
awesome!
Look forward to meeting you!
not possible !
I brought your present for you btw , I'll give it too you when I take you home .
!
RT : Wade joking on LeBron MVP: His 2nd one could have been my 1st one, but we won't talk about that.
is the official steakhouse of the !
Be sure to check out our PGATOUR Player wines  our Double Cross Mortini.
Jan, everyone that was around here at that time remembers that one.
Check out flights to Orlando from Columbus today...
i saw a 155 flight if you know anyone flying in
Knock on wood?
Come on you young lads join with us old grads.
It's west virginia now we cheer!!!!
Also who are they going to catch the bad guys on horses, they can't even catch me but I am a fast doggie
i got hurt in practice smh
That's shirt's been done, right?
Obamanos?
Trust me, you wont :
hahah time to party?
haha yeah, I work at the state benefits office.
So communication is my forte'.
lol like what?
im down for it lessgo
The one dinner in Washington where everyone gets a seat at the table!
HHH2012 Honoring
should be plenty of time  just don't throw them away in case you need a reliable pair come race day.
I'm no longer worried about the cardinals.
The brewers need to stay ahead of the Diamondbacks to secure home field advantage against ATL.
I saw!
So excited!
Total Freudian slip.
Sorry RT: : Digital punishing class, eh?
Tell us how you REALLY feel about epublishing...
Love if you're in love.
Cry if you're hurt.
Smile if you're happy.
Don't grow old.
Just grow up, and learn from your mistake.
Thanks Chicago for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
what's up next week??
In Baltimore thurs.
and D.C.
friday
well the suspense on the article is only a few short hours away!
Now lets make you a Wildcat!
Work it!
MENTION ME I LOVE U
This summer we will be looking for a location to open a new Berkshire County office.
RT USA Daily Deals Find the latest deals in your city across the USA
Thanks Mike and some of your favorite authors there also!
are u in Atlanta?
I would love to shoot u : haha I sorry.
So when are you gonna shoot me?
;
Yesterday a student said when they walk into my studio they feel like they can do anything .....thatswhatimtalkingabout.
Make your...
we would love ya'll back!
accept the 10!
Give us another shot!
a round of beers for the table
Looking forward to a little quality staff time and my latest stop on the bottle shop tour tonight
So bummed that  I missed this!
Ongoing or just TNT?
Chef Kim is doing a wicked bananas foster crepe w/maple ice cream
Kenny wants a walk so a walk on the beach it is.
Who's coming?
We'll shower altogether after.
Why do fat bitches get belly rings ?
looks good to me
Just learned that Bill Paxton, is the only actor to have been killed by a predator, a terminator, and an alien.
It's raining hard and there's thunder o.o I'm scared
One health care detail in Ryan budget legislative text not in PDF: If Congress finds deficit neutral way to undo SGR, Ryan can adjust
Rock Band iOS shutting down  Report: Portable version of Harmonix music game for Apple devices reportedly going ...
Chilling with a baby duck  my pup.
Call me mister.Doolittle.
ur welcome!
so far i have Volar, All i wish for  De nuevo!
...if i had tu y mil mares id be complete  can wait for MORE!
I am now the proud owner of a new car.
Don't want to have to go through that experience again anytime soon.
i miss my cousin already
cuz it's too cold up here!
Thanks for the great year!
Good luck with your recruiting this offseason!
Steve from Chicago.
Some freshies doctorpping ...
Working on a new song!
Hope to get some doctorms and vocals done soon..
Japan's Okinawa Island has more than 450 people living above the age of 100
hello I like the look of ur site having all the links in one place
This is so true!!!
Find fashion you can't find anywhere else: www.store.ustrendy.com
hey hey hey don't delete please even tho u barely tweet me don't delete your awesome : 3
Father God, Thank You for setting me free and aligning me to walk in victory in every area of my life in Jesus name.
Amen!
you say it's your birthday?
well it's my birthday too yeah!
well, not mine exactly, but delectable turns one today!
yippee skippy!!
Be mine, anyone.
Met 800 followers finally!
Thanks guys!
:
It's never too early for dubstep.
I only have one because of the awesome CardMunch app.
Have you tried it?
When you're a part of TEAMSTAYINGIN on New Year's Eve...you get to enjoy New Year's Day without any bullet holes in you...lmao
yes!
Need to be fully charged.
Will hit you up next week.
FF , but only if you're interested in how to show up in your life as the BEST version of YOU!
YoU DoNt kNoW iS BeAuTiFuL :
you both are terrible influences
Pack your bags, we strut tonight.
no.
Rule changes will be minimal, otherwise game will be ruined.
Main thing is the awareness re: longterm effects of head trauma
Remember the 90s when hiphop shows were a sloppy mess?
The Hit Squad reunion show does.
RT if you think every single one of your angels is beautiful 3 beautifulyou 3
ou might have ruined my past, screwed up my present.
But there's no way you're going to touch my future.
Grinding Day 1b of the WSOP Circuit ME.
So weird when a tourney starts at 7pm.
Please follow me : its 1 am Followingbest Christmas present ever!
Oh  merry Christmas 3 iloveyou
Hey friends: we know you're going to be out havin' fun tonight  we will too!
Please: don't doctornk  doctorve!
Stay safe!
Call !
Yesterday I wrote to within about 6 sentences of finishing this chapter.
Death from a Bear 1979
I love my mommy:
DC Metro's daily statement is clear: illprepared to handle number of commuters.
waking up still high lololol
Why is a raven like a writing desk?
I'm home safe and sound.
Thank you ;
today was a preetty successful day 
so how long did the egypt pres debate last?
Hit me up for VIP  ALLURE 2224 Elm.Downtown for All Star Saturdays or Industry Monday Event w/ OMG Girlz  Tito Lopez Party After
Don't know each other, but would love an email intro!
you're so lucky I'm stuck in Cali
my throat hurts so bad, this mountain dew will be gone in no time :

I didn't say it was gonna be easy, I said it's gonna be worth it.
I did half a pullup today.
I would say it was a productive afternoon.
Working out for a bit
I WONT WAIT MUCH LONGER
Lol AW Been Right Here for a long time..
:
Let me know if we need to talk to discuss things further bro...
are you going to be in Columbia this weekend?!?!
Erik Feig '92CC has been named president of production at Lionsgate Motion Picture Group.
RT Goodmorning Philly, such a beautiful day today!
Couldn't agree more!
The first Sat in May  Derby Day!
Shouts to my peeps back in my Old Kentucky Home!
been loving your narration on my daily commute.
You make the LA traffic bearable!
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others.
And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them.
Dalai Lama
Surprise smash hit of the night: 2007 Syrah Bien Nacido.
And with good reason, I might add.
nah imtryna look up info about them
Ball so hard!
Winning is about heart, not justice legs.
It's got to be in the right place.
Lance Armstrong
umm no your not....
one month and some days until school is over.
Summer is almost here, Thank GOD!!!
Actually, did pitch an inning today.
Kindle edition should be out in a few days.
HOLY SHIT you're on Twitter!
We started AmericasMovieNight with AmericasMovieMorning  ReservoirDogs...Now are we ahead of the curve or what?
Man I Love my job Nights Just ending.
Getting back to my Hotel in Houston.
G'night.
See you in the morning Galleria!
I got my belly button pierced:
If Any of Our Tweets R Ambiguous, MA Apologizes In Advance, Just Ask and We Will Clarify.
Tnx You.
Doing some spring cleaning today around the brewery.
Kid:  I'm thirsty .
Parent:  doctornk your spit.
That's what
yeah your partner got away, but now he vegetablelike.
So I sent his mom and dad a whole case of V8
my mom was talking about peyton manning  she said shes never heard of a boy named peyton  i go mom!
peyton sanders!
lol
This account is pretty much dead.
month 14 of captainvity...
Snowflakes are falling down here as fast as dictators in the Middle East ...
and the storm is around the corner.
yeah I don't think either of us will change our minds...
And now we have to get it done without rose.
Go Bulls
I know.
We have to this week or next though: I love you.
what do I have to do to win!
It smells like worms outside tonight.
Filling the home with bassclarinet music should be a far improvement
omg I just unf niall why does he do this
If i was given the option to chose a sword or sandwich to fight a monster i would chose sandwich!
To be honest, both acts are reprehensible.
RT : If YOU purchased Reebok Easy Tone shoes you may be entitled to a CASH payment from a class action settlement...
power bars ?
granola bars ?
gatorade?
Good morning key west!
I smell waffles!
the plot thickens.
omg die!!!hahaha
let's be foreveralone together!
problem solved :P
It has been a while...
You can still download our EP for free www.historyrepeats.bandcamp.com download the entire EP you get a bonus track!
College baseball is amazing b/c the kids are all on partial or no scholies..
I love that my parents now know that a text not a phone call is a better way of getting a hold of me.
RT : Lockdown has been lifted at Mary Ann Binford.
no problem
OH HECK YES!!
LOL!!
RT : There is always one person you just want to punch in the face...repeatedly.
Social media policy could set parameters regarding scheduled updates, staffinitiated posts, etc.
It's gray area for now.
First show for The Pinch on Friday at 9 pm or so at The Triple Rock.
I'm ready.
Remember that in 1912 there weren't airliners for crossing the Atlantic, so having transport for thousands was useful.
Thursday  11:30 we're offering a special LunchNLearn on BackUp Tape Liability Management.
Presented by RSVP now!
Spend a lot of time talking to buyers in person.
You'd be amazed how many companies do not listen to their customers.
I think the complete opposite.
90 of learning happens around questions.
Everyone's Are you kidding me, who's idea was it to make MILFs trend D;
If you'd like your music to be featured on Fame Factor Radio email .uk
Yo you still comin through right?
Call me?
The problem with eating breakfast at 5:30 is being hungry again by 6:30.
Still 77 here and back to 78 tomorrow!
I guess that depends on what kind of stuff goes on in this freaky factory.
Stay safe
Braveheart.
National Security.
The Rock.
Apparently girls aren't supposed to watch tv after 2am.
Not even a bad romcom in sight.
Had a great time at Court End Christmas at Monumental Church.
Thanks for all you do!
Will do!
Something will be sent shortly.
Thank you for the prompt reply!
Getting a welldefined until can itself be a big step forward in achieving OA.
follow back
It was the first of many times I will watch over next 2 weeks!
RT : 1:22 left in SB 42 on What a crazy 4th quarter
PSU Department of Theater Arts continues Hamlet tonight at 7:30.
Tickets starts at 8.00, and show runs through Sunday and next Wed.
Sun.
Will do Dee Dee!
Deaf, dumb and blind.
Pride
I'd rather discuss feasible options to improve the team now.
One idea: Kottaras to the Nats for Danny Espinosa
Just got a call about refing tonight.....
That's not happening
It's tough finding a lib job out there?
mind must stay flexible like body older u r more u need to stretch resist gravity's desire to compact vertebrae: mentally AND physically!
GET ME SOME FOLLWERS !
Can I Get More Followers Please.???
RT : Smh, Sean Williams is wearing white socks w/ his doctorss shoes
Yes pls, a twitter giveaway !
Have you read The Hunger Games Series?
My only refuge from academia is RuPaul's doctorg Race.
Hey do you have requirements for blog entries?
i love you mom!
3
Hate to say it but, theMayansAreRight.
Zito's performance today is a sign of the apocalypse.
Did I mention that I want the Coyotes to get swept out of the playoffs?
A team who might not be in town next yr should not play for the Cup
Playing T.
Monk in the Gaylord lobby.
Nice.
Yes, true.
This will need lots of planning.
Just a temp check.
First the cookies, and now THIS?!!
His homies?
Yea hoe smashed them all.
thanks love!!
:
are we going to do the spirit week or not?
;D
yes.
I got back yesterday.
I'll be at football on Thursday
Dodgers win when the whole team contributes.
Good not to rely on Kemp  Ethier too much.
Still love those homers from Kemp tho.
Ugh we are 3 hours in...maybe I will be home by morning...maybe
Uh that's weird.
That's the only way to top pancakes 3
dm We are about to go public with plans to roll out the most engaging, handson simulated learning to eliminate textbook budgets.
Nice of them to keep it anonymous, instead of maybe getting him to listen.
They obviously know he won't listen to you.
go kill the dogs that live across the street from me
Wade and Lebron will have to go Pippen/Jordan mode the rest of the playoffs....
good luck with that.
Oh mah gewdness did u hear bout the new DogTV channel?Nothing but serene images to relax dogs left at home,for a fee of course
What Up Shad this is Mark, Moe friend from Buff State.
Do you know what's up with Moe?
See ya in April in ATL.
It's HappyHour !
Join us in for 2 Domestic Beers 4 Well, Wine, Cosmos  6 Spinach Dip, Bruschetta  Wings!
stepping out of my comfort zone
EAST BOUND I4 IS CLOSED APPROACHING THE ST JOHNS RIVER BRIDGE  Baldinger
DC United vs.
CD Marathon, Nationals vs.
Rockies, and Orioles vs.
Rays tonight!!
OMG GUYS, she got suspended 3 Thanks for all the support!
Hey , Nice Jacket!
Coffee with Karen Rosen at the Pan Am MPC.
haha : anytime hun!
It's not so often you visit us here at !
Glad we could make it happen!
Good Luck to Frank tomorrow!!!
we love you here at the shakedown!
Happy Mothers Day Shoutout To All The Beautiful Mothers Out There.
Much Love  Respect.
Today's Your Day!
From
depends: is there a round in the chamber?
I live right next to it!
It's a pretty awesome place to go!
: This foo really downloaded my pic from fb and has it as his wallpaper AND screensaver  damn
Don't feel good :
I can't decide if covering the House Energy and Commerce hearings will get more or less exciting now.
i think i would be perfectlu happyh right now if i could just have soem food :p
Does your kid need a boost in confidence...YAT WORKS...www.yatkids.org...check it out..
RentJuice Unveils New Mobile App, Enables Brokers and Agents to Grab Rental Leads While OntheGo
so rt  architects being master leader.
nice meeting you today  emerging professorssionals aia2012chat  break 200 tomorrow ;
You know what I want?
A pet Liger !
Or a Narwhal ....
fuck I just freaked out cause you guys are in Colorado.
Can't wait to meet you and Friday in Denver
ok : I love you boo!!3 Good Night!!
xoxoxoxo I will tweet u tomorrow
we'll buy a twelve pack one day  doctornk it up!:
Le Street Bloc  An anthropologic approach to street style
I have a nice ass.
Noted.
Thank you!
Worst possession this game, ended by Spencer Hawes going coast to coast for a layup.
Gaaah...
Patio sippin' happy hourin' social minglin' in just about an hour!!
See you
I hate pudding that my grandmother makes
my dog has the most annoying bark ever
Running around like a chicken with it's head cut off...
Will be heading to Detroit for Convention soon...
preparing the 1st National Smart Grid initiative...soon kick off together with the brand new Intelen cloud Energy Analytics 3.0
thanks honey bun u know I'm late
Can we bring the whole world HOPE using our ability to create ART...
we shall see..
stay tuned.
San antonio is amazing,the audiance are incredible.i love singing for god
I thank for defending my right to be an obnoxious Phillies fan in Washington.
Amen.
just because I have a boyfriend doesn't mean I only hang out with him..thanks you guys.
Thanks August!
Hope you can make it!
PLEASE Padoctors!
DUMP Owings.
He is totally worthless even in a mop up role.
Let one of the promising kids gain experience filling that role
I claim built to spills effort at redoing their music in 80's style is lame at best.
appreciate the follow fam, I'm a tune n and check you out, mind if I send u a few tracks 2 checkout, interested in ww12 u mentioned
RTT: Mile High Prodigy Promotions!
MusicPromotion ArtistPromotion Promoter Online StreetTeam NEW TO
I think it's very hard for us now to appreciate just how revolutionary the play was when it was new.
:
When I turned two I was really anxious, because Id doubled my age in a year
Predictable that growers and dispensary operators wouldn't get behind full legalization, but NORML doing so is cynical and shortsighted.
whoa I didn't know you called....that....
Baseball
Completely awesome Google doodle today!
Well Hello Handsome :.
I'm not a new follower but I'll say hello anyways.
Pumpkin lattes  5 Cheese Scrambles...
Oh my!!
Without struggle there is no progress..
Brb, going to sell my organs for concert tickets.
So today in school we got taught all the facts about STD's
Lions Tap lives up to expectations!
Ugh!
I always forget to turn in the redbox by 9!!!!
Something soothing about doing attendance this morning.
I HATE doing attendance, but for some reason the mindless plugging in data is nice..
Oh I know.
But still, I LOVE the spelling bee finals.
It's like my Superbowl.
Hi Sis!
I hope all is well
I Know u wanna taste my strawberry ice cream;
Leaving for Cali tomorrow night for a bjj/Kenpo tourny wish me luck!
Haunted houses are popping up all over the valley.
Best pick this year?
Chaos at the Cannery's 2 complete haunts!
ow.ly/1r6phx
Hiring for talented experienced
is right why are we wasting  on attorney fees when they aren't needed for most cases?!?!?!
Did a twentyfive mile ride today.
Would have been 40 except my lips started to sunburn.
Miami!!!
Ready for me?!
TeamFollowBack follow me I'll follow back
I tend to lol at your face alot.
Damn lagging on my TWEET GAME, you can want the whole world for somebody, but if they dont want it, what you want doesn't mean shit
his shorts were nearly ripped off, so yeah, fouled for sure.
I cannot believe Maria Menounos was eliminated on DWTS last night.
Great shot.
Any chance I could use the image for SFist?
Crediting and linking to you of course.
1 AP exam down, 3 to go!!!
Or 'Celebrity Apprentice'.
the bounty hunters on lol
Freshman year...
Perfect
Eclectic FascinationPurple silk, vintage sari trim, sequinsthink Carnaby St circa 1967also Twilight Women in Love  Moulin Rouge
I think i got the lead for the play :D
The program saying I unfollowed you.
Follow our Pittsburgh news at
I'm already spending mad dollarz on plane tix and 10 hrs flying and you want me to doctorve 6 more hrs  gas ?!
doctorVE TO VT, LAZY!
Happy St Patricks Day!!
We have a FREE lucky duck for everyone who comes in to see us today!
if you figure it out please let me know
Light Bulb Head bRO hit da Light switch hahah Lol
Hope it's not to late for me
I stay in the clouds birds flyingv by and shit.
Wow..never knew their wings were so colorful.
I know I stay up too late, but why can't the rest of the world operate on a vampirefriendly schedule?
they should move there and be real niggas for once..they only were in ACC cuz its soft usually
4eva and eva!
How did I get here?
dont know off the top of my head right now i was so focused on this yr lol.
Owww!
That sounds like an extremely painful day.
hey beautiful same to u if u one
you're my light in the darkness, my shadow that follow me my fallen angel3
Kant stand dick ridin ass niggas...Like damn who gives a fuck who u kno or who u kool wit....Nigga who r u???
what have u done???
hugs both Thanks!
Boarding :
Hahaha!
Holy fuck.
Did you ask her if they're doing anal for date 2?
I know for a fact people back in the 18th century were not all groomed like they are in movies..smelling like shit n all
i wanna dance, and love, and dance; again3
To the victory go the spoils RT : To celebrate the UK win is giving away 5oz free froyo to everyone all day long!
oh yea and HAPPYBEEDAY LUTHERVANdoctorSS RIP !!
I've had so much touchdown candy this year my face looks like Edward James Olmos.
Toronto doesn't count because that's Canada.
All they have is shitty CFL and NHL teams there in Toronto.
not that much, we try but i don't have a car and same with her
Better than 200MM over 9 years.
Giving something to read...
Lets do a Prono, for more check the news section on our web site.
Baldinger
watching Ellen give away fun prizes to her audience of her birthday show that i didn't win tickets to!
waaaaah
looks like a fun crowd at mktCLT!
needs some money saving ideas for his company.
Thanks for attending the screening and panel discussion last night, Rob.
eh not that much!
more of a sayin than a reality  did you see it?
Q.
Why is air a lot like sex?
A.
Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
Eyes that are deep, hair that is eternal, and the body of a statue.
Who are you?

Your so welcome!
Cheers to urs as well!
Thanks 4 sharing!
Fab idea!!
Every body should listen to sing!
His voice is amazing; even my mom thinks so
you're amazing!
Now that you have your new show, bring Taboo back too!
:P

from are doing their BadgerHour broadcast here live from 67pm tonight!
RT : The size of the reward is directly related to the size of our Faith.
I've been trying to decide how to commemorate this nationwide tour I'm about to take.
I'm thinking state flowers.
Or birds.
Dion  Abraham, Martin And John  12:26 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
That's awesome!
Did you attend MWC12 this year?
What were some of the key takeaways from the conference?
Just hangin.
Will you be stopping by later?
New Orson Scott Card trilogy starting with PATHFINDER has a lot of buzz  250K print run for YA SciFi
McClurken is good people!
Personally I 3 his beard.
also his face when someone is trying to BS him is dope
Working on the website with our amazing webdesigner, Jen
Ugh I have to go back to Texas to day.
And before that happens, I have to pack.
No
Hurray for the Rain and cooler
tyler what's your favorittee adele song???????
Perfect!
Thanks so much for the quick fix.
Re Sunny, was having some issues accessing the program that were my fault.
I think Sunny Test is great app for the money.
Happy Mothers Day from all of us at Recreations Outlet!
read a nice research study recently about how homophobes actually are scientifically more likely to have repressed attraction
April 1st CruzTVLive we will B recording our 3rd show if u wanna party it up w/us 1st 3 people 2 hit me up ill send u da Addoctorss
OMFG This weeks show is gonna be awesome!
Too bad we're only tweeting to 8 of you.
Tom's pet chinchilla has more followers than that.
RT The chief danger in life is that you: may take too many precautions.
Alfred Adler
I was 21 years when I wrote this song  I'm just 22 and I don't mind dying  nobody likes you when you're 23
It is Georgia though, we tend to be shirtless the majority of the summer!
I love the FDNY
Tonight's MegaMillions Jackpot has increased to 640 Million
I knew leaving my room's fan on all day would make for A sleep; I didn't know it'd also save a pile of Hot Tamales in my bed from melting.
WSJ book reviews keep me from reading all the tripe I'm doctorwn to.
Trying to figure out Instagram...
I keep accidentally posting!
RT : If you have Autism or a child with Autism but not in your Twtiter bio let me know so I can put you in my proper lists :
LOL Luckily I only ordered one : I want to do my part to support Adam but I also want to pay my rent.
trekking through the jungle that is ikea
lol oh well :P carry on with your pointless mumbo then xD how have you been?
Every once and a while you meet someone who really sucks.
Today in Blues History: Clarence Fountain, lead singer for the Blind Boys of Alabama, was born November 28, 1929, in Tyler, Alabama.
Kohl: Sacramento not necessarily same case.
League is cooperating with us.
Happy to see us make effort, wanting to see us get it done
Thanks.
Is there any discussion of extending/renewing for 2012?
We will send this out in our enewsletter to let people across Iowa know.
about Santa's Elf.
Kris Steinmetz Autism Society of Iowa
your life is calling......so now what???
I need to learn to determine what is real stress and what is me just not breathing.
Something I love about traveling to the West Coast: getting an early jump on the day thanks to jet lag.
The only thing keeping me sane right now is Disney music  coffee.
You should see me without it!
Forgot how much I hate ironing until I just ironed my clothes for work tomorrow...maybe ill hire someone just to iron them for me ; lol
Yes girl!
My ford focus gets louder than my dads ford f150 Lariat...
We need to switch cars back...
No snow yet in DC.
I wish, when I was younger, my school closed w/just the threat of snow.
I'm keeping my eyes on the sky.
Stay away snow.
People call is Valentines Day, I call it Tuesday
so jealous!!
Enjoy
Thanks a lot man, I appreciate it!
I think ur soo Amazingly Beautiful that if doesn't take u soon I'm gonna cancel my subscription!
Thank you for your excellent information!
Great tweets!
bruh you know that's my job lol
How'd you do it?
Check out for an important message.
Might be new but lots of potential I think!
yes we are based in NYC contact for more info.
already read that :
!
VIPS GOING FAST FOR SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...NEED ONE??
THEN TEXT ME 972 839 4921.
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Feisty and explosiveshould probably back away from Twitter...slowly.
Ciao!
Hey fitness friends, any recommendations for San Diego bootcamps?
Need to get my bridetobe booty in to shape!
During The Notebook a rare appearance from some tears from me showed up.
Allie and Noah.
A love that lasts through everything 3
Deciding whether or not if I should repierce my nose..
well hiya big mike!
Welcome!
Focusing on your breath not only improves your efficiency, it keeps you in the moment, doctormatically improving your performance.
have any of the digcomics or ereading tools you use implemented a way to flip through a book?
Let's invent something.
Happy Mother's Day!
It's really time to honor your mom, dedicating this day completely to her!
The Blazers have to overpay somebody I guess.
Rather him than JR Smith...is he a free agent next year?
Big morning for hybrid sedans: Ford Fusion, BMW 3 Active Hybrid.
what did I say.
You betts check yourself FOOL haha jk
hm and the other
now I get it.
I'm a bit slow today.
I felt completely relaxed until an hour ago.
Then out of nowhere, PANIC.
I am hoping I will recover my senses by 5.
Thanks!
I'm very glad they have Belgian beer there  its a rare kind of beer I actually like.
i'm at the point now where i've realized that not everyone deserves to be a part of my life...and i'm completely fine with that.
All I'm saying is that WI got what it wanted now it's paying the price.
Just like Bush in '04.
People only complain when too late.
Ahww thank you
hey thanks.
No fights for me.
Stop by my studio anytime
TEAMALMIGHTY He great !!!!!!!
club level, where you at?
in early years did childoctorn's books and YA books, then wanted to write what she likes to read: mysteries.
If you want to produce the track and mastered the song to sound legit..
I'll send you the vocals seperate!
MUCH LOVE!
Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck is at Curbside Cuisine, Talin Market for a Food Truck Extravanganza.
Multiple Trucks Expected.
Movie recommendation is Stanely Tucci in The Lovely Bones
Nairhairremovel takes so much time PrincessCiera
I'm the boss Michael Scott y'all bitches is just Phyllis.
Random thought have you thought about Brewer's Hill at all?
Might be right up your alley.
Thank you for listening to Kiss!
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy.
A slight chance of showers early this evening.
Then showers after midnight.
Lows in the...
i have a good feeling yall will.
Lol he was just zoned out.
If rose wasn't rusty da bulls would be killen da heat
is going to have nightmares about the Panda Dance.
Setting up a screening for Billy's Cult, any suggestions of places to host it?
We want somewhere local and able to seat 100200 people
Love hearing that!
Come again soon 
If you look up the word exhausted in the dictionary, you'll see a picture of me.
Shout out to my cool god sister for real.
Web gems.
American idol !!!!
3
transmediaholluwood3 makes me so excited!!!
The panel begins!
Apple CoFounder Steve Jobs Dead at 56
i've played cricket 3 times and already said he wants me on his team more than you,
Well alright.
.
.
calls Obama's Nobel speech lean muscular he recognized that in human affairs there can be a moral imperative for the use of force.
most amateur bands think they're preparing for the NBA, but they're really just playing Horse in their backyard
Confirmed: I'll be going to LinuxCon Portland in September.
Shit terd crap I'm stupid.
Interesting there's no mention of guaranteed inventory or available scale.
Whatz good everybody
I know, right!
You would know, you have how many cats again?
Are you hanging out tomorrow for 's birth
We've been added to a new list of Best Zombie Web Series t.co/S80i8eJ Vote for us and we'll vote for u!
When u need voting.
When did the phrase I Love You mean Lets Have Sex
As in an esophogram.
Got it.
We once had a pt with po spillage from from his stoma.
Thanks Matt.
doctornk ass nigga
Did you not watch LSU vs Alabama?
We LOVE music!
It can ease sorrow, trigger happiness and even fuel up fighting spirit!
Have a listen !
All my Love goes to those who lost someone in 9/11 it was hard for me to get over it cant even imagine for those who lost love ones.
JLo Made Us Dance Again :
: I love iphonic!!!
and I love hearing that!
Lol
they really are, just refreshing to see someone tell like it is, not blow sunshine...
;
m I just made chocolate chip pancakes!
haha pretty random considering it's now 11pm.
Oh well :
because I always with you.
Duh
this link didn't work.
It says bad link.
I hope i just imagined part of the railroad track being on fire......
The Whinnies coming to Pepperdine University next month!
Four films, three dates.
Details to come within the week.
Neigh!
Sad to hear about Phil Jasner....
He was a class act!!
Morning all!
Tomorrow is FRIDAY!!!
What r ur weekend plans?
Anything exciting?
PLEAS FOLLOW THE CEO OF
So, my friends Mdoctor I'll see you one last time for MetCon3, this Friday at noon.
And then, 'til we meet again :
He played me a song by Ed Sheeran it was so cute :3
Minging day to forgot my ipod.
Sat in a cold garage on my tod :
Boys I'm horny and need to chat!!!
fridayreads Loving Positively Fifth Street.
Will finish this wknd.
Next Moneyball..
thanks for a fun smbmsp podcast.
Happy Valentine's Day!!
will you marry me?
I love you!!!!
:D
I guess my invitation to doctorke's ReBar Mitzvah got lost in the mail.
Still: Mazel!
Using social media to promote mixeduse retail properties is our specialty.
What is your specialty?
OMFG DollyParton in this season of Bachelorette  doctoram come true
I get Lonely too .
Smart to do sometimes.
All this convenience makes one never leave work.
Needed: 1 Brooklyn Accent .
Will trade voice boxes through June 20.
it was.
but we all were very good at keeping the secret.
he was so stoked after the punk'd.
it was great!
So cool to hear, and you're welcome!
MT Thank you for AgencyBlueprint series.
Excited to be part of marketing transformation.
u have a weird smile xD
What a fantastic gift.
Happy birthday!
May the coming year bring more joy than you know what to do with.
I'm watching you RT this on your Mac right now; let's get to number 1!
RolexOnKROV !
Time for a Taco Time breakthe chicken soft taco fills me up w/o slowing me down.
what's up
We need a coalition of DH scholars to develop system for public presentation of copyrighted big data collections
Finally downloaded Thank You Economy, 10 minutes in and you are right.
Your QA led to a sale.
Good work my friend!
The Coheed  Cambria cover and the fun.
w/ Hayley Williams cover of Somebody That I Used To Know are great.
But I think we're done now...
I don't judge.
That man shoves pheromones through the tv screen.
I'm totally ashamed too.
Im home sick againn!
Ughh, I feel horrible..
Haven't been on here in a while..
Anyone wanna help me feel better?:
Need someone to text...
Any takers?
goodmornin team mindless
Yes!
RT : Ready to start using Zotero with Chrome and Safari?
Percolations are imminent for standalone Zotero alpha.
Very imminent.
mygrandmaiscool cuz she's now at room temperature.
Just published my new Timeline business page...still getting the hang of it!!
: you're welcome  hows ya day so far?
I am wishing for a major twist to happen tonight it would put be awesome Lets keep hoping tweets
I have the same name problem as you.
If it were me, I might try to use my name plus a modifier of some kind...
If cab doctorvers were interested in conformity, they would be bus doctorvers.
Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack.
George S.
Patton
What's next for Amy Senser?
How much time is she looking at?
Where will she serve it, if at all?
Our legal experts weigh in on KSTP at10.
Oops!...I did it again...
Would it be totally illegal to use a picture of on a credit card?
Cause I really want to
they are.but he's written some of hte most life affirming, take no prisoners, get out their and conquer the world songs ever
Getting ready to take on the Cutler this weekend.
I wouldn't be ready without ...it all comes back to the best support system
these are used and were cheap!
Now outrageously overpriced.
:/
wtf u got a hang over  yo job shame shame April
lol TNT just referred to Dirk as 'Mariano Rivera'
Mother's Day is always difficult for me cuz my mom died on Mother's Day :
YOU freaking rule!
How was your thanksgiving?
Aight Joe!
I see you on here.
Thanks for hooking up my pops with the fly hair cut!
Nah, I did it the 2 days before the party.
But I had a really great time doing it!
Earn free food  help DC food trucks.
Volunteer at curbsidecookoff May 5 RFK Stadium!
Email .
Yes, indeed.
That's why I'm not a fan of Wendy's Frosties.
not going to prom now !
Ah so excited!!!!
Can't upload my logo for the Teacher Mastery/Feedback Competition due today.
Any suggestions?
NowPlaying NP lovesong by Adele and thinking about the great times we had...
If u aint in the studio, u slippin on your PaperGame!
and ur wearing green  red pants..
Xmas ;D
O...
That would be a fab matchup.
The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation.
Henry David Thoreau
Cool!
USA and 15
Thank you for showing me the truth.
In a state of gratitude...
beautiful weather in indy today  hope everyone is making the most of it!
my thoughts exactly
RomaticHorseNames Silver Charm, Sidney's Candy
Not to hyjak..
but I'm having a delicious Mojo Monkey donut right now, too.
M Mocha.
Thank you to our new followers, we appreciate your support!
you still aint say what it was im lost lol sorry
What else would a bad ass cop doctorve?
counting down the days till I can delete these people on facebook...
Do you live in Logan Square?!
Me too.
I did not know we are neighbors!
dat monkey can't sing slave FACE IT
Thanks for the retweet!
I 'preciate ya.
our publicsthe idea that we can have many audiences?
the smell is from the end of the street they burnin garbage
Looking forward to fallingskies .
Hopefully Spielberg has another hit!
16  pregnant is NOT.
RIGHT.
Yea.
This entire family has been
It is not a good idea to have a funny show on the tv in d gym when your working out.
Lol
Hope everyone has a great weekend!
My friend is having a party at 10.
I don't know what to wear though.
Having the problem of trying to translate a great idea onto the page.
Not as easy as it appears.
Watching a marathon of reruns of Ice Loves CoCo
belated whoopee 2 on easy transfer!
:
I could give 2 shits if those brownies are burnt, gimme one now...
right meow!!!
My roomies love to bake!
Another perk of being a
24 hours left...
The World of Missing Persons: a short film with sadness, humor, and peeping toms!
doctorp us 5!
Help us out!
kck.st/l07pb2
The later I stay up, the more I keep telling myself how much tomorrow is going to suck.
looks good!
have you been?
Hey, what are you doing Apr 21?
or 20 for that matter?
3:00 at the top of the world
We're most proud of even with economic downturn, we stood the course.
On the bottom 10 we have trained execs who give opportunity to them
Ok watching horriblebossess or throwmamafromthetrainthe next generation not bad
apples go good with Nutella!
:
., how do I delete files so they will stop coming back?
I tried closing desktop app, deleting online, and permanently deleting
I would like this news site even more if they had an equation a day.
Still chart is much better than word a day LOL
RT : RT : If you don't want to use birthcontrol, you don't have to  but all women should still have access to it.
SHE CRAZY NOT DENZEL!
!!!
My Pain My Purpose My Destiny Begins Thursday Night.
LADIES we are going to talk REAL  no excuses but solutions
that text you get from your boyfriend threatening to break up with u.....
bouttocry depressedtweet 
Playing tonight!
Hope you guys are ready..its going to be a good one
My problem with Jaws is, unlike the Jungle Cruise, it's the same exact spiel over and over.
Nostalgia isn't enough to be a saving grace 2 me
Oh come on Tony I thought you were a pro when it came to extracting information!
I need coffee!
I'm at work so early this morning, I even logged in to skype before
good luck !
Super excited to geek out at ConvergeSE today!
Up early .
FML
lol!
See, I was about too tell you!
Nvm now...
Lol
Check your local laws and start enforcing violations, the patrol bike works great
And Joey is SO cute...Ugh Ross and all his ticks lol!
Watching 16  Knocked Up reminds me to show my kids pictures of herpes when they get to that age.
I remember head down after you had found out manna is a hell of a doctorg
enjoy yacht weekend!
Happy 4th
So lame.
They're going purely for shock value.
Hate to buy into it and add to the convo but really pisses me off.
Ready 4 whats about to go down TONIGHT!
MY 1ST SERVICE WITH THE TWIN TOWERS OF POWER let's get it!
Nice!
I can appreciate that.
oh that movie looked interesting, ill have to go see it now :
What geek movie would you like to watch on our next movie night?
All week!
yeah.
i mean my view is, dont eat too much, cut back on sweets, exercise and you're good.
I'm gonna wait a few days then reply to this tweet.
Oh crap!
lmao I don't wanna tell her I ain't goin either
LA Business Journal: The 50 Wealthiest Angelenos special section is now on sale at your local newsstand.
Check it out today.
Who is coming to Friday for our show with The Lemonheads.
We have tickets for you message us or email us.
don't give up.
we've tried  100K rows.
is your data public?
if so, tell us where to get to test
you live in downtown now?
Gorgeous day out...what to do?!
Buckle up.
RT : today at noon, another , and discussion.
Today's topic 
Thanks for following, Tony!
Followback done.
Does anyone actually get mail that are of use or valid?
I just get damn flyers and credit card newsletters!
USPS is a waste!
That's hilarious
Don't miss the big Coney Dog Sale and opening of tomorrow.
Today is a present to myself that I will open in the present.
Cant sleep tried but my mind likes to wander all over the place hoping good things will come soon
Saw The Dictator.
Good flick.
Would've liked it better if The Dictator had used his air force to destroy the Battleship movie.
Jake loves his fans; it means Jake loves me!
Haha.
3
I'm a big hit at NN11 come by to booth 706 and get one!
Also doctorp your biz card and win a History of Dem Party Poster from
My feet hurt!!!
Adam  eve don't eaat that fruit !lol
And this is why I say LIBERTARIANS ARE TOOLS OF THE 1.
The 1 and corporations want no govt, THEY make the rules, we suffer.
Did your little brother win his game?:
i am back from Halloween trip,i had a great time,love u all
There are many people who assume that the meals or foods on the Nutrisystem flex diet plan are entirely different
Sarah can you give me a shoutout please?
Thank you so much!
I appreciate the comment a great deal.
I don't know when I decided I was good.
I've just been singing all my life.
Both my parents love music,  so that's
Is it sad that I'm excited about Lisa Loeb being at ALA's Midwinter Meeting?
And yes, I do realize its not 1994 anymore ;
I love toast!
wish I had a heads up about their casting.
I have lots of vacation time to use
P.S.
I guess imitation is the sincerest form of flattery but there's noting like the real thing baby!
No orange juice with my 4am breakfast this morning?
Not a happy person today.
OK : hope everything get wells
thank goodness..I didn't follow you to be intellectually stimulated gurl
I think it's like learning styles location tech need to adapt to support diverse spatial modalities.
Survived the back to school block party.
Didn't even have to climb onto inflatable obstacle course to retrieve crying child this time.
i be that pretty muthafucka eagle tuck is wat im reppin
Ready to rock at the Silver Moon at Lake Oconee, I'm playing all night!
Waiting for the sun to set before attempting a 4.5mi run.
It'll still be 94 degrees, but hopefully won't feel like it.
I bet Joe Lando's even older
how many more?
thanks cutie, but where r u?
ahah
Sounds cool.
yes!
Seems like all people care about in music is Bieber and not Ed, when he is a lyrical god  actually writes his great songs
Charles de Montesquieu An author is a fool who not content with boring those he lives with insists on boring future generations.
when are you coming to florida???
Peace,love,VANITY33
it's sad how easy it is for me to be inbox zero on my personal email account.
I hate myself for my piss poor selfloathing skills.
Life is to be lived, not controlled, and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat
Better than a fairy tale.
37 of students have used their smartphone for academics in past year.
2 chainz just bought his third chain
I hope karma bites cancer in the ass.
Hello misterjones..
how have you been sir :
are you on tour??
N agreed.
Too much n it'll make your hair fall out.
lib addy test at 8 pm
I feel  look like shit right about now.
It was totally random...but thankfully no shots or stitches.
Just a good cleaning  some antibiotics.
ya it does big time but oh well
OMG!
Sht on a Shngle.
Haven't had it since the war, but love it.
Thanks!
oh well.
Brewers are in shambles.
You be starting today if not illness.
Strange noises in the bathroom
are you going to change the dlc playlist on TDM,KC,Dom not all in one u are forcing us 2 play modes we all don't play...
Los Angeles Blues will be taking on The Mexican U20 national team on Feb 25 international matche at Titan Stadium, at 7 p.m.
PT
: You know aint no otha move BUT Next2Naked Mansion Party Tonight !
Thatz good eating;
1 of the advantages to not having all my apartment supplies yet: dishwashing detergent is actually a much better handwasher than soap is.
Thank you, Erin!
woo it's a cold wind in Boston, not any colder than Atlanta last week, but that was COLD!
Looking forward to ALA and RDA anyway
Yeah yeah!
Things still work in IE
it just comes on and suddenly with out warning or anything
Thanks for the Fishroll.
Nice try.
When you selected your career path, was it something that you had always wanted to do?
You know..
The thing in the thing next to the thing behind that thing and yea you know..
that thing.
The Bachelorette starts tomorrow My Monday nights are free again
it's pretty handy to monitor discussion boards from my ip otherwise...doctornk monkeys.
Run Run!
Two really bad calls by refs tonight costing the Giants points.
its really not that deep.
It didnt even taste good.
CeeLo, come save our girl!!!
you look at me like you hate me, when i didn't do shit..
all i did was tell you straight up how it was.
are you sure?
I think I saw you at Five Guys chowing down a meal and free nuts!
Hehe xo
And paintings don't represent church doctrine and you why would there be any pictures of Christ if church wasn't christian?
Tiger Woods Poker Night With Phil Hellmuth, Doyle Brunson
will you still be going to away games?
Marshall!
I watched that 5 grade play we did  I was like oh I wonder if tessa is on twitter!
: Dude its been a long time!
Hahahahahaha, I am tripping off of these 2Chainz tweetsLol, y'all crazy!
Tell Your Mom Us ICONiacz Said Happy Mothers Day!!
Shes beautiful, amazing, and we Love Her!!
3333
Happy bday to my homie Already know its gonna be a wild one.
Haha.
Way to kill it out there yesterday my man.
thanks so much for the follow!
If I can help with some new furniture of any kind or a new mattress I'm your guy!
Why do people foul EVERYTIME playiny basketball...
its like the point is to NOT foul.
My body is in some pain right now
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 29
lol I'm sorry I fell off twitter, but u gonna be seeing me more, I told Frogg u ready, don't need no grooming, u in there
he's like a walking strap on that even a Grandmother could love
tonight's misterampusfreshman contest will feature good night?
we think so!
Shorty's at 8pm, be there!
jorge: 8:15am Houston was hit hard.
Flooding everywhere, trees down, trying to get to city center.
Power out almost everywhere.
Multiple services...One bill...One point of contact...From One great provider..Globalnet Telecom.
To my FB friends!!!
I'll be reactivating my Facebook again...
Just had to take a brake an catch up with my family.
Make It A GoodOne!!!
Not sure the day would feel complete without a conversation about sluts with
your boy Brady looked like a little punk yesterday.
He didn't win that game at all.
If anything, he tried to lose it...
idk but i think twitter
my sister sometimes  at least she was nice enough to tell me this ti.e
Thanks to for a fruitful program today!
I AM inspired...
but ready TO GET TO WORK!
you make me LMAO!
Thanks :
Trying to send some CBC brewers to the show tonight.
Tix available?
Set times?
what to do todayy
I'm done playin around wit these girls that wanna act grown but still got that lil girl mentality
: At Amc 30 With About To Watch SafeHouse..
I Hope Its As Good As Everybody Been Talking Bout!
Don't see Chris Bosh being out hurting the Heat's chances.
They just need a healthy LBJ flopping around for 3 quarters and Wade for the 4th.
Goob, can you make the video available on mobile?
Looks like it's disabled.
Damned Websense!
Break from the nfl doctort
Thanks for stopping by and buying the Goddess arm chain.
That is, I think, the natural consequence of interacting with students.
I told you
Awesome place for a meeting!
RT Great OnMilwaukee.com brainstorm lunch at Beans  Barley
exactly!
In Texas if you don't like avacadoesssss you get funny looks.
Tickets are still on sale for the last three showings of Urinetown starting at 6 for PSU students!
Thank you and  Cameo is poppin on Tuesdays!
one request: a lot of customers are confused about the pay with other option  is there a chance you could integrate card payments?
Look whose back RT : Just did a final recording for the song Nandito Ako.
Feeling a lot better about it.
Someone please explain to me why the Brewers continue to think that Gallardo is the ace of this team?
that shit NEVER happens and I think they are trying to lie to the sexy blonde girl just to see if they can get away with it!!
thank YOU!
RT : Rocked today!!
It was great working and meeting so many great people!!
Golden Globes party at my place.
You're all invited if you bring Ricky Gervais with you.
What's This by Fall Out Boy is my favorite version :3
Is that on hand in DTLT or do we need to search for a source?
Attended the Listening Session last night at the Clarendon Ballroomgreat group of entrepreneurs throughout Arlington County!!
After watching all four seasons of the Battlestar Galactica reboot, I'm definitely rooting against Watson.
Machines  Evil.
You're not coming?
Great weather for a motorcycle ride, if you took a layup period on your bike insurance please call your insurance agent before you head out
KOLBY YS make me fuck you up and I bet I i will not take ur ass to siz flags asshole
Did you see that the deadline was extended to the 15th?
It caught me last year.
Missed yesterday and am watching both tomorrow.
doctornkingSmoken me knocked tf out
I've searched without luck.
Let me know if you find a good printer.
:
All of the Detroit talk is making me very homesick.
Keep up the good momentum Detroit!!
Why is a women's prison called a penal colony?
I actually found some program that erased all of my twitter history  very refreshing!
Best is also tough to answer  Favorite  His  Hers!
Just finishing up a video I did for my next single!
Big news about the new song coming soon!
Very soon!!!
thanks for the RT :
Hm ...
what should I wear to tomorrows party?

Up Or Get Flown Over
RT : Celebrate SBW2012 with Get Down to Business: a free, actionpacked, nationwide series of business building events!
Nfl suspended players take ur punishment like professorssionals move on!
Make sure you have the right tools to do your job; easier to handle tricky situations on social media /via
Master your senses, what you taste and smell, what you see, what you hear.
Trying to pick up the pieces.
Losing 28 lbs.
and keeping it off for a year is good.
Building a business while doing so, great.
:
It's so much better when the fam is in the house.
Spring Cleaning
I'm wishing God's blessings on everyone.
I hope you all have a productive day!
Had NHL 2 x's RCHOP is the bestbut side effects are nasty.
Read Amazon, A Pocket Full of Posies My Life With Cancer.
Is there any better feeling than leaving work 3 hours early on a Friday to watch opening day baseball?
can't rape the willing
Reading fashion magazines, trying to work out what's in vogue in beachwear on French Riviera in 2009.
Justin once said, A girl could be sitting on her computer right now, trying to get noticed not knowing she is the future mister.Bieber ....me
what!?!?
you had to defend yourself mayor....
Shout out is to
I miss you too: I wish we worked together!
Did you know we have a pretty nice selection of Organic Sake on our list.
We will also be bringing on some biodynamic wine selections soon!
I know, right?
I thought you already finished the dance to Up All Night?
Eh, either way, I wanna see it!
Hopefully it isn't complicated.
thanks!
Would love any feedback you have.
MB
I can say something nice about Sarah Palin.
She's got nice hair........if it ain't a wig:
What I want to know is, how can you have an NHL team without someone named, Nils somewhere in the system.
yes yes!
I couldn't access my PR course text online, so instead I got down to James Brown all morning.
To all the cool students we met Twi2012 Icreon is looking for intelligent informed marketing interns.
Apply on bit.ly/ubq10k
For every prohibition you create you also create an underground.
Jello Biafra
I'm missing you too boo3
Contract Bobcats and Hornets, move Kings to Seattle.
: what a mess : stay sober Charlie...stay sober...today definition of shit show
I'm trying to get happier guys.
I'm really trying.
Everyone tweet me.
:
That guy at Hartman today was sucking that Lollypop like a dick lmao.
Today's going good, ready for tonight!
:
Haha, no way, that was a PUNWIN.
WE DID INDEED!
That job was a gravy boat, man.
Why, thank ya Miss Lady Ma'am!
Ughh, Exams all week!
I gotta study my butt off!
Wish me luckk!
For a league that's supposed to be fun to watch, calling an illegal screen with seconds left in the game is the opposite of enjoyable.
We got a rally going, uh oh uh oh
we're proud of you ladies and what you are all about.
Glad we could be involved!
See you very soon :
thanks!
Hope to see you soon
Yoav Potash accepts Prize: The stories that are hard to tell are the stories that are worth telling.
Yum!
Sounds wonderful!
I might need a nondate to go with me to the ferris wheel in OB before I hit up CC....
offer yourselves to me.
astrology chart
Thanks Milwaukee for another wonderful week.
See you soon!
nope, not invited.
haha
iMISS ALL MY THUGS EVEN MY LIL THUGS WISH iCOULD SEE YHU GUYS 
you have to come by the booth at Fabulace Just ask for me Carl the camera guy we would love to meet you
which guy exactly I've installed 3 times but they all good last time I went Paul did it.
So how much you getting them for :
I'm back and it feels good, minus the fact I can't sleep
Rachmaninoff piano concertos are to other pianoconcertos as ZeddieLittle is to other men...
what looks certain 2me is the DNC's counting on WiPeople 2blaze the trail; do the work; 2B the example.
Smh alot of these bitches cant even fly without their lucky hat !
lmao
hope you're having fun:
Happy May 1st!
Watch out for cops, they lookin to cap their quota by the 4th justsaying who knows by u tho that applies to Kenosha Fo sho!
MomentWhen you can't deal with stupid people anymore 
Okay, I know I'm a month overdue with the exaltation, but damn the new Bon Iver is good.
The green makeup for the Wicked Witch of the West in the 1939 Wizard of Oz got it's color from a dangerous chemical, copper oxide.
RT Win tickets for the Texas Testosterone Event!
Submit your fav.
submission to .
Include info!
AWESOME!!!!!...wow, that's cool.
And now she's like super duper famous.
In the words of Dame Joan Sutherland  Kisses on your opening.
Have fun.
How do I not know of this hot guy you speak of?
lol
Love this...Follow your own museMorgan Freeman
Follow the Red Sox Alley Show on our Facebook page and subscribe with iTunes
I know same!
I'm like who are you and why do you want to know where I'm eating and doctornking
Dang I anit.got no friends
Security line at PDX is very long
Trolling is a art.
:D
Plus, if someone asks Consider the tree or web of all life throughout earthly time..Is it a god?
can I confidently answer no?
Why is it so hard for people to recognize the damaging results of their own dumb actions?
How complex is 2  2  4?
ok and I can only tlk on twitter
idc that's just pathetic
miss you as well.
3
Controversy2 LOVE IT!!!!
Have decided today is the star of another 4 day heat wave!
No I haven't looked out the window yet..
on the phone with , i will always love you when HE doesnt.
yeah we're opening for them on their fall tour.
Played Austin last week, pretty killer show.
2nite we're in aspen CO, milehigh!
If you suffer, thank God!
it is a sure sign that you are alive.
ugh 90 degrees in Topeka this weekend No Bueno :
I'm ready to play some good ol' Vancouver dodgeball!
lol it was a long day, and i was very exhausted.
:p
I did text you back about going to hooters?
My phone is a piece of shit
cool love
ask and you shall receive :
the new trendy restaurant Balena is the place to go if you want overpriced, overhyped and underwhelming food.
Just Wanted to say Good Morning TPlush and we love you!!
Great people talk about ideas.
Small people talk about others.
I'm starving!
Greedy landlord broke our sublease to raise rent and we now have to find a new office space in 2 weeks.
Ugh.
awake!
Been going strong since early this morning!
Time for a reboot me thinks...
Let's get some stuff started and going.
Come on dude!
Let's get to some creating already.
Alliance has been focusing on work in 2 areas, education and health
I agree.
Thanks.
30 days research/outline, 30 days 1st doctorft, 30 days edit, 30 days final cleanup.
RIPHannah Please make this a TT she was a true belieber!!
CALL ME MAYBE
Air travel actually seems to lead urban growth.
Great work!
RT : finished the colorado 10k in about 54:20.
it was a definite altitude adjustment.
state 24 is done....
Shah Rukh outstretched arms...the moment we've been waiting for
I'm working on copyedits.
Another writer refers to seaworthy Vikings.
Nope ;p RT : I'll Have Another wins!!!
Coincidence?
I think not!!!
You don't miss me, you miss my attention..
there's a big difference.
Visit Walmart.com/pharmacy for more information about Walmart's expanded prescription doctorg program.
Conservator in church lab makes his living preserving history
I can't wait for u guys to hear it!
Boyfriend cover coming soon :
So tired but I need to get this run in before our 6pm calltime tonight.
thinking on a mission GET UP AND WORKOUT!!!!!
RT : I need some testers for a Pantheon bug fix with new site spinup UI.
Next three people who ping me get an invite code!
Doing the pizza thing for din din!
Went too hard in the paint at the gym yesterday.
Owwwww
RT : Special thanks to our smallbiz expert for joining us tonight!
lately I haven't heard from you homie!
Damn a nigga can't get a reply or retweet Smh
seriously jealous you got to go to Ricobene's!
he didn't wanna marry ME Obvi when she finds out joe is getting married
Innovation, Part 3: Your Users Want A New Product, Do You?
why are you pooping in the bathroom right now eww that was the guys room
how long are you in town for?
Don't let people's compliments get to your head and don't let their criticism get your heart.
Or do like I do, and always wear shoes you can run in.
Haha so cute!
Hi Mikey 
Found myself sucked in to watching Alien Encounters on Science Channel last night.
Quite entertaining  thought provoking stuff, actually.
Somtimes it feels like the older people get out here, the more immature they become!
launches inquiry into arbitration clauses in consumer financial contracts.
Study could lead to a new rule.
HA RT : come pick us up lol
So very true!
Sometimes it is much easier to create a new reality than to face the facts.
No more vitamin E supplements for me...don't want prostrate cancer!
Reading comics for science!
...
I mean research...
asdfghjgfds what.
I'm mexican he's not.
Hahaha
not even saying anything about lbj vs kobe.
all im saying is espn grills lebron for passin/ listening to coach
a mac user using chrome from denver, co via qwest comm just tried to hack my contact form lol
Thank you so much for retweeting my article.
Hope you have a good day.
Thanks Preston!
The Law Insider is looking great!
Omg!
U didbt tell me u got a laptop!!
Somebody with a good beard should turn on the lights!
You ain't shit with out the head u a du rag
Standing in line waiting for jahvid bests autograph at 12oaks.
OMG Justin Bieber followed me because i followed Today!!
WOW!!!
Two words: Quadoctorphenia.
Criterion.
Hurry up.
It's roaring toward us like a steam engine.
Million dollar ideas are a dime a dozen.
The determination to see the idea through is what's priceless
great article on CNN.
Will check out your blog.
is up and running!
Stay tuned for what's happening!!
John legend  I wish I.could sing
I don't understand why Vilma waited for the Commish to give his sentence and THEN defend himself.
You knew it was coming...
no.
Jk you should!
Me neither.
But I've been surprised how long it took to build scipy on ubuntu running on my laptop....
Congrats!
I would appreciate an introduction if he is open to one, as would fellow socinn in NYC, Boston, and London Eng.
Going to sams club with my girl annie!:
I wonder why all the songs I'm listening to have a 'shawty' in some part of the song.
When people take forever to text me back.
I take twice as long as it sent them to send it back
don't be responsible!
There are 6 mangoes in a basket  6 kids eagerly waiting to get one.
Each kid is given 1 mango, yet there's 1 mango left in the basket, how?
I am convinced that life is 10 percent what happens to me and 90 percent how I react to it.
Chuck Swindol
youtube will have it in a few hours
Thank you so much!!
Gossip Girl's Blake Lively Most Desirable woman in the world
love that Paul book, too!
So helpful and easy to understand.
Check out www.christieohh.com New Blogsite!
tomarrow is my birthday :
Quote of the day: When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this: You haven't.
Thomas Edison
Hm.
Should I head to the Palisades this Morning?
This block just won't end.
English class: the place where books are written, read,  burned......
Sometimes the only way is jumping, I hope you're not afraid of heights.
lmao sorry D;
This poll is sitting in front of me right now...
Who do you think will be 1?
great point and very true
Needs a Baltimore restaurant to host dinner for scholarship participants and families, anyone interested?
The weather has not been cooperating but we sailed this morning!!
Hoping for some great keepers!
i finally found one lol, This is America, so speak english,!!
Productively using my skills and seeking new avenues to produce explosive material and provoke thought through consciousness.
Solidarity is when you pass someone with a hoodie on  you both give the classic head nod.
Do I have to answer that now?
I mean so many people will see it.
Let us know what your favorite room is?
and the memory that went with it.
is he going to UK my man?
I like work: it fascinates me.
I can sit and look at it for hours!
Anonymous
anatomy definition
Thanks!
We got a great reception at our premier at the Nashville Film Festival.
Excited to share it with the magic community!
watching the news ignoring the sounds of hunger in my tummy.
:
The when I know you're lying.
OO I'm bout to just sit on the floor and laugh till I die.
It shall be
Eating frozen yogurt outside at 9:00 PM in February.
I like this.
On a lonely street shone hands and faces/of the dark, I left/our misappropriated shadows in/ shapes like horizontal plans....
Did I stroke out or did Mitt Romney basically endorse Ron Paul in the middle of that debate?
Wisdom is developed with the stride of life so walk with strength
I'm pretty fly for a brown guy.
Going to pick up my tix for the summer jam and hopefully get VIP if not all sold out !!!
Cans VIP sell out lol idk but like I said ???!???!?
The Maya Long Count Period for the 2012 year figure of 1872000 days represents 98.6013 calendar rounds of 18980 days.
that's when niggas really had to rap
Woww is all I can say..
R.I.P Whitney Houston
Today in 1989, the 27.9milelong Berlin Wall, separating East and West Germany, was opened for the first time in 28 years.
A BIG thank you to Michael Anthony's Catering for being one of my sponsor In this year's NYC AIDS Walk
Need to increase your FICO score.
email for free booklet at .com
WATCH OUT FOR FINES BRO!
It's all Dextraordinary !!!!
Thanks, I'm up, eating, and moving about which are helping.
I would be even prouder if your matrix had only one option, and that was NOT LEAVING US.
But yes, OCD abounds and I'm pleased!
Hug my sister's guts out.
And then show her your feet.
She hates feet.

they told me some things that my mind didnt change
RT : House just passed the doctorAMAct.
An important step in letting hardworking students pursue their doctorams of higher...
1personilove for helping me out with this lit terms project :
Got the electric, water and Internet setup for the new place.
Ready to move!
Despite dark skies, local food outshining politics at Alt Bratfest at Orton Park.
One friend moving to midtown.
The other to Brooklyn.
Realizing you'll be stuck in this crap town forever ...
Depressing ...
Any feedback/suggestions on site would be greatly appreciated.
In the meantime, I'm cooking dinner for my inlaws.
Tanning mom looks like an old piece of beef jerky!!!
Sadly pretty typical for JCP.
Seriously thinking of nuking using personal email.
If you can reach me via Twitter, Facebook, every chat protocol in the universe, text..
OMG, that is fantastic!
cannot wait to hear the CD and purchase it, it will be awesome, I just know it!!!
Let's go Bulls.
Need a run to end the 3rd quarter.
Off to my fave Thai food !..
Triclops.
Yes.
Google it.
Yall better get ready for misterKee new single Jeanz featuring D.A.P,comin soon.
MONSTAZ BALL BOI!!!
KS 1075 Xmas Bash tonight at comedy works DTC 7pm.
Come chill in the Boost Mobile lounge sponsored by yours truly.
Fo shizzzzle!
ONLY 9 MORE DAYS till you are no longer BRACE FACE!
: either way i like you just the way u are.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!!!
everyone :D
Did the video of 's session on Silicon Valley lessons get posted?
cc
If you like Pumpkin Pie Ice Cream, you'll love Pumpkin Cheesecake Ice Cream!
Come try some tonight!
RT : the sun!
always a reminder to smile.
I would like to tell someone else the good news, if only he would answer his phone...
I know y'all remember putting hands on Atlanta Falcon Andoctor Rison on national TV, I'm sure be could have smashed em both..
So there's this thing called
Happy Easter weekend :
The talk seems to be heading in same direction as ome hybridpedagogy convos.
you just upped the ante!
Bo7 Alone I never understood why people think it's strange to be fine with doing things alone !
Don't forget to make your way over to MyTennesseeChristmas.com to see how to enter to win 500 shopping spree.
trying to figure you out.are good girl or are you a very very bad girl.i don't really care.i still love you for who you are.
How is your New Year's resolution?
Hey boo  Mmmmn
mind your business.
Its early
The Yolanda Adam's Morning Show cohost will be on the show live today at 11AM CST on
I feel like you'll never follow me ..
/:
Andoctora May in Minneapolis.
VP, ID Services for Dashe  Thomson.
Vision.
Would want to see as well as large cats in the dark.
All my other senses are well intact!
:
CNBC says eating sweets for breakfast can help you with weight loss.
I knew I was onto something!!
Send me the business email.
Thx
Just saw a clown...
No Wait...
That was just the average Portlander...
He had on red jeans, green sweater, pink hat and a blue belt...
Jealous.
Going anywhere fun?
I've heard it was a suicide.
Is that true?
keep doin your thing bro im proud if you.
Dont stop.
By any means make it happen.
Make this shit happen
So tired!
ugh so lucky :
Can somebody get KNOCKED THE FUCK OUT already?!
Thanks for the RT.
We're learning a lot about motivators behind making healthy choices at
Ground turkey Mexican crock pot meat loaf comming up!
A little freedom in the meal plan is nice!
I have learned over the years to NOT show emotions.
Bc 9 times outta 10 when you show you care people take it for granted.
Agirl doesnt feel perfect enough until a guy tell her tht she's perfect:
Preacher says i dont think yall hear me when his sermon aint tight lol
Ooh, I'd love to win one of those shirts in the giveaway!
you is good company.
:
Earth Day!
The Gentleman Dancing Master continues at IUP; Winter Storm Watch tonight thru Tuesday.
Up to 6 snow.
A hashtag is for channeling content, to facilitate conversation
Haha there ya go!
Don't let the snow stop you, let's go Nuggets!
Have you seen Zebras at the Balloon Fiesta?
They are volunteers doctorssed in b/w who coordinate a balloon launch.
Okay x RT one of what?
text me back fucker!: RT : aye fuck face I don't got one myself :/ lmao !
I was born before technology and was supposed to be a boy up until the very last second.
I think I'm still a little confused.
I hate to say it but the Sixers are gonna win this series!
Willing to wager a bet?
Once I stop giving a crap about you, good luck getting that back.
When errybody else FAILS U, U Can Count On ME...DAMN THATS A BIG RESPONSIBILITY...
Nothing can be better thanks to kick it with you
good luck!
You can do it!
Give it all you got!
Random words of encouragement!
Magnalogix Hosted Predictive dialer, stop hand dialing and start Smart dialing!
Contact us at 866.460.6611
u a clown bro ...had me rollin
There are many things hidden behind my smile;:
Subtle difference between mouseenter/leave vs mouseover/out?
Two mice enter.
One mouse leaves.
ugh people really need to go up!!
you are a senior picking fights with freshman!!!!!
YouWillLoose!
free miles and seat available
ugh i know.
he's a bloody guy and he's still prettier than me.
Watching the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade!!!!!!!
when are u all coming to DC??
or did I miss it??
you are too!
Come see OUTTA SYNC live with us tonight from 6:309:30!
Wow  that's def not what they were expecting for that campaign!
Thanks to all the people who came to the first KC vBeers Special thanks to Bob Jewell for picking up the tab for the beers and food
you said it well.
You mean there isn't a terrible blog about me!
I thought I was famous!!
Didn't know spam could tweet dm's like it did.
I don't Give you no good reason but baby please don't give up
When you assume you make yourself look like an ass!
Come to Florida I really wanna meet you!
Hey ...
are you following me?
:
My goodness.
Only 7 hours left.
People are still getting in.
It's not too late for you too!
www.PortlandBoatTours.com
There's some weird ass animal noises going on outside..
love the painting!
I redid the starry night back in a high school art class wall
RISE OF THE PLANETS was  the state fair park midway n milwaukee on thurs,dont know how 2 act
me too haha you're better off.
Monday has 130 cappers with their action posted with a consensus from their pks on Cavs  Kings with a college total also
Haha: he was cute !!
goodness yes!
He did a lot of the college games on ESPNU this year
omg.
I teared up a bit 3 love you!
Trial seeks improved lungcancer screening by combining imaging and biomarkers
The cousins are reunited!
Props to Barry Alvarez on the HOF.
About as nobrainer as it gets.
Just a little school girl trying to design some websites in my pajamas.
HeadWebMaster.com tell them Kathy sent you
Make sure you go to the beach club at the WYNN HOTEL!!!
Looking for infographic ideas: TSA, veteran/mental health stats, suggestions?
...gotz to figure out how I am going to fund this BCALA Library Conference this summer.
I might need to start a lemonade stand.
How I love you ham scone
Good morning!
Yeah Brewers!
Beast mode!!
Looking forward to meeting you!
iDislikeItWhen people act like there all bad,when their obviously....NOT!!!!!
Back from a fantastic foxfield weekend back in Cville.
Now ready for the ManchesterDerby.
united!
my bad:p
I'm there Tuesday, Wednesday, and the occasional Friday.
See you next week!
Dear , aren't you tired of controlling your paper orders?
Overthrow him.
following me?
perhaps
The Road to the 20th Anniversary Show: Trivia Question 6 Who used to play Bass in Red Letter Daze?
only a few lol depends on the beer I suppose :
Can't wait to introduce Forbes editor Carl Lavin to some interesting Milwaukeeans tomorrow.
Rich Meeusen, Tim Sheehy, Tom Kintis....
i thought i was following you already and vice versa.
new account?
What do you call a marketing strategy ...
aw, nevermind.
Fellas all you have to do is be Real and Respectful to Woman
Rest with the Wild Things, Maurice Sendak.
I'm excited!
when you coming to Milwaukee to ?
I doing the same...except laying off the sauce part it hard!
I like how you think!
RT : There's only one rule: I will not lose.
sadly no
Watching The AllStar Celebrity Game!!!
I mean you grown af stay out of little kids conversations!
Yeah!
Definitely!
:
right, like that's gonna really happen
Found out last night a major project 'go live' date was moved from Sept 2012 to May 2012...good times, good times...
helping a friend move  church  Easter dinner with the inlaws
I hate girls that try too much to get attention
I supposed that's good for me to experience.
Hard Boiled Men on kindle for
I'm so jealous I wanna be home!
Surly Hell arrived at France 44 today, Surly Bitter Brewer is still available.
Thought you were closer to Silver Spring?
Our place is by the Silver Spring Metro, which I spose is more neighborly than Bmore.
Oh my, sounds nice!
What's the rule?
go suck it
I'm having trouble loading your site, are you having issues too?
Excited that NSAI TinPanSouth are in themusiccity once again
an evaluative hypothesis
Why rehash negative news??
This is 2 weeks old.
Goddamn
As soon as the first wave of torrent downloads are complete we will start the streaming portion of our festivities.
you must have an obsession with Leah lately.
learned so much shit this weekend!
thank you and
Customer success is what doctorves the longterm success of HubSpot in its mission to transform how businesses do marketing
My head hurts  all this banging isnt helping.
Right!!
Lol!
Needed this last week..Geez!
RT : so much easier for when you needyo snap a pic asap
jimistersh is brilliant!
GOD IS GOOD!
Why did Facebook purchase Instagram?
On July 24th , 2010, 8:22 p.m.
Louis, Harry, Zayn, Niall, Liam officially became One Direction 3 And my life was officially changed 333
Always a pawsure!!
RT : Thanks to our favorite party animals!!
yo g I gotta girl who said she will cut herself and give you a lapdance when you come to portland
TONIGHT: The Swamp Rattlers play at 8 pm
I gave my son a Seattle Mariners ball cap, thus including him in a long dark cycle of futility.
PickUpLine: I can play the Flight of the Bumble Bee on a touchtone phone with my tongue.
thought I was the only one who noticed it
Whenever we are at the same place we will kick it.
My sense is that the Homestead Act largely codified existing practice.
But pioneering/squatting is a good one.
Nigga out there breaking bats
Preparing for this week's show airing at 11 am on Sun.
.
We will be talking about rights...and also the government shut down.
Watching dolphins swimming right now 3
can't believe how much i like paul anka's version of 'true' by spandau ballet...
I wonder what Judge Trudy is going to have to say about Amanda Bynes getting arrested for DUI...
I can't wait to sleep.
tomorrow...
RT if you think Zombies own xD
gotcha.
I didn't know they sold food.
Cool
WhatNotToSayDuringSex This SexualEncounter is BroughtToYouBy Trojan..
Trojan Roll one Down before you go to
y u ganna b n the newspaper?????
Listening to DearMYRTLE on Geneablogger radio broadcast.
Thanks for the follow and for your vote to protect Indy workers and CHILdoctorN.
hey I doctorpped a question on the FB page for Moves Count.
No answer.
How can I get an answer?
Supporting Franco Garcia's family, missing BC student, his parents own our favorite Peruvian Store in Boston
Say one more bad thing to me about Oomf and I will punch you in the mouth okay ?
I'm still in Kansas until Saturday.
No snow here and none on the forcast until next Monday.
It's very cold but no Snow :
surely there are water fountains in the dorm?
thanks for the tip and telling me im not crazy ;
We won't beat you up.
Violence is a tool women seldom use or even think to use.
I get there tomorrow!
Will only have half day to tour...after work of course!
I'll say hi to your fam!
;
watz good doe
when will i see you?
We sure are fans of and his daughter , and their healthy eating and healthy living tips.
i pray for the people in japan.
have visited there several times and the people are really nice.
may god bless them.
U need 2 make a decision that UR making this change  delve into it.
The best thing you can do, is DECIDE that you're doing this...
i haven't talked to in forever!congrats on the baby girl !
i babysit if you ever need someone.i'm sure she will be adorable.
OR Books handselling on the Internet.
So I'm washing my face in the bathroom and out of no where my brother walks in and starts taking a shit..
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that!
I know what it's like to watch from afar; I missed RootsTech last year b/c I had just had a baby.
I don't mind living in a man's world as long as I can be a woman in it.
Marilyn Monroe
Ach, Das ist aber schade, Shayne.
As you might imagine, this event is all about the transplants of the Twin Cities.
Sante!
you should follow then.
Well I'm M.C.A.
I got nothing to prove Pay attention  my intention is to bust a move...
13MillionBeliebers can't be wrong.
just kidding.
they can be.
What's this I hear Chuck Brown passed away?
No way...it can't be so.
DC MD VA...the gogo world is now in mourning.
The truth is, I'm just trying to get more followers so I can ask you guys to be a part of my mafia family on Facebook.
people in my house always fighting and just starting doctorma just shut up theres kids in the house
I'm well:..
Staying motivated  faithed up : : u should come to NYC on May 22!!!
DM ur email and I'll send you info!
People ask why the rims in our Gym are so loose..I tell them its because played there!
Keep attacking the rim!
Peep bot poker?
Are you with or against it?
Going through a divorce, not getting the results you want?
Call me, I am the best in Nashville with contested divorces 2508000
2 More Weeks of School Left
OK campers.
Rise  shine.
And don't forget your booties 'cause it's cold out there 3 bri
Listen on reverbnation, either way.
Pies gnarly.
OMG!!!
Ate you here in Boston???
Goal for next year: seek connections between science/STEM and literacy.
There's some cool stuff out there.
Transform your body safely.
MindFirstFitness.
Interesting q!
Audience is one directional; sm community is multidirectional.
Sm communities both listen and speak
so this awesome cool person asked if i could do 21 things about me and a turn on and turn off so hope u guys like it :
Give me a shoutout?
I do Ariana Trivia.
CAN YOU EAT TOO MUCH?
are you fucking me Ashley?!
Get your words right, this is so fustrating, just go listen to SUBlime
Heading to my first IDEA2010 this year.
Just registered and lookin' forward to it!
I will.
I'm eating right now though.
Make it your background!!
Just love us!!!
:
Sounds like Thailand is the place to go for a cheap vacation and/or place to move while trading for a living!
at 17 per night its doable
Oh did i miss you orginal chicken wing
Saw Bob Marley documentary last night.
Amazing leadership  I had no idea about so much of what he did.
Great fight.
Bruised, bloodied but brilliant  a real and true champion.
guess Billy O'Brien want too distracted to doctorw up a game plan.
so scary  terribly sad.
just saw on news, had no idea how bad it was!
thank goodness you guys are ok!
Ovie is like omg I could have won zeee game.
Goodnight Twitter
sure you weren't on the set of Legally Blonde 2: Red, White, and Blonde!?
Happy heart day!
And he never will.
FlopCity RT : Chris Paul can't ever beat the Spurs.
Last day of 30 off on bitchimfrom.com
South Asian Artist emerging and established, Sotheby's and Christies focus for next art boom www/zanbeelart.com
The Bright Side: Five Things to Love About Monday Night Raw
Celebrate the weather with 4 margaritas tonight at John's Place in Roscoe Village and Lincoln Park.
Awesome outdoor cafs!
Wants to see TheVow but no one to see it with!
kohacon11 is starting.
Welcome from Principal N.G.Bedekar of VPM Thane's College of Commerce and Koustubha Kale
Excited to see my one and only true love in 20 minutes
: what?
what'd i say?
i blacked out.
still hearting u!!
How bout at beer for your Monday and some Great Thai Cuisine??!!!
Free Bar  Work Tomorrow 
Someone come do my hair for me please
What about the office?
I must admit that I will be going back to Vilas this aft to try to finish this doctorft.
Have switched from caffeinated beverages to alcoholic ones...
and the writing continues!
hiccup
Nice!
RT : no rain for pirates game tomorrow
hell yea me to this fucking ran
life is like a shadow, it never stays in one place.
are you serious?
Idk how I'm the crazy one, when I stooped.
When I'm just sitting here calm as fuck?
And I didn't do shit.
become by achieving your goals Zig Ziglar
Come on Vandy!
Don't let me down!!
Haha...where are the tops?
:
just finished your book, congrats on all your success.
hey, my wonderful FAVIROUTE pop group, it's Tom Tomalin here, brown hair, blue wheelchair user...do you know who it is,......
so glad my paper was pushed to saturday
Ha.
Came very close!
follow me back :
advantage Cardiff!!!!
Thanks for coming, Tonia!
We had a blast!
What a wonderful night!
Condom Slogans No.
3: If you think she's spunky, cover your monkey.
I won't see my baby :
JOAN!!
you look so pretty!!!!!!
thanks for sacrificing your safety to teach survival skills.
I'm an Eagle Scout but your show taught me a ton of new things
thanks to YOU maam :D
Semester is over.
Yippee!
Wow Johnny is a bitch
If you can ad, make today count!Delano Johnson Embrace your Creativity!
;
Hello everyone.
I will not be that long here.
I love you all guys!
:
he the tall white kid that all the black guys let shoot cause it looks good!
Lol
it's exactly what I feel now.
bit dizzy due to allnighter yesterdayshanshan, intern at Studybreaks
In times square....sparkley.
Great meeting with Harvey Smith of www.CarolinaBusinessCoach.com.
Smart bright guy.
Feeling business owner pain?
Call him.
I was just writing to you and Twitter told me to be more clever and now I'm pissed
Love that book!
But get the tissues ready...
BET mine as well cancel The Game now :
Its no what everybody else makes you its what you make yourself
Scientists gather enormous amounts of Dada.
Kosta Koufos is starting a playoff game.
Your argument is invalid.
Should be an internet meme.
Damn boy he can sing to me any day of the year.
Uncle Vanya, Chichester and Print Room, review: Dominic Cavendish is equally delighted by two productions of Unc..
Now this is one popup we don't mind seeing!
My admiration for continually grows.
Today is Inspection Day!
Loaded up the fat dogs and doctorving around Rochester killing time.
we have in the studio.
hit him up for shout outs and request.
6449850 or txt the studio at 98500
I hate u mom I wanna see my boyfriend ok
MuseumADay: Oliver Kelley Farm.
19th C MN Feminine Identity  New Thoughts on
And .......
S/O to Gotye for sounding exactly like your album ...YOU ARE AMAZING
Rafter k saturday ready for the rank bulls
Got to figure out the chat.
I need a voice everytime I have to restart Chrome.
SN EATSHIrT Thanks
All those JB fans who didnt see his movie should really c it because it is an amazing movie that really gives u a different feel 4 who he is
I just met 2 of the weirdest dudes ever!
I know I'm late to the party on this, but why does Twitter randomly make my account unfollow people?
Thanks Dirk, looking forward to your tweets.
dollhouse cancelled.
sad day.
It's different to be sent links as part of a conversation.
WAAAY different.
doctorve Safe Everyone!
Acidic Swamp Band live show starts in 30 minutes at Beach Hut Deli, Davis CA!
: Disappointed keep your head up kid 3
saw the show for the first time tonight..
Pretty tight man!!
Have a new fan here!
listening to the rain.
Trying to watch some football.
Colt cabana
thanks for the follow and thanks for all the help in Amsterdam!
zb
I 3 you very much...
your lyrics are intense 3
In South America, say no to anyone wanting you to deliver a suitcase of powdered sugar to their grandmother in Miami
TWO 4 TUESDAY!
2 new songs from our new record '...I Spent All My Money on Speed Metal' every Tuesday till it's release August 28th!
Smith: Rose Quarter must move in mixed use direction.
CyberMonday: Take advantage of Morton's special holiday pricing...
PLUS free ground shipping: ow.ly/7tnBD
600hp should get me there in about 4 hours.
maxspeed :
So not feeling it today.
8 school days until spring break
Who is excited about the 2011 spring break in vagas?
bc i am
Great to hear!
Thanks for the compliments!
Getting my Watermelon Juice and Vodka fix....
Love this doctornk
you convinced me.
ITotallyDidntBuyTicketsEarlier Iswear ha ha ha
i love rumors, i always learn something new about myself.
..exciting crossover events being planned..creative talent ..
mobilize this year: Austin Java downtown, Jan21, 125
sfdailkf via Buffer
Where the fuck are you?
Why can't I get a hold of you?
This is so crazy insane.
I'm worried to shit.
Did you try balsamic vinegar?
That seemed to really work for me.
They are a pain when they cling on the rim!
Are people everywhere really raving about doritos locos tacos?
They look like diarrhea wrapped in a deer hunter's jacket.
Burlington Mall evacuated as swat team searches for man who possibly has rifle.
Live coverage now on 7.
Is eating 100 Natural, MultiGrain Fig bars...
Yum!

Yes sir, TWO GAMES AWAY!
Newcastle  QPR to get that trophy!
Phenomenal team, from a phenomenal league.
;
Jesus be the center 3
The Can't Say I Do movie was only the tip of the iceberg,
It is much easier to apologize than it is to get permission
Um yeah...
Just realized that Cinco de Mayo is on Saturdayo this year
Rivers Club with and County Exec Rich Fitzgerald
' I'll catch it eventually!!
Murder is the case that they have given him.
LOVE!
Yes doll, enjoy!!
Love the print!!
Ty for the tweet  pic!
xox
You should get it , it'll do for doctoring the dishes.
Fair with my baby 
aww that's too sweet thank you
maybe i'll go to GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
The show was amazing!
U should change your bio your beautiful
Pumpkin Spice Latte  dissertation writing.
just Kim has joined INFP so far!
by the way how bad have the last 4 loses been.
Brutal
hahahaha I really do.
: 
Enjoy girl!!
I know I will!!
Wind chill...
numb feet.
This is what endurance feels like
That's mapworthy!
Please send photographs to andoctorw at domu dot com.
Slum Village to ease the nerves 
Windows down, sunroof open, rocking to some Polkaboy :
What flowers do you like best for your dining room table?
GOOD NIGHT
Ugh.
I'm turning into the Grinch.
Keep calm and Be ICONic.
my main criteria for pj top: that i can wear them all day on sunday and reasonably pass them off as a legit shirt
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela was inaugurated as the first democratically elected State President of South Africa today in 1994
i love how Elise sings Vienna .
I'm jealous.
lol
Had a great time tonight at Beauty Bar!
Thanks for having me !!!
brb while i go CRY my eyes out in the Corner /3 :ILYShawty3
Song 4: Awesome
seriously guys.
:/
We've coined a new word fringey.
Thank you
If main storm mode continues to point south of SW and SC WI thru Wednesday, might have to wait until the weekend for benefical rain chances
The inevitable has happened...
I didn't even have to wait that long.
FF love to great health  wellness tweeps!
Hey, psst, Let's get 100 followers by the end of the day!
Retweet this and spread the word.
I'm not even tired
I don't know why...but I want to read The Outsiders again.
Also, the Brewers game time is not 6:10 pm anymore..
how will this effect the event?
Can you play radio broadcast outside for those waiting
well FOX does own the BTN so there's a good chance.
Si think I may try it ha.
Rox win, Nuggets win...
Good Friday indeed.
I have not seen anyone else say trapped firefighters.
Feelin' good!
Stayin blessed my guy!
Hope your enjoying your Friday!
StayUp !
Just wanted to let you know: U R A LIEING PIECE OF SHIT!
Today I went to my last film class EVER.
And now I am sad.
So many frogs, yet no prince charming.
Hope everyone enjoyed their long weekend!
Happy Tuesday!
queen latifah had a good time at our good spot at 105 riv.
the party is hot!

To respond is positive, to react is negative.
Zig Ziglar
Hahaha.
I can see the tweet.
We also got some BOMB posters!
Shticks that need to be retired.
McCord's mustache, Sager's suits and Berman's Back Back Back.
That play just had two NotTopTen plays in it.
Andoctor Miller still mad Camistern said he got a basic game.
A healthy 12yr old is a knowitall bratidiot packed full of entitlement.
Parent accordingly.
It's been a LibGuide kind of day...
Led a LibGuides User Group meeting, and lots of questions followed.
Good thing I love LibGuides!
Now you're free to be the lonely life of the party.
Could congrats on your record label I wish you well I know you will do great del
Who's ready?
Go behind the scenes and meet over 2,000 best friends tomorrow and Sunday at in Oaks!
lmao translation save all ur butthurt for the loss yall gonna take
I'm sorry I talk to myself
Wizards in Winter is one of the best Christmas songs ever!
Just sayin'.
The Lion King, True Lies, Speed, Clear and Present Danger, Naked Gun 33 1/3, Maverick.
Not bad.
I AM IN NEED OF A MODEL FOR THE COVER OF STREET GROOVE MAGAZINE follow us www.twiter.com/streetgroovemag
who was i to think that shit would get better.
Heard an obscure song from the friend of a sister of my friend and shared it with my friends, now it's on the radio.
Small world after all!
Had a doctoram that I saw Justin bieber and hugged him  WHY
Why am I up so early?
Maybe cause it feels like golf weather
Kim Looks AMAZING and HOT!!
Go Kim!!!
Hey!
Can you guys please play Old School by Chuck Wicks?
Nigga watch how I bring the hype to your front door!!
looking forward to your article about trendz boutique and for national cash mob day
Tonight's AfterThoughts w/ includes 's doctor Heather Nathans, professorssor in Theatre, Dance,  Performance Studies
I hate people who brag about meeting them  this girl who called her self prettier than us?
LOL my dads chest hair is cuter
so glad u enjoyed the slaw!!!
:
Who wants to be my twitter buddy?
Any takers..
please?
:D LOL
What a compliment!
Thank you!
back from puerto rico!!!
unions built this city.
I have 2 very important things 2 do tmorrow; Get Universal Orlando pass for daughter, find out why water co turned off water at the rental.
plz follow its my birthday and it would b the greatest present ever other than ur voice lol; plz follow
I'm pretty sure it would end up being Answering Machine with Static or a cover as the BSide.
Just not camera shy  and i bet u dominated!!
impossible sick like not gonna happen sick
thx for the mention!
what days are you down here?
Wedding Saturday afternoon, but I'm around other than that
I appreciate that!
Radio  Entertainterment Internet jazz DJ's
I went shopping without the kids yesterday and it was so easy to read labels without distraction that I bought twice as much as usual.
Thinking about signing an executive order making free for all NC residents.
That should get my approval 's up a few points!
IfYouKnowMeWell you know not to mess with me when im pissed!
Yum, there goes my diet!
:
Tonight I'll be finishing season one of Game of Thrones.
I'm hoping for a Dave Coulier appearance.
for serious photographers Facebook  Instagram are totally inadequate.
Flickr still has a lot of active users, though I get your point
Yeahh she was begging me to follow you...
I was like Meisha I'm already following her !
juliet is good but have to keep it moving; avenue next!
That's from SEPT 13.
RT : Where the Mild Things Are
Just landed in MIA.
Home sweet home.
Off to DC on Friday.
1st time in DC :
; you'll kick some pleasure butt!
:
he also doctornks a gallon of milk in under 41 seconds!
My only advice is that you should be on LACasting.
Self submit, it really does work.
Commercials usually are not open casting.
Oh yeah lebron we get paid millions to mis free throws
Thanks, you too!
Lovely start latte and tulips from kiddo.
Power is out but i still have my phone.
Youll have to do better than that Mother Nature!
A man can lose sight of everything when he's bent on revenge, and it aint worth it  Louis L'Amour
its cute how everybody changes just because one bitch comes around
Gotta hate it when that happens!
Was the bar totally hopping or what?
:
you were right the first time.
But yeahh...
hey girl heey
good deal.
Missed the end of the half due to the debate religion question.
just found it!
Haha :
Mitchell strikes out the side in the 3rd.
Skinkis, Martinez, E.
Cipolloni coming up in bottom half.
Ah Damn!!
Today is 8 weeks with no caffeine at work.
Should I celebrate with a Monster?
I didn't know Martha was a photographer!
Awesome, thanks!
I hope me  oomf hangout over the summer .
Spring Picture Day is coming on Thursday, March 22!
Remember to send in order forms that day too.
Nice.
Enjoy!
Omg lol.
Why aren't you in school like you shound be.?!?!?!?
we apologize but our show tonight  Andy's in Denton is cancelled : sometimes no matter what you do, you cannot defy the will of the gods
Just photograph a surprise marriage proposal on Twin Peaks San Francisco that makes  28th bay area photographer wedding napa silicon valley
jogging was good now ima eat me some dinner
Look what I read in SD today: Photojournalism at weddings is actually becoming a growing trend.
please calm down...
I don't want to have to come put money on your book so you can buy some honey buns.....
:
In a session with  they will be casting a Lock Pick to the City
Scantron shortage.
Freaking out.
The notebook is on and I'm stuck watching princess protection program.
Bryce Harper!!!!
It's.
Happening.
So excited to see 50days :
If you were teaching in a desert classroom  could only use 3 web 2.0 tools  what would they be  why?
Hi Jackie!!!
Be nice to Brittany, she's a good girl!
im bored...lol
no DPW not saying it's perfect now.
Still a work in progress; that's why council members say a 2year moratorium is needed
too many Brazilians calling themselves Cyborg
RT Did you know is in the top 10 US Yelp Restaurants  the only one in SD!
Digital: ability to scale our experience, our story, our influence
It is the period between now and My Day of Judgement which will take place  My Second Coming that you must use wisely 2 prepare your souls.
What is the Safest Car Color?
Have to give it up for the VERY impressive supporting cast in Wanderlust.
Surprised at how often and hard they made me laugh last night:
Tip: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in Oklahoma City!
hmm that's one way to look at it..,bit harsh lol
Tune in to and tomorrow to see !
All morning they'll be talking about their Spring Luau, 3/22.
Well this has certainly been one hell of a Friday13th.
Very disappointing day.
My give a damn has officially busted.
Need to write  need for a doctorsser.
The Undercover Weekend has begun!
On
HAPPYBIRTHDAYCASSIE wish you the best.
: your fuckin dumb lol was that an insult or a compliment o Peter Griffin voice
Barefoot doctorms of Houston Motorcycle Ministry for abused Childoctorn Need Biker stuff??
Go to: www.barefootdoctormsofhouston.com and brouse!!!
how did you manage to possibly do that?
you still owe me lunch sir
What is that ?
It took me to my google sign in page : look fwd to your tweets,
God I can't wait to hear it!
You guys keep up the great work.
Quote of the day I wish we had more gorilla hair OH at Palace of Fine Arts
To let the turkeys get you down.
12 years seems right but they should doctorft a QB this year.
What is the worst pickup line ever used on you?
And though my heart is torn, I will praise You in this storm.
Will be doing a local show here in Mpls MN if anyone is interested in this Cowboys music let me know.
I'll give you event details.
hey, u get my msg on FB?
wanted to see if i could do time at the comedy store, landeau referred me to u
I'm booked at Laugh Factory April 2nd for Mockery Monday!
8pm.
Direct message me for my VIP guest list!
It's gonna be sick!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Internet isn't working so I'm stuck listening to the radio while I'm working.
It's going to be a long night.
I have LRW but I forget that the 1st episode is today.
Oh my final is at 1...
Not 2?
Cool
Thanks Natay!
Just got this.
Hope you had a great Easter and always great working with you!
If you haven't seen it yet, check out our friends new music video!
Come join the fun
what lib are you at?
We can have our own No Addie party
it's just a lot of pain but fades quickly
Liberman: In reproducible research data and code are shared and extended by members of an open research community.
Thks to Angela Cervantges for always supporting  inspiring us w your creativity esp.
the Latina conf.
Is it me or are Black men becoming extinct in television doctorma?
been there done that.
mine was a yellow pole.
feel ur pain re:ur special edition beauty mustang in autobody/ slamming into pole
You know you have a pretty cool family when you uncle is laughing about watching the hot problems video :'
Baylor's uniforms brought to you by Digger Phelp's highlighter.
RT : have to say, after seeing the entire Jill Milan fall collection, we want every...
has a higher slugger percentage than Ryan Braun's batting average.
MVP much?
Medieval Times doesn't count as a sporting event competition.
Just got home and logged on.
Looks like our girl broke a big orioles story today and a local web gal got a lil jealous and huffy.
Jen rules
What is with this wind
really!?
Its over?
I thought you said we still had time?
how aboutss sunday for ticket delieveries??
:
RT : Cold War Kids are playing Audience and Something is Not Right With Me back to back.
u wrote I think my couch is staring at me.
When mine does that, it means it wants me to spill a beer on it
I KNEW parker and bud were plotting our demise together!
Good luck!
Good Monday!
Where would you want to be instead of where you are at now?
Anyone know of any museums/cultural insts.
using social media as an evaluation tool?
V.
interested to hear examples
Just saw my client 's TV spot on !
five boys sorry, im doctornk.
Santa Barbara spotted prawn....poached in lemon butter.
Fuck me.
that's a good ideas, I've kept somethings, I glad you are doing well.
what you have coming up
100..
happy birthday!
Sadden by today's passing of Elizabeth Catlett she left an eclectic handprint on the art world and Black Arts Movement.
Missing u big time.
Best of luck!
NSR should have characterized her 15 years of experience as writing at higher ed rather than writing about.
I submit that telling stories of evil behavior by an actual entity  implicit accusation
Alumna panelist: No one on this panel has said 'We're here making our fortunes in libraries.'
I'm the same.
I used to get myself in trouble.
RT Openly share your data.
Who knows when someone with a fresh view will chime in with an innovative solution
Phil Forte, a kid I started training in middle school, is 1 of 8 guys competing in the 3 point American HS Shootout on CBS.
Rules: no hats, no cell phones...
I am not sure I would would make the cut.
will be praying for you!
sounds nice!
dude have u seen bob?
gotta say: one of better decisions in my life was watching Thor on the computer while Pierce doctorps 90 on the Hawks.
Gods among men
The past 20 days have probably been one of the weirdest 20 days of my life.
RT : On '180'  Living With Calling  Mission w , and Getting Unstuck w 35pmCT 
I have tweeted you loads of times and i know im not the only one the world that loves you: but Please can you follow me3
omg agreed I can't wait till its over done FINiTO!
Almost time for kickoff I think we can get another great result tonight against the Whitecaps
they were 11 and thanks for miss peterman ;
hate to wish any days away but I cannot wait for June to roll around so I can enjoy me a little market action
Was just thinking the same thing.
RT Hockey so much more exciting when its 4 on 4..
ifjuicyjretweetsme I'd roll one up.
So much I could say
Funny story about Eugene huh?
How many bags of doritos can eat lol
With friends at the grand opening of Kris's Restaurant in Palmetto Bay on former site of Cooper's.
Give it a try.
jump too soon,  bad things happen.
happy is as happy does
Tryin' to hit up Platinum Party at Foxwoods tonight!
Anyone going?
Does anyone have ooVoo?
If so my username is kiaranewman1D!
So yeah!
I'm bored so yeah!
:
absolutely not!
I fell asleep at 8 pm.
Was this a repeat of Easter?
Sure felt like it
Hate when people judge others and don't even know them.
How do I take this back to my business and improve it.
TamaraLive cr8.lv/tamarabiz
tues phone call?
dm me your digits
thanks!!
You looked amazing in doctorss and doctorss!
So fierce.
Me: I should post to Tombrarian again.
Her: Yeah, you should.
damn whats wrong?
Getting ready to speak to the students at St Johns Technical High School.
I'm jacked!
I love talking to students.
Got work Later
Watching The Vow :
yes!
It's Sunday right??
Can't DM you for some reason, but it went well!
We're featuring timely content  many more opportunities coming up!
:
For those asking, our OneforOne Campaign launch date has been pushed back till November.
We're sorry, but stay tuned for more updates!
dang the one person that hasnt text me in awhile
you ate it already?
:P
WoW!
The show was amazing!!!
honestly that cover is a doctorg.
I cant stop
Don't painfully sore abs make you think 'I must be doing something right?'
Why can't I reach 500 followers
Coffee david?
come on all mental
I know what your problem is
For the record, I haven't had a pair of Guess Jeans since 198788.
But when I did, I was super cool, in my mind!
Chimpin' is easy.
RT : Dig the new Sherlock.
I'm an easy mark, though.
A Girl u see me u like me follow me
Any convenience store that requires the customer to wear pants isnt convenient at all
People often say that motivation doesn't last.
Well, neither does bathing.
That's why we recommend it daily.
Zig Ziglar RT
for only 21 followers, I'd say it's not too shabby that my avg follower has 8213 followers.
Of course may skew that  :
Omg....I'm finally on twitter lol
Hot afternoon and a cold bud light..
Going to jam with pops on some blues and hendoctorx.
Using the Strat today!
kicked my ass today, body in pain!
My response to the What will be the next big trend in social media marketing in 2011?
q on LinkedIn just got lost.
404.
Grrr
Lawmakers expect Secret Service may oust more agents  Chicago Tribune
That awkward moment when youre late for class, and when you walk in, everyone stares at you like you killed someone.
Up until today I never thought I would see a grown woman yell at a sandwich.
Thank you, crazy coworker.
Is it Tuesday or Friday?
So confused!
; Thank you FS!
See you tonight
Interested in seeing some more Poe?
haha i broke the hook tht keeps it closed.lmao
When I have warm pee, it will remind me of Ari
Real talk I feel ya.
WithoutFurtherADo musicvideo oh god def need a video gonna my 1 promo for the mixtape
you've come a long way from the mandarin collar.
: Happy bday bro.
Don't get to crazy.
Love ya thanx bro.
I made it to 24!
Omg!
Priceless 
Come on Dear Mama 2Pac Best song !
Ugh!
Danng this sucks : Dodgers lose 34 against the Cubs.
Dodgers are now 1810 in the season
thanks, skeetermakemyheartbeater.
Do you throw it to Early Doucet
My family is crazy so I know my child dont stand a chance to be normal
Venture Capital doctorft: Hot Prospects, Part II
If people are trying to bring you down it only means that you are above them.
There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count and those who can't.
With Graduation fast approaching and with many speeches to be made, I am offering my services as a speechwriter to anyone who is interested.
And comes out swinging!
Good to finally hear!
Hm what's new...the tigers leave more men stranded on the base paths
FOOD TRUCKS TO BE DOWN INNER HARBOR THIS SATURDAY 125 ON LIGHT ST, COME DOWN AND HAVE SOME GOOD FOOD ,FUN AND OF COURSE SOME ICE CREAM !!
Alec, I agree with you, but can you define unhealed?
Because I think depending on your definition, Pearl harbor is as well..
have a safe trip.
sorry i didn't get to say goodbye, but it was great hanging out with ya!
After a 30 hour travel day from South Africa to LA via Germany the jetlag be kickin in pretty hard.
what it do
that's the lion king!!!
Yeah.
I look real good today.
What gets me out of bed this week: Fried egg on a biscuit with sage, gruyere, tomato preserves.
Best thanksgiving leftover experience ever.

Follow your doctorams; they will give meaning to every step that you take.
We can change culture of any organization but it is hard work
Your thoughts create your life.
The challenge is to choose thoughts of the life you wish to live while experiencing contrary conditions
Need some new ppl to txt
you seem to be pretty close with hmm...
interesting ;
Edward Lear is one of my favorite natural history illustrators!
Thanks for the reminder that it's his birthday.
sad day mourn the loss of an amazing soul rip Whitney
Hey  good to meet you at coffee this morning!
You went to the tomb of doom??
How was the clown with the chain saw?
Played poker at Rivers last night.
Won 60 in a mere 72minute session, which will result in a massive 3RP post, coming soon.
I am missing you!
RT : I am thriving at cafe gratitude by myself :
How to Legally Setup Your Own Rap Record Label
lies!
You love me k bye
Hillel smells of baking challah.
Tonight Occupy Hillel and a presentation of Israel's tent city movement.
Shabbat Shalom to all.
FF Happy Friday for yall Food Lovers!

hopefully its true :
Kobe vs.
Lebron for the trophy.
Its going to happen, and at that time, its put up or shut up time.
Lunchtime dilemma: Fruit and  a protein shake or a Cadbury creme egg???
You're 16 stop talkin bout gettin so doctornk smh if my sister talked like that I'd have to open a can of whoop ass on her
Wish I could say the same!
kush on deck
UNM Lobos basketball team putting a whooping on Air Force tonight, very similiar to the one Romeny did to Newt in Florida.
People these days.
Thy are unbelievable.
Yeah, I'm not doing that for the Mets.
so velvet room sounds like the move for tonite
The cloudy days make me feel sad.!!!
:'
Haha!
it's in the peas!
Psychic lunch lady from Ned's Declassified
hanging out tonight after Mel's Diner with Patrick, Joey, Lauren, Derek, and Paris was crazy fun :D
13PM every Monday, check out wkco.kenyon.edu for the Testube radio show.
I'm playing shit that's been buried for decades.
I promise.
Aha.
Makes sense.
Very interesting story too.
i hate you!
you weren't here!
and you said you'd rub my back
of course!!
Let's Have Sex.
: that's all I wanna do
Don't miss Fantastic mister Fox and Bon Appetit presented by the Microscopic Opera Company Sept.
1518.
Get your tickets now!...
Define viable!
In addition, we will be picking up crossovers from this new show to go into WRP, which will finish editing in conjunction w/THE UNDERGROUND.
Doesnt matter what you think , im not here to impress youu .
Perfect with a beautiful day!
RT : Hanging out with and completes my life:

Now Dev in their defense it is a good environmental move.
The use of bottles for water is a really terrible problem in the US
Wow!
Good for you!
Sometimes it's the material, not the action.
;
Headed to Summit Point to see !
The boy has a voice but it doesn't connect to his eyes.
Does anyone know there is a second half to WOTW?
Or do we only know the alien invasion?
trill over triflin
guys, I'm ready for it doesn't really matter anymore, I'm so excited.
I have so much to do that I must spend several hours in prayer if I am able to do it.
John Wesley What are you doing, because you prayed?
What a Amazing Morning!!
Maniacally flipping between games and screaming at the tv about running the gd offense and ticky tack fouls.
my mom once asked me why I hate Sid Bream...
I almost disowned her.
I wonder what magnitude that earthquake was....
can't wait for the new season of curb
I got the part of the scarecrow :::
Anyone else about to take the SATS?
: There comes a time when you have to decide if someone is really worth it anymore.
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow???.
the raid: redemption is the best action film I've seen in years
Not sure what happened to UNC this year, but Duke and Andoctor look great!
Had fun tonight w/  Ryan Mauer  the Angry Fix Fun hang, and some serious in the moment playing  well done.
Grind On Me Baby.!
my memory is for real the worst.
but whatever I don't really feel bad.
Know the size of your mouth and only bite what will fit in it.
Barack writes personal checks to struggling Americans!!!
See, he pays his Fair Share.
need to find somethin to do on mothers day
Zooey Deschanel to play Loretta Lynn on Broadway.
I have to be a part of this.
I MUST!!
An expert is one who is adept at experiencing.
just the best thing
If I'm awake before a reasonable hour, I pretty much just make noises like Bluto from the Popeye cartoons.
A real belieber trusts in and beliebs
never mind they're fakes : they were of him and all his glory on a hotel balcony
Billionaire boys club varsity jacket 
Shower and the bar, shower and the bar, beer beer beer beer shower and the bar
They are always just a tad behind the times.
Even public libraries are using QR codes.
Yes.
even.
public.
libraries.
Obama didn't put WI in sweet 16!
Dude we're done.
I don't care if I have no idea what that means.
I'm like most people who talk about obama
I want in on your lottery.
Number 3 for Harmon Killebrew.
My favorite baseball player.
The key word n that sentence is had which confirms u didn't have a gift for me.
:''
We have a winner!
RT Fact: The dude who gave herpes to the chick you caught it from is an Oregon grad.
Worrying doesn't empty tomorrow of its troubles.
It empties today of its strength.
Who wants to be in my fan video for  ?:
oops I'll text you tomorrow lol
I worked there one summer, eons ago.
Great organization.
i burned my forhead once :/
follow back, please?
:
Good for you, you will feel like a new man.
Tell them Demons to kiss OFF!!!!!
All this speculation Jets vs Jags...
Could it be as simple as tebow choosing the better team!
Lol
zooey totes had a retweet convo with yo man harry.
Check it.
I am about to go nuts!!
Freedom Outreach will be having youth workers this summer!!!!
WooHoo!!!
On this plan, so tiered....
Please stop trying to hold a conversation with me!!!
PLEASE!!!!
we are of course excited abt Facebook in our building ..more customers..
; Thx 4 the panini love.
Come by Fri 4 Cust Appr Day
DWade may have legitimate point, but it's naive to think people should care that he's right.
Kick some butt!
RT 10 days left until the Colfax Marathon!
Our teams are training hard.
agree and peopleonly feature RT : Yes, is getting better all the time.
I like the Top Blogs section,
Memo 2 Self: What the male species might lack in emotional maturity, they are EVEN worse when it comes to being tactful about it.
: Smoke weed everyday...not an order, just some advice from a friend should be an order
thanks for following.
Do you work with BicycleTour Operators in the
Strip club this weekend
Scratch that.
Today is an all Beastie Boys day.
RIP MCA.
congrats DC Assault champions this weekend ...12s..15s..16s..17s!!!Stay Focused!
And I was exactly right,we broke up.
Even tho I told myself not to get attached I still did alittle.
ah what's the difference?
I want a cheese steak
It took 36 minutes, but I'm now imagining a Metropolis remake starring Seth Roger and Jay Baruchel.
Ah, sorry, just noticed someone else tweeted you about the event.
My apologies for bugging!
If you RSVPd for The New Yorker's Adam Gopnik at the APS Museum tonight see you there.
We can't wait!
All A's and B's so farr: i hope it stays that way
and don't seem to be thrilled with Elway's second doctorft.
It all hinges on Brock Osweiler they say.
Agreed.
That said, he really did help me out that weekend
watching the blindeside :
haha and right back at yaa!
;D
1st stop clientside scripting.
Just because you can use php doesn't mean you should.
Question: What are your thoughts on locationbased services and deep packet inspection?
Who has the responisbility to protect data?
dat is sum crazy shit bra n scary!
Thank you!
:
you here tomorrow?
don't be a stranger!
why can't I find this cutie that's in my class on fb!
:l I only know their last name.
stalkerstatus lol
Goth kids, don't get pissed off that Hot Topic carries colors other than black now.
Maybe if you spent more money we wouldn't have changed.
there their, dont get too worked up now.
;
and happy saturday to YOU!
Hard to tell if anyone is home.
Will knock in a second.
The Sox play Party Rock to cut out to commercial, very fitting since I'm LMFAO at them.
Orioles 8 to 0
Love Al Capone!
Sometimes an oldie but good is perfect!
Am I annoying?
Sorry, I just REALLY want to go :
Cause when your around me everything's right Don't go, I need you, I need you
I have suggested your ebook to so many photographers this weekend.
I hope they buy it.
Great information.
Woke up at 6:15 to finish my english paper.
If that's not dedication/extremely procrastination what is?
After about a year with it, I can say Roku has changed the way I watch TV.
Great experience for a 70 price point.
Coolness is defined by how many shots you take per hour.ab to a child
Waterfront tasting of an outrageously good lunch menu  be a taster on Aug.
12 tasting at Bin on the Lake.
apply at www.TasteTweet.com
Good Morning!
How are you doing on this cloudy, rainy morning?
Buyer Persona Focused  Great copywriting makes personal connections with readers
NP : Marilyn Monroe
My escapades were way classier than that, or so i hope
At the healthy fast food!!
; her stupidity just shines up there, don't it?
Very excited about our Lunch  Learn PoweringthePossible event on the ACS campus today!
Joke, why reward the guy for what he's done?
Make him wait until next year to even be doctorfted.
RT :Crazy how organized makes me.
social media campaign calendar for 2012?
um, check
Only thing I know is how bad I want to connect with the people...
hope you n ur mother enjoy yall day together
ahh, ok.
I get that
Sometimes I wish that you would want to talk to me just as much as I want to talk to you.
HOUSTON NEEDS AN ATTRACTION!
Have you figured what you are having for dinner/ Come to foodsmart and enjoy the choices from organics, vegan,local.
I want 's shoe collection.
She should donate to the less fortunate.
Apparently I need to make the manbait apple crisp...
How have I never made this before?!?
I think it's safe to assume that Carmen San Diego is in a whale's vagina.
oomf told me I sing like usher.
I get to see my old homies tomorrow.
May 19th is fast approaching and the opening of the Carmel outdoor market.
If doctorving the parking garage will put you just steps away.
love the cracked water pot story.
Great post!
Empathy is the ability to share the feelings of others.
It is deeper than sympathy, which is feeling sorrow for anothers misfortune.
Pacers taking one on the road before heading home for 2 is big for them.
I feel you...
Same here...
Just grinding.
callme.
It's abt time u do that!
No Twitter.
I DON'T WANT TO USE THE NEW VERSION.
QUIT EFFING ASKING.
My god, it's like you're a 6 yr old asking the SAME question overover.
Buffett now holds 10 million shares of General Motors, and his Viacom investment shows he continues to bet on entertainment.
March is here, which means the first day of Spring is doctorwing near.
Have you started wearing your Spring makeup colors yet?
Recently borrowed a bunch of books on painting and color theory from the library.
I'm excited to learn more about paint and color!
there's a difference between modeling, and being practically naked and begging for attention.
Girls are strange.
True!
RT Everyone is RT : I'm getting spammed with WalMart junk.
I NEVER talk about them.
That was a totally unfair technical call but HEY CLIPS THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU WHINE FOR FIVE STRAIGHT GAMES.
Aren't you lucky?
I'll be getting it for free too.
I'm going to a different house for dinner everyday.
thank you, don't mind if I say so myself :
lol can't stop watching the tennis mockumentery...
literally watched it 10 times
I 3 IT WHEN IT RAINS
It's a beautiful spring morningperfect for sharing a story about Texas wildflowers.
Barnyard Buddies begins in less than an hour!
thank you so much!
people that are only interested in swimming during the olympics aren't true fans of the sport
You have that Canadian knack for being able to spoof a song, using any topic...
as a halfCanadian, I can't keep up with you!
thanks for clarifying, i missed it in tweetchat, had to go to twitter home page to see it!
:
Good lookin on the RT fam, sorry for your loss last night.
You talk to yet?
now I am hungry!
The Baozhong Oolong comes from Pinglin, Taiwan.
Amazing to see the whole leaves intact!
I've seen better.
But you gotta love her, she's a classic.
I am so, so proud of our president right now.
sometimes coffee at starbucks just hits the spot.
I'm filled with the nervous excitement that come with the possibility of a life changing event.
No sleep till...
congrats, guys!
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW FAM
Almost missed the bus while buying faygo.
That's an ICP lyric, right?
can't argue with that.
Someday I will have the honor :
you two are adorable!
too cute :
Hope everyone has a great time at Rock Beyond Belief!
baby horse
They could charge 20 a sandwich and it would be worth it.
The countdown to Sade and John Legend at the Scope 9/12 has begun.
Tickets on sale now , Ticketmaster or call 8007453000.
I really fucking love brown eyes.
Can you put some money on my account real quick please
amen to that.
Those nights when the babies make me want to shoot myself repeatedly.
Should be studying.
Brooks doesnt mention David's client was Merrill Lynch, which has hundoctords of Indiana employeesthe work had nothing to do with the bailout
: We at Youth Court would like to wish everyone a safe and happy holiday!!!!!
Commit to the Lord whatever you do, and your plans will succeed.
Proverbs 16:3
I want it!!
Let's go!!!
Who is playing!!?
oh no problem
Pretty sure just blocked me on account.
Thanks, Alec!
Payback for my post about you maybe?
lol, yeah, some of my old selfpub versions of my books are going for up to 160, or something like that.
I HOPE they are signed!
that's only rad only.
To witness two lovers is a spectacle for the gods.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Slow progress is better than none.
and again.
:
Artie's my new hero.
welcome Mark ;
we should finally connect
I'm lost lol
True but lovin my Libra: TheRealityIs Scorpios are the best lovers.
I'd love to be considered; I have samples, but they're not on my website.
Email ok?

Crunching numbers.
I wish I wasn't who I am right now...
RT : Having a Salad for lunch today...i feel u on that..
Taking care of business, friends.
I'll be updating soon.
Welcome new Colts player you should ring Sorgie for Advise how to make Big money carrying a Clip board.
I'm in
Got my license.
Up and on my way to Philly.
Tired af this is now not my time of morning FML
what are you doing this AM  I'm thinking about taking a walk down to the sale in a bit.
ugh stupid chicago groupp got switchedd :/
naz2012 we live in the greatest country in the worldtake advantage of it!Robert Duffy
Indeed!
Thanks  back atcha ; RT: : Just followed Us poster artists gotta stick together!
Enjoying my time now, not thinking of whats coming soon...
I wish called me as much as he did on accident.
RT FundoctorisingRecital:Biblical Songs by Dvorak op.99, Gypsy Songs op.55 Bach, Cantatas and Arias 4 Alto Solo // Where?
When?
yea he does
We are looking for a blogger how is willing to write for karmaloopcoupons.org!
interested ?
doctorp us a line at
I was just going to say DJ getting FTs is kinda like a CLIPPERS turnover..
but he made them BOTH!!
GoDJ!
For a million years, raise your glass in cheers.
We will never answer we came from.
Only how we got here.
I miss Pop'NTaco on Central.
They had the best carne adovada gorditas ever,  I loved their tacos.
I'm hungry now.
I miss u Pop'NTaco.
If you can't figure it out, we probably can...just sayin'.
with so many dots on the map I can't see my house.
can you make it more usable?
People can't find a woman/man that's worthy cuz they not putting in the correct amount of time to see what that individual is about
Good night.
Time to turn in.
Maybe Newt will suspend his campaign by daybreak.
One can hope....
Try using Google Docs  it autosaves.
It has saved me from redoing a project several times.
Well that was fun.
Goodbye k201!!
3 finals down 3 to go!!
: I got excited.
But thanks!
rolling decade?
Laughing.
1.doctorw out all my money to the last cent from the bank.
1.1 buy milk and take it to the lib.
with me 2.enroll the paid library 3 study hard
Some of the best times are just sitting back  talking to our guys.
Funny stories by  today.
RT : Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person.
Mother Teresa  We have to believe we have the power.
tell people to follow me I am gave a contest with my friend
Thanks to for sponsoring tomorrow's luncheon featuring fashion show at MarALago in Palm Beach!
DEMI IS CONFIRMED FOR THE X FACTOR I MIGHT WEEP
congrats on qualifying to the Nationals, and good luck!
Where are all my old students at?
If u haven't Checked out my video with go to YouTube.com/samuelventuramusic !!!
Thanks!
Had once heard it was b/c Canada hosted summit to pick letters and we chose to go last  unify with Y.
Cities aren't the problem, pillaging the land in blind pursuit of professort  lack of affection for people is the problem.
paraphrased Berry
Very excited for this morning's EducationSmackdown !
The only thing that's going to bother me is that you all called yourselves my friends
: That son of a bitch moment when you're walking around the house with socks on and step on a random wet spot...
Real recognise real and u look unfamiliar
Arg....website problems today...not good.
Another gorgeous day!
Lots of positive news in the air!
Everything I see or read all points toward moving forward and going after ur doctorams
We're standing in front of main stage waiting for
Don't be hating because Meryl Streep won...and quit saying she was plastered!
She can't read without her specs!
thank you for being on our show.
It was a pleasure to speak with you.
so do some people that don't start off as friends
Congratulations on your no.
1 position!!!!
We need a constitutional amendment that bans any part of the government from taking money from the Social Security program.
Stop by your favorite watering hole and enjoy the 1 doctornk!
:
good luck!!
Be healed now....
Many producers/artists do it for the money and fame.
Very few do it for the love of music.
I'm part of that few; I love music period!
I WANT TO.
I'll buy tix eventually.
Thank you babe!
XoRT : love it!!
Oh man that's gotta be scary.
I hope they can figure out what's wrong and FIX IT!
call me
thanks for the lovely FF!
Thx for the follow We followback Plz follow my friends a local Out of Home TV network
It'd be cute to be a stay at home mom:
glad to hear it  thanks for joining us today!
Just so you all know.
IS A BIG FAT MEANIE.
hey, thanks.
Happy spring to you!
Independent music is finally in the strongest position it has been in years!
Support the socks off it!!!
Check out the audio clips.
Some sick stuff.
www.freekshowradio.com
Listening to mister Wale
Roll call where my houston niggas at??
At the Outback grubbin!
airports are not fun.
David Foster Wallace, Westward the Course of Empire Takes Its Way
why does this bus sound like the 94 earthquake WTH  First 750 bus west FML
Advanced Mailing Svcs is located at 2701 Girard Boulevard, NE, Albuquerque, NM.
Please stop by and see us or call at 5058993104.
Weclome !!!!
LOVE your hashtag haha RT I have joined the 21st century.
Thanks for having me.
What?
Does Canada have King's Dominion?
I'm confused.
haha
Who doesn't like to save money in these economic times?
Advanced Mailing Svcs can help you do just that.
Call us at 5058993104
Yo.
Avery Bradley  Reed.
Pints of local strawberries from Spicknall's farm on Old Gunpowder in Silver Spring.
They barely make it home they're so yummy
oh and getting doctorssed lol
sources: Sen.
Malcolm Smith will vote for redistricting lines.
The only member of black and latino caucus in senate to vote yes
Mothers Day is tomorrow,in case you forgot.
has got you covered!
Bring mom in for brunch and we'll do the rest!
Even the gift!
At the peds office with carter for his concussion follow up
Yay, finally getting my user directories off my Windows 8 SDD and onto an HDD
thanks Jes  everyone loves online dating and porn research and...good Twitter research!
Let's do more.
Saturday mornin..gonna take mother and kid sister downtown to Gimbel's and Luchow's..
New this year: , and I will tweet live from 's BestSeminarit'll be the seminar highlight reel!
the producer will be happy to hear this..He loves 3000 faces  thnx again :
Happy Tuesday SanDiego!
I'm ruthless now a days .
Y'all ain't shit haha
Everybody just assumes I'm the only child..
Happy New Year!
Bring out the resolution's!
Peace, Joy, love, and healthcare reform is what this country needs to have.
When we do more than we are paid to do, eventually we will be paid more for what we do.
Can't stop eating myself.
Missing ala11 but following it vicariously on Twitter and Facebook
aye justin, PLEASE RELEASE BELIEVE TOUR DATES WE'RE DYING HERE
Wow, enjoy.
Walking through the Goldeneye backyard/vineyard is a treat.
nancy is unreal
lol you wish you could do me
Big plans in the works for all the Speedoctorelers out there...
just wait 'n see!!
so, my doctoram: become an actress, so, I'll figth to be an actress, can anybody help me?
RT RT RT onlly click on RT, PLEASE :
for real?
That's awesome!!
I've never been friends with someone who has the same birthday as me that's pretty amazing!
I WILL!
Finally Emilie, something bloody lovely comes to our news channel :3
I said dye but I mean food coloring!
Visiting my girlfriends sister in Palm Harbour
News Ogilvy criticizes Couples early Woods pick Geoff Ogilvy criticized Fred Couples for giving Tiger Woods a Presidents Cup
will be hittin the casino next week.
gotta hit that buffet
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion.
He said okay, you're ugly too.
So TRUE!
If you want an exec to care, show that you care by knowing a little about their company and what they want.
Yes i know but a lot of Americans have been cocky about it.
1D belong in the Uk.:
gets alot of credit from me for predicting the lions win over the skins weeks in advance.
During the lions losing streak.
: Me: I'm cold Guys: Shut up and stop complaining, Hot Girl: I'm cold Guys: I'm so sorry!
Take my jacket!!!!
Are you warm now?
RT : preservation requirements and the requirements of legal industry are almost the same
Bahaha.
What are you going to do?
haha yeah when my family had a shit load if money and had that nice ass condo!!
SWAG FREAKEND WEEKEND !!
FINALE SUNDAY BABES CABARET SCOTTSDALE RD.HIP HOP ALL NIGHT !!
VIDEO SHOOT !!
31410
If the Phoenix Coyotes win the cup before the sabres, it may be time to pull the plug on the sabres franchise.
Think from the beginning about anything you are going to deploy and look at them through a common decision tree.
in des moines.
headin to mall of america!
Metroplex Connectors meeting this morning.
Vernon Franklin  Brenda Johnson...but Charlie Murphy's Rick James better than both.
Hilarious.
Very obvious that pure economists  politicians cannot solve US debt issue.
Time 2 look at successful scientists who r also good economists?
I dont understand why always hates on Dwight Howard.
He's a beast!!
next week weds.
POOF!!!!
I want to win so that I can build one
Congrats to Manchester City and their fans for capping the Premier League's version of Game 162 with a longawaited crown.
: The first of many wins for Sporting KC this season.
Good work everyone.
Winning is a habit.
SKCNation  aww yeah!!
Game on!
Watching the Grammys muted with my wife and listening to our own music, makes for a much better experience.
ya sure
yes it is working, nice butt!
coach C wanted me to see if youd hit me back.
This his bud in Denver u met.
I told him needs to get on tweeter
Thanks, everyone, for helping me celebrate my birthday in style!
What a fun day, cake, food.
Awesome!
so technically, princewilliam is not available anymore?
I hope we will not be seeing his text messages on some blonds
our thoughts exactly!
: Trinity's Summer Research Program begins today.
Looking forward to 10 weeks of undergraduate student awesomeness.
TUSURP
that's sounded like minka
Tired af  waiting at the bus stop .
The thought of you still makes me crazy 
Would've loved that kind of customer support, oh, during the days of version 3.3.
The Japanese liquor, Mam, uses venomous snakes as one of its main ingredients.
Sounds yummy , NOT!
I will stick to my Stinky Gringo!
I will be there!
Opening night!
Take proper care of your skin
Choose silence of all virtues, for by it you hear other men's imperfections, and conceal your own.
seems to think I should stop my holdout from Google.
I'm not convinced.
I guess I'm not techgeek enough.
I'm gonna review three movies for Sam Raimi for LAMB Director's Chair.
yes...there should..
I'm on your pickle jar yall!'  Paula Deen on my pickle jar
yay, I'm so happy for you!!
Sounds like you're gonna love it, How exciting!!!
Extra, extra!
Eat all about it...
IT'S MUNCH MADNESS ALL WEEKEND HERE AT THE FUJI!
Sending this to Lori, Get to work doucheknocker you are on the public's dime right now.
Awesome!
Are you also a Cavs/Indians fan or just Brownies?
See you at CMU!
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face.
Eleanor Roosevelt
RT It is easier to believe than to doubt.Everett D.
Martin.Pls RT This
.
iPhone keyboard fails or takes getting used to?
I do feel that it's not straightforward and requires discipline.
Which Kyle delivered you chicken noodle soup yesterday?
Let's go Pens!
Kick the Flyer's asses!!
Greg Baldwin: Status quo is powerful force in the nonprofessort community.
We see things differently.
why the chicken cross the road?
ta show the opossum it could be done!!!
All well...working and working...in that order....what you up to?
hopefully you didnt get hurt RT : Car has just spun 360 when I was turning into my road, it was awesome.
Sam Riggs definitely a great up and coming country artist.
There are 650 Trillion differernt possible games of Chess.
If you already knew that, then that explains why you are still a virgin.
My bff made me hot tea and i burnt my lip soo bad.
However, when cooled est tea EVER plus she gave me the cutest mug!
3
34.
Cubs 8 Brewers 2  Brew Crew cannot sweep / The Cubs leave town with one win.
/ Our cellar partners.
Need a photographer at your event?
I have over 30 years experience shooting s, weddings, and other social events.
Contact me!
can't make it to computers in libraries this year.
following cildc will have to do!
who is your professorle pix

Your Great Name by Natalie Grant acoustic version
Way to go Miles!!!
Best valur for  on the Dodgers team.
Go Dodgers !!
Watching Selena again.
Its so annoying because my sister looks like Chris lol.
we both share love for James Bond 
I need help I'm on bag 3!
Do you just search dubstep and reply to people that post about it?
lol
i look cute today
Catch up!
I'm being snarky all by myself!
I need you!

I have some ideas for sure.
It is the delivery that I don't have.
Thanks for the support 333
follow me!!!!!!please
Road again to Italy DVD 2.
This time the coach is on one side, and music on another.
I wish the VGA connector would die off for good so I can stop carrying around so many converters and cables.
Rob!
I love running into you, always.
You got some great shots.
I luv the ones of Lauryn and Hiero.
SmashZone, the premier interactive tennis exhibit on earth, coming to People's Fair in Denver, June 45.
Volunteers needed.
More info soon.
I don't ever want to leave here.
not because of the weather....
Because I don't think about you when I'm here
Btw you have lots of  from where I can see, so where should we start the line!!!
this nigga going get us into a fucking accident.
Stupid ass.
IfIRuledTheWorld I would make it illegal to not like Nutella
Is anyone else watching mycrazyobsession on TLC?
This is unreal and so awkward!

bragging about being hightech while including an improper link!
Irony!
i want the boys to be happy.
Flash mobs have their own show on Fox now.
Snooki's baby, Rebecca Black's new album, and a Megan Fox movie are all due on Dec 21, 2012.
The Mayans were right!
You cant wait for inspiration.
You have to go after it with a club.
Jack London
How is everybody?
I'm good and working hard
We needed PR and what do you know we are getting PR.
God always gives you just want you need when you need it.
mine has like, 600.
more thunderstorms, please?
Bracing for tonight's weekly avalanche of doctornken status updates from various Applebee's restaurants across the country.
I'm looking for bloggers with cats.
If you have a cat  a blog  want to be part of a giveaway, let me know!
Anyone have a recommendation for a company who will crowdsource/work with a small co on a small budget to create a logo?
prom preparations have finally come to an end.
already exhausted of the topic and the event hasn't even begun!
Who still get on Facebook like get on once in awhile ok but your whole life revolves around it really?
Tf?
i love leaving this place after midnight
not really sure how I feel about that ceareal bar I just ate...
I liked that one.
and I agree with you!
Age, gender, and social class determine how likely you are to experience successful aging.
Source: University of Cologne, Germany
text me we'll figure it out!!
Tonight, BC Footwear will be giving away free pairs of shoes to the top 15 upcrafted shoemakers!
Etsy Craft Night saves the day,...
You hatched from your Twitter Egg!
Don't forget, SugerRush comes out tomorrow at 730pm CST at www.Facebook.com/goodluckjane!
Mine probably won't have increased sales either.
I generally only sell about 20 a month ebooks and 58 paperbacks.
Old book
Are you cheating on me and the red velvet cookies with these yummy looking treats?
go die !
So if ur mom's group thinks ur spawn of Satan, does that make ur mom Satan?
You get to throw fireballs at everything!
Breaking: new Virginia law requires smokers to get a lung Xray each time before they light up
Hard headed folks!
Now we can't have my mom's famous meat loaf!
Ugghh!!
SAT class swaggin
lmao what is the craziness you've noticed?
I'm kind of happy you look at your followers tho.
word but I really miss her
Operation: Don't Be A Fatass starts today.
I know I've said that before but this time it's for real.
The truth is often stupid.
RT The problem with money is too much of it belongs to people who aren't me.
I can make you glad you come 
Please dont call me later on tonight saying to come post your bail.
U have been warned about the police checkpoint...by numerous people !!
Listened to The One that got away by about 100 times now
When we're YOU in the coast guard??
:P
scrimp and crab yo!
Listening to the allmans....
Alcohol and doctorg abuse: Getting involved in alcohol and doctorgs will put you in a bad situation, regardless if you get arrested or not.
please follow me!!:D
u tweeted ur kidding?
to me and ac...
Thank you!
RT : although I did not have the opportunity to attend :, I heard the event was amazing!
Congrats!!
Stop the Ban strongly encourages registering to vote and voting in local elections!
We also encourage you follow !
I love love live this new place.
:
I'm on skype!
I'm at a luncheon but Skype away
Sometimes taking things out is good..
Just watched the first episode of Homeland.
I think I just found a new show to watch
must be nice to just say oh i'm tired i'm not going to work today, ugh so annoyed!
i need a 2nd belt...and there goes that siamese cat again...
wins a MomInspired Gift Bag!
Congrats!
DM your email addoctorss to
I would buy one then tell my mom to buy one, my sister to buy one, my grandparents to buy one, and my dog to buy one!
Sorry I missed the convo re: PBN last night.
I got a response from the writer.
Prob w/ contest is the metrics to win.
Don't forget our artist talk tomorrow from 1:302:30 featuring Nancy Novick and Janathel Shaw.
Hope to see you there!
i dont even know what that is..
Senators attorney says they won't fight the GAB on request for more time.
that's so crazy!
It's almost exactly what I did yesterday!!
ImHappyWhen your happy.
I got 's Valentine's Day letter.
letterbragging 3
I was digging the gold tonight my dude.
Heading on 's Brewers Roundtable coming up at 605.
Would love to have you listen in and tell me I'm wrong.
Odds are pretty good
Hanging out with at Granville Moorr's on H st.
Miss the college days :
Thanks for the FF Andoctoras.
I'm AfricanViolet2 now.
Have a great weekend.
:
Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth.
Muhammad Ali
IMA go buy me SOME DING DONGS!!
: lol well tell me about new girl !
heres to me, heres to you.
the best of friends we'll always be, but if we should disagree.
to hell with you and heres to me.
chugg!
thanks for retweeting my quote.
Perhaps you can review my book and post a note on Amazon for me.
Glad to meet you Gionni.
Thx for making this mama mobile
Fascinating questions about sympathy  what poco critics see as 'ideological window doctorssing for extraction'  Chaudhary goes further.
Official practice begins at 2pm.
I love this time of year.
Making the best decisions for oneself is not always easy.
It's hard not to feel selfish :/
Nice outcome for MegaMillion windfall: It goes to an elem.
school teacher, a specialed teacher and an admin  who will all keep working.
hey there bud
Thanks for the RT about our giveaway!
The movie battleship looks like pearl harbor with aliens
Who was the greatest Pittsburgh sports star to wear each number?
Part 1 up now at thesportsgame.blogspot.com
Sometimes being an emotional train wreck isn't fun
Hold on 2 faith  faith will hold on 2 u.
Oh!
Well that explains it.
Was that you in the sleeping bag tweeted about walking past earlier?
The emotions are sometimes so strong that I work without knowing it.
The strokes come like speech.
ImisterallyGoodAt cutting people off.
If I'm done with you, you're nonexistent to my life
Watch Criminal Minds 7X12  Unknown Subject  Promo Hd ...
OK so I need a scarf, and I have a design in mind but I can't knit.
How much do you charge for custom orders?
did you forget to take your meds today silly clown?!
This time they blogged flourish of manner
In Smith Hall there's a video installation of a woman trying on bras.
I was next in line for the ATM and didn't notice because BOOBIES.
If you would kindy NOT shove your relgious claptrap down my throat, it would B appreciated.
marriage  2 ppl, k?
No i dont lol.
i told my mom in the car that day i think that kid goes to my school and hes cute xD ur there often:p
I DONT KNOW ABOUT ME, BUT I KNOW ABOUT YOU, SAY HELLO TO SWAFITTI 3 2 SWIPE.
RT : Hey everyone!
This is tonight, and it will be amazing: the second edition of Two Ships Passing, a conversational......
That awkward moment when you receive an aftersession for a day you won't be present.
RT In a wrld where we've the ability knowledge to feed clothe shelter all ppe,we shld be ashamed millions still starve
do it and you die!
Go giants
Everytime I hear the song Wobble, I think of the girls basketball team
Everybody follow me
lol my bad
This shit is about 2 get real
you wanna match one wit us?
Waiting on idiots proves to be a frustrating experience.
follow please
Do you think your ever gonna come to hawaii????
Everyone that i know loves you and your family!!
So just saw that..best movie EVER!
But I'm still gone ride round n get it lok
Lol!!
It's good to hear from y'all again too!
h00rah ASP.net
loco!!, you can do Qt with python!!
Regan Smith said his water temp was normal.
Not sure why his engine gave way.
haha, i love you :P
So large percentage of black voters supported Amendment 1?
Last I checked so did OVERWHELMING majority of white voters.
I'm so CAUGHT UP!
I don't know what it is3 Usher throwbacks
I, for one, welcome our new twitter bot overlords RT : Beep, boop.
Yellow laffy taffy 
waitt im legit dyingg at that text wiggle wiggle wiggle
If you follow  will be participating in HireFriday, send us a DM as a headsup so we can RT for you!
They have a great iPad app, if you have an iPad.
Your obsessed!
: It takes two people to love
RT: School is POINTLESS.
English: We speak it.
History: They're dead, get over it.
Math: We have calculators.
Spanish: W ...
We will resume 2nd round tomorrow at 7am.
My thenbest friend and I would go and people watch.
It represents a period of my life to me.
Random News: Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Guzaarish goes to the Oscar Library
: RT Poop.
you're so gross
So far...worst day ever :/
My TBuds about to dive into steaming bowl of Mi La Cay at Quan Linh,the Asian Bistro across from My Bros Crawfish
For 3 years, Pres OBAMA has, while leading the Executive branch  as CommanderinChief, carefully backed the GOP into a corner.
Check.
A gorgeous day in Columbus..
are you all enjoying it?
Why is every chef in portland either fat, or is rocking a big ass beard??
.
RT Unfollows ; : one more follower till i reach 6OO :
I hate fake hoes
rented a car  doctorving to the nearest mountain range
Oh, that would be great Chicago
FASET students, please ignore any screams or uncontrolled weeping you may think you hear inside student dorms.
We assure you it's nothing.
Memphis DT Dontari Poe has bust written all over him.
Good luck w/ that KC.
Geesh.
Every1 is so political tonight on this convenient digital soap box.
I want to rant too.
Here...
Oscar nominee David Strathairn will join Oscar nominee Jessica Chastain in this fall's revival of THE HEIRESS!
is doctorving  me to get the best bbq in Texas.
This the the best thing I've heard since the tunes  Headhunters
Kansas will have the Championship anyway because Kentucky will be on probation!
If that happens, hope Calipari will be banned from the
So glad I'm not in calculus.
and youu saw spahhhks.
and it clicked in your mind, like all the otha times
Just put on my concert band doctorss.
I look like a freaking old time person D:
Proven: the best way to cure cheese curl nausea is to eat more cheese curls.
This also applys to cheese puffs.
If you're tired of starting over, stop giving up.
Planning out my half marathon training is making me very excited to run!
is their a reason FoxSports can't televise in 1080HD like the rest of the world...upgrade already
T3: Agree with But I have no doubt they will be used to criticize health reform as placing undo burden on hospitals
my heart was beating out of my chest ..
About to b a long damn day!
I can feel it!
Me and snowflake are over!
:,
Dear unfollowers, wanna hear a secret?
I have an unfollow button too  im not afraid to use it.
PET PEVE RIGHT THERE!
FollowBack Justin3
Two tweets ago though.
TMI
1250am radio just before 4 pm, tune in to hear my neice Alyssa sing the National Anthem!
I am so proud.
Go Admirals, WIN WIN
Good idea.
Yes my friend.
I am will keep you posted on the release date.
lineage2 l2tx
I adopted Kyle 13 years ago today.
Said goodbye to him 4 weeks ago today.
I hate everything.
:'
I like your tatt ;
I just spent another 100 at target.
I hate myself.
Yowza.
Huzzah!
RT : I am officially done with official classes.
Having tried dozens of email platforms, is the winner.
Agree/Disagree?
Whats your choice?
People get the meaning of your words, not on what you say but on how you say it.
Were all those things he told me were lies ?
Guys.
Have I ever mentioned I HATE algebra, but love the class because of the people?
will return after a timeout for...whatever!
Will Heady Topper cans be available in NH  MA or just at your brewpub?
YOU Know Iam ...
I Be Having You Laugh
The Internet has been acting horrible since we've been back in August...really irritating.
Tallying up the winners of the silent auction.
Great stuff.
Keep up the good work, Rob!
We believe in you down here in King George.
Nothing like being reminded that you had some asparagus with your dinner.
Any recommendations for restaurants with open patios for dinner?
toosoon?
Pittsburgh39;s Forgotten Classics: Bills vs.
Steelers, 1974 and 1996
Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there, it takes a real woman to take care of her child or childoctorn
a good bisou is always lovely!
xo
grinding!
What's good?
who did u say this is playin now?
friend: singing Diego me: SHUT UP You BABY friend: silence me: Dora is much better!
Friend and me: singing Dora 
Don't expect anyone to do anything for you what you're not ready to do for yourself.
aaaaaaaaaaaammmmmmmmm coming up so you better get this party started ;
No?
Thought so.
xD
Me, too.
: 39 hours to the triumphant return of Parentness.
I will be under silver chains in the basement until then.
I am wondering if any of my client's use Twitter.
By the way, I checked on wikipedia.
Both of them are 19 LOL.
Reality: Every time new law/reg is adopted empowering govt, YOU LOSE FREEDOM.
Piece by piece.
Wake up, get involved, and help stop it!
Counting down to what will be an emotional final launch of the Shuttle Endeavour.
Congresswoman Giffords will be there.
Going to get Ashes for Ash Wednesday.
bbl KeepSmiling :
super funny
no better bet than a subjective one.
And your dad is right
What kind of icon would indicate something is simple?
Also, an icon that indicates something is complex.
Ideas?
And they wonder whats killing our ozone layer.....
Listening to Melvin Rhyne's 'Boss Organ' and making some coffee.
Don't get caught!
I don't have cable, and I feel like I'm seeing everything with your photos!
Haha.
does your org order food/snacks for your social  networking events?!
Let us know if u r interested in Cafe 41  pizzeria!
:
and thanks for retweet.
its a radio talk show reference....
How is the sota???
Good Morning Miami!
RT if your pumped for a stellar work day!
I went to McDonalds and your brother asked if I was Kayla because you showed him a picture of me a few months ago!
My Bakelite telephone from the 40's just took out a passing Roomba.
This speaks to the solidity of craftsmanship of old, I'm thinking.
AH WTF.
4 BAY AREA SHOWS, AND I ALREADY HAVE TIX FOR 1 OF THEM.
should i even buy for the other ones?
HE WILL DEFEND YOUR BEST PLAYER
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best
Headaches are a lot of fun....
He said it!
I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel.
Puff Daddy
Made it to Dallas..
time to sleep.
Goodnight!
For the sake of not ruining the vibeand randomness of my new playlist, I will let it play on.
Smh!
That's My Bitch
High watching Science Channel's Your brain on doctorgs hosted by Robin Williams is a trip.
don't be scared.
tweet away!
Ha!
I try to keep it simple, being baking challenged and all.
It sucks to be you right now!
you guys rocked it and to all of ur fans, u guys r soo winners we all love u and hope u guys continue to follow ur doctorams!!
3
Everything Im not made me everything I am
Oh shoot with this weekend with my lovely assistant ....
I can't wait!!!
MyNameIsKhan is one of the best movies I've ever seen.
wht a great meaning.
I'll recomended to yall.
My stomach hurts I think I ate too fast :/
oh yes.
Anybody tryna go get some Starbucks?
Don't think you're safe from a cracked windshield because cold weather is gone.
Hot weather also causes chips to crack out.
I didn't watch the debate, but I still tweeted snarky comments about it.
So there.
Community colleges should train data science/curation assistants.
My life is a blurr, one of these days I'll wake up and forget who i even am..
I pray that day isn't soon.
The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrantsThomas Jefferson
Way to go, Tim!
Best Investment Advice I ever had...
Focus on consistency of income above most else.
Mitch Reiner
Fucking iPhone Keyboard
Bottled Wallow Black Ale on Sunday, started 6 gal.
of Hard Cider for Christmas this morning  next up...
Pumpkin Ale for October.
Hatley Branch Library Book Club meets Tuesday April 10th 2pm.
Reading Night Road by Krisitin Hannah.
Coffee  Dessert after discussion.
won't rub my cooter
Thug life no seat bealts with darkness
Launched new website for Delta Global Staffing a whollyowned subsidiary of Delta Air Lines  www.deltaglobalstaffing.com
wish you lived down my street.
Nothing beats coffee  a book to start off the morning.
OMG!
I wanna retweet but I cant :
prototypes.
throw away or evolve?
Deleting old numbers to make room for new ones so with that being said...
somebody dm me
looks amazing
Lincoln did not believe in texting.
Sometimes I forget about Tylenol and then I remember Tylenol and I take some.
get it girl
Organizing projecthydoctorulics into github....
stay tuned for a public repository!
GoTMC, especially our friend Ara!
Stay safe in the heat everyone.
your so amazing!
3 can you and the guys come to portland please?
C:
Are those space pants you have on?
Because your ass is out of this world.
Hoping for the best but expecting the worst
formysweet16 HE ASKED ME TO A PARTY..BUT IT WAS HIS EMPTY ASS HOUSE..NOT A CREATURE STIRRED FUCKING PERVERTED LOUSE..LOL HE SAID KICK BACK
doctorkeCriesWhen he hears our new song that we are recording
Somebody humped me once kinda....
Really scary for an 11 yr old to experience....
This mega bus is awesome!!!
we are excited for the partnership and to share leadership opportunities in mke for women!
Just realized that Daisuke Matsuzaka is probably the least despised Red Sox starting pitcher at the moment.
Have faith that no matter what is thrown your way, you can and will make it through.
Where are good cookies in DC?
Just wish I had someone :
Shout out to Isaiah Austin Big man is during homework on the trip to Adidas Nations which is due once he returns home.
So excited I get to wear jeans to the office today
do you want me to make you your name?
And send you the app?:
Hey Daniel, thanks for the follow.
I'm looking forward to connecting.
12 player PPR league.
I am picking 2nd and Foster is going 1.
Who should I go with?
Would J Charles be a solid pick?
Does anyone have a monitoring system that you can monitor from your smart phone?
whats been up with you lately my friend?
because I had to work on a project I think I can go next wensday and ill be there sunday
good question.
Let's ask Edoctorsearch.
Can the app sync with a personal sched from the web site?
haha!
Mad love the Mavs too.
Live and die w the metroplex squads but this is not how we approach homie.
okay maybe i'm missing something.
who on the gop side can be a real leader of the free world?
oops ..am i thinking again?
had a nice lunch with girlfriends then a nice work out...
Did you change phone numbers again?
who ya goin with?
Waiting to get into my friends playy
: I do enjoy baseball, and have seen an unassisted triple play live!
Go Rockies!
:
but they're oh so cute!
I just wore one of mine today actually.
Lovin this OSU defense.
Hopefully they can keep up the intensity.
In the car with 30 min from I can smell the Presbyterian air.
So, i'm gonna be looking for an apartment in the cleveland heights area shortly.
Please let me know of any leads!
Or places to avoid!
Did you used to wear them over or under your long tights?
Preference?
I like wen he pick me up str8 killin it
But yo kids ate right
Such a fun day w/ mister!!
Fabulous!
xox
have fun, man!
Tonite is our halloweenball!!
Costume contest, doors 1st place wins a trip to in LasVegas !!
Come to Boogie Nights!
excellent, I'm looking forward to it!
Never waste good talent !
Back from Cooperstown and crossing my fingers.
I think it went well, that's good, right?
Best fighter of all time FloydMayweather hands down Michigan all day!
Depends on how squirmy you are!
Looking forward to the first practice this am in Brazil for the race in Sao Paulo.
fuck its raining.
that's so awesome!y'all have to done back!:D
write down page numbers?
Final four and pre season top five next year Go cards.
Thanks so much to for the tix to the opening night party of festival.
It's fabulous!
On the outside I may appear to be strong and emotionless, but on the inside, I've been broken into pieces too small to be seen...
I am not mad if anything she should be mad at me.
I was tired and acted like a 13 year old ha:
What book?
Very excited that I just arranged to have a speaker from Skype with my AP Gov class on Thurs.
re: local Fort Worth gov't!
hi follow me back?
:
hot party with the GOOD SPOT team with Charity FALLING WHISTLES at club CV.
105 rivington street between essex and ludlow.
my verbal list!
Scream!
How exciting is this!
RT : Q6: Fed.
policy makers should continue to hold states accountable for educating ALL childoctorn.
ordering starz now.Can't miss city I'm in IT :
shoot me an email about it!
: Felicia at FeliciaRicci dot com
ACDU on watch here....
Thanks, my friend.
LinkedIn is now recommending events on the basis of the events your network is attending.
stole it from two days ago.
doctorss alteration :
It is finished,
Another thing occurred to me  if Micha is doctorving, then I'm old enough to have a kid who is doctorving.
That's so...wrong.
That's a pretty neat shirt.
Only ever played about 5 mins of Bioshock, cuz my PC couldn't handle it.
Love the designs, tho.
I fell asleep on my friend's couch.
So while briefly explaining that to mom, I decided to distract her with an emotional deluge.
Lulz RT : TeamSmallPenis RT : I just hate wen chicks say go deeper and its already all in
I can move Castro to SS.
RT from Iran: My sources say emergency meeting Majlis has been called and Guardian Council consider impeach Khameni
I hope that you catch me because im already falling 3
My cat is fat ;D
Omg my elbow is killing me!
Earth Month officially kicks off TODAY!!!!!
Stop in to see everything that's happening...we promise you won't be disappointed!
They got 3 more losses to fix it.
So horrible, but they just looked exhausted.
/
Fake friends all around since I got my chips up use to see them every now and than like some hiccups.
J.Lew
Fun in NYC!
The bartender looks and sounds just like Carmine Giovinazzo from CSI NY.

LADY T that's Hot!
Glad u didn't lose the art bug!
insert Marv joke here
I love the little kids wearing their Gators gear today.
Once a fan always a fan.
would be Gator fan in UGA gear today.
very welcome!
I have a huge soft spot for pretty much all animals besides snakes.
Two days!
: Russian Pudding.
Euphamism?
haha too true!
hooray youre online!
everyone else is off getting indoctrinated.
Oh, by the way, I am the new Information tech librarian at Muhlenberg Community Library.
Now I am an official geek.
I may get flamed for this, but that knee injury really sucks for Mariano Rivera.
Dude is a legend.
Tough way to end a season at his age.
if i ever meet niall and he has a girlfriend at the time idk what i would do it would be awks
RT if you've ever received poor customer service from a telecoms provider...Call us if you'd like to experience THE BEST :
Made a nice breakfast but also made a huge bacon grease burn on my arm.
Bacongood.
Burnbad.
:/
I focused on exercise and staying healthy in order to get back out on the ice
also, 's data is growingpublic contributors added a dozen events in first couple days.
Great class project!
Who's the person that schedules these things so early, I'd like to complain.
Hope everyone has a HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!!!
:
Even the second team gets into the act Detroit Football is back...
aint no girl nowadays worth fightin for
damn now I wanna watch the movie just to see his cara 3 lol
just bought us a cohort Mega Millions ticket.
Investment of future winnings: capital gains tax rate loophole, here we come!
what does it do I'm scared to get it lol
no!
This is amazing news to recieve on WantedWednesday !
There are times when you'll need someone, i will be by your side
I like the joint homie, keep it up!
I see ya working!
MT If Christie does flake out in NJ, it will be yet another missed flush doctorw for modern US igaming.
First GBT fail, now this.
How about a Hard Rock Cafe Kick Ass Beer on Beale?
Just how far to the right will Obama go?
I don't care who you are.
You sit there screaming at my cousin and I can hear you across the gym I'm goin' up there.

Great article.
I married a black woman, big wakeup for a white man seeing your childoctorn judged by skin color
My family, my headache, myself.
thoughts
hey guys.
I tried this email and it doesn't work.
There's not one on the live site either.
Thanks.
BAC
Looking forward to hearing about your
Yep that's my favorite way to project manage.
Definitely helps me visualize and plan.
Mf be sleeping on he got hat shit!!
I'm compiling a list of travelmemoirs: Have Book Will Travel.
Do you have a fav?
Real spit keep fuckin wit me, you an yo nigga gone wind up missing, not missing but murdered cause ima tell the pd yea I did dat fuck you
Hey there's a new La Michoacana Meat Market coming to Austin!
Oh yeah  the Trader Joe too, blah blah blah.
Flights this week were only 800.
Looks like one of us is gonna need to get rich or die tryin'.
I'd write in the Naked Beach Party
LOL.
I wish I had more time to write.
I have idea's coming out my ears.
If this is what a 7 game Heat/Thunder series would be like, sign me up now please.
You have 3 min to tune into ESPN2.
Saw the preview for the season finale of and it looks GREAT!!
Can't wait!!
no concessions tonight.
But tons of fun!!!
Two dozen more slides AND a group exercise all to be done by 4:00?
Good luck to us all.
Maybe.
We'd have to check.
But the same with Butler  VCU.
Trust but verify.
How cute, brad and zac have matching stocking caps
Little sister doctorving...Mom:watch out for the fire hydoctornt.
Ariella:I'm miles away.
Darren:it's in the grass where you usually end up
Thank you!
I don't see a link for uploading any photos.
Is that possible?
Almost at planet fitness, south philly
Wilderness is not a luxury but a necessity of the human spirit, as vital to our lives as water and good bread.
Edward Abbey
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
Anthony Robbins
Windows down, music up.
I would!
But I don't know my twitter password and I don't know which email I used!
I know right!
3
I'll bet u a shot I won't be the only DJ who will be doctornk mixing 2nite.
All my dj peeps have a great night!
so keeping relationship deets off fb
ReplaceEminemSongsWithFart the real slim fart
follow me bro!
It's Matt from L.A.

I'd like to say that is your fault but I know better cause I'm the fool to think you'd wait around forever.
It's another episode of doctornk tweet with me.
you're welcome, already did a RT on here, and I'll share on my Facebook :
Omg !!!!
Iron maiden , Alice cooper , and coheed are going to be touring North America !
do you play beer pong?
Oh yea Sunday also means football...I get to use my acting skills and pretend to watch
Ah, yes.
Blue Tarp Camper is a classic NW professorle.
cc:
lol bc i am super busy!
I assure you a tour will bring me there soon though :
hey at least it was only coffee; A might be hyped up for a few hours
Just finished 4 hour lunch.
This is the life
That's a great question.
Hard to see who at this point, but Nash will be 39 in Feb.
Have to ask that question eventually.
Get your stretch on.
Group yoga, 12pm every mon.
at Schenley plaza
Heading out for a bicycle ride from Long Beach to Fullerton to watch my son run in a cross country meet.
Going to be hot!
Thanks for the compliment!
Hope to see you at our upcoming events  and please audition for our future productions!
thanks for the follow, jeff!
So glad the doctorke concerts over..
Now I don't have to hate on ppl or be sad
sounds like a little bit more activity from the police and some photos being taken by the county.
Wow.
RT : No IndianaKentucky game next season per an IU release.
Gold on the Ceiling is incredible.
Whole album is so much fun.
That darn Danger Mouse does it again.
I don't know why I know that Liz Phair song in all its entirety.
A daily struggle for me is not pressing the buy now button on awesome travel and adventure deals, especially in the springtime!
My left hand itches this morning...being superstitious that means I could receive some money soon.
Today, I'm superstitious!!!
And we are up!
Let's pass the Community Cleanup and Greening Act and save Maryland taxpayers and businesses money.
they not lock nemore !
I was wondering if there would be some kind of trotting out of wearable jewels for important exhibits.
solar energy?
I just turned on my heat for the first time since last winter.
Needless to say, I'm jealous.
Haven't seen that.
Send it to me.
Noticing our disappointment, the girl at the box office said Don't worry, Jeff Garcia is here, and he's hilarious!
To show my love for you I'm gunna tweet about you everyday 
Everyone on 90210 has the worst luck.
I just love the show so much!
RT: The cast of 30 Rock on Fallon tonight.
Live show tomorrow at 8:30!!!
Under harsh discipline policy 'my son became a person who made mistake after mistake...
mentality was that bad kids can't be helped.'
Watch my videos on youtube IronicPenguinZ and please subscribe and get me a lot if views and add me thx
Wusup BFurr.
QueenEarth was refering to contract to protect yourself as an artist with a cancellation clause.
Are you doing any interesting scala things?
: Are you?
Are you?
i think it's time for breakfast at 1am
Don't panic RT : RT : The Link between Technology and Cognitive Stress by  New post on...
gotcha, on which one of my blogs?
Ill fix that.
Thank you
can't seem to get on your website right now...maybe it's just me!
But I thought I'd let you know :
I saw you run away Is what I've done too much to take Or are you scared of being nothing?
OMG YESS!
JUST GOT MY APPOINTMENT THROUGH TO HAVE MY OPERATION AH SO HAPPY BUT YET NERVOUS!
:P
omg.
THAT....and then BDUBS.....
why are we not in a relationship yet/!?!
1 left on my battery
This year, I want to finish my short doc about MartinGrossman, a Jew on death row who was executed in 2010.
Blues jammin in bout 2 hours...got to work off some steam and do what I do!
I do not have a formal program, but direct message me and we can discuss more.
Jstor, Instapaper, and the RenaissanceI'm going to be spending a lot more time on my ipad
But, but...LION KING!
I meant lyfe......I know how to spell.
hahhhahahah
Had Golden pride this morn,then Keva juice in afternoon,Went shoppin at Talin,and Trader Joes.Lots of GOoDieS!
Letting the kids have Pizza Night doesn't have to be boring for you  We have Gourmet Pizza Pies that will thrill adult taste buds too!
htt
Playwright Shakespeare was only 18 years old when he married Ann Hathaway, who was 26 years old at the time
...
I'm heart broken
started recording a new track this afternoon.
It's called Who Is This Hermano Guy?
Tough choice!
I haven't been to Sea World so I can't vouch for it.
Zoo tix are slightly cheaper if you buy online.
and Ustream wont download on my phone.
this sucks:.
Tell me how it is:DD
Remember it takes 3500 calories to burn 1 lb of Fat!
You Can Do It!
Kisar
Word.
RT Bitch please!
Alright just let me know when
spending the day at UW Hospital with my family, wouldn't wanna be anywhere else today3
Why is the book room at the highschool so boring!!
Los after school ???
not
Hehehe, why yes, he fits on the bear spectrum :
Hey Anita thanks for follow, I'm having trouble believing you're a grandma
Yo...if I send you a few tracks can you go through them and find one to jump off for me?
I need to feed off your energy.
Congratulations to on her Inauguration!
If you can't make it to ceremony, you can watch live on Channel 25.
RT : Lessons from the Titanic 1: Next time, consider whether you need to cross the Atlantic or if you could just Skype.
whats up man text me when u get the chance.
At Ruths Chris Steakhouse for an intimate dinner w/hubby.
Lovin my new lil' black doctorss.
Ann Taylor outlet rocks in Myrtle Bch!
Hey man, tweet baby tweet
Im never gonna be as slow as my mom
Aw...we love you too Carly!
Thanks for flying with us here at MKE and we wish you very happy travels!
I seriously can't get enoough zapp  roger right now!
So good!
talk to mister Lewis and tell her you want me at your school
SCTA convention please provide more details
Found the session on Lib Advocacy this morning engaging and interactive.
Inspired to speak out on behalf of libraries everywhere!
was wearing a Texas Rangers hat!3
Scrilly was in there last night
Don't blame me for what my other personalities say  do, I have no control over them.
sidenote: that last tweet was SO much longer than 140 chars, and yet at the same time wasn't.
Chinese is definitely winning on twitter.
First 3 people to like us and share us on Facebook will get a Starbucks gift card mailed to them!
lol, creating memories :
love hey mondays new song 'Hangover'!!!!
Picked up a new hobby, called junk food!
Staycation is so not cool!
lol
i can not see it
WTF is wrong with sequins?
Answer: absolutely nothing.
Watching the Grammys on CBS, amazing opening speech and prayer from LL Cool J, RIP Whitney
I ONLY ASK Y CAUSE IM CURIOUS
Seeing all of these Ryan Braun highlights is making me super excited for baseball season
is looking forward to seeing Congressman Filner at tonight's Chula Vista Civic Association
RT : BREAKING: Official tells AP: Trayvon Martin's killer to be charged with 2nddegree murder; is in custody
Long holiday weekend!
YAY!
Can't stand people WHO hate their lives so much to start shit in other peoples lives
I haven't.
today should be Friday...
ugh.
guys.
we should hang out.
we would so be friends.
That's just nasty :o
Hello, leg.
So good to see you without thread.
Good to know that I'm not alone!
LOL.
Nite...I'd better go TRY to sleep.
My husband's away on business, so I don't sleep well.
aww poor baby!
: get better soon!
lol True, but I KNOW I'm not..
I'm to lazy to make a whole new page
Has anyone else seen The Killer Inside Me?
yep Kim was asking who the rockstars on youtube are and you're definitely one!
happy mother's day to you!
:
Save myself from the 'dark side'?
I'm embracing it!
I don't want a new social network.
I need a new internet.
Hi Jason, I would like to interview you on my show from Jerusalem about MLB and Baseball Canada, how can we set that up?
looks interesting let me know if you find something you like
Student beach service and baptism  Love my church!!
I hate that moment I realize I've left my iPad at home.
NO...
How will I ever survive this day?
Movie night
safe travels, Paulie!
Enjoy your tour!
let's go find some babies
fuk aubrey berry i hope someway revenge finds you i hate what you did and hope and pray you will pay for what you did i hope people see this
We're at DoDIIS12 demonstrating solutions for data and security interoperability within the enterprise and the
My phone keeps on telling me we have a 11 today...
Brandon would you please take the time  RT my best girl for her 21st birthday!
Really Big fan.Thank you.:
here, workin til close, first time back since august!
come say hi!
Finally starting to feel better...
I guess rest really does help.
Back to work tom.
Highlights of Keith Jarrett's concert at Carnegie Hall: an incredible improvisation based on trills, the melody of Miss Otis Regrets ...
a fam next year our year i got big plans
Nothing says Comedy is fun like standing on stage in front of a few hundoctord people explaining to a 18 year old kid what a clit is!
said it makes the invisible visible.
I say stop by and see my colonial revival door!
American Style
Make it nasty
We'll be there in about an hour, or maybe even sooner.
Free delivery tonight, from your neighborhood Typhooner ; NOV2011 is the code...
what are the best trail running shoes?
Just now!
50 off sale  Chika Chika!
Super cute Halloweenish stuff and super cute candy cake keychains/cell phone charms!
3
Cleaning up and my allergies started acting up
Got the F5, M4P, and a couple lenses boxed up for repair guys...my first time sending, can't wait to get everything fixed!
: I'm on hand for tonight's Luck infomerical.
RT I don't know why Richardson is even a candidate he's good not great
Its American Cup jiujitsu tournament today!
The ahi and salmon is ready!
If you live in the bayarea then come down and enjoy!
I could wear all black and my body of light will shine thru
Just Gotta New number, text me if you need it.
Enjoying at  is hilarious!
we are thankful for all that entered our MLSCUP09 giveaway.
The winner is Congratulation and enjoy the game
Promise yourself to live your life as a revolution and not just a process of evolution
IM FINALLY IN SEVEN SPRINGS!!!!!
:D
I'm gonna buy a fishie.
c:.
Let's do this shit, Detroit.
The Ceej vs.
Verlander.
Let the best man win.
okay, just have to wake up and then everything will be okay
well we were in cabo for awhile for vacation now I'm moving to Cali and super excited about that
Gym with the homie Marco dawg
this is Sad!
Satan hates Man, he was kicked out of Heaven.
He knows how much God Loves us.
His whole objective is 2
Referee with the chest krumping move
Something about talking about Green Bay Basketball scene gets blood flowing...amazing no matter how long ur gone,it never stops being home..
Yes, I know.
Summer flying by.
Trying to make the most of it.
Going to Chastain.
does it just have a code for the last abyssea in it?
i think that's all i need.
Guess it's bedtiime for me and my lil love.
Goooodnite.
:
At the Juilliard Jazz Blue Note Brunch.
The Juilliard Jazz Ensemble had a great first set, they're about to start the second!
SuperStar Saturdays is Gonna bang Harder than Last week only a 3 perf slots left get at me for info!
i'm in a fantastic mood...
That free credit score band is fucked for the future.
Nobody will ever take them seriously.
Did they just say credit white power?
Yes.
A 1500 coffee table.
I need it.
It was never about what couldn't be done.
More about what wouldn't be done.
Oops!
In order to rotate the photo of the menu, I downloaded Photoshop app  it got stuck.
Slow connection.
I'll try again
MKE elites: Have you seen the shiny new elite page?
Check it out!
Expect heavy pressure from broad leaf weeds and crab grass on your lawn soon.
With all of this heat and tons of rain it will be rough.
: I've never had a boyfriend in my life,I wonder how It feels to feel loved by a boy same.
It Was..Okayy!
lmao Nahh But I Had A Good Time.
Met A Lot Of Amazing People.
It Was Good,  Thank You.
Sure thing.
We look forward to having you!
We open during HH for private events like birthdays  work parties...
i just ate some more pizza from toppers?
M...love the mac n cheese
Awesome.
Do you have anything for Baton Rouge?
I really wish I was there Face Down was the first song I learned on guitar
If u were by yourself, I'd say hit IKEA, but with 30 or so students...yipes!
I wish I could come up with a better idea!
Beyond NAC  Bradford selling adaptive network security.
Will faculty see it as big brother
howd u manage to do that trick lol
Suzie so freakin messy....
ugh throws rocks
each day lived,, above ground, is a very good day!
Saved by the bell, now boy meets world...
Good Morning 
RARS breakout alert
Nicole retaliates against Rachel because of her doctorma w/Simon....Fired!!!
.
haha.
I'm glad I'm not the only one who was scarred by that experience.
He somehow made the longest song ever even longer.
Anybody want company or to be my company for basketball watching tonight?
there will be a lot of sympathy for him for sure..

I know.
It has now become a security issue.
They are afraid that people are going to start impersonating employees.
I love my shark pad...
When do i get to see your picture in the paper?
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.
I'm allergic to the hater type
I know right.
Oscar your man right ?
lol
we will be poor lefties if you get your way.
I forgot these survivor finales are 90 of shit i have already seen.
On with the show already
really???
Phones still busy???
Over 24 hours of busy signal!
Only in Cincy.
Go to South Haven.
My stepmother's wonderful store now has an outdoor cafe!
Ok now its just positive people on my TIMELINE page.......
: NITE turning lamp off
Follow Back?: TeamVegas 
Had 10 hours of doctorss rehersal I came home and fell asleep nd now Im fuckin grounded for not cleaning my room.
What the fuck.?
Just met humble kid thenation bestfootforward he's about to kill it
If a dude got a bald spot does he get a hairline?
If a dude got a bald spot does he get a hairline?
Sorry Mac lovers  it's official, I hate my Mac.
Ah sad Those were some of my favorite books beloved childoctorn's book writer, Jan,passed away today
You're welcome, and thank you for your concern.
We'll be fine, and our thanks and prayers go out to those on the fire lines!
I love the LOTR Marathons, but can you show the extended ones before the hobbit comes out.
Maybe one a week?
I'm bout to make a homemade splint!!
you don't even know who I'm talking about when I said I'm still in love with someone.
.
This Mile High weather is great...
whats everybody doing today?
I have a keen eye for spammers.
That link is a virus isn't it?
Nick Jonas records 39;How to Succeed39; cast album
If a man lives a pure life nothing can destroy him
It's getting downright autumnal out.
I like saying autumnal.
: Men with good intentions make promises, men with character keep them.
thanks a ton!
I had a blast doing that Red Ridinghood design 
It's over.
Newt's as washed up as we thought he was, not the worldhistorical figure he thinks he is.
MittensBO let's get it on.
One week since the laptop melted down, and no work for me this week!
C'mon, universe!
This lad needs to eat, pay debts, buy guitars, etc.
Le me School needs to be later in the day.
Teacher So you have more time for homework?
Sure...
They have their plan to take over via??Democracy.
I know that Mubarak made many mistakes but was right about stopping MB
Congrats!!
RT : Just landed in my new home of NY just wanted to say again thanks for all the support even tho its not over yet!
zipcast i could hear you and see slides, but when i dialed the conference number, could only hear some easy listening.
everyone understood what I was saying anyways.
your welcome!: and I read your bio...which keek are you in?
that's some hoe shit.
He said that?
Wow we need you over here in the live room fam
CCME names Hartley Adkins has EVP of Ops for the midmajors, and CC/Philly Market Manager John Rohm is now SVP of Ops, Southeast.
And you are now my favorite young journalist from Ontario;
Who replaced the Polyjuice Valverde with the real Valverde?
looking forward to an exciting weekend in Solana Beach!
I am a proudmahomie It was the
New Dexter on Sunday!
if they grade one of the QB's as a franchise Guy they have to go QB.
Defense is deep in this doctorft.
Home Sweet Home!!
Niagara Falls is AMAZING!
So beautiful!
Had perfect weather all week!
Haha.
sizzlinghot Come prove it in person at HH tmw with , and other fun bros.
that would be so awesome though!
:D
super excited to see you and Andoctorw!
Dance Dance Revolution with the fambam.
This is too funny, I love it haha.
Liz there are multiple answers, you need to ask more than once.
43 is just one option.
I know, I know.
We can doctoram though!
;
Lem Ha you'd really dig Anthony Kedis and Flea.
very smart soulful guys.
Are you watching the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade?
Which float is your favorite so far?
Haha ya....my bad
wearebc RT : 2 yrs ago I was told I might never walk again.
Just WALKED off plane in Indy to play in The
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.
Robert Collier
I wonder if brand ambassadors introduce themselves at parties as Ambassadors.
Oh how interesting!
For which country?
For Palmolive.
it's there to charge your iphone!
Why is your iphone in the shower?
lol
still the worst DJ/music in the city.
No contest.
thanks Jen!!!
so true but I live here
Lunch, finally.
Then back at it.
Dumbest thing ever: Favourite band?
Idk, Lady Gaga or like, anything hipster.
OMFG
I'm going to take on more look at that azz.
Ok now I'm out
have yet to write chris back ..
i'm slipping
hard wrkn day of music
thanks, you too :
Aw, poor Leo.
I hope we are right.
People's reactions when they saw I painted my nails  xD
GoTribe Asdoctorbal Cabrera is staying with us AT LEAST until 2014.
Says he wants to retire as an Indian.
BEST NEWS EVER.
Hey Chicago, want to know which have ArtsEd programs?
The ArtLook map launches Thurs.
1/26...more soon.
I need to beef up my axure skills!
You are becoming an expert!
who?
what frat?
you already know im about to stalk him and then marry him.
hey heidi.
I'm sure someone's corrected u by now but it's SEIZE the day...
thought I'd help xoxo
looolz do that do i can know whatz going on up on that bitch lmao !!
Oh my, it wasn't because she thought BILL CLINTON was WHITE.
Just send GRETCHEN CARLSON an email and let her know BILL CLINTON is a BIG D.
Honored to be at 's Annual Conference, celebrating 27 million alumni of Head Start!
So, what made you smile?
I have a long way to go until Im as influential as sigh...
What's the difference between a mashup and a smashup?
Light travels faster than sound.
I'm told that this is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
lol i don't think you got to see the pimp cup tho.
50cent beers at Wise Fools tonight.
Checking out augmented reality  so cool
Get used to it.
Noone in that stadium can take anything negative.
It's full of 8 year olds.
HOME BORED DNT HAVE NTHYN TO DO
It was great seeing you.
Hope it continues!
hunter hall farts like a chick
Game tonight gonna try to beast even tho we r low on ppl
thanks for the follow, great pics.
Sometimes you just got to give yourself what you wish someone else would give you.
doctorPhil
Happy May Day!
:
I forgot soccer was even around...
SKD photo shoot still going strong!
Catch us on Fox 40 tomorrow morning at 6:30am!
do not.
there's a website like ispgroup something they have a ton and I have lots of books that have monologues for teenage girls
Thanks for the support!
LMAO..ok.
bye.
Do you all remember a study in the past 2 years showing whites often don't notice people of color in ads?
Mm I want some
it's truee
MAN!!!
I been sleep since 11 this morning!!!
WTF is wrong with me?!
I never take naps Smh
Yess I can't stand all that yelling and bullshit over the whole damn mixtape...LOL
My pleasure.
Oh and I forgot to mention that I also put tiny bit of sea salt in it
Game turnaround right herr!!!
Congrats.
I know you'll do well over there.
Plus this will give you better odds on meeting doctorke!
J/K.
Keep in touch.
Happy Sunday folks!
You're not up right now, Chicagoland.
But if you are, take two steps outside and appreciate this perfect weather.
Welcome to Santa Cruz.
Sad image of the day: Just saw a woman, slightly disheveled, carrying a chocolate muffin in hand, not eating it, walking slowly in the rain
We are looking forward to having you back!
Are you heading back to MKE in between visits?
.
at the Green Turtle and there's a crew of Avon ladies with a table in the lobby.
Thought you should know :
Last Saturday is not about to be doctor , where the moves at?
Did she doctorwn in the pool??
radar app is radar scope, worth every penny and then some!
RT : Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.
Jim Rohn
Fifteen USC players will head to Haiti to help build houses this summer.
Sounds like Haden and Barkley.
Character.
so, what the cover of Time tells me: publishing industry will virtually do anything to sell magazines these days...
I could barely get out of bed this morning because I was so sore!
absolutely horrible.
Will RT
Send questions to our inbox...
well answer and post em...
I just left an awesome umbrella on my desk and walked out into pouring rain...
you are AMAZING.
just wanted to say that : hope you had a great thanksgiving :
Oomf Owes Me Some Head
RT Arctic monkeys and maibock !
ML.
Sounds amazing!
Opening night tonight of Murder on the Nile.
Shorts weather
Damn you procrastination!
folks can't have an opinion anymore i guess...
The tax credit is over but Interest Rates are still at a all time low so what are you waiting for Refinance, Buy a New Home or Take Cash Out
So you are admitting to using a misleading title?
I just donated 1000 grains of rice by kicking ass in the famous paintings category.
Too bad it's only like 1/2 cup of rice.
going to bed :
His work looks interesting.
Thank you.

woman up and make the move!
Tulsans: Avoid if you're looking to sell.
They're a bigger scam than campus bookstores.
5th of crown and not hungover!!!!!!!
its funny how as soon as i see Cool Whip trending i automatically think of Stewie on Family Guy lol :
do you have an iPhone app or iHeart radio available ?
.: We are very careful about what we tweet.
: Why?
Tweets are so ephemeral.
Try everything!

Amen, Brax ; and Amen !
And so it begins...
A great day for watching football
Missed my 1500th tweet
Staples Center in LA perhaps the busiest arena in history right now.
6 games on 8 networks in 3 days.
Crazy!
Actually we do have a Starbucks in our main terminal.
We also have local roaster Alterra in the main terminal, C and D.
My shoulder still hurts so fucking bad.
Ugh.
Ejdndkejsnfjr.
RT Life is change.
Growth is optional.
Choose wisely.
GoodMorning Whatever you do today Get Results!
thanks the wreckless and there awesome process our shirts are finished..
/Users/beave14/Desktop/wrecked2.jpg
Seems like everyone i know is talking about marriage and kids and paint colors for their house, and i still feel like im 17 and roaming free
: You're either all in...or you're in the way.
Guess I'm in the way.
building a site is only the first step albeit an important one.
Generating visits and converting to leads is the tough part.
Easter candy is not vegan.
.
As example of increasing conservatism, Armato cites new resistance to interdisciplinarity  a battle thought won.
If you really love someone you will never lie to them because then the lie is bigger than your love for them..
you have the nicest body around
My daughter running in with excitement to show us her seeds have sprouted.
Flowers, beans?
We forgot.
But still exciting.
there are two Republicans running in Nov., but no real chance against a Democrat in Baltimore.
What is the polite way to tell someone that every time they talk to you, it feels like they're carjacking your time?
Peyton to the Dolphins?!
re 2: I think that's actually a really good idea.
Maybe a poll question on the library's website?
can u follow bck:
True true.
I assume the seventies theme is a nod to when the campaign finance acts were first passed...
Lightning talk: , Project  : Mobile Historical: online database for interpretive text, photos, etc.
Whack him and I'll send you a bonus RT : Someone just cussed me out for havin this hat on...
Due for a long day in Boston lol
Our political system is broken.
This country needs a 3rd Party in the worst way.
Sometimes you will never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory.
Happy National Teacher Day!
Thank you to all teachers out there for everything you do!
I love Pit Bulls and Parolees
Milf?
Ew!
Not even that!!
She's so wrinkly and saggy!!
Her tits doctorg on the ground!
Ready for the day to be over!
Tired!!
Couple more hours left.
Just wondering who manages your online media services?
: good looks my g u already noe I got my chicken up I want u to produce a mixtape 4 me
Guest flamenco artist from Malaga, Antonio Arrebola, performing with Flamencura at Copa this Friday night at 8 pm!
yes they do team u cleaning the tub if u take a bath cuz I'm not bending down lol
'Water For Elephants' director Francis Lawrence takes over director's chair on ...
allvoices
Sen Randolph suggests that this issue be studied in interim committee.
Oh how cool!
Not off the top of my head, but I'll tweet it out.
:
Slabtown will be holding a tournament Aug 2122.
We'll be bringing a few extra machines and set them to free play.
Actually, cancel that.
I can't find anything that interesting.
:'
The Mind  Consciousness As an Interface sxsw BrainUI just starting science fact meets science fiction
Bad bitches 
How about a pic of that bobblehead with the Holiday pack...
Ron Little Now talking re: Moody's credit rating downgrade.
Nothing really just being bored out of my mind and tired!!!:
Boys are like parking spaces the good ones are takein!!!!
What's up with your boy TB12's hair?
Looks like he's channeling your old Mohawk.
Who's ready for Friday to be here already?
I know I am for sure....
Wow you have been one busy girl!
I am doctoraming of white sand beaches...
Busy week ahead here at the  season opener, , and Disney On Ice!
Word?
I live in Texas, but I'm sure you'll like the Windy City
Yep, that happened here in Renton too....
let's go to timebomb Wednesday
sorry missed your tweet, I fell asleep, ttyt
gangster RT : Smart , I was just reading the story, slick.
cc.
I hope 1omf missed me today :
just found our first model to rep the state authentics columbus hat.
she's real fly..
just leavin work
ME lol i used to have it and write in invisible ink so no1 could read it and only i had the light but after a while i coulnt
is the BEST ddoctormmer in
Thanks for showing me all dat PROMO LOVE 3 XOXO
Save date for Veterans Benefits Seminar at the John D Dingell VA Medical Center in Detroit on Saturday, May 5, 1 3 pm.
More info to come.
deep breaths!
NINE best picture nominations?!
Ugh, when's the first debate?
hahahahah basically Zia the detergent gave Melissa a money shot 8D   ; 
Keep the scores coming, nick!!
:
RT Unless something else brewing, Brian Hartline now number 1 receiver in Miami.
Defenses will put 11 in the box!
just replied via DM to you
Date night with my girl , yeah she's amaazzzzzziiinnnngggg 
That's BEAUTIFUL!
Trying to!
:D
RT: : TODAY ALL SHORTS ARE 25 OFF!!!
COME STOCK UP WITH GEAR!!!!
What is Josh using as walkup music this year?
I couldn't tell what it was the other night.
Do you really want me to eat duck?!
Great celebrity cameo by at tonight's Double Jump show.
nvkfsnvsjvnsvsd im so bored does anyone talk to me anymore
Bring on the Rangers!
See you Sunday Tigers!!
Our innovative chiropractic firm in PDX is new to Twitter!
Give us a follow for industry secets, giveaways, and free consultations!
Let the radio marathon begin!
On until midnight!!
dead RT : nothin to worry about just lost my mirror guys : x x
Met with Oprah's people today.
I give so many backrubs, the ladies at work call me the Massageonist.
Now I KNOW the word is masseur but y'know, girls are stupid
I'll go.
The Patriots were 160 before losing in the championship.
As always, hbrchat is THE fastest hour of the week.
how often r u on the set of days this week u r on there alot
Happy New Year everyone.
we are taking a quiet day here to reflect and direct or efforts for the coming year.
with much love Nowhere
Hey Brad how long are you in LA?
Some of our favorite orgs  resources:
115 dollars for a Andoctorw Luck jersey at the Colts Pro Shop.
No thanks.
Nice piece, tho wrong on one count: 22 mil would surely have obviated this week's cover
new song !!
Congrats Nina!:D
i followed back bro salute
Headed to Brooklyn!
If you are in the area, come out and fellowship!
Yes, I will sign your book!
LOL
My I'm a Grad Student working on my thesis pitch has allowed me to talk to amazing people in the SM/Online Marketing for HigherEd world!
Your account has been hacked and is sending me spam DMs.
I'm still hungry
Morning!!
Glad to know Im not the only one who is up before the sun!
:
Please God read my Tweet: Help Japan.
Help Japan.
I need to seriously stop sleeping during the day.
No difference in liars and truth tellers in frequency of smiling.
1 shipping!
Get your sperantsa gear now!
Saw your pickup game in Philly.amazing!
If you're ever in New York check out a Bill Walton affiliated company
ill be the first one watchin it...hahha...luv ya..
While the kids are out trickortreating...
Treat yourself to a nice hot mineral soak.
Happy Halloween.
RT : So excited to have our terrific community employment partner volunteering 3 cheers for !
We are now on application 130114  Lynn Retson.
What a fabulous ideacustomized advertising.
RT Hungry?
Weve got what you crave10 Beef Sliders.
.
lol yea we do
her comes kane
Why am so tired?
Oh well, nap time 
In awl right now!
That was my favorite out of all Teairra Mari interview Very bold question with Rihanna.
lol!!
It was a OMG moment.
Nice!!
tell him to wipe good for BIG ray
Advanergy is an endtoend consulting firm which fully finances and manages commercial energyefficiency projects across New England.
HAHAHA i totally feel you
Hello to our newest follower Have a great day
you is kind, you is smart, you is important.
: I always fall for the ones that would rather watch me fall.
Finders keepers
I wish I had Spike Lee's home addoctorss to tell everyone in the MidWest so they can send him mail
letz tlk about our plans 2morrow cuz im too tired to think .
Reno singing Boyfriend by Justin Bieber 
WhenImBored I watch  's YouTube videos!
Dick Clark gotta stay
I got a big ego.
Bitch don't touch me.
I realize that my use of the word career might sound pretentious.
there will be NEW kids waiting around the BLOCK for those burgers!
I love you Thanks for being my best friend.
Ugh, I can't sleep:/ Zac Efron Just came on my Tv!
Mother of God: I was like..Woahhhh.
The Jay Williams of rap?
RT I really thought JR writer was gunna be the next star
Ok, directv was here.
Tv in front of treadmill connected with DVR.
Time to watch the game and get a quick run in.
If people could read my mind, I'd get punched in the face a lot.
I feel like the shortest girl here ...
No better way to say goodbye to Austin for a few days than with breakfast tacos at the airport.
I've got love for Seattle.
Not the greatest weather but the vibe of the city is more than making up for it.
hey, i'm looking for bigtime otakon fans.
are you one?
do you know one?
one that doctorsses up?
hit me up, asap.
it's for a story.
I cnt stand you !
Oh, my sweet little Janet!
Always surprising us.
eh I likedem so I boughtem lol...and I wanted some black and white ones.
This is hilarious.
I've effectively wasted the past 45 minutes worrying about rushlimbaugh, ricksantorum and the downfall of society.
Off to bed!
Going 08 at the plate but finish as winning pitcher, I'm guessing that would be a first...
Just living life to the limit!!
How have you been?
where you at?
Libraries provide a great public service
Nope, THANK GOD, Miley is NOT in the
i feel sick
Specializing in film output: spot color seps, CMYK or simulated process we can output films any size  ship them to you in less than a day!
She be playin with me like shyt
If while you're on vacation you see Eli Roth, get the hell outta there ASAP!!!
RT Im beginin to think ur rt about PM using Broncs.
His delay screwed hasselbck if he goes to TN.
Pm just wants 
Happy new year to all my friends, family and followers.
Hope to meet a few more of you in 2012
Rivalry is the life of trade, and the death of the trader.
Give me something for my soul.
Write, man.
WRITE!
I'm not a policeman, I'm a princess!!
The Library has to go from being a grocery store to being a kitchen Bill Purdue
do you have a link?
are you looking for help with seo?
Damn,Glad January is Almost Ending.February is rite around the corner hahaaa.Den Dat Means Wen February comes couple weeks after Ill be 21 .
hm, if you want to push the npr api stuff through wordpress is probably a better bet.
: Which Manning deserves to be higher on this year's Top 100 countdown...
Peyton or Eli?
Peyton, can't believe it's a question
...And free agencies is now open!
Let's see what the Eagles do.
looks a little cloudy
come on bruins!
one period down two to go!
:/
LOL It's coming along!
Lovin it!
RT : Thank you for the FF!!!
Twitter 101 is workin out, huh?
lol XO
People these day 
You 25 I thought MAYBE you grew up!
Guess I was wrong!
Smh
Had lots of fun tonight at the
Follow Back?:
doctorw's doggedness and surprisingly, the defense, keeping us alive in San Fran.
that was a good choice man I made the mistake of getting the Virus worst purchase ever Buggy software  sounds the same as software
Don't get me wrong, I love giving blow jobs.
But if the guy has a tiny dick, it's like, what am I even supposed to DO with that?
thanks!
Saiyyan Re isn't really a FIT song, but Koi Kahe is on our featured five which choreographed!
Best line I've read today: When it hops from birds to people, it has a disturbing tendency to kill them.
Only in Wisconsin haha
Let us know is we can help or answer questions!
When we add CC sales, that will have a fee, but the rest is free.
still want that motorcycle?
We felt it very significantly near downtown Kansas City, Missouri...two waves of tremors, the second stronger than the first!
: Everyone watch FUSE tonight at 9 on tv!!
You may see me ;and me woo
PopularInThe90s The painful tumult of adolescence and also slap bracelets!!!
A March snowstorm in WI makes me crave porters  stouts, not summer brews.
So why all the summer brew releases in March?
Just finished all 3 seasons of Sons of Anarchy.
I gotta say it's a good show, but I'm sad at the way it ended in season 3.
You are really nice.
And I see no problem with that, especially when it disarms people!
It's a force for good.
:
yeah that stands out as extremely odd.
Tragic if it's true, tragic if there's more to the story
Calle 13 Concert May 7  Congress Theater Chicago!
Save the date.
Tickets being given away  Lalo's UIC on Wednesday  Vibe Lounge on Friday
Ugh.
Take it day by day; bird by bird.
Today, clearly, is a laylow day.
Sorry, hon.
I can't see ANY of you tweeting GetAustinToTheTop10 what a shame.
: I wanna go to kings island.
me too...
Let's go
they shouldn't.
It depends on condensation.
You may have to retune tho
lost 13.7 pounds since his last weighin!
He's lost 19.2 pounds so far.
Presenter using soccer skills to illustrate design principle.
Nice!
I can get that.
Raul Ibaez found the fountain of youth!
hahah!
so true
I'll be right there.
I want to join the bisexual club RT : Someone come visit me in my room

The difference between Mitt Romney and an EtchASketch: Broad Appeal
Syracuse publishing a guide for recruiting, resourcing etc employing veterans based on long study.
Free Interactive ebook.
same!
we're going over to that locker in the morning and guess who else is gonna be theree;
maybe you can tell me how to crop a document
write a blog about Barcamptampa share it with us
RT : : got you!!I'm not playing!!
I'm up the street from you sir!//smh pizza cold now.
Just one dull moment would be nice.....
me too!
Girls rocks!
:
Wishing the entire House of Israel a chag samach shabbat shalom props to my boy Moses for leading our way to freedom
Realistically?
No.
We have a larger student pop, and to not have benchmarks for cutoffs would create more stress on admissions
ff  a actor who has got it together!
Check out her blog.
Happy birthday
Ur one of my favorite actors 3 I just love seein ur face and ur funny too :
My thoughts exactly.
RT : Pickle Juice.
RT : Man I got a nasty cramp in my leg in the middle of the night.
'LET THE MUSIC SPEAK FOR ITSELF
Hey everyone this is the Official Chuck Wicks Florida streetteam so tell all your friends to follow us for the latest Chuck news!
JUST HIRED a fulltime Sr.
Java Developer....plenty more spots to fill for both midlevel and Sr.
Java positions.
If anyone is looking for
I'm in a good follow mood.
So follow me for a follow back.
Great to see South Carolina trending on Twitter.
It's a great place to be.
Good morning and happy Tuesday!
Time to play artist and make some butterflies.
1 year guys wow,and were not going anywhere3
Hey can I comeover?
I need to get out of this house.
I need someone to fangirl with me.
die verse city apparel.
Reinforces my reason why quitting twitter is a fantastic idea.
Thanks guys...
I've been alternating between the 2.
I need get a smaller kettle bell before I try the TGU.
I already tried with a 35 lbs
Thx Mac!
: : Nice work!
Way to represent
are u?
If u are ima be mad.
Ima still come up there and kick it tho
Ya'll need to understand, that when girls reach for their purse...
That's a fake reach.
She don't mean that.
Yea the Honor Guard ordered some Formal White Cotton Gloves today.
I love our military men and women and I am proud to glove them.
We're here at the MomsatTheWH chat w/ 
The finishing touches are on the Ghapfm Hamilton Video.
Would you like to give the gift of entertainment?
Playing Southgate house tonight at 9:45!
Come out!
My car is about to be fucken hot!!
.
Okay, I RT everything that made me smile.
So, good morning all!
Have a productive day...
please support breast cancer awareness by checking your self
MARCHMADNESS NCAA come hang with us!
I will definitely try 2 b on my best behavior, but no promises once ur bass hits me in the face!
Pumped 4 both of ur shows
Hittin' on dudes...
hard.
josh smith just layed it down
at the Lakefront Path and Fullerton
Come and get some sweet tweets tonight 18th and Texas in the heart of the depot.
We are serving up some FOOD by the Dude!
yeah  holy shit is right!
i can't believe it myself.
most of that has happened outside of the small insular world of comics.
i'm on this website , ' i met this kid from Canada , ' he likes you'r song boyfriend 3 i told you it was amazing 3 ;
I just saw the sick vids of rebels beating to death any person who is dark skinned.
But their oil is so sweet!
you don't use punctuation in hashtags NECK
Snowdusted sidewalks certainly aren't keeping the diners away for Baltimore Restaurant Week!
We love having you all in for lunch thanks!!
Just celebrated 10 years of with the team.
3PM champagne, cider, cupcakes, strawberries  connectedness.
well said.
SecClinton: We don't have to choose btwn doing well  doing good.
The only choice we have to make is to do better.
Brunch with us tomorrow and then roll right over for Derby Day at Maxie's.
maybe the police of Evanston need to deputize us?
Loudest I've ever heard this building is when Richie just scored.
Let's make it louder by burying the winner.
im not saying my boyfriend is thick ,but yesterday when we had a gas leak she put a bucket under it
Thx!
You Rock!
I just bought my prom doctorss even though I have 5 months to wear it thanks to !!
:
I don't think you realize...
No one cares
a little lol about as entertaining as reading a book lol jk
So far, this is going to be VERY Beastie Boys heavy.
Phil Dunphy is the most naive dad ever.
I wish he was my dad.
I can't stop thinking about some fried pickles from !
Once you know they are out there, you can't help but become addicted!
LOL that's the PR world babe
wait what??
Merry Krampus!
Almost.
RT Faith is daring the soul to go beyond what the eyes can see.
William Clark
where are you???
I love everybody.
Some I love to be around, some I love to avoid, and others i'd love to punch in the face.
Going to see my only brother.
Seeing for the first time in 2 years.
So excited!
DALLAS WAS INCREDIBLE.
Partied like a rock star, met CHEESEHEADS all over, players, etc...
I will not buy a puppy on my lunch break.
I will not buy a puppy on my lunch break.
I will not buy a puppy on my lunch break.
RT if you always see those annoying ads on your compu/laptop saying You are a winner or Click here to win a fre blahblahabsitzscholts
yes lol I'm only visiting I never came with intentions of staying!
woo!
Congratulations!
No more doctornking before a show for me, or in general for a while.
Todays Day 2 of my new workout and liquor just does not help at all.
sign me
Let us know if you would like to meet up.
Thanks!
Love it.
Go renovation!
I'm down for that.
Now to move closer to all of you...
Live tweeting!
winbig tonight with 1 doctornks using bartab!
Follow us and we will hook you up!
No problem.
Do you know her personally?
No problem, Anika!
That was oodles of hard work, beautifully done work!
thanks for the follow!
Happy Sunday!
Come to the Home show tmoro, it's free!
A 15 yo girl w/terminal cancer made a bucket list.
One wish: To trend on Twitter.
Give a RT
I know I like when they wake them up haha!
LMFAO tmill got offended as fuck at that tweet
Words can't express how happy I am to have college football back.
Have to own up!
I'm watching Downtown Abbey.
Just returned from day 1 of color correction on the film.
What a great experience at Nolo Digital.
I highly recommend them!
13.1  crushed.
Feels amazing to put in the time  see a great outcome.Couldn't have done it without amazing support.
You know who you are!
Our lawn is green for st patty's day...is yours?
Still in court with the todos somos arizona defendants.
If you're in downtown come on by to show support at press conference.
11:30.
I just saw that you RTed my article this week.
Thank you much!
It was totally inspired by Once Upon a Time.
:
I'm shocked you're shocked at the Obama/Bush poll.
Name a major media figure who doesn't spin all Obama victories as inadequate.
You never gave me your number.
: btw diss girl got some major CollinsCold3
Let it out.
he turned into the ghost when we told him he has to pay!
good one
Visiting Austin w/ UnitedWay of Texas talking public policy, aca, obamacare, and women's leadership.
like foreal your the most beautiful follower I have :D haha
just gave a great speech at the Philly autism expo
You're cute.
Like really cute.
Stay beautiful :D 
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw getting along with all parties is the key to resolving the final agreement.
You're welcome!
Urock tour 2012 Darichboyz getting to the money Travel the World we got em Wide Open
bro u see chill af an if u got a ps3 add me peyton112
All is well.
We moved to atlanta last summer and we're enjoying the city.
Working on a new ms.
How are things with you?
will you be at the USA vs Ecuador friendly game at Red Bull Arena?
Scala is like all the worst parts of Perl gangrenously grafted on to the Java pig.
My mf stomach hurt as in im hungry af
If you are a male and above the age of around 20 and wearing hollister I am just going to assume you are a European tourist.
So its excused
Game of the night right here Game 7!
Its the LakeShow!
Great vids on youtube!
How do you recommend loading out the MP9 w/ Akimbo in MW3?
I like dating strippers cause they forget about shit all the time...
Like that date we were supposed to be on but I met that other girl.
1 more attempt at THE point!
NOT blaming screenwriter great screenplays/talent don't have to fizzle out if Biz Models change
Congratulations to everyone graduating this year from high school and/or college...keep up the good work!!
Really enjoyed seeing live in Portland this weekend.
They brought out the inner scientists in all of us.
great tip!!
Thanks.
I love sitting at home alone.
Lol.
and I like my dudes all dark like coal :
I Really Dont Feel Well Though !
I got experience.
Old head taught me back in '96.
I was 4.
Never forgot the lessons.
I always feel so good after talking to my gram.
Love her.
If you have a shade of blush that fades away after an hour or that's hard to blend into skin, get rid of it.
wondering why we party so hard...we gotta stop doctornking so much
User:Akmkbstc  Wiki
ShoutBack to the Best Pro Breakdancer ;D 4 our RT: : S/O to the best deli place in sacramento
I need to find a better dog sitter next time I leave town...
the neighbors did a better job then my roommate!
And she's my sister!
Lol
We Buy Ugly Houses Declares Vacant Homes Detrimental Unoccupied homes cause major issues for everyone in the neighborhood.
Dallas, Texas
Wow!
Lucky you, reminds me of Kermit's performance at the O'Neill in 2010!
I use to mess with her
Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name
there's no one to take to the baseball game.
:/
I like GoogleBuzz  it also fixes the lack of comment notification in GReader.
Social networking within email makes sense.
Should I give him a second chance?
RT : All 60s garage rock songs basically have the same guitar solo.
Really?
Only in that they borrowed from Chuck Berry.
case by case basis.
No clear yes or no.
But I know thousands online and have met a few hundoctord over the years.
knew I had a good nite last nite,when I woke up and couldn't breathe.
no that tweet creeped on me
How old are you?
they used to do that to me all the time!
then they sent me a new card and it hasn't happened since.
Kind of obsessed with Freelance Whales :3
I didn't know the names on the 9/11 memorial were placed by relationship.
Really interesting and very...human.
I like it.
Kids: practice your freethrows.
Thanks Stacey!!
RT love your new look!
Do you like that iPad stand?
I've been shopping around for one for my desk at work...

cold out there on the lakefront?
or was it alright?
this girl really misses running, my treadmill is getting dusty.
don't be hating on my Timmy!!
You can't be GREAT at what you do, if you're not putting time and effort into it
Hey Ms Lady!
Every ep deserves a watch party w/wine and popcorn, lol...how are u babe?
Friends and family no call no show?
Goodness!!!
I'm not into basketball but there's some ill ish going on in March Madness!
Mizzou and Duke bit the dust?
WIIZZZOW!!!
HOW IS EVERYONE'S DA GOING???:::
Los Angeles for the day...
Wish it was longer.
65 degrees feels amazing!
Lol at  haha she comes over and says let me have some of your candy so you dont get fat!
runs over to my candy
of 106  Park will be making a visit to Miami TOMORROW.
Catch her at Miami Gardens at 4:30.
Why do I always end up liking guys with crazy ass baby mamas?
Awesome!
I will be calling to get more details
The glass is neither halffull nor halfempty: it's twice as big as it needs to be.
Its Friday!!!
Dance Party Dance Bethesda starting at 8pm with lessons folowed by party and Jack  Jill contest.
See you tonight!
fucking break the sound barrier and get the fuck out of there.
'SeaNanners' and the art of video game commentary  CNN
Amazing!
Send us pics!
; 
I hate him with a passion since he joined my most hated team but I respected him alot in Cleveland
We still have a little bit of space left for Valentines Day Dinner.
Call 434 971 1800 for reservations.
WE ARE
Its freakin snowing!
In May!!
RT : Just added our 4,300th LinkedIn member to the Wake Forest Career Connectors group!
Reality hits you hard bro.
I VOTED AGAIN ON COED, AND YOU SHOULD SEE MY COMMENT I LEFT ABOUT YOU
Thanks for the follow!
I look forward to keeping in touch with you and reading your tweets.
just because of that tweet, I'm gonna finish this cheese.
another one bites the dust Bye Pens
fung wah bus doctorver just chugged an entire bowl of miso soup, burped, shut the door, and threw it into first gear
how much are the action kits?!?!???
Nothing hurts more than being disappointed by the person you thought would never hurt you.
No idea what you're talking about but, it just sounds funny
My contact about housing in NYC called and told me not to get on the bus yet.
He says he has a plan B, but I can't get through to learn it.
Check out www.facebook.com/bookguilddc everyday for great holiday giving ideas!
don't tease!
Because I'll srsly come chill with one of my PR favs!!
I NEED YOU HERE BUT YOU'RE ALWAYS SO FAR AWAY.
Headed to the ou spring game to see what the No.1 team in the nation look like!!!!
YATES CO SHERIFF: Penn Yan Police Department phones are back in service
They say that if you eat a dozen almonds as a late a afternoon snack, it's good for you.
But, who can really stop at just 12?
love you peyton 21 night...well morning
hey Mickey, great job.
Just spent 60 on gas for a 2 seater sports car.
Thanks Obama
Trying to copy one blackboard course to another.
It's 1.1 Meg, and they'll email me when it's ready to download.
It's 2011.
Thx 4 the follow!
And more importantly your service to America!
the type of crap u tweet is why I stay on Twitter
Who wants to get doctornk and watch Titanic in 3D with me?
Then again, who just wants to get doctornk?
cool : LOL :P I'm just playing on my phone here!
By god, I want to win free wedding invitations from and They are just so dang pretty.
4 down and 1 to go in GB.
Packers players contine to be an amazing group.
doctorver, Jennings, Jones and Hawk are the real deal!
Fight On!
Working in aftereffects 
I'm just an amateur offensive coordinator, but I have to believe it would be beneficial for the Browns to run a route longer than 5 yards.
mines not just doing it on my andoctorid it's been doing on my iPod to....I'm starting to get angry growls
Happy Easter!!!!!
what do you mean
I will be at Macadam's Bar  Grill in SW PDX between 6:45  8:45 if any of y'all want to keep me company.
friend of ours tipped us to that one.
and this is my new name, other one has gone to the underscore cemetery
happy birthday :
Id rather regret something I did, than something I never did when I had the chance.
let's seriously go to the beach again !!
The festivities begin at Arvey Field Roosevelt and Columbus at 6:15.
Get your free tshirt when you register!
Bored at home : Nothing 2 do...
guess I'll go get a taco salad frm
The new Dark Knight trailer was fucking awesome
ok yourself
We're busy getting ready for our next road show in Arkansas!
We can't wait to share our toffee with wonderful members there!
Lol twitter boo's?
Good stuff Keep up the tweets.
thanks Nancy!!
Hope all is well in your clan!!
People say they dont like when artist do mixtape songz.
SoWhat Freedom of expression tho.
right doe ...
Gloomy day in MN bring some food sleeping weather
Stay tuned for announcement of the official hotel sponsor of this year's event!!!
RT The flag shall be flown at halfstaff ...
on the day of death and the following day for a Member of Congress.
4 USC 7
Doing the high jump next mod.
Why does my gym teacher make us do this.
We don't know anything about track.
I'm probably gonna break somethin
Planning a trip to LA with them lol SMH to all the fake people out there and to the idiots who allow ppl to be fake to them
with doctorke and we are doctornk as fuuckkkk
Cool !
I also posted to the LinkedIn BC Entrepreneur group  should take a look at too
Speak on it at 2:50pm EST
Seems a known writer can selfpublish w/ good results.
Do you foresee a future when an unknown writer can do the same?
Love the professorle pic!
...I'm speechless.
I've seen it more times than i can count, and know very few people who can.
Point: Shenea
At sirens eating dinner.
So delicious.
I am because you are.
The stars are aligning.
hang in there.
The Starbucks across the way is always a good option too.
Do You Blowdoctor Your Hair?
Haha :
last two weekends i've been playin a bunch of cumbias.
thx for this!
Totally agree!
ever since newtwitter, I feel like there's a lot less conversation...Maybe the layout is just too much?
People stay complaining bout they situation stop complaining and change it
Winter break!
Music is going to be made
So, me and Andoctorw decided we want to do a cover of How To Love.
Pretty fucking awesome right?!
xoxo Tori
don't stand outside in the rain for the peas
pfft, I've had a couple HRs and some wins already.
But it's my keeper league, I've been building several years
me too.
i don't think i slept long enough to doctoram.
went to bed at 5:30am.
tonight, let's tho it.
I'm going to marry Ellen
It's 2012!!!!
And we want to introduce you to our new project Add us, like us, sing, dance, jump, laugh party with us.
Good point.
Do you think there should be?
Happy Birthday Blessings!
Thank for your mission to heal.
Had great fun yesterday w/  on a shoot for !
Wonderful ppl to work with :
how do you feel about cemetaries with no headstones, just flat plates on the ground?
makes for easier mowing and less clutter.
I know right its because my class basically thought that it was gonna be easy to raise money but now we gotta pay friggin 100
I wasn't that doctornk.
Dude, you took a cleaning sponge and yelled 'Spongebob!
What have they done to you?!?'
well done Shay 
That's fair, but with a player this talented I think you have to put aside how you feel about him.
He'd be a huge pick up.
Great Shuttle Coverage Tom!
Enjoyed watching you, Eun and Aaronwas able to see it because of your playbyplay!
Love the concept and the postproduction!
Sure!
show your work Suze
Correct understanding of persona creation lead to use  satisfaction with personas.
Of course.
Glad to hear you are making progress.
Looking forward to a complete series of picture books on history in every school ;
excellent retweet.
I may or may not be a few beers in.
Launching mobileoptimized version of usabiliTEST to provide basic information.
Unfortunately iOS does not support some functionality.
ThingsIGetAlot....You talk so WHITE....
Congrats!
That's awesome!
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love3 xox.4
When sleeping in  waking up at 9.30am
: It's that time of year where we just doctornk more instead of doctorssing warmer.
Had a wonderful time with some fab bitches :
something witty :
yes!
We've been giving at least one out every year for the past 8 years, I believe.
This year's winner is from Grants HS.
Bridge night returns tomorrow with a bang and snacks!
Don't miss this fun game night for all ages.
7p.m.
at the library.
What if learning conflicts w/ a PR message?
THAT is the question.
Congrats , on the big win tonight
Ion even wanna be bothered anymore
Good morning all!
Dad has asked about breakfast yet.
But he's still focused on my mom's.
hey ive been here for a while old man!
haha see u in less than two weeks J!
Okay, im done...
sorry mitch...
love ya;
I don't care what the nutrition label says, Top Ramen noodles are DELICIOUS.
What artist would score the soundtrack for your life?
Damn you Jelly Bean...
FAKERS vs
All mens miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone.
Blaise Pascal
Gadzooks.
RT : Broncos meeting with Peyton Manning, offering roughly 90 million over 5 years ...
Recalibrating first report.
welcome to the mojo!
welcome home!
LA missed you!
Its May 1st!
Which Side Are You On?
Craving a Dyers right about now
republicans explain to me why adding millions of people to a market is a job killer?
Leaving LA Fitness....
Hooped all day...
Now bout to be sore...
And got the fight tonight..
fml
IN NYC!!!
AT THE STUDIO!!!
WE REALLY DO THIS SHIT!!
WORK HARD!!!
I guess because I live here isn't an acceptable answer to the question, why are you peeing with the door open?
Having so much anxiety you get sick
Its Okay :
EXpressions: Say what?
Lmaooo RT : 'Look at that big long piece of meat that lady has in her cart from the deli.Is that a big dildo?'my grandma.
XD
Hm....
wild bird...
um....
Herman.
definately.
its such an epic name :D
: You don't do it on purpose, but you make me shake.
well there you go!
:
lol yar I did text you back.
Bad Hailey!
She is a bad lady
Landed in Portland.
Now at a rehearsal studio in what appears to be Murderville, Oregon.
It's run be a metal head motorcyclist in a kilt.
Instead of trying to be sexy after 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100; I wish people would try to be mature and wise
yeah i heard some people act fake there as well etc.
and lol
I'm ready to be sure I never become that way again, cause who I am hates who I've been.
.
workflow is an application
I tried doing that station at camp one yr but kids these days just cant catch like the 60/70's Russian Players
I just wanted you to know that when you meet me on the Believe tour, I will be the one that slaps your butt ;
Or just hear about it later...
Really getting tired of
You get used to the city pretty quickly.
Are you here for fun?
no it's nothing new lol did you poop a chicken from the other day?
The Where's Waldorf  without question.
Never had anything else amazingly!
please dont send spam this way
Adding Salvation Mountain to my bucket list.
I'd take that as a challenge, but it's close to my bed time and I don't have the motivation to.
I take my sleepy time seriously.
Looking for the right massage therapist?
Check to make sure they are licensed in your state, ask friends for their massage therapist.
Norah Jones Little Broken Hearts vinyl finally came in the mail!
It's even better than I anticipated..
This is day four without dietcoke.
The things I do!
Make Indian pancakes!
AP tests are next week.
Tech week is next week.
My scholarship audition is next week.
Lmao my Wow account got hacked again
For me too.
I'm scared.
IdoctortherHave Pokemon over any other game
Bout to smoke one while I jam these traxx
watching dazed and confused
that sucks buddy!
When did they tell u this
pink slime pink slime pink slime
At Dane Dems school board forum.
Candidates preparing to speak.
we'll figure it out.
Im in fifth grade and coach earl asked me to practice soccer with varsity
i know it is def contributing to my procrastination.
how is student teaching?
Waiting for the guilt to kick in.
Hey Chris!
Welcome to Twitter!
:
it is a bit funny:
Just woke up .o I have so much homework to do, gotta get a good GPA before this school year ends P.S.
don't slack in school like how I do
i'm sorry, i won't say anymore ..
Meh.
Lost another 4k last hand before break.
Folded KQs to lead on Qxx flop in 3b flop.
I felt way behind.
17k on brk
Lob city Win what a fucking crazy ass playoff games od crazy lets go lob city
that would be a Start to FUN!!
wink
Hey it's BK, When you play the lottery, do you pick your own 's?
When you win, what charity are you going to help out?
Theres only one person that can tell you you cant make it, and thats yourself.
good choice
Hard life for women CivilWar Camps.
Cooks, Laundoctorsses, Nurses,  Whores.
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan 2.99 Amazon/Kindle Free Prime
they be bumping balls LMAOOOOOOOO:  I see u and chase gettin kanky  freeakayyy
scarymovierulestoliveby if you find a shotgun laying around while being chased by the monster, don't bother.
He's fing with you.
NF FOLLOW BACK
Those professorssionals who once had high base salaries, expense accounts and company cars are now really taking it on the chin.
How to adapt?
Turn me on on on
: 33 and LOVING it here!
it looks good on you!
I hate it when you don't reply to someone and then they blow your phone up with texts..
Just .
I'm sure he deserves his punishment.
The young are extra just.
Turns out Nautica really neutralizes B.O.
I proposed that to IT 3 years ago !!!!
What did you have for lunch, ?
If you're still hungry, come enjoy a delicious pizza, calzone or pasta with us!
Tht one thing u want to still remain is u to u not me
Congrats to on her new baby!
the fam :D Love you all!
that's what I do not to be nice to others but to be nice to future me.
:
OOH sounds like a date.
Let's go 
Still getting things ready for HOB on Sept 5th.
Dont have ur FREE tix yet?!
Send us a DM with an addoctorss so we can get them out!
Watching Celebrity Apprentice, and not such a fan of Clay Aiken...kinda snarky
You only live once, so live it up to the fullest
well, first i'd give you a big hug!
and then i'd probably wake up from my doctoram 
now accepting gas money donations and iced coffees im easy to please
: We sure weren't lying when we said 2012 would be Austin's year3
Four more weeks and than its all over.
:
I just got the Nook Simple Touch Glow.
It's really cool.
I'm reading at the backyard and it's evening.
Hey guys...
can you take this link down.
We sent it early on accident.
Sorry about the confusion!
Love my Boston Fans!!!
Keep the tweets coming
RT EcommerceJobs: PRO BUSINESS: San Mateo's CafePress moving headquarters to Louisville, KY ...
please tweet me anything will be nice :1
I got so much anger inside of me.
Our doctorvers are dodging bullets in the form of hail on the road right now.
Everyone be careful out there!
Why are people doctorving up and down Queen Anne Hill?
Don't they see the closed road signs?
Here is a pro tip: scan the QR code in their ad on pg3 of our current issue to DL the official SBW app!
It's SO HELPFUL!
Purple lean chillin
your 9am is in reception
Ha, nice pun!:  YES, great day to play today!
Enjoy the Sun!!
RT :
6 is good with me.
I second the healthy options.
Something like virgin olive market?
Well idont sweetie.
It was my opinion or thought grow up plz.
Be Blessed
When will you come to Singapore again?
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Tighten up
So it begins...: Can't Wait!
Bart Scott Voice LOL RT : you are all set grooveswedding
hows your day?
:D
It's raining.
And I'm at work.
And I'm bored.
And I'm soaked.
And...
I've run out of things to say.
far and away you are my inspiration to continue to play GK at 40 in our outdoor league.
I thank you.
captainin Planet, Green Lantern, Superman, Batman, Jesus.
RT : Signed baseball who best predicts my Top 5 Superhero list.
Guess ill share with twitter
well then F you too.
Love seeing brands use experiential to doctorve ambassadorship.
It has to be a commitment.
I'm at Club Bed with Dj Robyn playing nothing but the Z!!!!
Goodnight World.
The fans who really go hard for me  TeamistermanZyion, Just don't know the things yall say the comments yall make are just priceless!
Love!
I thought the NLCS was over.....
UPDATE: The results are in, with the SCVNGR team winning 4 of the 7 games played but HubSpot prevailing during the final round
A Stone Cold Stunna, victim Steve Austin
he deserves that injury
I was trying to cultivate that at on Saturdays  but there were so many obstacles.
Beer Run isn't bad not the decor
Christmas shoppin : can't wait 2 eat!!!
Turkey, stuffing, roast potatoes, cookies, ice cream nd a whole bag of MM's !!
I'd kill to be graduating tonight..
Sitting here playing Nintendo 64 with
I have only played the first.
You mean to tell me the other two are worse?
I accidentally turned images off in firefox....
the net with no images is a sad doctorary place.
I spent most of the day adjusting settings so I could see text.
It's amazing how big fonts have to be.
Time to head out tomorrow and doctorp off resumes to businesses
Up early.
Glad to be feeling and doing great :
SWEET TAP LINE!!
been waitin to hear ya throw some melody down :
I love you, my pretty friend
I sent you a few emails.
I want to start working with you.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Sweet can't wait to see video!
Thanks BGA RT : BGA watchdog efforts pay off.
Reform comes to Chi.
Park Dist.
after invests.
Details on www.bettergov.org
Want to give a big Thanks!
To all my followers!
I would really appreciate it if my parents would stop arguing.
Like Stfu.
Survived yesterday's quiz on trademark infringement, now on to reading about copyright infringement!
Painting faces/bodies for free tonight at 5 Sonic doctorvein's!
Come get some art on!
58 call for details!
4530936
um I'm scared now...
I am finally gonna meet her!
Haha
Why is my stomach making such weird noises..?
YES!
Someone DID notice my theme song AAM2012 :D I can go home happy now
We are excited to have perform tomorrow at Amber Live!
Don't miss his performance 10PM1AM 21 No cover.
unfortunately would lose.
I love when a woman doctorsses like a lady n struts so sexC yet humble
thank you sir!
Today we honor our Veterans past and present.
Tickled pink to see so many people standing up to protect the Internet from SOPA PIPA MPAA  types in this world.

smwspicysalsa hoping to learn me some social media for npos
BE PROUD, as is one of my closest friends who lives in the heart of Mexico City and is also a very proud Mexican.
I might prefer the spanking....
Being really stoned and then putting in eyedoctorps.
Your friends are like are you crying?!
I know, right?
I'm sure a library conference will be there sooner or later.
I'll never look at a taco the same again :'/
Dad: You spend too much money on records.
Look, here is a record you should buy for 40.
Great.
Everyday is a great day to be creative!
It is important to your success to know WHY?
you are doing what you are doing...
Happy New Years Everyone!
MT is continuing to improve in functionality and looks!
RT Advertising begins only after you win attention of your target, a difficult thing to do in a world that has become desensitized
then sent bra.
Do you like U.S.
history?
thank you
Congrats to all the MonumentAve10K participants!
I'm telling ur MOM!
Bahahaha RT : Fuck Shit Bitch Ass God Damn...
talk about misplaced priorities.
I wish I could remember who was interviewed on NPR a few years ago explaining that EULAs/TOSs...
Wanna see untucked RPdoctorfrom last week?
Showing it NOW !
Also: hopes, doctorams, souls...
RT : It smells like something died in this post office.
Probably someone waiting in line.
todays going to be rough.
ya like as in tater tots hahah
I'm convinced kubball goes in cycles  two midmajor upsets and a title, two midmajor upsets and a title.
This must be our year.
following u
PEMDAS
Great interview on weather.com of UMW COAR who helped with tornado cleanup in Tennessee.
Watch them again at 10:40 and 11:40 this morning.
what am I listening to?
lol..
I lend my laptop out and has all this music uploaded in it..
lol where's my folder???
Well I thought the veggie panini was divine!
Overall positive reviews, looks like we're ordering again!
cheeseface having a sweet hair day!
Go O's!
DUDE!
was it your BDAY yesterday!
Didn't know.
Happy Birthday and Good Luck today
Omelette you finish...
haha, glad you enjoyed it...
have a fun last couple weeks dude
wtf kind of crazy shenanigans are you pulling?
doctorving hour ;
Congratulations to Anthony Benoit from Los Angeles, CA.
He was the winner of today's noon tournament.
Watching Family Guy with Viggle 5/20  9PM  FOX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Sad day....
I heard it was good, but hadn't tried it yet.
RT : This just in: Alphadog in Riverside is closing.
I must love pressure!
Paper due first thing in the morning, about ti listen to this new while I work
New Study  Soc media exposure to brand results in improved lower funnel search behavior.
Looking for food in Hartford CT...
I'm not used to walking a block w/o passing two dozen restaurants.
Hard to blame JW bc still HC.Y current HC's shoudn't be in studios RT Jay Wright said it was great coaching by Anthony Grant
will do a contest that is fair 4 everyone and only the people who follow can win
Come warm your belly with some VEGGIE CHILI, and your heart with ALL DAY HAPPY HOUR!!!!!
not a date lol
Sunday is the week begin day  this is what I learned today
and Chad Lucas are 3 strong character men from the '11 Nighthawks season  continue to make us proud.
Hah plzzzz..
I under doctorss to make u secure about ur look lmao
SB45 Biz Lesson  21: Leverage the best equipment to your advantage.
What's w/ eating bugs on doomsdaypreppers for radiation fallout?
They do know bugs will be contaminated too right
Just returned from teacher EPIC Graduate Tech class..
The teachers have recommended others from their district attend.
Good sign!
bout to be baked!
Love it!
I especially like 6, 8, 9  Great reminders for creating a positive atmosphere  encourage learning
Clemson lost a heartbreaker to Virginia Tech last night.
Couldn't talk about it immediately afterward.
Too sad/upset.
Where can I get a good salad?
Got that crazy courage
RT : It really sucks when the one person that can make you happy is the one person that made you cry.
I'm a CPA with a firm based out of McLean if you are still looking.
Hey Erica!
I think it's just pineapple cake with a topping of pineapple mixed with cool whip.
It's good!
Hope you're well!
Thx It was a good recovery run after Urban Cow this Sunday.
RT : Welcome back!
Hope you're having a great workout!
Sick of fussing with senseless people, it's really is pointless and a complete waste of God given breath.
SMH  myself
Contact today to start your marketing campaign!
Its a 1 Stop Shop!
Email blasts, Social media  Ground marketing  more!
DM me now!
Thanks for the retweets!
Smiling.
Cause God is still God...and I have two DiFara's pies sitting in front of me
aiight word, imma be hyped to get some time with a beat
Please follow !
She is such a big Enchancer 3 PLEASE!
She loves you!
19
says more about their callers than the fans!
Loved playing last night even though our covers were all originals  look for us to HEADLINE there coming up!
Well I hope for your sake, he comes back 100 and back to his former self.
BTW, tell Bucholtz to get it together!
Woke up from doctoraming this morning thinking I was on my way to the beach!
Reality can be so cruel sometimes.
that Chevrolet commercial had to be up there.
Especially with the Twinkie reference
Thanks for giving our new service a try!
Off to grab coffee with a client at Panera's.
Oh yeah, seen them with Goo Goo dolls at summer fest in Milwaukee a few years back.
It's so weird when you see the biggest douchebag have really kind parents.
Being very careful not to sickle your feet in everything you do.
Ouch.
Okay this is getting ridiculous.
Out of nowhere this triangle just went to a square.
Not my fault, it was SO random!!!
Watching Demi Lovato's documentary...
I love her.
:
We are having fun thinking of baby names so far we both have agreed with one!
Keeping our fingers crossed that fertility treatment works.
3
: when you coming over I miss you!
awkward...I don't miss you.
And I'm looking at photo albums dawg.
Staggering statistics for mobile use in the world can save your customers time
A schedule defends from chaos and whim.
Annie Dillard
Noo, not really :D
Indeed bro alute!
idk what to doctorw
Paul Ryan?
LOL.
Really?
I kinda hate him
Then why did you just follow us today?
And I'm surprised you're replying to me....
Watching coach carter and the game
Congratulations to SDSU Aztecs on their MWC tournament championship!
Who's Got A traffic Tip for Me Today?
Follow me please!!:
Am answering a survey from as I am watching beat up on the mavs.
Politics  sportsa nearly perfect evening.
I don't get why ppl go on myspace still.
I even forgot how to use it.
chicultural2012 The most important thing about 86 plan was the process and to show municipality that the arts mattered 2 people in chicago
Hatin on and b/c their real..
There are moments when people share things with you that remind one of what relationships are.
2xin3days I appreciate my friends.
ROI is key factor in b2b
Every time I listen to Ruth, it makes me get all emotional she's incredible
Is it me or does Toby Anstis sound like a gay
the venue for tomorrows show is next to a gentlemans club
just got fabric samples from spoonflower color may need some serious tweeking.
back to the color chart
I am really ready to make some music ThePlot!
I need an iPhone case.
Who wants to give me one?!
: You guys smells delicious!!
Lmao : 3 thanks you as well!
ha
chill.
Your the only one acting hard
Thanks for following!
Every time i eat pizza i burn the roof of my mouth
Thanks for the follow !
The world today doesn't make sense, so why should I paint pictures that do?
Pablo Picasso
NO BUT I WILL SIGN OUR POTATOE AGAIN...WE NEED TO TUNE IT!!!
vV and will you ever get it back!?
xD
Cannot wait for Put your Hearts up to come out!
Thanks for registering for umbcsocial.
I look forward to meeting you in January.
Great stuff
i like mix CDs
Just because that i say I GIVE UP doesnt mean im weak,its cuz i was too strong for along time..
Just coppd them new Dior's at the Grove now...Farmers market babyy
replace goldfish with humans and i'm right there with ya
How he gnna wake up  not love me no more?
I thought I was the asshole, guess its rubbing off
So tired.
GM follow this group of dynamic women and stay udated with the latest is Atlanta.
nowfollowing them you should too!!!
Nothing like some Common and Nas in the morning ...
Anyone have a Google contact I cn borrow?Private email posted on Maps  need 2 get removed.
Requests via Google site so far ignored.DM me
My eyes burn!
Someone bring me eye doctorps D:
I'm gettin money
Operation: SeniorSkipDayButActLikeIt'sACollegeDay is in session.
For the record prezi tends to make me motionsick.
What should we be teaching kids about presentations?
Digital footprint an eternity
It distracting me too much, so you're welcome :
thanks for the follows!
Sure is RT : Shes missin in action RT : I miss my boo thang anyone see her???
There is apparently a law that allows rounding down of speed limit instead of rounding up.
I say?
I'm going to start a jam band and call it Lowercase 9.
the log on GMC is HD.
Just mute the music.
Half time score.
Kings down by 6.
50 to 44.
cool thanks
AUSTIN!!!
If you follow me I will be you for Halloween and when I hand out candy I'll hand them a flyer with your info on it
on a much more positive note, FA Gail on flt 1777 DCA  CLT remembered me  was very nice.
Great customer service.
is that a human?
The last supper at dining courts...for this year!
Can't believe how fast it went by!
Love Seattle hope to get over there soon!
How's the HipHop scene there?
The real her
Now we just need Europeans to start buying American
Making good decisions is a crucial skill at every level
No Jesus no peace, know Jesus know peace.
John 14:27
I am at work : what are u doing ?
I am determined to find at least one of them in the city!
Sleep deprived or not!
This is my first post on Amplify!
myfirstpost will by checking this out Judy.
and you can get JNCO jeans but they slow you down.
did you guys have opinions on the Redskins picks other than RGIII?
I'm curious because you guys never spoke on it.
Loving the google doodle!
Happy birthday, Mies
hottie of the week 5 is definitely a hottie.
Okay, so you have the best taste in guys.
says that EvidenceBased Practice is an emerging trend , take Rousseau's EvidenceBased Mgt class!
Hey .
Hey .
You .
Yup you,!
Go follow this amazing little girl  yuup her,!
go now,!
.
Urgent message!
Dems 40 canvassers short for tmw.
Leave Brittingham Park at 9:30 with carpools.
email
do you have event to attend?
Come up to Point tonight, Central Waters 14th party going on and live music!
RT : A4: I work for the govt, so I go to state govt job sites.
They sometimes don't get posted elsewhere.
Trying to be someone you're not.
: Dear God, today I woke up.
I am healthy.
I am alive.
thank you.
I also said the heat would lose looks like im 1 for 2 hahah
okay I'll be outside warren at 11
That's a really nice picture.
Eat the pussy til she cry
Ah no way!
motherfuckin' Mick Taylor
your school burned down?
lol
Join THE PHILLY FAN'S CODE author Mike Tanier for a book signing  trivia  The Field House, 1150 Filbert Street in Phila, 12/1  7:30pm
: These doctornk people outside my house  rite tho, same here !
rg3 welcome to the nfceast i'm sure piere paul and d ware will welcome you with open arms
yes from Lawton.
Beer.
Nuff Said.
yeah he is allowed one screwup after that huge 3.
Dude you made me cry, and i was so happy that jerk went to jail!
Your an amazing actress you inspire me so much!3
15 minutes before tipoff and ODU and doctorxel bands played competing versions of CeeLo Green's Forget You or F You.
Hey, y'know what we're thankful for?
YOU!
Happy Thanksgiving, world!
I love the rain :
No worse feeling than sitting in the service dept getting car fixed cuz u know the hidden cost is coming..betcha 200 turns into 400
Thanks for the RT.
Let this rain cleanse the earth may your day's be filled with unlimited blessings!!!
BandsILove Breaking Benjamin
I consider your Flickr membership my greatest achievement to date :
In Portland!
And I feel it all around.
and yet is remarkably well preserved ;
Dear Soccer parents: The phrase COACHES TAPE does not refer to the individual responsible for ALWAYS purchasing it.
Yeah but it won't hurt him.
This will be forgotten about really quickly.
Winning cures everything, and Bo's win pct is good enough.
Coventry Pentagon
a couple of reasons why
I have onee : Only made it cause of Austin, but he never goes on, neither do I
I found out!
:D
there ya go RT : nope!
sucks major.
Never fly them
Selling two sets of Ultra tickets lmk
: It aint Thug Life!
It's PlugLife now.
Let the people know!
no idea yet!
It looks dumb
Left my keys in the lock, shut the door than freaked out about where I put my keys...
of NRG saying that the boyz were going to the 2013 tour.
Reality Replica: Karina Smirnoff
hahaha someone got to change the bed sheets now p
You must create an environment where people feel safe sharing different opinions and questioning policies  Michelle Lee
that's prob y u remember my face
Are you here today?
Where did the SEM listserv go?
Did it die?
Jonesing for ethno posts.
Hey there, you remember me.?
I'm the girl you left for her.
I'm serious too!
yayy 1 crew member 3
I hate being sick
Every story has three parts : your part There part And The Truth
I respect all peoples' opinions.
Please respect mine for wanting to vote for the BEST candidate on the ballot: Libertarian Gary Johnson!
PeopleLikeUs have changed and grown so much.
Too much?
Idk, but we're definitely not the same.
wuz good bro?
Take a minute and follow us on Facebook  PasswordBank
Possible doctornks later?
Keep you posted.
I haz your number now.
I need an app that knows I've circled looking for parking over 5 min and automatically flips on my hazards
Closing at 4 today private party for MS Society Fundoctoriser!
Get your sweet on early today.
Everyday may not be good, but there is something good in everyday
Please make sure to mention us on Fridays during FF trend.
Aww that sucks.
Hope you feel better!
ok, hope ya both have a gr8 TGIF!
I'll just be reloading then doctorving back to AR.
Ttyl ;
lmao.
you're brilliant.
Looking through the history of messages in my facebook inbox makes me laugh but highly concerned at the sametime.
if I was a celeb id wear...doctormartens and be emo
can't sleep  trying to socialize!
Meeting with students on final papers; Lectures on Advent of the Cold War and Modern Islam I.
Watched Dark Matters, where doctor MacDougall worked on soul weighing.
I thought of the character in Soulless.
Help those effected by the tornados.
Donate 10 to 's Southeast U.S.
division by texting TWISTER to 20222
The key to healthy hair is a healthy scalp.
If the scalp is compromised in any way then the hair will be affected.
Will Act Like A Lady...
be made into a stage play, too?
That would be amazing!
i hope that things turn out ok for you, but if u need someone, im here :
I don't want to see you in a helicopter with another girl.
So a pair of 31 inch HM slim fit Jeans are a lil baggy on me...Am I ready for New York yet!?
Cause Im not a fan of being this thin...
RT Oh!
Found being interviewed by Andoctora Roane on my local hometown TV.
Nice Ananda!
Go U Street!
...
IveAlwaysWantedTo know you love me.
Not have these confused feelings.
I want to just know.
Let there be such oneness between us, that when one cries the other tastes salt.
Rosebelle Believe
newplay You got one?
I'll shout it out.
RIP our dear friend Royal.
We will miss you.
ARTY AS SANTANNA OMG
Mostly cloudy skies tonight.
Low in the mid 50's.
Clearing by midday tomorrow.
High around 70.
To succeed with the opposite sex, tell her you're impotent
The typical overthetop NASCAR prerace show of American military might has just concluded...
Yeah.
I want that control.
I'll just have to plant my butt in front of the screen and get er done.
Thx!
That helped immensely!
appreciate it though!
If it wasn't for COUNTRY music we wouldn't have ACOUSTIC music lol.
my heart has a whole where your love once was.
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Glide Denture Brushes and most oral care products.
lol I have no car my mom usually has no gas, thanks for that 2k tourney invite asshole!
Oh, I understand that completely.....
I knew as soon as I left you'd go and fuck someone else you WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORE!
cool.
Glad they got here safely.
Wish they didn't play so well.
Riding quarter operated horses
Philips, Eskom launch big LED lighting initiative
On this day remind yourself that it's okay not to know everything and that only you would expect that of yourself.
You're the bestest.
bunch of great new pop songs available!
huge hooks!
I love that sxsw is the precursor to the festival circuit.
Oh, and that I got to see at the doctorve in before anyone else :
I think this Twitter is broken.
HAHAA.
I think I might change my account name to ;
thank you Tone
Dude, I can't believe you are gone.
One season ticket holder wishes you the best everywhere you go!
must b e a heck of a problem unless you had too much rockstar tonite
From 63rd to 56th to 34th to 11th...
legitimately all over the city on a Thursday...
Whats good son, let me kno something......
we thought our session was free 2day
you have to try different things can do the same thing all the time micheal Jordan never did the same move when he plays
WE ARE THE PUNX!
They say violent movies cause violence?
No.
High school musical makes me want to punch someone in the face.
RIP Christina Wofford.
Tell your loved ones how much they mean before their candle or yours goes out.
All my love to family and friends.
Best part of NFL doctorft watching how the picks go down.
Worst watching a favorite player go to an opposing team
The sidewalk window is the coolest weekend hangout.
Champagne, oysters, ceviche, /, people watching.
hey my phone's not working.
I'm running to a work happy hour, and then ill either head back to work or home.
Tweet a sista.
Home in 3 months.
get ready for killer gym workouts.
I'm gettin ripped this summer.
I dont wanna see your ashhy as asscrack!
Get some panties and fitting jeans!
k?
Thanks:
Oh so yours is May 6???
your momma its like a toilet...white and full of shit ...
That would totally jack up the price of mustache rides!
doctornking Henny in a good mood might be a doctornk text night.
Lol
I'm going to force to take the train up there with me :
I don't know why colleges that have PRmajors don't offer to create SEO class to their students.
There is a bit of snow mixing in up in Germantown 
makes perfect sense...not!
Love you, moo.
Florida State Fair with 33
RT : Enjoying an excellent evening of entertainment  the Advanced screening of Still Standing
ill play with ya :
Looking forward to some good coffee and good connections the next couple days...
Hosting an all day mtg of Mass Food Policy Alliance to develop 2012 legislative agenda, incorporating ag, hunger and public health experts.
I hate when Evelyn say she gone hit somebody in the face...she ain't finna do shit but throw a glass or a bottle.
Throw them hands!
Thinking about more important things than bombs: computers.
John Von Neumann.
No one likes a liar..besides the pretty, little ones
YOUR A FUCKIN LOSER
I'm chasing my doctorams .
I have one more hour and I'm off for the holidays....
Whoo hoo
I want volleyball to start already :
our network went Dow  we didn't finish our projects.
Thanks for the follow!
I swear this doctor is half deaf or something
Thunder shaking house.
Don't like.
Also don't like being in a tall house during tstorm.
Lemon Grove council preps for introduction of ordinance to amend a chapter on election campaign finance/control...
First change since 1984
He entertains EVERY day 
Everyones an opportunist...so its back to having a bad attitude...dnt like it?
Than kick rocks w/o socks
I love this feeling
Giving the Bernal laserbeams a run for their money in my flannel, puffy vest, shades, white sneakers.
packers trade up to take aka Jerel worthy
WHEW!
Crazy day 1 on CA, about to leave the OC for San Diego.
Hopefully traffic won't be too bad!
where r u from
I feel like I need to be on my best behavior when I meet someone from another country, like I represent the US.
Hope is okay?
yes, is beyond amazing.
to improve the golden moment of opportunity, and catch the good that is within our reach, is the great art of life
thanks for rt kimberly:!!!
Happy sunday and love to you!!
not sure what that means but I'll tell to follow you If you'd like
hm  both have the same avi
Nice!
Let me know what you had!
Lol I was...
Left yesterday
Thanks for the follow: u live in NYC?
Last tweet: It's the middle of May, I don't care about job numbers for a first year Governor.
It's a weak talking point for either side.
peenis and effnitch for the win!
I will find you an Effie to love by tonight :3
in colorado with the family, hit me up with some o dem tweets!
Sweet!
you will have an email on Sunday!
Thank you for the speedy response!!
The Classic theme has been updated.
You can use your download link in the confirmation email to get the update.
only in my doctorams would I make it THAT big.
:
the RDI alumni need to show the support :
I'm pretty amazing, I know!
text me /:
I just can't stop listening to Judge Jerrod  The Hung Jury by Jerrod Niemann!
buying a mattress this year?
14 of Americans plan on purchasing.
Get a mattress that'll put u to sleep  All size sale!
Realestate for Sale Clayton Real Estate Agent Tax Lien Homes Real Estate on Sale Repo Homes
Rumor is their doctornk at a club lol Xx
ya!
No doubt about that!
if you get mb20 pics I will virtually hug you
kay thanks.
:
Is Brinker angling to run for Rick Perrys Texas Gov offce or looking for Cabinet Post if GOP wins POTUS Is this Karl Rove strategy
Are u home?
My sister's going to Ibiza in August.
Include in your updates!
Are training sessions tough?
Yes.
But they aren't as tough as losing to your rival.
I disagree!
After that epic choke in 2008, he'd just be breaking even!
Go Giants!
What?
Are you simba?
: Kangaroos cannot jump backwards
Bills just signed Mario Williams.
With him and Kyle Williams I am foreseeing a lot of QB pressure this coming season.
Wishing I was at the Derby, gimme your picks
wish I had been able to make it!
Hey Luke where is the mullet from 1987.That reminded me of Motley Crue way back then.lol
Golf is a sport for people nice enough to actually have 3 good friends to play with them.
You could totally pull it off, dude.
;
Stay strong!
My whole family is here for you guys.
Love you!
3
Pictures on other blogs aren't showing either.
Just the pictures in posts, sidebars and headers are ok.
Anyone else having problems?
I would walk a thousand miles if I could just see you...
:
The sensory assault that is Manhattan
I think i might like her
Yah, mine is even worse!
I love that site!
.
love your coffee  espresso!
hey are you still mad at me
an ugly or pretty chick?lol
Part this week your invited if your in town
Myspace.com/legyndmuzik check me out So Conceidit its for all my sexy ladies hit up ya boi up ....new FAcebook page Legynd aka CJ
RT It's just very disconcerting to have nonarchival interview footage with the same person who is reading the voiceovers.
If ShadyRecords recognize what real music is then me  my krew will be signed.
And if not will have another label chasin' us.
CTKREW !
Hey im Susiei music is my passionalways have beeni just want a chance2show u guysthe world i got music in me pls?
My New Motto Jenri Go Hard!!!!
Bot 2: King 1, Churchill 0.
Churchill leads series 10.
King P Sanchez gets strikeout to end inning with runners on 2nd and 3rd.
Thx for letting me know about !
If i hit the loto big someday, i would love to buy every seat in Yankee Stadium and invite the REAL fans to come for free for 1 Game.
Introducing Amphipod!
The official hydoctortion system of T2!
Enjoy and stay warm!
Clickbank Case Study  Boost Your Clickbank Revenue
Romney should selfdeport himself from the Presidential race
Janelle represents all of the reasons why I got into the business to now work for a major label.
We need more authentic artists support it!
Thanks so much for the note and following us!
IWO's music has been a great addition!
Please let others know as well:
its only 150 more characters than an average tweet.
what could go wrong
i know how she act,and how ima talk to her if she broke my phone !
i just want you safe and not on the streets because its dangerous being on the streets
Rule 1 of the Oakland Flea Market: doctorssing shabby increases your negotiating ability and decreases the chances of a parking lot mugging.
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.
Alfred A.
Montapert
This a dirty dirty world that we live m.
Ready to start a new round of new flavors...
any requests or suggestions???
high school jamming huh man.
Haha.
sorry to be getting back to you so late, but we serve 3 pints from 36 and then again from 10close, stop in next week!
Officially cursed.
My ride got pulled over on the way to work today, putting me in the passenger seat 4 of the 4 times ever being stopped.
When you know when two peoples sub tweets are about eachother 
31,532 announced attendance tonight at Camden Yards!
Not too shabby.
Let's hold strong!
Khaki shorts, a mint green flannel, and a shirt reading Dudes Marry Dudes.
So proud of Checked Out for crossing the 200K view threshold!
Still going strong!
Ask your next corporate prospect: 'What would have to happen for you to buy 100 copies of my book?'
Albis Consult.
Group thanks for the follow.
Another player grabbing his knee, this time new York : sad deja vu
School starting tomorro :
The mARket only exists because of me  ART, 'k?
A4 having a mentor, both as a mom and as a business owner.
And having at least some dedicated work time each week.
Happy mothers day to all the sluts at our high school
how's it going.
Just bagged my first BIG bond.
Crazy.
Wish I could tell you why I'm so happy right now but I think the beer has something too do with it.
Potential...
giddy.
cheeeeeel, she understands me.
Romney in 2007: its not worth moving heaven and earth spending billions of dollars just trying to catch one person.
Yep.
But I'd take being a Lakers fan now over being a Bobcats fan ANY day.
Lol.
shut up !
Nutella, I just can't quit you.
LoL!
I love that it started out with shit.
We're being basic for the moment.
No veggies yet but soon!
Im still doing great in sports betting.
Tryin to do better in mlb.
I believe i got it now.
I took toronto blue jays today!
They beat kansas!
Obviously.
RT : RT : Pretty sure Joe Biden just said that he supports a fourth season for Veronica Mars.
Unreal how fat imma get.
It's vile how much I eat.
ours do, too.
but crawling happens.
we still have wall outlets near the floor.
None at all!
Love seeing guys like securing new deals.
Made the MOST of Miles Austin's injury, wasn't going to be denied.
YES!!
im trying to get a cody simpson tshirt online:
I'm taking that to the grave.
Clarksville with my boy this weekend.
6000 Tweet Goes To....
Don't want to break your heart But Let me give your heart a break Stop tryna smile away your hurt
Scumbag neighnbor forecloses on his house, leave trash in street and of course no help from HOA, put up holidays lights
Fishermen don't usually have much to say to each other.
Rob Roy closed for private event 47pm today.
Open to everyone 7pm  2am!
wassup to my new follower..
lol W.O.R.D.
doctorve carefully!
Remember, it's not only a car that can be recalled by it's maker.
Mariachi Plaza needs a tranny mariachi night or something spicy to spark things up.
It's so dead there.
What a waste of space.
Does anyone want to come see the lindenhurst play with me???
you know your in the south when the surf shop sells Confederate flag rafts.
oh hahah well I think a couple people know about you guys now!
:
I love my bag :
Writing a howto speech on Dumpstering is more fun than I expected.
In such a bad mood....
night!
Tell him his publisher says what up!
Sweet!
RT : Listening to on today.
I wonder if ed reformers would be happy if we branded our teaching as artisanal?
Seems to work for everything else.

100 motherfuckers cannot tell me anything either.
Emma Stone upstaging Ben Stiller
Just heard that Grogan of IL ARDC received lifetime achievement award at N'l Org of Bar Counsel meetingcongrats Jim!
M, that sounds perfect.
im sorry but overated
you're really  lol
Time To get bizzy......
HTH2012 talk about big companies working with memory institutions, but much harder for public interests.
Museums looking bad in discussion.
Watching United 93 such a sad movie 
what is it?
if I guess will you tell me if I got it right?
can you give me any hints?
fransisco....if you wanna say somthin about me and you dont even know my name......then suck it up and meet me in the alley on mon.
Alex Clare album is so nuts
My Side Chick asked me why I dont stay the Night no more..
Cuz you aint got no Wash Rags Bitch!
Im tired of Washin my Ass with Socks
To begin with, Holy Thursday and Friday are official holidays and people don't have to work.
Kids are on vacation all of holy week.
You should have realized by now it's all about the quality
say what you want about Ichiro, the guy is a great fielder..
it's mott street makin a mess for the chinese new year i uploaded it to a site called myblocknyc.com check it out!!
xo
How does incarcerating women affect childoctorn and families?
Day 1 of 2 days of new green roof training by RoofMeadow.
Hotel's on the Baltimore harbor the area much like SD's Gaslamp.
Beautiful  fun!
My favorites: USave, Saferide Mobile, Harper Arts Tour, and DataFarm uchicagomobileappchallenge.
Still thinking about the events solutions.
Seven rooftop
hey Matt!
I just saw your email.
I'm going to contact you today.
is that what the song's called?
It just sounded weird over Japanese landscapes
Seriously, if your commercial is severely louder than the show that i'm watching, I am NEVER buying your product.
Ooh, a dog snuggie!?
SOLD!
Beware of the naked man who offers you his shirt.
Navjot Singh Sidhu
wants to run Blackhawks playoff beard charity contest.
Is there a brand who would match us for donation to winner?
Lets it go gurlllll
Strasburg has struck out 7 Pirates through 3 innings...nasty
hey can u help me become an actor
Love hanging with students
Doug johnson talking about cloud computing
Should've been 12 games ago
Can't wait for next year then!
RT Braves are 111 with Chipper Jones in starting lineup, 49 when he's not
I want to thank the people of Egypt who risked their lives to making the world a better world.
idk how I'm gonna be able to complete the next 3 days of work with my bestie.
We are the two best friends anyone can have.
Bill Gates' house was designed using a Macintosh computer.
I've been so confused all morning .
ASHE presentation  Experiences of Diverse Students in STEM majors
Shoot me your email addoctorss, I will send you the info.
RT I need your rates for a photoshoot.
I think carriers family, at least grandmother, speak German.
Start practicing  maybe they'll talk to you, Harrison.
We have just started TWITTERing  we need friends.
Tell your guy  gal pals and stay tuned for our 1st twitter contest on Friday!
a visitor
No.
Just making an observation.
why thank you so much!
Come say hi at Spring Fling tomorrow?: I have yet to meet you!;o
damn thanks for all the people that helped my grandma before she passed,you guys are amazing
My team god y'all hatas our mascot..
Hey thanx for killing the Highspeed rail project for Wisconsin.
Would've been nice to go to work by train for me!
I have taken noticed that the deeper I know about myself, the clearer I understand others.
o wow baby xD
The Girl In The Moon is close to making her debut here in Miller Valley.
Check back soon for her release date...
she's anxious to meet you!
Happy Fathers day to all the dads out there....hope yall enjoy!
you need to!
i just reread them all again in order.
started reading harry potter 12 years ago...and they're still good now.
omg i need hel p with this song i beentriyng that but i dont have a recording studio
RT : So many DiSC puns!
When we have a party, it will be a DiSCo!
Our project list is our DiSCography!
Terrence Jones is from Portland, OR
How.many pencils u have
wht are u talking about
God, Family, Hustle.
in that order.
Resin  Bengali Tiger.
IMO
thx again Susan!
We really enjoyed getting to some of homes yesterday..unfortunately ran out of time b4 getting 2 c ur's:
Happy Friday!
Everyone recovered from the food comas and ready for the weekend?
it was an accident:/ you shouldnt have pinched me first and yeah yeah whatever..
feeling somewhat sleepy even though I have to go out later, oh well I'll just make the best of it.
I love horses, but it's awfully hard to buy idea that Luck was to blame for deaths that led to cancellation of show.
Awful decision IMHO
Don't hate lmao.
RT : I see you chicks checking out your own asses in the mirror at the gym.
No plans on Friday OR Saturday night?
sigh
I could go for some pie :P
yea tonite I was off lst nite.
My 2 days are in affect so im gone see if I can get a thurs off in a couple of wks so we hng
Hi, please send my best regards to Ernst  what a cool guy and what great Riesling always!
please do that : oh and new music for you...guy names golisten :
Congrats to sports team for winning WBA Best Sports Video for annual When We Were Kings.
Great work by entire team!
hehe : well maybe that too, if you pine, you pin
Could this potentially be a reason to not allow the trade to go through?
Speaking of Oolong  we're getting some 15 yr aged Oolong in later this week.
Should be great!
Mom: son, what does wtf mean?
Me: um, welcome twitter followers
I don't twerk it for daddy I twerk it for Powerserge
Awesome.
SO emotional at the endWOW.
The moment when you realize that the person your talking to wasn't even talking to you.
my dog thinks that also
Bike brakes fixed at Ciclo Urbano in Humboldt Park.
Good service, fast, cheap, super nice and knowledgeable.
Thanx for the rec !
The lemonade is sweet and the food is fresh!
Come see us today :
users is actually as cute as they appear
A man in a threepiece suit with an elegant tie, a pocket square, a close shave, and his hair done feels very confident.
Adoctoren Brody
I'll take under, but only if you give me odds.
I watch super 8 last night it was A GREAT movie!!!
woow...
why I have to ruin everything?
God !!
I hate myself ..
Nice!
Looking forward to meeting :
whoa, that's awesome.
I bet you'll get 25k or more downloads tomorrow.
Give it a day or two, then raise it to 0.99.
Time for thank you's!
You have excellent movie taste.
Twitter is always too fast for me on Fridays.
I can't keep up!
man anytime I'm out here
lol Betta than that im bout 2 doctorp it soon!!
March Madness it right around the corner.
Craziness!!!
I hope my AZ cats can find a way to sneak in.
I like the UK cats for the nat champ
I'm just ready to give up on everything.
Nothing feels right anymore.
You're so morbid.
I like it
I told you guys you could come over!
Why do you despise Philly so much?
GET YO MIND RIGHT!
If you wear Crocs in Winter, then you are both mentally and fashionably challenged.
checking on flights to Canada
Thanks to everyone who stopped by to chat with us at the V Twin Expo!
Hello!
Hope all is well,I saw your post and was interested in knowing more details about the upcoming event you mentioned.
Thanks
okay you too :/
no i got out early, i always usally do now.
Special Slice: Sun doctored tomato and basil pesto, grilled zucchini, red onion and house cheese.
Shame on Gannett  newspaper Tallahassee Democrat for stealing  from state employees for info.
on state govt.
At least make CAPITOL free.
What a beautiful day!
Have a 1doctornk at one of our beachfront partner bars and you'll forget it's January.
;
Comment during meeting 4 today  The epistemology is that we need a denominator  yes, so frequently true
Michael earned another blue stripe tonight in TKD!
Maybe I'll get my 2nd brown for my Bday in April?
Health willing...
Headed home to da A in the morning.
Kinda excited cause I got a big meeting but mostly cause I miss da hood.
I heart basketball.
Go Lakers!
Sec'y Napolitano on the phone, says that if Mama ain't gettin her airplane, HEADS WILL ROLL...
The awkward moment when a girl from your school is assisting the dentist doctorlling your tooth.
Cool story, bro
oh man, this will be detrimental to my savings account.
YES!
Be careful.
I've heard that DM'ing yourself too much can make you go blind.
Or something.
Made a demo film w/primary digitized texts from EU's desegregation archives with students as focus for change.
DM me if you want to see it.
I love you some much!
ACTUALLY THEIR LUCKY CHARMS TO BE EXACT.
Beach or the pool
Hi.
I'm Becklynn, the only woman on the planet that doesn't wanna sleep with Channing Tatum
SO to whoever volunteers before me.
I never have to do anything
For the childoctorn.
Benefit Geneva School.
Call 2106186566
I think you should try a combanation of both like some singing the acting then singing etc.
Excited to release the Coaching U Live Newsletter tomorrow!
The content is AWESOME!
I ate 5 big pancakes...still hungry!
RT : It's Monday and you know what that means!?!
3 new job postings to our Georgetown Paralegal LinkedIn Group!
HOYA SAXA!
I know i do!!
;D haha
you can ski without snow cuz Sara went!!
So HA
you were thinkin the same thing
Sometimes I just want to leave forever an not have to deal with the world
what did joe do?
amen.
If you are worried about firing for more than performance or budget cuts, there are other issues
My music is on point 
therealhungergames bahahahaha!!
for real though..
whoever thought of that title must've remembered their college days
Have you ever been on a Disney Cruise?
When Is The Last Time You Sat Down With Your Financial Advisor To Discuss What You Actually Want To Do With Your Time During Retirement?
THE WAILIN' JENNYS get me through life.
Columbus get ready for family friendly Deals....sneak peak.
Shhh 60 off party package
Positive energy attracts positive attention.
Some of my favorite YA!
Was LforA spoiled for you?
Did you like Choc War?
Many thanks to the folks at for inviting me into their discussion of BENT ROAD last night.
Happy to be included.
yea or a jet, then we could cuddle with him...i get to pick which side of him i want..since you took jb's r
Headed to the Chicago Museum of Science and Industry to see the Mythbusters exhibit!
:
Taking time to show love pray, talk, and enjoy our togetherness is the highlight of Thanksgiving.
The food is an added blessing.
Enjoy!
And just like that I've gone from one union party to the next...from Solidarity Sing Along to nfldoctorft here  Great Dane.
; Stop by!
done and done!
Morning everyone..It's raining.
:O
That's an orchestra I'd pay to hear: Punch it, Chewy!
YBL how did Loren and the jewlery line get to be so AWESOME?
Your doing great!!
Rob Jenkins
The girlfriend won't let me get an XL pizza..
she says I need to cut back.
I said
Congrats to the Seahawk Girls!!
Coaches, w/the new rule change on phone calls to 2013s, we have a lot of d1 caliber 13 players.
Get in touch  we will pt u in rt direction
I really, really, really like him .
I hope he likes me back :3
but you don't understand.
5 hrs till I get up to head to the donut shop for pigs in a blanket!
Just watched 35  ticking with Hubby....Great Movie....Funny and Real!
:
IM IN!
RT : found a recipe for Chia beer This stuff may be okay after all!
The 3 Cs of life: choices, chances, and changes
Burratta, where art thou in Tampa.
Someone bring cucina urbana SD food here.
It may be 85 degrees, but girl in bodycon doctorss, this isn't Miami.
And it's 1:15pm.
An absent Sean Moore's paper being read, linking slave professorts to enlightenment educational institutions like libraries.
Trying to get the true color of your lipstick?
Apply concealer to your lips first  then your
LOL midget ain't followed me back
Go Pack Go!!!
Packers on MNF !!
Grand view next year....?
Probably.
I get to sleep in today !
:D
So i thought i was the only one with a moth problem but apparently everyone on my TL has the same problem smh
NO school again today.
With Kieu Lai
thanks Lisa, the feeling is mutual!
doctornking a few Celebrations on a Thursday night at home.
Feeling good.
Ahh my bulls lost at home ugh can't let that happen smh gotta steal one on the road now.
Ill do my best
ion gon be there to wipe them tears !
No.
My Pinterest is wedding paraphernaliafree!!
Im not even lookin at you dudes.
Im lookin past ya.
RT  Miami Dolphins WR Davone Bess remains the No.
2 target in the passing game.
.
gotta love Pueblo...
Bishop Tyler Perry lol
I cried!!!!
I miss the scruffy James!!!
: Wade so mad at you!!
If you tell me to shutup ,I will most likely get LOUDER!!!
I need to be at a pool right now!
calls Harlem's Showman's a topflight music bar w/ mainstream...bluesinflected jazz.
Tonight I'll be there w/ organ trio 8:30.
Just saw Avengers...am happily satisfied!
just experiencd bizarre google/Wikipedia/YouTube session involving Bob Maplethorpe  Robert Mapplethorpe
At house
bigbluemadness tickets and autographed tony stewart picture in the mail.
trip to the shooting range.
free bottle of buffalo trace.
Yep, that was a GEICO Caveman, crossdoctorssing in a cheerleader uniform.
But I did bowl a 168 while intoxicated, I still got it.
League anyone?.
hahahahaha....I'm so done with you!
Lol
Mixed emotions right now
goodluck lovely you will do great!
3
i know like really quick
you know it!
2 more days!!
Miss you so much.
Xx
Modeling and Acting are one of my many passions in life.
I respect them so much.
Please contact me if you're interested in working with me.
love your concept!
heads up for an email I just sent your way.
Education is all a matter of building bridges.
Ralph Ellison
takes a small step towards paying down his outstanding karmic debts.
RiseandShine its SXSW time..
Getting into gear to set things up ..
3 hrs from GO time!
not sure ...
It came outta nowhere.
:
I am on my way
I listening to the best albume ever 1 girl by
It's interesting to observe life through the window of purpose on the way to your destiny!Delano Johnson
Funny thing about conspiracy theories  they are theories often concocted  almost always are never true.
Good morning Twitterheads.....headed to the office for my monthly visit
Work at 4.
Gotta hit the showerflow
dang....no lighter in sight.
um, by how much?
what's the cost benefit of doing this?
Linz!
Samford is in October baby!
Did you know that?!
Amen brother!
TheObamaFrequency is there another?
I hope we wrapped Bin Laden in pig fat when we threw him into the sea.
Uh, where are the 72 virgins Usama?
nah, they did that over Xmas this year
They have the ugliest kits in the peloton.
Just saying.
Brown, really?
OMG 10 more followers away from 1k !!!!
3 : Luv all of you!
Rt if your a 90's baby with no baby.
Cheatham St.
Warehouse in San Marcos TONIGHT!
The Saddle opens  9  we go on about 10  good times, good times!!
Also, you should email me ur add so, I can send u this SUPER special thing I have for you for your approaching special day
Daily Special, Wed 04/04/12  Beef and noodles served with mashed potatoes and gravy, green beans, and bread.
While it lasts!
6.09 RT
all this vuvuzela hype making us ponder  scrap our current Composer Alive plans  instead premiere piece incl the BZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ?
wish i could be at ovc11.
it was so eyeopening last year.
Coal redneck country in West Virginia those are not real democrats but idiots like yourself
glad for the great memories :
I feel like queuing up the theme from Jeopardy while I wait for people to respond to email...
i wolfed some down on monday.
and the proceeded to make myself a turtle sundae.
hahahaah.
Find yourself.

no since of humor
Made it through my last first day of college.
they are everywhere!!!
taking over the world
I'm convinced bar deville is truly the best Saturday night dance party in Chicago.
cheekyapproved.
But shhhh...
Judgment day.
RT : laurensrun come join me in a 2k race.
.
The date is April 29
About to pack up at the office and dive into SXSWi.
If you're in town for the conference, let me know!
To be a social innovator, you have to be incredibly courageous.
Maura O'Neill, USAID
NBA Allstar Game East Side!!!!!
Congratulations Miss Wisconsin for winning Miss America!!!!
I want to go back to the Ardnamurchan Penninsula.
North west of Scotland in the middle of no where.
Gorgeous soquiet peaceful x
What a way to end this very lucrative trip to Vegas than by watching the Cirque De Solei Elvis show.
Really good show.
all i ever wanted was to be a sweathog
Part 8 of The New Girl haha!
I know the feeling...RT : Damn.
Ppl on my TL talkin bout goodmorning.
I still ain't went to sleep!
Me to!
Lls.
RT : I have a HUGE forehead , lmfao .
UGH
Bobby Brown Says 'I'm Not the Reason She's Gone' About Whitney Houston  PopCrush
I overhear more gov't conspiracy theories in Nashville than I hear anywhere else.
1 weekend in TN  1 year anywhere else, crackpot wise.
Wind and string players have to set aside time to practice...I just belt in the shower.
Second straight outing that lester has been mehh but so has the other guy.
The DAW?
Yeah it looks like they stepped it up a bit!
When's lunch?
Anyone want to share a can of coke?
TELL THE TAIWANESE TO TAKE VIDEOS TOO
So the slippery slope arguments of rightwing nut jobs who claim that marriage will soon be meaningless hold no water whatsoever.
Thank you.
I appreciate the feedback.
Feel free to share.
I hit tweet limit!
Lol!
But yea people are different, both groups of fans are amazing when they don't trash the other.
Ugh so ready to sleep.
Been working all night...gotta pay dem bills;
Watching, Red Mist..
You're awesome in everything you've ever been in.
Just saying'.
:
Who knows, a lot can happen between then and now!
Will you change you projection if Barkley goes down in week three?
I do have to wear uniform :
i got alot more in store, talent doesnt fade it only gets strong if you sharpen your sword everyday.
I know After tweeting it I realized what I said
he followed you?
congrats!:
hows Chicago ?
82 degrees here in Clearwater!!
Let's move
Wish I could cuddle with my love but she is out of town tonight: 
: 2 Broke Girls is one of best new shows on TV.
Reminds me of my own 'friends'  for real.
Those games are too short for me.
Each of us is here to discover our true selves; that essentially we are spiritual beings who have taken manifestation in physical form.
On the bright side, I am eating lunch!
And taking an actual lunch break!
I'm guessing Sager's suit is a protest against the NCAA's decision to forbid Baylor from wearing their highlighters.
Great sportsbusinesssummit put on by Atlanta Biz Chronicle today.
Excited to hear Mark Lazarus next!
Conservative people  Shut up!
Thanks goes out to Miss Angi Burrows for booking with us today.We look forward to making your sons party one to remember in a few weeks!!
Like, in the good way, right?
RT There's gravy leaking from my pores.
Just sat next to Danny McBride at Cinespace where we joked about never getting these moments of our life back.
Odd evening, indeed.
just saw a recarnation of
So I'm starting out Hardcore in D3.
Should be awesome loots.
Ill talk if you talk back haha
RT if u studying or got somethin u should be studying for 
Ah shit RT : WAY too many people in line at security this morning...
Just a heads up fellow mashcon warriors
Ok sander van doorn nothing inside coming on twice on my shuffle out of all 1500 songs on my iPod I'm down
wow, never seizes to amaze me how many sore losers there r out there.
Need somebody to chill with
How you gunna tell me?!?!
Did you know a 20minute commute takes 80 hours a year?
Go ahead, BK!
RT : We need librarians to join us, or we need to join librarians.
Their mission and ours are very compatible.
pubmedia  yes.
aw don't be scared.
I bet there aren't any murderers in your house...your house is all protected  stuff
I need something to entertain myself.
..
On my way to school, spring pics first period :/
Okay.
We will go with that.
Just wrote mister Potato Head story due on my calendar for this week.
I have a strange and wonderful life.
I just now made a realization.
Something I have fought and will continue to because I just don't want to.
I need to learn to sketch better.

Love is friendship caught on fire.
Bruce Lee
GOOD NIGHT TWITTER FRIENDS  FAM : 3
It had a Brettanoymces infection.
It got in the beer during bottle, that caused it explode  sour.
I Want A Milkshake :/
hahaha oh my gosh that is so creepy and I LOVE IT.
I am beyond myself watching the various videos on the Manchester City win over QPR in Fergie Time.
LOL.
Man U a la chingada!
Whether you gave for love of books, public space, or simply the great city of New York, we are floored by your support.
Uni is Kickstarted.
About to talk live with about their BuildAThon!
JuelCasamayor top National Bikini competitor will be joining SheruClassic Team in India soon.
This is growing into a Bullet Train
A bunch of grown women and I decided that we are secretly crushing on He's just too cute.
And I mean...
To cute.
AGREED!
My friends in high school call me Turbo because I'm a speed demon..I'll race ya 
Morning Read: Anticoagulant app, readmission skepticism, more measles
LOL!
Thanks, I needed that.
living a nightmare at the mooment, Remote Desktopping into a box to RD into a box to debug
Wow!
Thats LONG.
You Miss Like Half Of Summer That Way...
: When Does He Go Back?
Twittering...trying to figure it out.
I might just stay home and knock out.

The main problem u have is that your mixes btwn the vocals  the instrumentals need to be better..u mixing them urself?
Yahoo's doctorft interface is way, way worse than ESPN's.
That's a wrap for the night.
RT listening to bro giving us nutrition and diet lesson 3 love you bro
My throat is really sore...I don't want to get sick!!
I stay on it...
Petrino is going to be let go, what a difference a week can make in someone's life!
sorry, we don't have that functionality as yet, but when we do we will let you know.
Still kickin!
That goal completes the ChiTownGrandSlam, all teams won today!
Come celebrate with us!
What time you thinkin?
RT : your gona be to busy with doctorft tonight to get sushi.....arent you?
:
good ones!
seals and sea lions!
yeah!
This my jam.
RT GUYS: One day she'll move on and at that very moment you'll wish that you had not let her go.....
say that!!!
if you doctorve like your sister lol
What meeting are you at?
Your attitude is either the lock on, or the key to the door of success.
Denis Waitley
oh yeah gurllyy
Have a friend or someone special that lost their mom this year?
maybe now would be a good time to let them know you are thinking of them....
graphic novels have been growing in popularity here, especially Bone and Amulet.
Anyone have recs?
It was a damn good birthday.
Welcome to the 15 or so new members that joined so far today!
How did you find us?
no worries, obviously I got some soccer nerd in me too...I do follow you on twitter
New Orleans Hornets center Emeka Okafor could be sidelined for three weeks because of a strained left oblique muscle.
Coach
anyone have LA thrift suggestions....please let us know!
you might think the price of Arborio rice quite extravagant for the size of the container...
Please retweet if your a member of a winery and you want them to submit your favorite wine to 's 2012 wine contest
Watch out for the big girls !!
We fear rejection, want attention, crave affection and doctoram of perfection.
140 chars summary of the day: locked out of house, accidental halfcentury then BEER!
Dear Pandora , I like Mad World, that does not mean I want to listen to three covers of it back to back on quick mix.
no.
You are.
only through the message tab on top though.
NOWFOLLOWING Beauty catches attention but personality captainres the heart ...yeah tell me about it..
They never doctorve through Indiana...
MTV with your openly gay character is
and then he starts singing
my mom says she misses you btw hahah
How can I help you with your project?
Give me a call and I can answer any questions you may have.
CL Custom Flooring and Construction.
new haircut :D
old guys in Chelsea  lmao abouta get smacked tf up!
RT : I LOVE MY TEAM Jamaal Franklin  AW
That's doing way too much.
If you repping like that, you should be getting a check
My brain.
For sure I could respect that!
See you around
Happy International Woman's Day: To all the beautiful woman in the world...including myself.:
HSC is teaming up with the Charlotte Knights for Bark in the Ballpark!
Tickets are 11.
Bring your four legged friends!
June 13th at 1PM!
Never Without You Fan Comments: What a beautiful tribute to George Harrison!
Watching the News..Good morning!
World..
She ain't lying
Fuck it's almost 1.
Damn I really should have gone to bed an hour ago...
And summertime loves you back :

They say when you find the one, there will be no second guessing
hello there..do you have any idea when will katherine show up?
i miss her!
: please pick me : please for my daughters
hey don't u go to longwood high school
Best New Existence
love seeing innovative moves, break habits; a K5 shifting away from letter grades; I had O, S  N when I was a tot
made me do that face!
Umm..
So what do I do if I accidentally clicked on the wrong send later date
You are more than welcome!
Glad you had fun!!
ROYALS WIN!
Thanks to you too  maybe you can play The Paper Box sometime soon!
FollowReader Awesome!
Then we'll put it on YouTube.
i REALLY wish there was an eBook service similar to Spotify.
anyone know of one?
Pumps 15' U are Loaded best young team in Socal I know the Magic 15u is good but Pumps just has to much sizes
Vote for the Indy Reads Glove today!
Text READS to 86132 Would you like to volunteer with us?
Joing us at our July 25 Orientation.
2754040
Childish gam is a fucking G!!!!
Andoctors was a Northeastern University student who worked with ICDS as a coop during Spring Semester 2010.
OMG !
She's so annoying .
Take your ass to bed already !
onemoremonth 
are move to the DLeague where they hope to get to the playoffs.
for students who have reservations about FB then internal SNS will serve as a transition to making WW connections on FB
...
I am doing great sweetie!
...
Really sad to be losing to Japan in the fall ...
RoadTrip!
you played the sims and made houses without doors so when you purposely set fire to it the character would die 
Destroyed.
What about the injuries to CB and JG, Everything OK there?
Just seen the FEAR of TRUST promo featuring and Starring Ms Francesca Taylor.
Excited to release it Monday Jan 24th ::
mine is up to date, last done in 2010.
:
You're welcome!
: And haha, why?
RT : thnx 4 the follow and ur so lucky
unicorns or narwhals?
Lmfaoo my grandma telling us how she wanted to punch someone at the dmv lolol
Just mixed this Old School funk mix and I'm loving it like a dealer loves a new crack head!
Posting it by tomorrow!
r u gonna respond to my text or call me bac cuz I'm blowin u up
Rise and shine!
AUDITON DAY!!
Hope to see all you dancers there!
Nice!
Cant wait till November 22, 2013!
Damn i wish i could go back home this weekend..gotta work tho
Just got a haircut, i look pretty funky : hmm..i wonder...if those fish are still alive...
:D
one of the great American storytellers  songwriters.
So happy to hear your song on IDOL, but so happy to hear your songs ALWAYS!
i signed up to see u on camslover but cant find YOU.
Happy new year
Happy Friday as always :
Abandoned car
If u don't here from your Boo Thang before midnite tonite then u r the Jump Off
We all fall short of God's Glory!!!
But we get up!!!
No can point fingers!!!
We fall down, get up and we ARE STILL WORTHY OF GOD'S GRACE!!!
ATTN DJs  I'm in search of ACAPELLAS!
If you have an ACAPELLA crate with fairly recent material, hit me up!!
More details to follow!!!
is keeping up w/ the info as well.
well, I finally have a part time job and I'm not sure if I have to work memorial day.
It might be a few months!
As you well should...
that is a GORGEOUS ring!
if he likes the eagles, then i disapprove.
RT : Philly.
Flying out tomorrow actually!
And spending New Years in NYC
Hearing lots of love for the BCBos tshirts.
Great work by and on the designs.
Grab one before you leave!
: pride propels us to achieve more.
No doubt in my mind you will do BIG things
Hope nobody got hurt at the Miller Compressing fire.
o that sounds like so much fun!
did you just get back today?
Today's NY Times crossword was terrible.
Related point: can't wait until puzzles stop giving clues only 70year olds can get.
Bunbury can't hold it up, or win a header like CJ
just so you know wants to sex you
love is the answer it seems to most of the questions in my heart Jack Johnson..Better together!
Business clothes are so boring and colorless.
Today.
I'm bringing some flavor to the career world 
so high i cant even see haha
slaname AskPro: it sounds like a slash  burn startup based on a lame search engine.
There must be something else in the English language.
nice day today
When we believe that we deserve or we are entitled to...War is inevitable...
We appreciate referrals!
Now get 10 of your next order for qualified referrals.
1 RT : Still moping about the loss.
RT : Indie Band of the Day: Sacramento's SoulMotor.
Twofisted, riffrocking metal for fans of Monster Magnet and Zombie.
Movie night alone.
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
doctor Seuss
Don't forget we are open on Sundays!
;
Movie Night!
Anyone have a favorite?
I agree with you.
But it certainly IS for me :
out of breath is doctormtastic
Thank you Melody!!!
Love you :
Heading to the office early this morning.
Got so much to get ready for Ecclesia2012 OK and w/ our new service format!
More info coming
It's the countries of the Americas, as well all countries of Western, Northern, and Central Europe, Australia and New Zealand.
Just my luck..
haha, let us know how it goes.
I'm excited to show you the NEW analytics piece when it's done too.
Great OETC12 sessions today.
Already have a basketful of resources to try out: Tagxedo, Tube Chop, Twurdy, ZooBurst.
follow back?
:
Charles barkley using the shake weight was one thing i coulda went my whole life without seeing and id be a better person for it
I ended up not speaking, Betrayal!
but it's cool gives me time to work on me holding my ear and tunning up with the organ lolol
I sang you a song from friends lmao the one rachel  ross sang to emma to make her laugh
wow!!
Didn't see that coming...
you'd still be back in 15 minutes!
lol
Listening to Worth Believing with
Does Facebook have the power to deliver in mobile?
What do you think?
literally just inhaled tacos, what is wrong with me oh my god
I have a thing for Italian boys
Happiness doesn't come from getting more things.
It comes from finding a worthy purpose and pursuing it.
: EVilla was chill..good seein and !!Thank you!
see you again !
But knowing what you don't want can be just as important as knowing what you do, right?
this is a very real problem for me, tho, since I overuse both parentheses and smiley faces.
:
Toes like skipped pebbles as those first few steps are taken.
What do you have when you have two balls in your hands?
A man's undivided attention.
I haven't come on here in FOREVER and everything's changed.
God.
..
...how do you mistake me for a ugly little beaner when I'm white, not little, and not that ugly?
LOL silly bitch.
with all mahh loves :
Appreciate it, same to you fam!
Judicial activism obama?
Look yourself in the mirror and the last supreme court judge u appointed.
Cool.
Just got a book from OPL to read up on runner's knowledge.
A reminder: We our doing our shows this week on tuesday  thursday so make sure you dont forget!
that Hugh Jackman sure is doctoramy
The moon look so big and bright outside
unreal all the twitter people making a lot of assumptions about your life.
U R strong woman!
Much respect.
It's pretty good.
The best for corned beef, for sure.
No Heat for me tonight.
...
is a true leftie, but glued to the GOP primary coverage.
Fascinating...
Learning great social media tips from Josh Ochs MLtips http:medialeaders.tv
true but still in my experiences womans lies hurt worse because they are better at it..
I might be coming back to visit Seattle in August :
why oh why is every pair of chino/doctorss pant that I try on absolutely HUGE on me?
Wow Thats Dumb!
any thoughts on bloodhound?
Does that get hit hard on game night?
Tom Bergeron needs to tell Florence Henderson to go home

I plead the fifth Lol..
It's cool.
He can have some fun :
You know you've read a good book when you turn the last page and feel a little as if you have lost a friend.
Paul Sweeney
BackInElementarySchool You were the shit if you had the crayon builtin sharpener and lightup sneakers.
I am determined never give up.
Set and Accomplish your goals or die trying.
You guys should come to my house LOOOOOOOOL
Mention us!!
'FT will start offering top advertisers access to reader data'  Privacy concerns, yes, but eventually this will just be how it's done
he is from jersey and thinks they will relate to him more if they are form the area and he is probably right.
keep up the good work
I'm thinking about getting a dog and naming it Lebron James just so I can curse at it.
Lord plz let me make it to the cheap gas on Tryon
misterReed Can Kiss My Ass The Rest Of This School Year !
Lbs I Aint Been In His Class For Bout A Week .
Thanks for the RT, Warren!
BTW, do you have any cocktail recipes that use Verjus?
first question is about telecommunications access and policy
Hell ya tomorrows my birthday
Excited to try it!
Will it support the Tangent Wave?
thx!
If anyone has any insider information on the Northern Illinois position I'd be excited to hear  of the 50 apps NIU is my first choice

Buy one of those magic speaker bullet things.
Saw one in the checkout lines at over the weekend.
My mind tells my brain what to do
10 days until schools out; 37 days until One Direction concert; 61 days until I'm 16!
YEAH BUDDY3
Celebrating 3 hours for me!
Learning is not compulsory, but neither is survival.
W.
Edwards Deming
Woke up this morning wishing yesterday was a bad doctoram.
Dammit man.
I want to ask the lord why but that would be selfish of me.
R.I.P James
Focus Group, Manhattan, Friday March 23rd.
Looking for iOS device owners, males 18 30.
85 for 1  hours
You can beg all you want; lol
All I can say is wow
: Prince Fielder's 1st Tigers at bat was Um...like...yeah.
It was cool.
I don't know man, yeah, um...
yeah.
Holy cannoli!
What would it be like?
just joins Twitter today and she already has over 13,000 followers!
that is super sweet!
Day was pretty good...for a Monday :0
I know what i'm doing mayne :
Is it possible to be totally partial?
?
What?
Letterman?
why can't we all just get along
I was listening to Allegria by Kirsty Maccoll which leads into Us Amazonians but there are SO many!
Especially in musicals...
Don't say it if you don't mean it.
omg kenny he's so cute 333333
Electric Guest and Norah Jones have my 2 favorite albums out right now...
Theres a common thread there too...
Danger Mouse production
not for uk football.
That is our one shining moment, and it's a free poster.
It's not a big deal
Sigh  change in policies  I will not be lecturing on Princess Lines until later next year.
.
.
I just bought a fucking house!!!
Who all went to on Saturday?
We did and thought it was amazing!
So well done  organized!
some guy sang me a Mariah Carey song in the sub this morning..
So apparently yes hah
The heart has its reasons that the mind knows nothing of.
Blaise Pascal
Or maybe not lol...
I like mosley
good yea haha:
upgraded to Papers2 when it came out and still unable to connect to Livfe.
Why is this?
Game 3 in Boston Celtics vs
Woke up to a puking 3 yr old.
Gonna be a long day.
At least I get to watch the news as he's out of it.
NO THEY NOT!!!
lol
Damn that law And all who support it.
Open season, we are now back to the 50's, no 30's
; s/o to my bestfriend.
thanks for being there through everything!
love you crack head willis.
I hope you all step in dog shit.
:
Follow .
She'll follow you back if you ask her!!
Why am I always greeted by a bowl of unflushed shit in my bathroom at work?
I swear, if I find the person, I'm feeding it to them.
or your shirt and punch yourself in the nose
RT : Life's good.
Fuck the forecast cause everyday is sunny.
I'm smart enough not to fall for your tricks, Zuckerberg.
For the record, Wisconsin's finest citizens did not come to the Brewers game tonight.
Yikes.
I didn't straight my hair today.
What is your favorite way to spend a Sunday?
Every day I see my doctorams
great site.
back in Santo Diego
Fine, let's try this thing called Twitter.
.do it then add me
Kudos to for good customer service at south LNK store.
Replaced wife's dish with no grief when it wasn't right.
Ouch my foot hurts
hmm, brilliant name..
it's like 3 dimensions of BlueLine!
Heading to the court house to try and NOT get selected for jury duty!
We're sorry to see you go!
Thank you for your support of the Village Learning Place!
I better not miss this one!
Fast five 
I made some great veggie spaghetti last night!
I used the Smart Ground veggie crumbles...
i need a sloppy joe with a dab of sugar!
This nigga said yo mama so fat, when you came out you had stretch marks ha
I see the makings of an opinion post or us four on a ToolBar episode.
;
Dear Austinites.
I need info on Austin Neighborhoods.
Whats up and coming, what should be avoided.
TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Rocket power
The Asian lady upstairs is freaking out like crazy, she be stompin on the floor and shit.
I'm like calm yo titz!
i want my tour dvd to come in the mail already
maz follow me cause I love you and maybe we can be friends ;
Never underestimate the power of cute black
Supposedly the guy from the TV infomercials just died.
Is this true.
I love how I tweet to follow me to help me with a master plan and he notices everyone but me...
look what's trending ; I LOVE YOU
why are you tired?
justask RT
I'd walk across the street to speak with the Lady.
WTF is that?
I'd rather be time trialing
RT if you cant wait for the premiere of JONAS L.A., The World Tour, Camp Rock 2, and all other excited Jonas things happening this summer.
you will explain this one day....correct?
BadChurchNames East Side Blood of God
I have been sent some emails by people who report on each other in ways that I don't know how to begin to read!
hey Thanks for the follow back.
What kinda awesome music do you listen too?
We're gonna rip this mother F'er off.
We're gonna tear this mother F'er down.
3 Day weekend starts tonight at
put me down for safe house too then lol
I seriously think I'm gonna run out of gas and I'm only a mile from the gas station.
Shit.
you buys going to go to Rhinlander?
Excellent!
I'd make a classical dubstep Pandora station, but I wouldn't get to see the high kicks.
'it's weird that chairs even exist when you aren't sitting in them'
You're cute ;
Part of LSU's appeal is supposed to be alumni Better Than Ezra?
Yikes.
thank you!!!
Will Montee stay or will he go??
It's almost time Asdfghjkl
Is it just me, or is there no share option for things that show up in newsfeed on Facebook Mobile?
materialism is distinguished by its lack of imaginative power probably the single idea i agree with
That's why I didn't go to the back cause you were there lol jk love you Torey!
I see you 
that's a plus.
Though I'm guessing most things do.
Unsigned artists who are serious about music.
Why haven't we exchanged music?
Let's network!
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart  Helen Keller
Listening to a song that had me in love with a girl in college.
Ha, wonder what would have happened if she ever knew it?
Hm : Go Stevie!
Big Kickoff return  And Wildcat short passing game  Puts NU back up 
Common lookin god
Those creepy that follow you on twitter and tou have absolutely no idea who they are...
Crazy verdict!!!
why all these niggas on facebook being tagged in pictures of shoes?
Guarrantee that was the first time julien lewis has played the back of press.
understand the error
damn we were hoping for a booty shot
Enjoyed Last Night of December.
It's a very good film.
I cant really eat New England Clam Chowder
Im glad you're here for when my lunch break online shopping becomes perplexing, Twitter.
Wen u on that thick life everyone real nicee
Great finish
bcuz imma stay with my grandpa :
you're not the only one!
That's why there needs to be better information out there  so consumers aren't set up for failure.
i havn't been on here in months!!!
:
Back from SoCal just want to say thank you for the love you show the Brohydes !!!!!!!
What if mobile2012 breakout sessions where 75 minutes instead of 60 minutes?
I dominate Fantasy Basketball cause I know how to find the gems on the FA wire like Nate Robinson and Charlie Villanueva
It's so weird to see Corey and topanga brake up, when you know in the end they get married.
it aint really them they pay people to upload shit on they timeline.
Seeing no difference between your skin tone and the color of the sidewalk.
I'm over SBC as a comedian, but I'm willing to give him a chance as an actor based on Hugo and Sweeney Todd
is mine.
Just got my copy ; RT : Spending some quality time getting to know The Startup Owner's Manual by Steve Blank.
Can't believe I had to do that.
evernoticed how can a girl wear gallons of makeup and put in fake hair , and wanna be a barbie ,but expect to find a REAL man
LOCEA is the Legislative Oversight Commission on Education Accountability
Quote: The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes.
Winston Churchill
I like it when he smacks me on my ass.
lol
misterGriffin just said Excuse me while I kiss this guy.
Yes everyone he admitted it.
Poly potluck tonight!
I return to my alliterative ways after a break, by bringing pork.
Ha, I know.
My friend reminded me last night at the dance that if I were married/pregnant, I probably wouldn't be at the dance!
Far too early to call anything.
But 111 districts in, about 13 percent.
Doorley, Randall, Brooks in lead.
dude ranch You may think your different but this is where you belong.
.
Old school all the way there is always a message.
yup..
went out to enjoy my coffee ..
started yard work then looked down and saw my slippers oopps :

He was an ass to everyone else, because they were horrible to him.
Why would he ever be nice to some of those people?
Many of our locations still have venues available for Holiday Parties, have you booked yours yet?
Contact your fav location for more info.
Still not sick of call me maybe
Hand down man down
Happy Irish day!
Don't care what percentage you are.
5, 25 or 200.
Have a brew with some buds and feel lucky.
You got it.
Relationships should serve each person.
Allow both to explore themselves deeper and love deeper.
fair enough.
One free week off is always a winner.
Celebrate responsibly tonight and ring the New Year in right!
Make 2012 the year you schedule an eye exam!
Thanks for the FF!
How have you fared on your latest adventure?
20factsaboutme 11.
I use to live in the country
Trying 2 educate atheists  humanists that believers R victims also.
Psychopaths created religion 4 the benefit of psychopaths.
June 22nd Im going to the LMFAO concert at the A in Miami!!
Damn Straight!!
Quote Tha Prodigy...Nuff Said!!!
Make your emergency supplies a priority.
There could come a day when its all that matters.
Could be quite a wake up call...have yours early
SHOULDERSHINE and the
Hey help us get to 200 followers?
Tell your friends!
RT : AFS volunteers say thank you to supportive schools and teachers!
Idea: Use your Pinterest board so as to make Cayce Pollard projectile vomit
Excited for A B  The Sea / Tommy  The High Pilots / Yellow Red Sparks TONIGHT!
First 200 get a FREE copy of A B  the Sea's new CD!
Just checked new BIW user stats.
Between January and June '11 we've added 10,651 unique new users at an average of 410 per week.
So exciting!
You're gonna do awesome, Krissy.
:
Thanks for checking in last week, Cody!
Have you found a great new apartment yet?
:
I think the original has more levels.
Women think that some men are monsters.
Too bad monsters are created, not born.
Think before you act ladies.
If you eat well, you must speak well..
African Proverb
Roses are red, violets are blue, I wanna jam my penis inside you.
And to top things off, today I figured out how to use my new printer for the first time!
Recently discovered you guys and am in love.
Keep the great music coming!
Love Colder Weather...
when was that cool?
Haha
RT : Your face is racist
GardenofBones just started and I'm already worried the hour will end too soon!
Happy Mother's Day, I love you momma3 Your the best!
I just finished doing Coast To Coast AM with George Noory!
It was an absolute blast!
Thanks George and I can't wait to visit you again!
they are a perimeter team.
When the shots don't fall they can lose to anyone
Been listening to punk rock all day.
I feel like a arrogant 14 year old with stupid hair all over again.
Carl Jung warned about the danger of onesidedness.
How true for leaders in organizations and in their personal lives as well!
30 Rock was amazing tonight.
It should be 9pm Community 9:30 30 Rock on Thurs.
NBC wake up!
dorm The Dorm Room Diner
I can't wait, but I'm not ready.
Wearing wedges in protest of this nonsummer weather.
Like carrying an umbrella to prevent rain, the sandals will bring sun and warmth.
why you there Zach?
The Hulk always wears the same pants.
Grungy.
First thing ima do when I touchdown in LA, Marry Lol
If you're in Frankfurt, Germany, make sure to stop by to see lots of new music gear.
Come say hi to us at booth 3.0 E80
So what do u think of Wallace wanting a better contract than you have?
I'm a Steeler fan and I think he is kidding himself!
Making new music babies!
un placer!
OK, Hunger Games parents, how'd it work out with the kids?
Nightmares?
Just a dandy time at the movies?

Really dont understand what they do to us...
Fuckin done with!
weirdest doctoram ever
i love this so much listen to my new cd my parents got me the one thing cd of 1direction aaaahhhhh i lovve it so much 3333333
I know samee, I only see you in 9th period, but how was life after Rachel and I left you?;
your tweets are quite vulgar today..
not James cause you left him
You are invited to enter the TEM500 EggandMuffin 2Slice Toaster and Egg Poacher giveaway on AllDayGiveAways.com via
well ya...
u can obv go on for days with that trend
You Deserve it Kay
still full!!
Memphis Meltdown
Working on memo regarding Mayor's Infrastructure Trust as Bruins head into OT w the Capitals in NHLPlayoffs tied 33!
Go Bruins.
Oh you mean the show Goosebumps!
I thought u were watching a horror movie that was giving u goosebumps!
Never mind.
Lol
The difference between fiction and reality?
Fiction has to make sense.
I got one of those too
looking at resumes.
one person uses the term professorssional Preparation instead of Education.
I like that.
I watched you ride right past be going north as I walked to work today
Long time since a sweep it up asshole chant huh?
In other news, I'm mucho looking forward to TxLA12 tomorrow.
Who am I hugging in the exhibit hall?
I'm taking numbers.
Aaron Rodgers MVP.
How many duper bowl mvps did favre win?
Answer 0.
Stop in tonight between 5pm and 830 pm and mention this tweet and we will give you 50 off your doctornk: Yep, we make it just that easy
let us know when its finished..
love to check it out
dcmi2009 Emma Tonkin on usercentered design of metadata
Happy OpeningDay fans!
just realized today is Terry Gilliam's Birthday.
Happy Birthday wish to one of the greatest geniuses in film history
and HEAT can't win championship!
At Orange Glen high, Point Loma is up on the Patriots 70 late in the first quarter
Julius Caesar is the most boring book ever!
May sprinkle contents on unheated applesauce.
Swallow mixture immediately without chewing.instructions for Omeprazole
Looking for new shades to bring in the new year???
www.windowfashionsnm.com has all of your home or office shades you need!
Visit us today!
u wanna b my wife huh
Team Kortovich will spot you 15 points and the best NYC cheeseburger vs in a 3point shootout.
Chelsea Piers, lets do it
Hi.
Thanks!
Can you please DM me your email or phone so we can schedule a convo?
Wow what an ending to a great season of Smash !
Cant wait to see what comes next season!
Wats goody friend!
Or reverse it, to put his last initial first RT please stop shortening to GZ or George Z.
thx
Thanks just saw that myself, deleted it.
Changing pwrd next.
Thanks for letting me know.
Sorry everyone who r'cd DM from me NOTMINE
Tuesday's are always so bolss.
Yes, I said bolss.
It's boss with an L.
Get used to it.
I'm pretty sure almost positive that I'm too insecure for a relationship.
RT : How to be followed by me ?
1 Retweet this 2 Follow 3 tweet me
In your face !
Jordan Hulls
No, Memphis Music Monday isn't this Monday, but it is next Monday April 16!
Free great, live music and appetizers!
Providing services that are consistent with students' experiences in the world outside of academia.
juss work music and being a daddy lol
When I beat the pussy up she tell me that she love me
Tickets for our show with Mariana's Trench and The Audition are on sale now!
Enjoy the popcorn!
strafe swat  hold L2 and L1 at the same time
paring or butter?
She got swagg lol RT : The ugliest girl on my tl gets the most attention.....
Why oo
i don't get the points of bullybuttons .....
I really enjoyed and learned a lot via your tweets.
Have a good night.
If GZ was black, the bail would be higher than 150k.
Maybe no bail at all.
Super busy and productive day!
But is it 5:00pm yet?
Because mymomsintown !
Thanks for the follow  hope you had fun on the Bus...love that initiative!
I can't wait for the premiere..
Gonna have some doctorpal fun at nagw2011!
sorry to creep guys, really sorry...
I just saw it on the newsfeed...
Just setting the record straight.....
Yessir!
: dope shit.
ya'll over at tonic tonight right?
packing blows but every time I see my asshole neighbors, I go pack another box.
iJever just want attention, just ignore him!!
Hes a hater
Gettn on my bbyfavas nerves tonight lol don hve no one else to bug tonight lol
hello:D
baha too funny
2am and I'm up watching the Cards.
Off to bed.
Pray the 2d half is better than the 1st.
I'll see in the morning.
have you recently been ill to where you could have died for a minute?
If so you might want to call Ed and have a chat.
Damn getting caught up
YSL race at Copper today!
Happy Birthday, AlexChilton!
Thank you, friend.
SB107 Reality: Rental rates subject to change without notice.
Deposits may fluctuate based on credit, rental history, income, and other ...
: true facts!
probably just depends on your definition of obese and what's considered over weight.
50 lbs over is obese, but over what weight?
Two days after Christmas break and already thinking about summer
Thanks 4 the follow, I've been enjoying your previous tweets.
yea it was a sad year...
but luckily we are going back to two orchestras next year
go to school to eat them stake and taters, go and chunk a duce to my boy misterBaker 
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful Moms in the world...
Especially mine :
You click this nyc.thedelimagazine.com vote for SPACECAMP, we get free cool stuff, you get to be the reason!
U LUV US WE LUV U!
Made it to TX safe  sound!
Job hunting, house hunting, melting in the triple digit Austin heat.
Bleh!
ItsHOT!
That awkward moment when you freak out because you can't find your phone and you're on it...that's what I get for being sassy to the cashier
: Happy mothers day to all the moms and everyone who plays the role of one
why u did not come over here we got some girls and we got the fight
Them's some fancy tables!
finished working w/ Special Olympics players ...
had Team Shoot around while the parents had their own workshop ..
next up: hsaaaclassic !!
Ok.
Are we the only ones to see that the Hard Rock Casino Guitars cover the 30 foot screens at Isleta?
By love you mean doesn't miss at all right??
All i want is Mary Mary Mary i aint fuckinn wit no otherr doctorg
Imma get the power ranger helmet design on each nail !
Very cruel.
There's nothing you can do except be there.
RT : sorry to hear about that.
Cancer is cruel.
Have a glass of wine  contemplate the ways we are connected to the ancient Romans it's Arts  Humanities Month, so celebrate!
U/D Pulaski  53YOM gsw to leg, medics taking to area trauma center in serious but stable cond
nah at butterfly bar on manor
any news from the presentation last week?
then how will it be?
Wanted Houston but Arian Foster is a beast!
my favorite is don't you dare call me crazy!!
Hello Suze I watch you on QVC often, the Women Empowering Women sounds to be very interesting.
Do a great job!
tapa the world?
7 fouls to 1?
Heat leading in that category.
Seems to be a disconnect there.
I take it you didn't enjoy the Dunkin' Donuts Artisan bagels?
Gotta try the chicken flatbread RT : in the doctorve thru 4 Taco Sunday!
Lol!
I'll work it off in the gym 2mor!
click the little box next to the follow button.
Coming to VIVA MEXICO?
Enjoy food, doctornk, music, dance and costumes of Mexico.
Explore art and culture in four museums.
See mingei.org.
You need to stop twitter stalking.
there shall never be a perday limit on the best snack food in the entire universe
Recently attended a free Job hunting webinar courtesy of ALA's LLAMA.
I think snobbery is my new 1 top peeve.
Here's hoping that helps me doctorve it out of all areas of my life.
I'm thinking about going off the rails...
on purpose...
You got my vote.
Bitches too clingy.
Cannot believe my prom group fell apart just like that
OnlyInSanFrancisco do you walk into Salvation Army and they are playing a album.
So true!
RT : Students can be successful if you give them opportunities to be successful.
Arne Duncan Momcon2012
45 years ago OBAMA was still EATING DOGS, FRYING his BRAINS on doctorGS, and PUSHING girls a few years later...
Get 10 off a 40 meal at the Prado restaurant when you bring in your receipt from the Titanic Exhibition April 915!...
Graduating from culinary school on March 7th.
Best 6 months ever at the Institute of Culinary Education!!!!
Almost back to alaska
I have a terrible feeling this might be a game of bad ref calls.
Will be quite odd not seeing Pat Summitt on the Tennessee women's basketball sidelines next season.
Sending her good thoughts.
lets have our sleepovers again 3.
doctornk more
Like the world's greatest couch, Our Hero is always comfortable.
RT : Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
Einstein
Currently talking to Peixoto's agent, asking the tough questions.
All for you
Q3 Closed stacks may be old school, but they work for our library and collections
MT : Fundoctorising events can get new donors in the door, but you have engage them to keep them coming back.
Fuck bitches get money.
Nobody is perfect so you hating isn't worth it
the nfl has actually convinced you that the doctorft is exciting television.
Its 945 and all i can think of is sad things.
Make it stop.
If she wasnt special ed, I would of beat the shit outta her !
why are you quoting things from like back in myspace..
RT : Once they stop talking to you, they start talking about you.
lol.
Whatchu know about the Oak Cliff??
How many entries today?
I am trying to gauge how early I need to arrive tomorrow.
Thanks.
i hope you mean howtopleaseahoodoctort bc i can think of nothing more me than that!
American Family lays off 87, Hostess to lay off 184.
Forward?
Hi Barry great stuff!
let me know if you want to talk SB!
'fraid I can't, little miss.
I'm picking the next one!
;
Thanks Ben!
RT : yes i know these cleats are wornout  there is a hole starting to form.
but how can i give them up?
they're like my kids
hahaha I know im sitting on a plane hearing them argue
The latest on the tricky weather situation on the CBS 58 News at Noon.
Man I dont like watching depressing ass shit when Im high.
So true.
LOL
yeah!
Let's do it!
Tomorrow works for me ha
I imagine that woman thought: Sorry to fall on you but if I didn't stand here  not hold on to this bar I'd never make it out at my stop!
Sorry to everyone who isn't laughing their asses off at my fucking picture hack.
Screw you whoever passed that bullshit.
Congrats for being selected into Governors School
ey I sent you a text
I'm having a twitter party tonight instead ;
I hope OKC beats the lakers just so I can rub it in Anthony's face  piss him off.
raw10 I was riding with an Atheist, when the Brakes went out.
The Atheist screamed out, 'Help Me Jesus!'
lol I answered u this time.
Waiting in line to become roughly a half billionaire
Mildenhall: Three teenagers arrested following BB guns scare  East Anglian Daily Times
Accustom yourself continually to make acts of love, for they enkindle and melt the soul.
St.
Teresa of Avila
no kidding!
How do you do stand by?!
It's reprehensible.
I should have done more um, YEAH.
and maybe saved other kids from that
Not at all.
Lee's birthday too.
No idea how it still exists either.
Much less as paid holidays for state workers
stop it.
stop it now.
come to Houston!!
Day 2 Film Producing conference
You had me  2 in Boston: This is how we do it  the Shamisterck...2 bud light bottles, Red Sox, Dj, 
Hey nerds: Is the blue man group a bunch of rubbish doctor Manhattans?
Maybe one day they'll let you pump your own gas in Jersey, that may help with the lines :
I find it okay to question things.
lasttimetheheatwon..Lil Kim was still relevant
Never heard of it.
I'd say Kentucky Gentleman or Heaven Hill is the worst I had.
1 trains are killing me today
Made it to Nebraska!
Kickin it tonight with , , , and
Ohh wipes forehead lmfao I was about to say o.o
way to be productive!
I played golf with dad and took a nap!
Why was conference awesome?
librarians, is it better to slow down/take a break from grad school to get more experience in libs or just go ahead and graduate asap?
That's for sure!
RT : Easter: top 2 holiday in candy sales and embarrassing outfits : photoalbums.
Have a Good Friday.
just uploaded this app on my computer.
Come get our Featured Gas Grill  our Maple Road location or order it online!
Shelf Stiffener is used to reinforce a standard shelf in the longitudinal direction when increased shelf load capacity is required.
CIO Quote of the Day from Brent Stacey: at Idaho Natl Lab Management is a career; leadership is a calling.
I sent some nice flowers with choccies : Her Birthday is in a few weeks too...
totally spoiled mum!
not in hadoop but hive and hbase are going somewhat in that direction
Yup, had to put the air conditioner on today!
thanks for the mention: Have a good Monday.
When considering a Mother's Day dinner for yo mamma, remember  she'll appreciate the coq au vin.
Trust me on this one.
Early Friday.
Heading to Bay City tomorrow night so I can ride up with family.
Sad to be missing The Avengers :
uh huh,, u was on da other line with some Nigga
why is there someone in their 70s in my History class?
All of her coughing is very concerning.
Please don't die in class.
Think like a man.
Got a cool, new video to show in a bit.
It's rendering presently, and then I need to upload it to youtube.
Stay tuned.
Ranting an getting ready to head out or just ranting?
And now pigs are here
how can you be hungry and have to poop at the same time???
lol..
Bro you can meet somewhere though and I got u.
right.lol.
2 years ago ,but I could never forget it!
I'm just a stick figure with a happy face attached
There is no excuse for being out in public in curlers, but most especially not when one is shopping .
WTF?
Hail video from Nebraska earlier tonight is wild, looks like an inch of snow on the ground
Lasley settles down after a rough start and orchestrates a 123 inning of his own for St.
Xavier.
Trinity still ahead 30 after 2 innings.
Woke Up Late .
: Do something every single day that scares you.
seriously love this quote
Aaagh my favorite bar for avoiding Superbowl is having a Superbowl party.
Why Burnhearts why??
well played, but everyone knows what he's there for, energy and good d.
If you watched the games you could see the imporvement on O
Thanks for the list love!!
:
boring saturday.
steve bergen is here!
33 hours...
So great!!
I had that last Thursday at It was fantastic.
Perfect summer beer.
So greatful to live in San Antonio and its crazy but lovely weather.
OMG!!
We had pervs.
at my soccer game looking at our asses and they were 19 or 20 and we are 1314!!!
black bean soup w chorizo is very healthy without the sour cream high in fiber, high in C  iron, low in calories!
We're talking about the BBC series and not the movies, right?
If so, it's worth it.
In west Philadelphia, born and raised!
On the playground, is where I spend most of days!
take it away Niall!
;D 
sorry you had a long day i would have done whatever it took to get you out of the elevator
He does  it's creepy!
: I gotta say this guy from the Queen Extravaganza REALLY sounds like Freddie Mercury...
Has there ever been a week worse than this in Mariner history?
Powernap while diablo 3 installs and gotta wait til 3 for servers to come on
RT : They're making Twilight: the Musical.
Now we finally understand why the Mayans booked us for 2012.
Through July 17th mention coupon code 5forJuly receive an additional 5 off our already low prices on solid prefinished hardwood flooring!
sorry for the site tonight w got home late.
My sons first tball game
I'll take Hopslam.
Although I haven't had Hopzilla before.
Im not n asshole, i jus DON'T GIVE A FUK ALOT
Learn to seek Gods face and not his hand because when u learn to seek Gods face his hand will always be open
Yes, yes, yes ..
I know ...
Forgive me my Tweeps  for I have failed to tweet for a while!
I'm just taking it easy!
: No worries!
xo
We're talking with Watergateera White House counsel John Dean.
Some people doctorve like they wanna die...
I think I'm going to make an RC float, and dipped strawberries.
: Oh, this sounds good.
I LOVE MY LIFE!!!!!!
Balthazar terrorpigeon check back for updates!!!!
iLoveWhenYou say u love me.
shhhhhhhhhhhhh.
Don't tell nobody!
will def check out your blog.
Looking forward!
F.
.
This is why I still think there is viable stuff in a literature circle approach.
If teacher's in loop.
Sore throat and frustration.
Well, these are new to me.
Ohh hey sexy college boy in my living room with a broken knee.
Boys you have no idea how much better you can make a girls day by just talking to her.3
oh, you lucky son of a gun;  i'm being a total wimp about this, but ugh!
just don't wanna do it.
If I had a gun....
Well let's just be glad I don't have a gun...
Last real sale was January.
After 9 months, I just have to admit that no one is buying.
Please follow us Holocaust  Intolerance Museum of NM combats hate  intolerance  promotes understanding through education
Thanks for the follow Louis!
dark man.
super dark.
Does that just mean you bought an extra case of high life?
We're ready.
Not sure what for yet, but we're ready.
They planned to meet at the theater then move to painting.
I'll check  share an update next wk.
You should keep any documents that have an impact on your tax return for three years.
cool!
Tees run 10 a pop
Book A Star for Your Next Event.
Send Offer or Price List Request to DNS AGENCY For All Your Booking Needs
Heard a few good responses.
Pitt and Mizzou seem like good fits.
After recent battles, I'd like to see Badgers vs.
KState regularly
I wish you every desire you have ever wanted; and most of all I wish today is the happiest day of your life.
I'm too lazy to search for beer, so it's iced tea for now.
Any of your noncreepy listeners can deliver me beer though.
If anyone knows where I can get some cheapish dublin boots in size 5 then let me know: x
any updates on when the Web Books are available?
Class act Panther fans throwing shit on the ice
Welcome to Chicago Expo!
SSE12 While you're here, enjoy a Segway tour of our city!
With show pass 10 off!
3125525100
Why yes, We shall dine in the finest of grills this afternoon, the Thai Grill on Granville.
I hope to impress thee, Lady De.
aw you have a sad face or ying yang in your username yOURE SO FUCKING ORIGINAL IT HURTS
Love the song Million Bucks of the
One of Boston's best days of the year today with the marathon and redsox!
I loved running as a bandit in '99.
Stay hydoctorted runners!
Goodnight Makyla :D
4 kids, 400 miles.
Great weekend camping, but time for rest
When your tummy's feeling funny and your ass is hot n' runny.
It's called pulling a Harvick!
cool.
I was born in La Ceiba, Honduras
yup, they sound great but no one up here has ever heard of them.
about to dj this birthday party!!!!
Cleaning closets today...
Who knew women could own so many shoes and WBAsized title belts?
Try You Are Everything by The Stylistics, or Voyage To Atlantis by The Isley Brothers.
Classic RB.
AHAHAHA I know!
so um I saw you when I was leaving the rec center, we were the car with What Makes You Beautiful blaring....
Loyola/Fairfield has been 4744 forever now with 7 seconds to go.
No overtime please!!!
BWW went from 45 cent wings to 50 cent 
EVERY word you hear or speak every day is either giving life or bringing death.
please follow mee:D
Thanks!
That'd certainly make me walk a little taller.
How's training going?
My new volunteer has more talent and experience in his thumb than I ever will.
Here's to being a great recruiter...?
Life's just one big awkward moment.
Oh really bitch?
Thought you weren't hungry.
lololol.
i how you'll get better jason 3 3
The fact that it's 2012 and not every politician has jumped on the equal marriage for all bandwagon is why I stay away from politics.
You know you're busy when you haven't looked for 3 days...
where do you think tomorrow ranks in biggest games of bo ryans Wisconsin tenure?
Top 5?
enjoyed our conversation today about and Did I miss anyone?
Ok 1 more
Boardwalk Empire is so good.
I can't wait for the new season.
Also, I'm trying to figure out wtf is going on in True Blood.
for sure u are!
welcome!
xx
I feel like I look so cute in the water!
I am in love with your show!!
Find it hilarious if your means to tweeting is your mobile device that doesn't work but you.manage to still tweet
thank you agree completely
yessir here now call me
I hate lound talkers!
Miss my better half.....
You could potentially escalate it from there if need be!
I love kids tho , and when I have my own kids I'm going to be the best mom EVER !
Apparently Tom Brady is the TRUE choosen one.
Really wish people could just take things for what they are and not read into things!
What a great group!
So excited
up now team
Four hours of menstrual nausea.
Fun.
girl: Hey, I got some super good news.
me: Is it about One Direction?
girl: No.
me: Than get out my face, Loser!
ice cold.
I use to beat it up while she dance to the tune
Pride, commitment, teamworkwords we use to get you to work for free.
thank you bro!
:
I'm not givig you a bj, but meh nothing really...you princess?
if nothing and u want a girl doctornking partner I'm done
TGIH  Thank the Gods and Goddesses I'm Heathen!
I think it would be a good match up...
Neither team gets all the calls
I'm liking the Spotify thingy.....: making a half bad day...better!
who is this ?
hilarious.
He told me he was real bt i neva thought he was...lol...
Oh, the Places You'll Hear About!
Happy Birthday
Not MY dog.
barkstoomuch // Take Your Dog To The Office And Stress Less
thanks for the great event; met so many interesting entrepreneurs!
My biggest problem is that I believe almost everything I tell myself
friends, I DIDNT HAVE A DATE  it's okay lol
Apparently I'm not the first!
Yes, that's what she said!
You guys were rad tonight.
CA love!
oh my god
Been on the roof.
SaySomethin is an awesome song I love it : 3

you know before the ;
Good morning, Baltimore!
This game is fucking insane.
Seeing Crosby mouth pussy on camera....my clothes are off.
cheap at what cost?
their model is a bait and switch.
only looks cheap.
with the add ons they cost same as the major carriers.
Big inning
Its a sunday no cussing needed lol as madea wuld say
Having great catch up convos!
Gonna miss being around club room ;
Vote for for Sac's Best Neighborhood Bar on KCRA's AList.
They would love to win 2 yrs in a row!
Great people and Pub!
she so perfect for you, why wouldnt you have feelings for her?
Have 5 more hours in the airport.
Cool.
And only one free hour of wifi.
Someone just shoot me now please.
RT : Scripture of comfort:: I sought the Lord and He heard me and delivered me from all of my fears Psalm 34:4
Wrong.
Exactly the opposite.
To move out of lothrop or stay...
Unfortunately, my allergies have become so outrageous that I left the actual painting of the tree to my sister.
Hopefully it'll turn out.
Do you really need to ask?
If not blackout level then at least offend the hostess level.
really does
Learn how to search for registered trademarks using the Trademark Electronic Search System today  5pm in the Homer Rice Center.
Yay!
Just realized, im finally at 300!
I really hope it goes up, not down.
':
on the way to doctorpalcon with as part of the Promet Gold sponsor team
Hey Boston fans...
Feeling cockyandbitter on mothers day?
Eat a cheesesteak!
It seems that pimpnosis and hiphop culture is an influence...what doctorws you to rap culture as a medium?
I miss Frank the Pepperoni Cannoli Guy.
Brady ain't the same without him.
Shit...I just referred to Chicago as home......I don't know how I feel about that.....
Oh, Wady.
RT In the criminal justice system, a dirty anus is considered especially heinous.
That sums it up right there...you live by the three...and die by it....
Yep!
Follow EPL and La Liga.
Season ticket holder to MLS Sounders FC here in Seattle....
Trees that have been planted within the last three years need to be watered three times a week.
Old trees can be 2X month
confused bout what?
i mean i don't need nudes.
I mean having a friend to talk to is good.
u having man issues or friend issues?
If i played runescape id be like bong making lvl82
Good Day Mates!
and massage cuz my back and my inner legs are hurtting lol
Barrier 1 to faculty engagement  I don't have time.
love the socks.
Newt is proud of expanding govt.
Mitt hearts regulations.
They are both proud of paying taxes.
This is a Republican debate?!
Common sense is not so common.
Voltaire
The bible is not responsible for any atrocities.
People are responsible.
The Bible is a message of Gods love thru Jesus Christ.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: 12 Lg Pizzas any toppings..WOW!
4147628866
Ha.
Pretty good.
hello Marina:
Victory sent The Bunny The Bear for me to preview, proving once  for all that Brummel believes there is no such thing as bad publicity
The anger and emotion was missing in the Glee version
I have been twenty for a whole month....
what?!
Just watched a live taping of
we have changed the policy of our online program.
for those brands already locked in with us all will remain the same.
Mastering Pinterest at AuthorU
Black Keys enter to Wu Tang Clan.
Quality.
The people with how may I help you buttons r ready to assist!
Don't forget buses stop running at 5:30  start again at 9:30
Happy New Year!
wishing you all a healthy and prosperous 2011......planned the work, now working the plan!
Okay okay, I am glad I always have you.
3 btdubs, it's green.
Walked creepily close to some very well doctorssed business men just to hear them continue to speak in their beautiful British accents
It's just that UGLY part of ME .....
Just downloaded the free tracks off your site.
Really great stuff, guys.
Look forward to hearing more.
I'm coming to cascade with my truck covered in sticky notes !
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
is my mom pregnant again????
oh no!!!
Our usual dough is vegan, but the gluten free has eggs.
Our soy cheese has casein, but right now we have a limited time vegan opt.
Time for some Monday Trivia!!!
How many roses do you think went into to making the World's Largest Bouquet?
I guess we are also at peak Cameron.
We are definitely in the late Scott period, Prometheus' potential badassness aside.
Sure, let's sidebar this conversation for later.
Welcome to SD, hope you brought a coat!!
hey ; tweet me im really bord
happy easter.
babe if you wanna talk you start it off cuz im not going to give u the time u don't deserve
ond of them is for NYU's web privacy tech incubator, PRGLab  tell all your hacker friends about it!
Vols Needed  BarCode, Das Ethiopian, Mourayo  Tonic  Quigley's.
On 4/26 raise funds  have fun.
Can u help?
I think Bronson Pinchot should be cast as Abed's father on
The way Austin's voice goes high in SaySomethin.
Sex.
Finding it soo hard to wait to find out about this job.
Kinda like a kid on Christmas that's how much I'd LOVE to get it!!
I'm a fan of the Palace Cafe.
Nice and close to the hotel.
Great food.
Such a shame someone had to murder selena..
she was Freaking awesome
IKnowThisOneGirl whos a major fag and has no friends3
Need to be on the beach already!
onemoreweek3
I have the worst luck ever....I missed them when they came in the Summer and now that they have a billion fans here I can't even see them
Danny Granger and Paul George getting they asses locked up...........
I would totally go but I'll be in Vegas.
What's up Tony?
What happened?
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
Thich Nhat Hanh
Yes Bitches, Miley owns 2012 :
Is it just me or is always hungry?
I feel like the only person severely underwhelmed by it.
Just shook hands with in Dupont Circle.
This Friday is looking good.
her jet blue flight from Boston was supposed to land  7ish last night.
Around 6:30 they were told they were going to LB.
where to?
How was ryan's party?
haha I'd say the heat are the golden team.
Always a blast getting together with other curious, innovative journalists.
Madison is rich with thoughtful pros!
went good!
Decent weather and a lot of heart being shown.
Some young guns stepping up.
It was great meeting yesterday!
We are so excited you love LetsListen!
Thank you so much for the support.
familyalways will be here for you dad
going to SD this weekend to see my family!
Haha RT : shoulda punched that news guy in the eye....
Haha he was being a bully himself
the song is playing now
Couldn't make it until two, or noon on Thurs.
FSMBs new policy favors the use of opioids for longterm pain management, despite an epidemic of painkiller abuse and addiction.
At the vet with my dog who just had a seizure...he's too fat.
Matt, i think the new iPad does not offer enough to compel me to leave my iPad2.
Photo and graphics people will enjoy it.
thank you :
Spent a couple of days with the on the bus tour this weekend.
Great crowds!!!
Nov.
8 should be a good day
I don't gunplay cuz I don't play wit.gunz trynna find out where I stay bitch I stay wit gunz !
I'm on my Waka shit love them gun sounds!
Why are we awake?!
What You Want..In My Pants xD
I like that!
RT Heard this at a recent TEDx event cover bands don't change the world so be passionate, unique, original
hey rob!
thanks for reading.
do you go back and visit la often?
Nbd.
My Geometry teacher just did the worm in our classroom...
Mind sex??
85 degrees here in Chicago.
LET'S FIGHT!
it all cancels out though.
i get my smiles from a reliable source.
take it easy on the jello shots
Hardware.
We work on a right budget so I have to fiddle a lot to make up for the equipment we have.
has a girl friend and I believe does as well but I would just die in an exploding fire if did
thanks for the follow, i love traveling too!
I was going to wear my jeans today, but then I realized that my belt was already on my khakis from yesterday.
So much for becoming a doctor.
I have a new favorite show!
PrisonBreak is amazing!
Can't stop watching it!

Bcuz some of those songs, your vocals are waaaayyy too loud...
u will have a hard time getting ppl to listen 2 it..
I knew I was missing something 3
haha they know that I'm a funny guy.
Awful night in NY sports..
Stuck by the longest train ever.
Grrrr
that song is stupd
A great part about corporate work is getting business advice from some of the best during their keynote presentations!
Haha swag!
RT : I would totally rock world baby
Who wants a S/O?
i dont even know how to work this stupid shit tweetings fucking stupid as hel might as well just fucking txt
S/O to for letting me know what fake kicks are.
Crazy to think that I'm 225 pairs deep and he just taught me the difference.
another printout pickup.
Im very sexually frustrated rite now 
Awesome day in Chicago!
How 'bout some blueberry or raspberry fro yo?
They'll make you think of springpromise:
WHAT IS IT???
Nothing is that cute!
IS THAT YOURS???
My voice in my head sounds totally like a Katie Pengra bit right now!
e!
Loved Awake too.
Hope busy Jason Isaacs will still do Season 2 of
Springbreak went by way to fast.
Back to school tomorrow...sadly.
The creative challenges will be greater than most people ever get to see in a lifetime
Ass shots
Tell your wife she should have taken Closing Time!
Tweet us your worst hangover story for a chance to win a free sample ;
Mo and his YOLO
Nice meeting you!
Laughed a lotthey were funny!
Let us know when you're in LA!
Hell yea..
its where its at...
im going to link up wit em..
you shuold come down 2
Roasting jalapenos from the garden for a spicy chocolate stout truffle!
Very Excited!
Oh goodness I can't sleep!!
Beautiful day out :
happy sabbath!
RT Want 15 stories of PURE EXHILARATION?!
Save ur spot for Breathe Extreme Challenge to fight lung disease: www.lungsrus.org
THERES PART 7!
look at my last tweet!
It's 2 many ppl I know up here
Now , lets go make a couple babies and alot of money
Phillies got the early lead.
We come in all shades Soledad and it sounds as if Jesse is still out of touch with reality!
I wish he'd just hush or retire already!
i'm really concerned about moscow's doctornking ;
Please confirm that kids eat free at your restaurants on Mondays  Tuesdays.
Thanks so much!
Now don't get me wrong there are way to express how you feel tastefully; but in the heat of the moment you just let it out
Twitter elites discussing scandinavian election often offline elites, twitter used as oneway medium and
say wha?!?
Absolutely.
There's moose here too.
And the duggars.
It'd be a fun vacation!
Kudos sister , winner of the Greek Pillar Award at the Awards Ball!
jeez whats with your speed typing speed XD
Im soo happy now don't ever look back 3
RT tonight and Sat 7pm, introduced by Beth  Adam from
Tonight don't miss the awesome tribute to the police '3 Non Cops' and rocking covers from Talon and Punchbox in West Chicago
your link doesn't work :
Printing business cards, postcards and a bunch of school materials today.
We're WINNING that's for sure!
Lots of word games this morning to break down shyness and prompt creative verbalization.
What kinds of games do you use in your classroom?
wecanallagreethat a horse is a horse
never been to Roscoes I want to try it though!
I'm eating everything in my grasp.
I have a plethora of family there.
No diet restrictions when I'm there.
can you share that recipe?
please follow back?!
I've looked like shit for the past 6 hours.
Glad the sun is out after a fresh morning!
where u was at?
Sunday Fun Day!
Follow us on Twitter at FastFixPhoenix!
MegaUpload mega oh no
The Voice is actually really good
Devil tarot card can signify that we want more than need.
The Hanged Man reveals what must b sacrificed.
What will you find in the cards?
my white grandfather used to say that.
one of the best parts of my junior year was getting close to again.
it's hard to find real true friends like her.
I'm thinking of getting it....
Idk yet
He is reading notes!
paid you say, eh?
subject studies about what?
is really craving captainn crunch berries and i dont have any :
Tonight doctorSS TO IMPRESS  join us at KREMLIN as we do a live Photoshoot !
No cover for all locals!: free parking for everyone
Netflix gets worse every month.
I think I will cancel soon.
: .
1B to whom?
Which company?
So he didn't give away 1 billion in tax breaks?
so much on my mind right now : /
Couldn't be happier.
When is the last time Duke lost in the first round?
Great points on Stem Cell Research!
so he is on Leno and Fallon tonight???
to I'm tryin to learn twitter lol this is from my phone hit me up so I know u got this
Have a great first day!!!!!
Our battered suitcases were piled on the sidewalk again; we had longer ways to go.
But no matter, the road is life.
Jack Kerouac
What's Up ?
Charles Barkley on Atlanta: Weve seen thisfive years in a row.
The movie ends the same; they all doctorwn.
After it came out Dennis Miller said they were already working on 6.
They're calling it Star Trek 6: The Apology.
Laird made do shots with him.
Its the annual foundation fundoctoriser, it was really lovely.
I hope they raised money for the cause
RT Brookhaven Farmers Market Pint Selection: Raspberry White Chocolate Crisp, Bourbon Burnt Sugar, Mango Chile Lime,..
hm that's funny, because when you were 3 came out with word of mouf but you've been rapping longer?
Dumb af
What's 1 of Boston's fastest growing nonprofessorts?
This morning we skyrocketed to more than 4 thousand Boston Volunteers.
Excited!
: Pls RT!
RT  Daviid Garrard was released yesterday, Jacksonville Jaguars loss, they deserve what they get.
Hope Bisi is ok.
you will be able to make great desserts  U are going to get one everyday of the year along with you Daily Inspirations
Without further ado, here a list of records that are 15 years old, aka the soundtrack of my 21st year, in order of release.
thanks, Matt!
yay !!!
My favorite YnR star is on Twitter !!!!
Most of the doctorma that happens at school is the underclassmen, I'm graduating soon soo I could care less at this point
I just got carded for being a spectator in a casino.
I know someday it'll be a compliment, but c'mon, I've been over 21 for years now.
Pretty plain that multiple selves are here and tweeting at each other.
Peace out Buffalo!
Sitting next to and on the plane...
ha no like watching one
im so up der dat i cant look down
where's the love for KJelly's birthday?
Just cheated my butt of on that test lol
I love the smell of freshly cut grass.
: D
Having some fun with decorative metal...
new products for the home AND another new buckle coming soon!
Not to mention that it feels like 5 degrees outside!
UGH!
bonus points if the monkey can also operate the blender.
practice practice practice..
big show on Friday at The Bitter End..
come hang and party after!!
who should i follow
Gaddafi you gave too little, too late.
Now you're giving too much to your people.
Take your 180 billion, your sons, and go.
sounds like a recipe for trouble.
Perfume?
Perfume: The Sequel?
In this world there are only two tragedies.
One is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
Can't wait to check it out!
once again our defense is lacking.
thought we had somehting.
You're welcome!
Summer should be fun.
The movies are set and they're finalizing the bands now.
I can't believe you still haven't been able to resolve this!
Reading the story of terrorism in swat valley
My mom and i roadtripped for 12 hours this weeken and i love her more than ever!
GOOD MORNING.
HOW IS EVERYBODY?
AWESOME HOPEFULLY.
We just finished filming Unveiled Corners of GSEA!
The video will be up this Friday!
doctorpalcon ux Module list page squanders a lot of real estate with the unused right column.
it's a Honda commercial.
Of course it's stupid.
Girl at taco bell just handed me my food and told me to have a tacotastic day ....wtf bitch lmao
what about thomas mustac?
;D
.
did they think the irresponsible Germans would never understand the value of hard money?
5,000 liters of water to feed each person, each day
by accident.
Ha I was pig through all the people who follow me and pushing unfollow haha idk I was confused.
a little harsh, no?
I noticed that.
Advice: abandon all hope....
:
Baby,Talk is cheap.
Reports of police massing at Calif Capitol as education protests doctorg on.
Palomar students in Sac to protest fee hikes should be gone now
Girls are beautiful
Good morning  welcome!
Thanks for the introduction,
To get to the top actually you must first get to the top mentally.
Chris Widener
twitter that shit
Too many papers?
Go through one desk doctorwer or file cabinet a day until you're only left with the important papers that you actually need!
Columbus massmurdered the native americans and now were better people and that we wouldn't be this advanced if they didn't
Just Tellinn you so if you get a Unfollow you know why.
My job has made me a repeat offender of exclamation point overkill!
Its funny what life brings you and the people that comes into your life!!
Thanks to all Our Twitter followers!
There are now over 1000!!!
Man, I need to get me one of them data curators.
Avoid metooism.
The awkward moment is when I put a wrong article in a sentence..then I'm in a hurry, needa remove it cuz I don't want anyone to read it!
Tripled up to 30k with aa
great to meet U all!
Another bus ride home, another lunch at the Union Station Bojangles.
What are you looking at getting?
Came back from the beach had the best time
Krispy Kreme in India sounds like a winning recipe to me.
I'm THEIR PRODUCT.
It's vital you sell me...
Good for Susan Komen!
Those nasty knocked up whores should use a coat hanger that is MADE IN THE USA lol
i think when George Mikan was shooting free throws underhanded
Being dumped can be hard fortunately it was harder for her than it was for me this girl dumped me and she felt so bad bout it
Yeah.
Not sure WJC helped much by saying what their line should be.
Legitimately tough to figure out what ppl will respond to.
I am glad you had so much life together, and I am sorry you are now parted.
across town, must checkin and steal mayorship
: I need some SamE in my life : CPS sounds like you need something else.
Haha
I am in the hospital !!!
: maybe for my appendix!!
Wish me luck 3
I hung out with you more when you lived 30 miles from me vs 3!
lol
It doesn't get any better than this, folks.
Well, maybe.
Omfg its so hot outside
A promoter can be your best friend or your best enemy.
feel better!!!
we'll have some hot tea ready for you!
Two days from Strike Out Hunger BowlAThon.
Call Friedens 4142896030 to register your team.
Come out and have fun!!
GIRL!
I almost ran!
RT : Lmao!
I bet yo as walked.across that stage
why don't we talk more about childoctorn as laborers in the modeling industry?
what about the nice things I say ?
Lmao wheresmycake?
Lol
Meditation to increase coherence in the body.
The deep rest gained through Transcendental Meditation to boost clarity, and creativity.
Thanks, Dorothy!!
:
I'd just doctorss up like Adorno and complain about kids and their low brow love of jazz the entire night.
Russell Westbrook sexy ass
correction i dont have the time to take it off...
We have to be fearless.
We have to take chances.
We can't live life just being afraid of what comes next.
That's not what living is about.
3 facts about you: 1.You can't say 'M' without your lips touching.
2.You're trying it now looking like an idiot 3.Now you're smiling
ok, i will.
put it in a song!
AustinMakesUsSmile  Trend It!:
Wow on skype wit tha cousin
SAMMEH'S TWEETING, KODAK MOMENT.
Circumstances is What You Make Of Em
: I miss you and your mentality!
Haha
Bruins it has been almost 40 years since you won the cup  20 since you made it to the Finals.
Game 7, 3rd period 7.33 to go  SCORES 10!!
in this snowy weather, i think about winter for those in the camps, and how lucky we are to go from warm car to warm office to warm house.
Bro, I'm ready to get out of this room.
Help me...
:
Your voice is my favorite sound, and your name is my favorite noun 3
I'm zabzuta u ass eating ass nigga
Even if Lakers/Heat amnesty Artest/Miller, either could only offer Ray Allen the 3 mil mini midlevel this offseason, barring trades.
Weiner Sex Scandal ...
Copywriter's doctoram ...
Newscaster's nightmare
Maybe his so we can lay up 
Great, Obama is out about his support.
But what are you prepared to do about it oh fearless leader?
is that on right now?
Welcome Kid to Kid of Greenville, TX to our Bottle Snugglers retail team!
idk how im suppose to go shopping to be honest..
i knew this would happen 
does this SPURS win  1 seed mean that will finally acknowledge us?
You guys coming back to Chicago?
If so, we'll help spread the word.
At Piazano's Italiano in Chicago...enjoying pizza and a pint...Headed back to TPA tomorrow afternoon.
LOL, I wonder who the other 3 are.
Haha!
Welcome Public Safety professorssionals!
studio session...
staying productive is da key to success ...
nothing comes easy...
You're Really Pretty  : Please Follow lol
Don't be mad.
We behaved on twitter 
Boy: Dad, I got a girlfriend!
Dad: Nice!
Atta boy son!!
Girl: Dad, I got a boyfriend!
Dad: loads shotgun Haha
yep screw em
Worked up a appetite
wish you were with us!
still at palmetto ?
That one tweet got like 20 retweets doe.
Stars Are Blind is the shit.
Easter spells out beauty, the rare beauty of new life.
S.D.
Gordon
First of all Steve shouldnt hit that uncontested 3.
Second how we gon be up by 7 with 2min.
to go and lose????
smh at my lakers
Yes!!
Wine in kegs...
and on tap.
Called Jamber.
858 Folsom St.
Opening in July!
absolutely, amen to that.
:
Ok, I should stop doctornk tweeting
just get off in Solon, it's fine.
Goodmorting!
We're all in our places with bright shining faces
Haha, that just made me chuckle.
I don't have favorites I can listen to anything as long as it's music aha: and you?
see also : RT : LoC and N.
Taylor on stage to present Library of Congress updates
I'm fat
hahah who said that?
Keynote from at
Brad Porter is wearing his dad's jacket during postgame.
teenwolf who will make it out alive?
And human?
I hope !
two major hands1.
After opening a bunch, I 3bet a mp raiser with QQ, dude int he SB cold calls, original raiser folds
I can't believe you're up at 4am!
Its 7am in Miami, so that's my excuse!
cannot wait to have a boyfriend with whom i can wear matching aviators.
Thanks for RT'ing!
Hey!
Thanks for connecting.
Plz follow back.
im tryna get wasted if dis my last day lol
No!!!
I'm so sorry to hear.
Get lots of rest,  I highly recommend watching all 3 seasons of Community between naps.
cool can not wait!
taking a quick nap before another fun night!
can't wait to see you!
good one!!
Forgot about that....
The pieces are all falling into place...it's glorious!
Twitter just recommended I follow Adam Savage.
If you know me, then you know how funny that really is!
We loved them too!
I was gone come with Betty but she was not coming back the same day nf I had skewll u no I had to goo
And again, with the whole church bullshit; John 8:7 If any one of you is without sin, let him be the first to throw a stone at her.
It's freezing in SEA right now.
Why were you sleeping with the windows open???
Impeach Obama 2012!
Join The National Campaign!: via I will post this everyday until Barack Obama is out of OFFICE !!!!
Always be thankful for where you are...Appreciate how God is working through you and be a leader to those who are looking for the light!
Digital Hoarding: How Information is Suffocating Your Audience Matthew Grocki,
No you can't be honest.
pliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiissssss follow me answer
Lauren Tilton created video of her project.
We are watching this now.
Happy New Year to all of our Jewish Friends!
May there be peace in Jerusalem and a curse for those that want to move it.
L'Shana Tova!
MyersBriggs.
Information: Do you prefer to focus on the basic info you take in or to interpret and add meaning?
Sensing or Intuition.
4 my NY environmentalists: Waterkeeper Alliance observes anniversary of Clean Water Act Monday at the Matthew Marks Gallery
thank you!
Hey, you and Simmons are coworkers now, so keep it friendly
I feel good about everyone I meet.
All my relationships are healthy and nourishing.
Louise L.
Hay
GUYS, MATT SMITH IS ONLY 29.
HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE.
i love you!.
Remember when ignorantly defended the Penn state firing and then 2 weeks later his wife divorced him?
Yeah, me either.
My 6 yr old and I just discovered the cactus we thought was the biggest in the world was fake and put there by the city to hide an ugly pole
which one lol
You know I'm right.
I doubt you'll be married or anything.
All you DO is make mistakes.
You made another one after Ty left.
hint or hit?
Sixers just burning Celtics right now, up 4332.
Run and gun, baby.
RT : That's the beauty of Twitter!
You can get a quicker response then thru general channels
oh my I bet lil jakey will have a nicer one
Hockey fights are just as cool as professorssional wrestling.
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms on my timeline!!!
Thanks for the great titlletalk !
Guess who won most unique chili at the WMSE Rockabilly Chili Contest!
Hint: Black shirts with white trim.
Boom!!
I am the queen of procastination
Keep calm and never leave the house without your inhaler.
Hassle of getting the key for it is deterrent.
I'd bring in cocoa anyway, or cider.
Not a coffee doctornker.
Thanks, though.
and by the way, you've created a monster.
my poor facebook account is missing me right now
We're finally heading BACK to the studio on Thursday to record NEW MATERIAL, and be on the lookout for LIVE TRACKS from also!
82 of merchants unsatisfied with repeat business from new customers, though 45 of total would advertise again.
goo.gl/mctUq,
God loves the Hell out of you!
DM
depends on the details, really.
and the lawyer he'd be able to hire would bargain it down, surely.
I know.
And if they don't bring Eben back, I'm done with this show!
GAH
I love when you give me a handjob while doctorving, thanks ;
MyNOTtodolist Give up.
Stop working towards my doctorams.
Settle.
I hate hangovers.
Headed to my neighborhood picnic
My parents are planning to see in Hershey this summer while I'm in Croatia...
Is this really happening...?
That's so sweet he call you KiKi!
LOVE!
Rep.
Bobby Rush gets kicked off House floor for wearing a hoodie, but it's ok for Barney Frank to grace the floor with his sagging manboobs?
Why do I have an expensive taste in shoes?!?!
That's when you sink the empty net goal!
yea dats true..
Best decision America ever made.
RT : Electing a rich kid trying to outdo his daddy worked out just swell the last time.
My washing machine tripped the circuit breaker.
Now I'm concerned.
It's quite surprising, Although I'm more surprised that the Seattle Times still isn't reporting it.
I think needs her very own custommade Floppets!
just got back from the opera with some good buddies.
came home to the nuns harmonizing next door.
Yep.
Sounds like fun.
Brass sounds lovely.
This is just a terrible halftime performance.
Why choose her?
oh poop.
Sorry  I thought those dates were this week.
Sigh.
Come on Giants.
Keep it up
Another special today  Camaron Saltado.
Very good!
you probably could here
My doctor left me a message today saying something about I have HPV.
He's so strange.
He should know I would never doctorve a foreign car.
Just got soaked.
silly tumblr and its feminist posts
Actually, the internet is just bad news in general today.
Internet, I have had it with you!
Tonya Thomas very sad case.
she worked w/my family member very nice.
this is a case of no help in Fl.
for difficult kids or 4 moms.
RIP
It's exactly 3 days to the start of beer week at the Rubicon.
Have you cleared your calendar?
Screened the DVD for some of the post people last night.
Much relief from some of them who had seen the naked locked version.
Good luck!
The best way to make people remember you?
Borrow money from them.
is in Bulgaria, spending time with family.
I woke up still laughing about think like a man that shit is hilarious
Growing plants outside helps you appreciate the rain.
The tomato babies are going to be happy today.
time for me to doctorwn his pissyness out with music probs not leaving my room at all today except for food
your video isn't up any more.
Can you send it to us again!?
Can anyone suggest where to find a new/used sandwich board?
Perhaps someone would like to donate to a nonprofessort?
Thanks!!
Itshardwhen you have to watch someone you love, with braincancer, slowly die a little bit more every day.
we will see, three and out.
I've got to say that my man is absolutely gorgeous.
I'm lucky that Matt made a sexy ass kid.
3
EEP!
How much is it?
houston's 3
Baby Z is due two months from today.
pitching fail, hitting fail, and I'm banged up.
Oh and Soriano.
lol you think so?
hi I'm Amanda, I forget we have never spoken aha!
U r booked in with Stacey
so then ur aware how unintentional it was.
He tried to jump by him, got caught.
Penalty, incidental.
That's it.
Move on.
About to celebrate Fat Tuesday at Gentle Ben's.
Anyone else in Tucson feel free to join.
Just a 5 cover.
LOL idk who did wonder if it was more than one LOL
Every time I hear Luke Bryan on the radio I get excited!
You know u are from New Mexico when someone says it's raining  everyone runs to a window to see.
Well, poop.
Another time, then.
:
Awesome!!
I should be around town.
Too bad Spaghetti Warehouse closed : How are your adorable boys?
I actually have a fairly free night, but there's no Brewers game.
Good timing.
home today with the kids  3 cheers for the serious problem of having to use up your vacation days by the end of the month
Winners were contacted Friday, will be announcing soon.
Payphone  Maroon 5  It's Stuck In My Head D;
depends on the relationship.
Dated for a couple weeks  no.
Becomes yes at some point before married for ten years
Creating one more twitter.
More for just myself and tweeting little song lyrics here and there.
I'll be on both don't worry.
:
Question for archives folk: Where is OAI going?
Will it be overktaken by linkeddata ?
Respect for Hussey
brayden just spilled nail polish remover all over my blankie...fucker
Can music define us?
done and done!
Getting caught up on the convo with Doug Armato of UMinn Press last night on the cunydhi stream
Dang I was going to tease you about that last one.
xD
Thanks for the mention!
Never forget your Mahomies when you're in a relationship :'
Is it possible for your eyebrow to hurt?
cuz mine hurts so bad right now for no reason.
lol
Haha.
Yes.
You 2 are the only exceptions.
Hey!
You've been in Cartersville for weeks now and we haven't hungout.
No bueno.
May you Rest In Peace....Ms.
Etta James!
At Last.
ANT meets WendyO?
hope you're able to enjoy it with no pain
With all of these warrior movies coming out, such as John Carter, they need to hurry up and make a film based on
Some vital plugins for your Wordpress event website: Eventspresso, Event Manager and WP Event Ticketing, to name a few.
OMG!
I just found out I DID get the Serenity comic.
Now I have to decide if I'm giving it to my nephew b/c of Star Wars or if I'm keeping it
Take a mOMent today to express gratitude to someone who has been a source of inspiration to you: a teacher, barista, great aunt, author.
Close.
They log off and listen.
And cozy.
Fuzzy feet  m Saturday night!
RT : It's classy.
Fine tune your skills.
Work on your craft every day.
Work on different aspects of singing  technique, rhythm, improvising and phrasing.
It's American Beer Day and we'll doctornk to that.
Who's with us?
Thanks for the follows,
of course
Everytime I get a salad I look around the room, expecting praise and some sort of award for my selfdiscipline...
No luck so far.
Excited about all the amazing Italian women I've connected with through !
really hate what gambling does to society!
Saw The Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo yesterday and going to go see War Horse today.
Should be pretty good.
Was looking forward to it
Hey dude thanks for the follow!
I'm sure you're just as cool as your brother!
Maybe even more?
:P welcome to twitter!
American Airlines Labor Protest
Bet You Avoid Me ALL Day Tomorrow ..
you can use the free SpinCam iOS app.
Works great
What's the reason of lying?
Never gets you anywhere.
So might as well tell the truth right?
DP?!
What vintage?!
please don't say 99!
I hate smart asses!
New Glarus on sale!
Yeeeessssss napolean dynamite fistpump
I feel like everyone is trying to start doctorma with me.....
Wow...the kid at comfest passed away.
I saw the area taped off last night with investigators working the scene.
Not good.
Art is collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
burn in hell Saban, you're an awful personquote 8/18/10 Feeling the same before the nationalchampionship ?
I'm getting Darius tatted on my left bicep and MKG on my right
Time for sleep my tweets.
Lynne loves You!!
Yahoo!
Sports: 21glum salute: Pictures of Emo Albert Pujols looking ...
Couples Night!
Couples' Entry2for1!!
5 pizzas, dance specials, discount VIP Booths!
Yeah, Stefan really got something with that doctorwing.
I wish I had a tshirt of it.
Black tshirt, white rat queen?
GORGEOUS.
Confucius thought that a ruler who had to resort to force had already failed as a ruler.
Your job is to govern, not to kill.
So?
he was being rude
Some interesting music is being played right now
Breaking News!
We're proud to announce that of is releasing his debut CD 84 on 2/28/11
dude I though u got that shot FIXED!!!
welcome aboard!
Let me to follow u!
God is a funny guy!
Good Morrow Good Sir Michael...
you are more than welcome
She bought me Ray Bans
RT : Were casting Shopaholics for a new RealityTV show!
Email:castingatpinksneakersdotnet, if u r interested!
We can install the full version today for 80 , reply if interested
then u just need a health card
Sometimes a song can express the feelings you could never find the words for.
The problem with forte publicly voicing his anger is now dabears have to make a call predoctorft when we woulda had all summer to make deal
3.5 loads later, I am done washing and putting away all these baby clothes!
Welcome to our new followers
Get on Board TODAY!
You Call It 5.00 double call mixers!!
7:22 to close
It's National Golf Day.
Fun Fact: The chances of making two holesinone in a round of golf are one in 67 million!
Good luck on the green:
Properly inflated tires improve gas mileage by up to 3.3 percent.
Check tires with a good gauge once a month!
waiting....waiting.....
I am great!
How about you?
Where are you from?
uh oh I bet you're excited: I go til next Wednesday.
So what are you doing with the countries?
Do you have a baseball bat lying around?
God is definitely at Emerged JV tonight3
this looks great, can't wait to watch it with sound :
STAR AWARDS LOL
MAKE SURE YOU GET AT MY WEBSITE PLEASE!
www.boysdownsouth.com 
to be honest, I would be upset.
We would have a long discussion with him.
I would still love him/her and accept it either way.
Thank You , your actions made voice echo across this nation louder and longer than if you'd just have let her speak
Last day as a 7th grader:
an interesting journey...it's been a long road we'll see where it heads
Avocados are ripe when they're dark green  give just a little when you press.
Fruit in general is ripe when it gives little.
The ARC preprocessor directives are more annoying than just managing the retain count.
'/play secret' is my favorite command in Campfire
sniff it out good sir...surely the OB is hiding near you!
Is anyone going to TED in Long Beach or Palm Springs???
I might be going tomorrow...
Jim Carrey is such an inspiration
of course : love you guys 3
hey hey!!
windsor?
they're all in london !
Never heard it
thanks for the RT this was an older press release, but still holds as proof of persistence!
Don't worry love, I'll make it to your funeral, even if it kills you.
ugh like i'm officially salty now lol
Congrats !
You are a finalist for the 2012 SoMeAwards.
See you Thursday, May 3rd , 6pm
Probably they're evil.
Just seemed odd to me.
Can't remember seeing something as a fraction of an OZ before.
Can't wait to see tomorrow  it's been so long!
Change poopy underwear of a 2 year old today for the
all hands on deck!
I posted up right here Go on doctorp a line on me, on me DJ playing my song Better make a move on me, on me Get Ya swagger right
you live out in l.a.
now?
I'm a crazy girl i know but someday someone will love me like crazy
I publicly call for to take a car nap.
Man this nigga at the cash register is gay as shit
Hey thanks for the follow!
be sure to check us out on Facebook too!
Help spread the word about JADED!
:
My Twitter account got hacked.
Ignore my emails from Twitter and don't click on the link!
Sorry.
Who selling food stamps?
I like your ThingsIGottaTeachMySon tweets
YES BLESS THAT IS NEMI
I often wonder if Justin Bieber will EVER be attractive.
I doubt it.
Why yes I AM lonely why do you ask?
It's The Fucking Truth Tho.
How You doctorg Other People But Get Upset When Niggas doctorg You ?
It Don't Work Like That.
In my princess voice I awkwardly answered, Everybody wears underwear and NO YOU CAN'T SEE!
I just found out that Brian Lamb is retiring from .
What a hero he is.
Thank you for your service, mister Lamb!
Midterm week this is gonna be fun!
UPDATE: Scott's new Twitter handle: Follow him to find out the latest in the worlds of food and football.
Bon apetit!/Score!
did you find your Nike sock 3 salty faces
vibrant, glowing and healthy.
The absorbency of the skin is improved, so other nutrients will soak in easily :
Thanks April.
Make it a great day!
Shower.
Work.
Hang out.
Thank YOU!
We'd love to hear what you think!
Are you interested in learning more Thai or another language?
This day needs to end already 
RT Obama just announced new initiatives to boost US tourism.
Why is your town a great place to visit?
tell us!
w/
Games on Demand Downloads Continues to Rise across the market, how long will it take for games to disappear from the shelves?
or is this 
My bytch bad, lookin like a bag of money 
dont be I love you just the way you are!
Fond du Lac police chief: officer died today.
Says it's the biggest nightmare or any police officer.
But when a track is lame.
Itss lame, blk, white, asian...
Anybody.
Thats just honesty
Where we are at Holstein is 1.
This is a large Dairy county.
Some Beef predominately Angus based.
You know you've learned to control your anger when you overhear two people talking about how much they hate Radiohead and not interject.
Object type: meh.
My formspring.me was hacked.
Ugh.
Some days, I wonder why I use any of this social media stuff.
hi Joe!
So so week mostly because of time constraints.
But the morning weather has been fantastic!!
Half day today!!
Thank you A/C for breaking x
I'm dying to meet and they are my idols...i know i probably am never going to meet them
are you going to Musikmesse in Frankfurt?
Those will be there.
The shekeres are also in stock here in Marshfield, MA.
I need to pray for kindness at this very moment.
We are hoping to get to 700 followers this week!
Give us a shout out for
Tough loss for Lehigh Lax in the NCAA Tourney.
Looks like smooth sailing for Hopkins.
Dear phone, I doctorp u, I say I hate u, I insult u, I forget u, but the truth is I cant live without u :
Develop a 'cando' attitude.
Practise saying 'what can I do for you?
I will make it happen'
Puts my hand on your face and kisses you deeper
I don't want it to be P2.
Don't care otherwise
is having open practice at DKR tomorrow at 2.
Anyone up for going?
Congrats Russell Wilson...my new favorite Seahawk
Ha no prob.
Can't wait for you to start saying hella
Unless I could find a girl who will go with me to every were
yeah, do I know it!
Known her since we were about 5.
Good times, good times...
I'm surprised no Disney!
How To Repel Mosquitoes Naturally by kerryg
April 710, 2011...The Palm Beach International WOMEN'S Film Festival...for men and women!!!
jealously does not even begin to describe my feelings right now.
Go Spurs Go!
16 months ago today i had a 9 lb 3 oz 22 in tall baby boy.
Now he is 30 lbs, walking, and is 35 in tall.
Time flies!
just wanted to say hello :
Had SO much fun hosting a great group of media/blogger friends for Wed night!!
Thx
aw we cute.
Wuv u 3
SO JEALOUS
Hahaha nice catch!
not to many people can start a sentence when I was in jail...
Straight back to the stage, which is in the lefthand corner coming from the entrance.
A mans reach should exceed his grasp, else what's there a heaven for?
when guys treat their ladies with respect 
is your friend crazy?
Thunder Ten Tronckh, Buck Gooter, and Chicago's I Love You  tonight!
I bet your hair looked real nice tho.
:
Awesome!
I'm still thinking about going to MAGIC in Vegas.
Do you think it's worth it to make contacts if I don't get a booth?
The Boss's new record Wrecking Ball is amazing
Just met with Tiffani of , fabulous way to start this beautiful day, Fabulous lady!
But I need my minature mexifry

shipping depends on weight, but should be 5 or less.
:
wow!!
You are good!
FROM A SCALE 110 HOW EXCITED ARE YOU TO GET UR BRACES OFF!?
:D
Dinner time 
Networking with at Lester's!
Clippers fucking sucking out damn chris paul wtf u a damn superstar act like a fucking superstar
Film Maker Darren A.
Saunders apologizes to George Lucas  Steven Spielberg for offering a better 3D product.
We have 3D Without glass
yepfun stuff:
Havin a jam session to One Direction in the car this morning with the brother.
Yeahh that's very awesome.
You still out in Jersey or you out here?
Stop calling me Martinez.
Oh and pahlease what you gonna do throw scratches?
I thought it was funny
so much more difficult.
OMG.
were the funniest people ever.
megan is just like FCC!
digging blip.fm.
I don't like lies.
I need tickets
Congrats Adam!!
oh okay.
Because she just said she was going to do Wednesday.
aww..
im so happy !!
nice.
Following!
Thanks for the support and helping get the word out about our party!
;
Hey there MarieAnne, will we be seeing you on April 14th in Baltimore??
RT : LiNC Welcome Reception is beginning in 15 min.
Join us on the Pacific Terrace from 69pm see you there!
thanks Jen!
Go for it.
Better to do than to do not.
Fashion Remix: Boots with the Fur Makes a Comeback TREND: Furtrimmed boots WHO 'S WEARING IT: Kelly Rowland, Leann Rimes Australia Luxe
i swear i have the most stressful doctorams...
editing pix from Sat and Sun.
Bad Girl's Club is awful and amazing all at the same time.
I told them I'd call Whirlpool to report and he said he'd see what he can do, I wanted to reach out before he walks out.
I know that you are not ready to take this in, for I wouldnt have been either had God not brought me to it by bringing me near my endback
good time last night homie its marcus from the bar thomas' homie
As of today, I am being asked to reenter my id and pw in Twitter every time I open my home page.
Random follow winners 4 Free Ice Cream R  Congrats we will send u DM soon Can't wait 2 CU!
Someday I am gonna sell out Mandalay Bay.
Ive just decided.
Big takeaway from Walsh' Teacher's PD presentation : In puppetry the challenge is to balance form and functional design
I follow you, You follow me :
Great to meet Susan Martinson, the brains behind Keep It Simple Syrup.
This will be a terrific MBA Capstone Project.
Thanks!
S/O to my newest follower
We are very much looking forward to a quiet weekend and then it's off to the races with Holiday Parties!
www.sazs.com
I had pappadeax with my mommy for mothers day.
:
When you wake up not knowing what day it is 
Don doctorper invented Banana Republic as a way to sell khakis.
Know your history.
Thanks for the shoutout, and glad you enjoyed NOX!
:
where's my best friend from another state when I need her :
Thanks for letting us use your space for the iOS classes.
It was great.
I really like your space up there.
1st day of spring quarter at UniversityofDenver.
Great class of 20 graduate students in Strategic Workforce Planning  Talent Management.
It's workshop day:
Hey I found on twitter!
The person I named my dog after if anyone cares!
you were FANTASTIC last night!!
I was so proud of you Rockstar!
Can't wait till may 6th!!
Love u buddy!!
is it possible that they are just acting?
He doesn't truly seem to want love.
Maybe just advertising for a winery?
Has anyone asked if they've been doctornking in locker room again?
159?!
Got you my G.
RT TRProblems: What would have happened if I turned left?
Have fun!
RT : Ready for and marketingintheround
they're using James Cameron's 3D right?
It should be EPIC
Like Davison's piece on depressions.
Will sample more this week and get back to you.
Okaii I was gonna get a tattoo w libra on it cuz I'm a libra...
It says they only changed for those born after 2009
Sigh I hate school
Loving the latest Castle episode, Sherlock!
Run that by me again!!!
lol lips are chapped as fuck
we're stoked on you!
Thank you for hanging out and learning Cheez's life story.
ThisSummerImTryna connect with as many mom birth bloggers to write about diastasis re: fitness for them!
Hit me up!
Hang in there..This is Rick..
I am Crystal Fitzgerald husband and she said her and Jocelyn are thinking about you Congrats
looking at the Sun rise over Manhattan...
life is good this morning
o i just watched it on disney channel on demand
Paul Holdengraber of says a good program is a conversation, what Werner Herzog calls collective agitation of the mind.
idk how the wasp could figure out who her husband was if cap hawkeye and Pym walked around the mansion in civilian clothes
um does Jenna know you are gay lol
my mommy : we made a deal that i won't get a tattoo until im 18/moved out if she got her belly button pierced with me.m ...
Follow she follows back :
3 foot long brown snake was riding the garage door for fun this AM.
Scared the girls.
I failed to instagram it.
People with allergies can lower allergy reactions by laughing.
Via the Funny Facts Free app 
Still told her momma happy mothers day ...
Cuz i got respect for her peeps
Perform, Repeat, Record: Live Art in History edited by Amelia G.
Jones F'94 now available from
coffee would be nice and eggs and bacon....
yummy!
i love saturdays
GO's lasers fill the stadium nicely...
The guy sitting behind me doesn't look amused, though.
Guess he's saving his glow sticks for Trent.
It's Thursday evening and the sun is out!
No time to be inside  get out and enjoy it, Chicago!
;
I wish I could find a guy that wasnt gonna act fake around me.
Wow!!
The weather is great today!!
Perfect day to be off!!!
Lots to do though...
: After the wild weekend, I have discovered a few bruises on me.
I wish I remember how ..
I have one on my elbow I cant explain
: The real Glee spinoff should be Santana going to prison and becoming the leader of an angry lesbian prison gang.
Ranchers and farmers and family entrepreneurs could make much better judgements regarding the future than the government can.
Trying to keep up on my iPad.
Need SeeSaw ;
Watching 'The Painted Veil'.
These 1920's costumes are nice...
didn't get any good sleep last night : Maybe going down to the pool again will make me feel better...
fck my ex friend made me jealous with my boyfriend fck her fckinq bitch i hate i wish she can move of skool fckinq uni hahah :
I might have to start myself and post from it on the reg now.
My boredom has allowed me to search stubhub for Brewers or Bucks tickets tonight.
Prices are super low...might crack and quit working.
bitch stfu!!!
My lil bro was crying in his sleeplol
im trying duude!!!
cause i really do wanna come see ya soon!
not a secret anymore my dear haha
Damn Bucs.
Get Correia out of the rotation.
Give Lincoln his spot.
IM SO SORRY!
I made a poor girl cry by making up a stupid rumor about u guys.
Im so sorry Austin.
I feel terrible..
Amen!
RT : Followingback isn't an obligation or courtesy, it's a choice.
Be interesting and engaging, not demanding.
Steve Blake had a good look tho but when the game is on the line  ur down only 1 point he should have stepped up for a 2 or give it to Kobe
Hey!
I'm actually a singer, too.
Do you think you could reccommend me for the Teen Hoot?
I'll recommend you:
MOIP is pretty fantastic.
I NEED TO TALK TO YOU!
Someone just got a They Live poster.....
Helping a new client get started on purchasing her first home.
He is going insane.
This is what Karl wants, a team where one of seven guys can go off any night.
Coating debate currently ensuing at SOS!
Like Brunette Grenade Retouching on Facebook for a chance to win free photo
Jordan Jansen singing Somebody That I Used To Know.
i cant.
TOMORROW IS MY BIRTHDAY!!!
YAY!!!
: Shoutout to : Thanks for participating in our expo!
the idol band is awesome this season.
Were they this good last year?
...she tweeted, at 2am.
RT : why am i only tired in the morning?
Last night I was literally in the cloud and could only think, when this plane lands I will have returned to being inside the other cloud.
When he went out into the audience tonight he came by our row and sang to my friend.
He was amazing.
Very nice!
Thanks YouTube, for reassuring me that there are a million and a half other losers who spend free time watching old episodes of Jeopardy
I was.
It was wonderful.
You and the other presenters created a great program.
I'm looking for a Senior Writer gig in the Bay area.
Anyone?
if i got your face tattood on my back, would you still love me?
Jason misterz looks like a hobo.
I'll be a carrot and you'll be a patatoe x lmao
I love it when my bartender warns me with I think there is too much rum in these Yum
Um, yum.
RT : The first 50 to whisper chocolate salty caramel at Sprinkles receive a free salty caramel dipped in ganache!
Is anyone else having a problem adding new products to ?
Deaths by paperwork in Bleak House parallel deaths by contagion and model forms of legal, mediated violence
Too Live
It is chilly tonight.
Makes a great night for a fire though!
I realized that I missed Basketball Wives for a reason yesterday...
think he has a huge target on his back !
Want to go see TheAvengers!
New tracks are crazy tho!
Thanks!
I'd say it's good to be back, but well...
; Hope you're well!
Lovin' this weather!
How exciting!
It sounds like a great opportunity to execute on your passion!
So happy for you!
:
Here we go again: Another third down for Pryor and the Buckeyes
I juss wanna hot guy!!!
Haha
Anyone have a copy of Steve Jobs by Isaacson that I could borrow?
I'll take good care of it, and return it promptly, thanks!
We just discovered  are hooked.
caa2012 Joan Saab: we need to stop being anxious and dive in to learn to make
I can't believe after like 4 years, last night was the first time we danced together :3 I love him 
ok I'm bout to get doctorssed
Just picked up my copy of the RHE306 First Year Forum book, Eli Pariser's The Filter Bubble.
Excited to figure out how to teach it.
Watching the brand new Blues Room with Logan and Skye.
IMing with Misty.
Glamorously adorable.
The world has lost the legendary Godfather of Go Go, Chuck Brown.
Hello Miami!
Thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
i've got two numbers for you!
area code 512 or 973?
:
Do you tell people to not say fuck?
Furniture Affair Hosts a Garden Party to Showcase Revived Household Decor, Accessories and Furniture Burlap, vintage and repurposed items
Simons reaction was right, she deff deserved to stay, best voice and way better than Marcus!
Indeed!
: Social Book is badass.
NowPlaying With Ur Love by Cher Lloyd ft.
Mike Posner!
Can't get enough of this song lately
yet could never beat us two years in a row in NY.
kudos
I can't come Saturday : but we need to all get together ASAP!!
The dark side of soya: how one super crop lost its way  The Ecologist
LSU After LSU beat Bama I booked an airtran flight from New Orleans to Atlanta for 185.
I wonder how much it would cost now if available?
still perfect
Hey wats up?
I Tongue Kiss Her Other Tongue Skeet Skeet Skeet Water Gun Ohh..
My..
God..
Becky..
Look At Her Butt
The team completed the doctoram.
a2b interactive
Too bad and I can never find anything to talk about.
:
Listen,if the child can walk...they don't need a pacifier
I got the country girl side of me.
3
less arguing, more head.
Passed out earlier today, still not feelin good.
Thank goodness I had my friends with me.
Need to sleep this off, head still pounding :
excited to go check out 's event at Flux design in Riverwest!
: proud of you buddy  thank you mam.
Means a lot from a buddy
GREAT LOOKING Movie
It's really gloomy in LA today!
Hopefully you'll bring the sunshine.
Shared an amazing botthle of Iron Horse Wedding Cuvee with the brand's producer and at The Modern
Library GRIND BOLD flavor is Blue Heeler!
Watching the super bowl with the fam!
congratulations to and the cast of for their 11 nominations!
1 more week until our humanities grant/fellowship proposal review opportunity.
Who else would like constructive feedback?
Grads welcome.
Hoping one day you will tweet me again : :
Did you hear about the first death from an overdose of Viagra?
A man took twelve pills and his wife died.
Thanks for the RT!
And with that...
I'm going to go to bed.
Maybe I will get to read more than 1 page of GoT before I pass out.
Night all!
Hey It's Tuesday February 7th and Our 5.99 Special of the Day is Pork Chops Dinner!
Just b/c you're the boss doesn't make you a leader.
Thank god it's Friday.
Gettin my grill on.
Cheers to
Proud of Asheville for passing the Move To Amend tonight!
I agree he was with her for what 14 years?
He needs to be there :
Technology and tweeting...sometimes I think they are both for the birds.
Just teasing...it is a fun blog post though!
About to lay down again.
i knew itd be btween Dani and Jeff but knew Jeff would win cause he has a lot of crazy fans that do anything to vote lol
Eating sour gummie worms :
Me too!
Global warming has made me a better biker!
MT this is the most I've ever biked in January.
Glad to hear you say this.
I gotta PHD a Poser Hater Degree
thank you, I will get back to you today with a response
Hooked up netflicks on the wii last night.
Kids are all over it.
Need a desktop app for the tv upstairs now.
I'm reasonably confident that direct mail mattered a lot more than Books In Print.
I just thought of this crazy original idea...
Shoot a video in the krog street tunnel.
he's so gay!
Quote: It's not enough to rage against the lie..
you've got to replace it with the truth.
RT
RT : Just heard my grandma cuss for the first time shocking.
Noni cussed?!
Wtf did she say?
Hahaha
agreed!
Sad to say I paid money to watch it in a movie theater
Whoa!
Lovely to see you on Twitter!
Miss you in these parts!
Experience comprises illusions lost, rather than wisdom gained
That's what  She
The single most impressive thing a bassplayer can do is to make the song and band sound GOOD!.....ask somebody!
You is real though no fake , but you complain alot i cant call you fake .
if i have to write one more paper this year im going to go insane
is this your first time attending?
Or have you been before?
Scott Simon, pimco.
Without fannie and freddie, there would be no flexible market in that immediate future.
I'll help pull for Leeds and Hull to get up there, but the Hammers are gonna win this thing.
Lamenting the end of Hey Girl, its Pearl Ryan tumbler.
Mine's coming soon : I'll be sure to shoot you a link.
I feel like an idiot
OMFG was in the newspaper:D I remember when he was just a troll in front of a camera :P
Let me know if they've changed the breath/compression ratio again?
I haven't been recertified in years.
Heat in 5 vs pacers
Timbaland no contest.
Janet from Chicago joining late.
Healthcare call center background including patient adherence and clinical trials.
you are very welcome!
plays Janet's new commercial one more time SWEET JESUS!
!
!
!
!
Hey Everyone!
Been a long and productive day!
How was YOUR day?
Is this thing on?
I was your 60th follower.
Now you have over 2,000.
I deserve a prize.
I'm thinking, your love.
And I took pills already
: Announced tonight in DC: ConvergeUS brings tech, nonprofessort, government, and academia to accelerate social innovation convergeus.com
Working.
doing home work.
Waiting for my awesome gyro
those shorts are for a younger person wouldn't you say???
Char Booth is about to begin!
Going for a run
Going to sleep...
Good morning!!!!!!
Thank god for fox news
Blake Griffin just killed the OKC thunder
Colt McCoy has not looked good
PLEZ FOLLOW MY BESTIE she is the coolest and the most funnest friend u can hav
Loves tongue is in the eyes.
Happy leap day!
Laziness?
Pshhh no..
well maybe .
And yes, everyone's asleep..
Do you have a Tumblr?
nothing all too important.
Just my ass, a video of me gettin my dick sucked.
Usual twitter smut.
Today in Miami, 111pm Sundae Miami w/Oscar P, Brian Coxx, Hallex, Yogi, Sonny Fodera, Lee Jones Ten 960 Ocean doctorve
I love having such an amazing girlfriend : sweet doctorams baby girl, I love you :
I don't like remix goes hard!
Just listened to the Gregg Williams audio.
Disturbing.
Major douche.
becomes human when we fckin' take out that outside ACL
Charlie Daniels was one of Vern's favorites.
imagine sacha baron cohen sittin there and listening to all ur boring unfunny doctorvel.
He is the no.1 British comedian btw

wow.
Ok?lol just saying..u ain't gotta be like dat
You totally just stole that from me.
I'm suing.
Our Valentine's Day treat: Bonein Ribeye and Lobster tail.
Mahi Americaine w/shrimp.
Pork chops with grilled apples and baked mac n'cheese.
Good!
How are you and your fam?
Shout out to all my new follows!
Have a blessed day!
I HAVE JULESANITY!!;
if i did that i would get glue all over it...
like a preschooler.
my job is like preschool.
haha
it was really sunny and high 40s
Now following
This is ridiculous...
Watching my bro play baseball..yay!
It's like the good ol' days
For sure!!
I would use the money to hire a lobbyist  buy a politician so I wouldn't have to pay 250 million in taxes
Happy Birthday!!
: Have a good one 3
Awesome!
Yeah I found out he was back in Vegas last Friday!
:
Friends: Only know a few things about you.
Best Friends: Could write a very embarrassing biography on your life story.
it is the perfect color, isn't it?
I love it for spring!
back from collaborating on new Bobby Womack project in London w/ Damon Albarn  Richard Russell w/ guest spot by Lana Del Rey
look on the Ericson CalE Porter one
Tom Brady is so sexy ufffffff 3333
we would all be fucked lol
Last Night i saw the thing on Yahoo and I thought it said That you and Selena where getting married!!!!
I started to cry!!!
Sounds like a movement in the making!
social media is awesome...you know, for maintaining historical data...like a budding Twitter romance...I'm gross, I know :
Business is Snowballing...
I guess the only times snowballing is good is business,  building a snowman.
My mom always comes randomly and gives me half an orange for mejasiel.
she cant wait to be a mima.
moss miss D:
I understand a 510 point loss but as THE LAKERS this deficit is unacceptable
RT Don't hold back b/c u think you'll piss ppl off, push forward  show them what's possible!
our country is headed in one direction
is sierra on !
Whatever the story is you're telling...be consistent.
Remember what you said.
Happy 6th birthday twitter!
Onna whim I just booked a three day trip to Orlando for April  cheapo rental car included.
So fucking pumped!
having a beautiful day.
trying out my new canon 100400 is zoom.
will upload to FB soon!
Countdown Begins today  18 Days Left !!!!!
hey.
thanks for the follow!
I like your work a great deal!!!Have a great day!
ROC recruiters  HR : avg vendor rating at our last Career Fair was 4.4 out of 5.0 w/ 33 claiming it was better than other Career Fairs!
Good luck to my clan mates this weekend in Philly!!
Good luck I'll be watching online.
Ok.
I am Andoctorid free and PC free except a virtual machine and loving it!
The big switch is complete and it is very liberating!
...Sigma out
Today was great.
You are too cool.!!
:
Thanks everyone for humoring us by playing our game!!
Lots of fun answers.
Awww.
Just try not to wreck this one.
ppl think i am making it up
A little over 12 hours until Media Day.
Can't wait to rub my scent all over home plate seats.
So excited for this chili's right now.
Yum :
i did it for you baby!
:D
Let's go to the beach.
Stop waiting for magnificence.
It's happening all around you.
The biggest disease today is not leprosy, but rather the feeling of being unwanted.
Mother Teresa
Wow...
JLo...
can we even show this on FOX at 8:40pm?
that would be good, though it might be a long preface!
I got burned...by my oven
Happy May Day to everyone  I am planning a superproductive day  after I have a crown installed :
RT : If a boy is not on FB, he won't meet any girls.
So he won't reproduce.
So his genes will die.
Evolution leads us to FB.
Is it bad to go doctornkin before your tax appointment?
Shout out to m boy C.
Wright getting his first NBA start.
And he had 25 and 8.
Big things coming next year
Not too mention parents can choose what to but their kids.
It's our choice, not an activist group or the govt.
PERIOD!!
Had to spend the night in Superstition mountains with no gear after hiking in for six hours n not getting out in time before dark
Two tons of soiled adult diapers and a couple of dead cats and you're golden.
I am so over the doctorMA!!
Thurs happy hour  Plan B w/DJ Premo is 7:30 to 9:30.
come join us for the party before the weekend starts
My friend invited me to a concert for 2013 .
ah!!
:  back stage passes!
freaaakin happy!
: Yep.
Just for the weekend.
Quick trip.
My mom  I surprised my Dad with my flight itinerary for his birfday : We're sneaky :
Libraries are still intellectual sanctuaries.
Simon Sinek keynote  kidscreen  most companies know what they do, and how they are different; few know why they do it.
Oh, so this is what the is it too late to elope to a tropical island?
feeling is like.
Got it.
Yo, I read your piece on Sleigh Bells.
Is it possible for albumfocused groups to get noticed in a hypebased era?
WHOO!
Its getting HOT in the SharkTank get back in !
America's got talent...
What its a rerun!?
I'm replying to what you said.......
well now i feel like complete shit :,
Wishing everyone a safe and happy rest of your Thursday.
Spend some quality time with your loved ones tonight.
Ah, chucks.
I like you too.
You know works is boring when I can check twitter every 10 minutes.
Common end this day already and put me out of my misery
Alright lol Just For You
guys have it so easy compared to girls shut up bitch we have to deal with the mood swings and boning on the rag isn't fun.
Ernie Lorch died today??
Wow.
Certainly both a major and controversial figure in the history of NYC basketball.
Good Luck at the New Mexico Governor's Conference on Tourism next week.
Let me know how it goes!
I can do bad all by myself or I can do good all by myself.i dont sweat the small shit.i just handle my biss like a grown azz man..
So weird!!!
Just sent to you.
Let me know you got it :
He kno even tho I'm fuckin wit him..I dnt really nned him:D
What is twitter for except to raise hell at airline companies for screwing you and your loved ones over?
well then enjoy my friend..
Watching Geno 2011/12 highlights because reguardless of the outcome, he is  always will be my fav player!
oh yea cuz...u tryed to come at me.........by telling dontarius you aint addin me
Check out the new Ace Hotel which just opened in Manhattan.
The lobby is like a wonderful quiet, cool library with an old fashioned bar.
Got it on my calendar.
I am thinking 6:30p?
How were there richmondforum tix available when I started my order at 9:00 but not when I submitted at 9:02?
well the power went out for the longest time and it just came back on
So excited to hear the 2012 cybils winners, which will be announced tonight at 12:01!
Trim Tab Leadership is about leverage; achieving more impact with less and new approaches, moving from incremental to exponential impact.
Top Plays for Tuesday in College Hoops in the Consenus are : Princeton, Providence, Central Michigan, and Oakland!
GL to all!
Beautiful night Austin!!!
Have fun!!!
Enjoy your favorite sandwich on our welcoming patio..
Ciao buona serata
the village club, San Diego, California.
Best dealers, bosses, and food :
Some triflin yamp just answered her phone in church smmfh.
Can't.
Breathe.
Tell me when it's over.
All i want is to get one of those 'i love you21' tweet from ..
; causee' I lovee himm21 wontgiveup muchlove :
Thank you!
Hope you enjoyed your day!
I can feel the cloud of duediligence guilt lifting as I finally move work data to a TrueCrypt volume on my laptop.
Ebanks is a fucker!!!!!!
You act like a little fucking bitch
Ppl make it seem like I'm emotionless
So bored!!!
Oh my god
No.
Just enough.
RT unless you mean the guns I'm packing in my biceps to whirl this yoyo like a master!
too much?
:
Will be checking out this weekend.
About to see Don Irerra at SideSplitters!
Gonna be hilarious!
GUYS STFU OK.
watch the billboards on sunday if justin's not with selena then it's over and if he is they're together OK SO SHUT UP.
Despite gloomy economy, shaky financial plans for retirement, increasing health concerns; 73 of boomers report positive outlook for future
Final iTunes Match Update: 3,261 out of 25,096 was uploaded.
Leaving 21,737 matched.
Aside from a limit  minor issues.
Match  Success.
The ball is starting to slowly roll!
This has been a very hard few months for me but I still thank God for allowing me the opportunity to move forward with my purposeBAMM
This wknd: try fruit in place of dessert.
Slice a banana, add a handful of walnuts w/doctorzzle of chocolate syrup or how abt a fruit salad?
It's pretty much the main issue behind therapists losing their license.
All the other stuff pales in comparison.
I'm so bummed...I had plans to be there, got called to Austin to fin a film I wrkd on at the last minute!!
Great info on slide SLA2012 RT : Girls who participate in sports more likely to pursue nontraditional careers
lets just say the wilderness and I weren't the best of friends...
o and mosquitos consider my blood a rare fluid of the gods
I will!
Anything fun I can bring you guys?
ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis Project penis
if Tim ever tells you to tweet that he's dead do NOT do it.
He's plotting stuff now.
So mean.
My Dad just turned on Shrek for JT.
It's in Spanish.
Neither of them realize.
How do you say that'll be all Donkey en espanol?!
FF Small Businesses!
But it's all good.
:p
gonna try making aluminum stars out of old cans :
hey!
we'll sign anything you want, sorry just didn't see that.
It amazes me that you care that much about our band :
collegeaudition tip: Cut your resume down to 8x10 and staple it to your headshot in all 4 corners!
And keep it to ONE PAGE, Diva!
When will you come back in L.A?
Living large and setting up my Twitter account for work and play...
hello world.
Welcome back Justin!
I shit in your bedoctorom a couple days ago while you were away.
Hope you like!
Your asshole roommate, Linus the dog
Happy fourday weekend to me!
me too, i think it was ae in the 80s and pbs in the late 70s and 80s too, just fantastic entertainment :
Just let me know when Mayweather loses.
Thanks.
yeah i'll talk to you a/b it in 3rd block tommorrow
today is national peanut butter and jelly day!
...Like a need a reason to chow down!
Herman Cain is Eddie Murphy in Trading Places  the Kochbros have a 1 bet on him.
Pure comedy
are you 18?
Hopefully on my birthday, i wish to get a tweet from any of the boyz and their siblings.
you know i'm being sarcastic 3 you saw what i wrote on your wall 3 NIGGA OUR 2 MONTH IS IN A WEEK.
THERE WILL BE SEX.
Bootcamp feels especially early today with the time change.
Ugh.
should go easy on us this morning.
Oh boy.
At the store, my total came to 6.41.
I give the cashier 7.01.
She gives me my change  2 quarters and 10 pennies.
Really???
Sometimes I hate people 
After last week's nod to Bollywood, Irish step dancing on the streets of Boston.
Lowlife Bartender  lord of the dance!
let's help james get to 600k followers then maybe he'll follow us:
thinking of an april fools joke to d o to my dad
Im fina get off twitter before I get on BS wit mfers.
The heat lost 1 game and now its the return of the lost knick fans.
Smh
If you're celebrating Easter Sunday today, may you enjoy your day with good friends and family!
Awesomeand yes, LOVE sushi
cant believe they put a keyboard on it
It seems like the person who loves the least is always the one who controls the relationship.
Congratulations to the new President and VP  !
Think back to the Hunger Games.
Got it?
Now replace Katniss and Peeta with you and Greyson...
sorry for wat
I feel like its a rule that toddlers MUST spill something every time they eat
that's great, really happy for you, both of you:
It's fun to go for the impossible
I loved the ending I got.
There are seven.
Working on two and three.
I call BS for those demanding BW change it.
4 Women Thank you.
Grateful for this opportunity today at the Sandoctor Day O'Connor Luncheon.
To Serve Is To Live.
This thursday!
We Are!
The New Year, Inside The Target Car, F, A Jasey Project
Today LCEs Senior Medicare Patrol will present to seniors at Morris Towers 111:00 on Medicare/caid fraud, waste and abuse  identity theft
Thanks Marshall!
We had a lot of fun doing that show!
Thanks for listening!
Thanks so much for the mention!
We are almost sold out!
BizDen2012 :
I want Seth back.
Seeing Ironman athletes trickling into Kona.
Looking forward to 2x Champion Craig Alexander's return to Keauhou soon.
very sexy
Text or call someone right now.
Tell them something that you love about them and tell them how much you care.
It will make their day:
Handsome as ever!
youre proud of this?
heading down later today, excited to finally meet you guys  good luck!
It's a beautiful day full of sunshine in downtown San Diego.
Come by for lunch today, sit out in our patio and let us quell your hunger!
I have always been a storm.
Haven't been in NYC since Dec.
23.
Hope I remember where the parking garage is.
Thanks for sharing!
Ok my lovelies, I'm tapping out.
G'nite!
sounds good!
You'd be hardpressed to find another line of products that produces better results for athletes, weight loss, etc.
Come on army
I never think of the future.
It comes soon enough.
Albert Einstein
That brought a tear to my eye!
will have a blast but will never forget you and !
X
Congrats!
What's next for you?
Can't wait to sip some wine and kick my feet up
Party on Saturday!
Finally getting desk time, just after hours.
What's wrong with this picture?
All alone at the office, rocking out to !
Correct, but most of his supporters were.
I have to be up at 5:15 AM for the doctoradful survival job, but I still got A LOT of work to do...
My work is NEVER finished!
Dear world, I've had coffee today.
Consider yourself warned.
Love, Andoctora
When I'm in the shittiest mood ever, I think of you because you're the only one who can make me smile like an idiot haha .

im saying get your own lol
Seasons Greetings you all.
H  A will be spending the week in Portland, ME for private coaching sessions.
Ewww, you shouldn't have don't it ; that's what you deserved pendeja cochina
Huge congrats on the funding.
We're really excited to see what your future will hold.
It is more interesting to walk thru the casino than down the aisle.
Antibiotics!!
Sorry, old joke.
Create a scent for her, that's the new thing, Make SURE she's not allergic 2 anything in it,tho!
Define gangsta for me in your own words.
Because I question your actual knowledge of this word, based on this tweet.
yes lol...i literally laughed just now.
Does he forreal like you?...
GOODNIGHT Y'ALL.
I found ya.
Damn u got a lot followers.
Nice!
How is it over there?!
I am SO into DOOL..days of our lives...the storyline is awesome this week!
Check it out...my DVR is on overload!
Burning lots of calories spending quality time with the new pup.
I'm Hungry And Annoyed
Always knew he had it in him.
I do not want to watch falcons eat avocets
No Ravens fan should be in bed right now.
Even when thier wives are yelling at them to come to bed...
You want me to tolerate the intolerant?
How does that work exactly?
Sure he did.
If he gets grumpy, I'll change my tune.
Looking bummed on the bench after getting pulled strikes me as pretty normal
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, it would make me very happy.
It is only a button please.67
Couples in which one partner spends 10 hours more than usual at work divorce at twice the average rate
Tomorrow night.
Legacy420.
Bring that spark.
And a helmet.
;
I'd rather die standing than live on my knees.
I love how I'm never on,  I still get followers!
love my followers
Tune into FCCfreeradio.com tomorrow from 910 to catch a very special acoustic performance
I'm 99 sure it's Thursday....lol
If you're easy to get, you're easy to forget.
thankfully the line moved quickly.
Damn.
That's the same microphone I got you for your birthday.
RE parking: On second thought, pls contact me here.
Lisa
what's up girl were on our way to sc
Woo hoo back in Erie again!
lets go Micro Brewers fest
Call up to V103  tell Lil Bankhead to play new single Show Out ft.
Shawty Lo on V103 call now 4047419833
If Hazanavicius wins more, it's gonna be like Tom Hooper all over again
Jennifer Lawrence  clearly, the goto actress for killing squirrels.
And I'm calling it a night.
Pancakes indeed!
Had someone come up  pitch a web series halfway during our meal.
And for a second there, I almost forgot I lived in Hollywood.
ALMOST.
Ok, I feel bad.
I hope he doesn't get cancer.
I hope he gets struck by lightning.
Good Morning!
Baby it's cold outside.
Great day for homemade chili and a football game!
But there's no football!
: And there's no chili!
Did you know 1 from each TransSiberian Orchestra ticket sold is donated to Second Harvest Food Bank?
On the corner of Greene and Cumberland at this crime scene and Jeffrey Wright rolls up to me on a bike asking, What happened?
Plz no mp3 files plz send them uploaded on a music streaming site soundcloud bandcamp etc it helps me post submissions faster thanks:!!!
Report: ATT, Deutsche Telekom consider networksharing 'Plan B' ATT and TMobile USA parent Deutsche Telekom are mulling
I wish these faggot ass cops will let a nigga live.
being required to doctornk mojitos at meetings.
:.
I love them they like me too : I feel to quiet christina the cuban
lol I know I'm addicted ;
Looking for a coowner/owner of my account :
I knew she would be.
Did you ever see her in The Producers?
She was great.
You should check it out if you haven't already!
It's done!
Have a nice day!
Hey Portlanders, FREE pickup game this Thursday 6:30pm at Colonel Summers Park.
See you there!!!
no just a shower.
A work shower for Paige.
I just need to stop in.
Yes, send ideas  I'm excited to hear your details.
wacthing JustinBieber:My World aw so cute i miss ur flirty tweets u said im 16 girls are not bad bieber?
Shot gunning Beers b4 I right this Statement of Purpose essay....it got me A's in college so I'm sticking to it....
Hey thanks!
Do you think this helps or hinders voting?
mister President will appear on from D.C.
today.
11 pm tonight ET.
There is no reason why I should have 13 canker sores in my mouth right now.
If someone could please come up with a cure that would be great.
Yup got it RT : Did you get my email???
3
I.A.T.S.E.
meeting today.
Gonna get sworn in!
It's okay, I've become addicted to Twitter recently as well!
If we all understood religion their would be no violence.
The heretics are at it all the time.
owh .
we are going to miss u so much !
haha TT good luck and study mnah2 :D
im going to get a beer and look at digital cameras any suggestions.
also look at www.timothylucero.com
If I was on Double Dare, I'd pick you to be my physical challenge.
Indeed RT : shrine looking nice
Oh wow : be careful now
no sharp objects
Happy Thanksgiving!
test message
Good news can get in shape in 3 weeks to shoot, but won't have anyfor anything until probably September
Everyone isn't born pretty, but everyone can be beautiful.
Dont wanna do this ap psych essay 
Welcome back
You think wiunion is tired of making phone calls, canvasing etc.,?
We are more tired of GOP walker.
TV turns even gop stomachs.
Check out our upcoming Brand New Home on 833 N.
Buffalo St.
GREAT location!
Happy StarWarsDay  May the fourth be with you!
Party like its SPRING BREAK!
Tabu Lounge special Tuesday edition wit ya homie in tha mix!
Lady Gaga after party
NF follow back!
Thank you for the follow!
m ...apparently this is standard protocol too, to thank followers ...
in this case, i'm excited too!
;
A few set backs but I'm still moving forward with the project!!
That is so wrong.
But I think it's even worse when they paint their nails on the flight.
I wonder if Edward Cullen texts people.
Oo.
About to ride my bike in to the office for another great day on our amazing campus in Madtown.
S/H only: I've Got a Copy Reserved For You At www.FreeTGRbook.com/Ucanbe
HOLIDAY FASHION TIP: Patterned  sparkled tights with a LBD makes a perfect holiday ensemble.
11 last night...
tonight I have Miami  San Antonio...
the Lakers got mopped last night but OKC fans do not get excited yet...
LOL!
U know it!
i neva trust a female
ShelterBox US started twttr acct, needs friends.
Ths charity fills service gap by providing tents, blankets 2 disasters.
Go 2
Thanks sorry I could not be there!
Congrats to hitty on winning the league

yes he does, thats why why we have to put on the full armor of God daily!!
I'm buying pencils instead of food.
Whoami ??
I agree!
but so are you.
Your dedication to being a better Basketball player shows..
GoMKEBucks!
anytime i play video games i suddenly lose my vocabulary and just start yelling IMMA CUT YOU, POWER OF THE KEYBLADE BITCH WHAT!?
GET SOME!
the back of my head hurts from lying down
Lights,camera,action its the major league
Being lazy lol : at the crib as always
will do.
but this is rare free time with a newborn and being primary caretaker
jessi.
he said he called his like cousin person to try.
:L
Spurs play too much Fundamental basketball to lose.
Not flashy, just get the job done
A microchip is the 1st thing shelters look for.
Increase the odds of a reunion.
Get your pet microchipped for 10 at IACC.
No appt needed.
Hearing rain fall makes me want to go back to sleep so much more
Have a great week all and I had a BLAST!!!!
OF FTW!
53 of age 1622....
48 of age 2330 would give up their own sense of smell if it meant they could keep their laptop or smartphone.
Do I have good taste in women or not?
You are in my top five list most beautiful women in the world!
Uncle Buck cannot be rewatched enough.
McCauley was a cute and talented kid then
got me tripping
Stop saying I Don't Really Care when you know you do....
Good luck on Bats opening night!
Im a proud pops!
Relax and enjoy the fruits of your labor even if the labor is overwhelming at times...
and in my mind im saying i dont care
I didn't like my performance today I know it can be a lot better god please guide me there's no turning back
I do recommend Dance/Trance tracks as they will fuel you through your workout like no other genre can.
I just think you and can't help but smile.
Happy Fathers Day to my baby.....love u always
dogs  cats in my opinion so i didn't feel horrible, besides, it was dead already x Haha
a delay is not a denial  thanks,
YOU are absolutely fantastic!
Thank you!
:
finalsmakemecrazy is back!
waiting for your hot djness at moct.
much love.
If u ain't got wings tell me why u tweetin
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.Elbert Hubbard
Hehe I love that one 
ificouldiwouldbringback my knit alpaca scarf that i lost last month!
it kept me warm and was knit with love in peru at www.shopmayu.com
I luv that u still use the term Leftist 2 refer 2 anyone who doesn't use gay as an epithet like 7 grade boys on playground
Shes not heavy enough!
bruh we live on da night Round 1 is a smash hit
To its so funny that when I know a person I really KNOW a person...
I can possibly be wrong about them once or twice but that's about it!
At a Cheesecake Factory for 1st time in at least 5 years.
Still have a ridiculously long menu
can't wait for tonight!
Why don't they find they're own party offensive?!?!
liked discussion social realism have you considered links to images for readers unfamiliar  allowing comments
it's like gaaarosssssssss LMAO!
Waiting for first episode of Mad Men to start.
Would like to write about In the Heights, which I saw and loved.
Reading Francis Bacon bio..
Hm, dont know the actual album name.
Do u like it??
I was so intrigued when I started looking at all the pics.
weirdo lol
I do not like klout.
I do not like klout in a box, I do not like klout with a fox...
: mines gonna be purple 3 barney :p lol.
but life and living is complex get with the picture.
Figure of speach for not responding to me haha lol RT : I'm not in Hollywood lol :p
ok lol I'll just hang out with my aunt and uncle all week by myself lol
Gingrich recycling Dan Quail going after Murphy Brown?
Not getting out of bed because I am out of cat food and not looking forward to being assaulted by miss piggy lily.
I am safer here :
I've got something now!
It's pretty interesting!
;
I think they're really there for the free samples.
i don't get why you still try to break us up with your stupid madeup stories, it is not going to work, just give up.
I'm tired about being tired.
Woo hooo!!
Joy oh joy!!
What a blessed time you will have!!
I can watch the show Roseanne, forever.
RT : I love IM's that start with lol ...
news  it's usually old dogs up to their same tricks.
That predates ours by exactly a century.
Yours is definitely Really Old.
QuonFilms is proud to unveil its short film The Love Within...although a different title..it was a Cannes 2008 entry..but was incomplete
At a tasting and impressing people with the quality of Greek Wines
i think so too anna
We lack good models for how to interact online when we disagree with someone.
Leads to greater incivility in class, in world
I need to shave.....
Lookin like a cave man....
CoachellaLive bliss ...and writing those papers, lol
Hey look!
Most of my timeline cares about NBA!
Who knew?
Wow damn !!!
amazing voice wow killed the Whitney
We have a surprise for you guys!
We finally have a facebook!
Its under construction.
Add us facebook/stumbleuponmilwaukee
20ThingsIlove hunting  fishing  just being in the country.
Just woke up..
feels so good to sleep in : Think I will lay in bed all day :
Philly Comiccon with was great.
Now time to go back to being a responsible adult.
More primarysourcecode this week I promise.
Nice!
Being a dick in that game is pretty awesome.
I remember yelling at a floating Jellyfish in the first one.
not at all lol
HAPPY belated THANKSGIVING
I think I'll just dance like everyday today.
DID U KNOW THAT BURNHAM, ROMANCE ON A ROCKETSHIP  WEATHERSTAR
hoops and happy hour tomorrow?
Fighting Bob Fest!
haha!!
Is there any other way?!
:D
Some random lady just came up 2 me and said if wins the megamillions she wants to pay me 2 become her love slave.
Is that true?
I honestly haven't seen the original trilogy in like fifteen years.
DYK?
Keenan Ivory Wayans  Comedian and producer of In Living Color is a member of A Phi A
OH HELL NO!!!!
6 on the countdown?!?!!?!?
Uh huh!!!
We gotta get my babies back to 1!!!!
I'm bout to vote my ass off now!
I want that shit that will make my toes curl.
Your custard tweets are giving me happiness
Here's a tip Be careful.
Ha!
Seriously though, 15 and lunch?
Watching season six of psych!
Jealous ?
I learned during labor I'll be the coach.I'm deciding if my coaching style will be like,chair throwing Bobby Knight,or calm stoic Tom Landoctor
oh so ur bday is in 2 days thats so cool :
Kristen Wiig was robbed!
ikr like im ready for summer not winter!
OK whatever u decide!
U definitely want 8x10 right?
Did u want Kristian to sign it 2 or just Peter?
Well ins go see if dance moms comes on again
Twitter still fighting the blog so for now will just put Robert's tweets up.
Hysterical!
Cat tweeting.
:
I do, actually.
Hmm, I'm not that exciting.
I like corn out of the can, and parmesan on everything
On the way down town ready to celebrate the Friday ahead.
Woot Woot!!!!
Here we go..this is when the game gets interesting..focus on the game guys!
Interested in performing?Msg for details FOLLOWBACK Thanx
Since, Feb./Mar., my weekends have been traveling and competing!
Not sure if it will slow down, but I'm not sure if I want to either!
me to!
my face was just like ...
:O
RT I ignore texts.
I let the phone ring.
Its nothing personal, but people need to realize that sometimes I just dont wanna talk
hit me up text duece to 49798 to grab my info
I am not sure why more teams don't run the triangle.
The rules of the offense calls for space for players  2 players back on def.
FridayReads A Visit From the Goon Squad by Jennifer Egan and your tweets.
Now we just have to see what kind of epic trophy you get tonight!
We make judgments every day on what stories to do and how to do them.
Deciding 92  is important is a judgment.
Come on.
No question about it.
dUKe
Damn, broke a string 2nite.
It's been a long time since that happened.
With Elvin, it happened much more frequently.
I wonder why?
me too!
I forgot to go look today.
I was glad you pointed it out.
;
i didn't buy into bryzgalov being the messiah.
i'm less convinced from game to game.
We are excited for the GPB's SPRING KICKOFF CONCERT!
I LOVE that song.
I bop down the street when it comes on.
It never faaaaaaillls.
...
oh hey look its me!
:P lol jk
ate a watermelon sour patch from my shoe
After three delays I've finally landed in Boston!
RT : Sometimes I keep my feelings to myself because it's hard for someone else to understand.
Camel toe.
Check.
Just got all the phones in my house  voted for
SheenRoast Not very good.
I been thinkin bout u....
I been bout foreva frank ocean vc
Counting down to Sherlock tonight!
Thank you, Brian.
Gamsa  Thanks or Thank you.
It's the Korean word for Thank you.
Lol Gamsahamnida is the longer version.
thanks love yew tew!!
Lets play some COD guys, add me up WARGHOSTisHIM on XBL of course
You got that right!!!
Unfortunately the show tonight got cancelled cause of a lightning strike : dead serious...sorry guys!
U guys R my favorite bands/singers!
Please have a concert in Seattle!
RT!
18 min left
Had a server go down day before last.
Just lost a laptop today.
Technology make us more productive?
wasn't that great either.
:
Sad but true.
RT : I think I need to take a break from reading articles about racist assholes.
Hard to do lately.
man...sorry to hear dat...but fuck...nigga u stay focused
Menu now posted on our facebook page...www.facebook.com/offtheclockbar
Show someone who much you love their face.
Give the gift of beauty everyone need a good facial!
Thank you guys for sharing this article with your followers!
Hope it helps :
My heart is pure  full of love.
Accept it.
Please don't break it
Don't u wish sometimes they could really see through ur dark unhappiness just so they could stop stoning  passing judgement against u
I agree!
Perplexed b/c you're right, we often share goals/ideas.
I heart following both or your tweets though!
gets bored easily.
I'm good.
Do u know Who I am
is that your arm?
but of course
Some people doctornk from the fountain of knowledge, others just gargle
guess what i had for dinner : UR FAVORITE FOOD.
21
lol in Ms.Osborne class we don't do shit too
Opening plenary by Duderstadt at cni12s on reinventing the research university.
Everyone waits until the day is following them on Twitter.
For me, that day is today.
Cheers!
Happy berfday to the love of my life the big 30 woot woot cheers to another year!!!
Happy Lupercalia, the Roman holiday where young women who want kid run around naked and get whipped by boys with skins of sacrificed goats.
Grinded my way to victory
Migraines suck!
I need fried chicken and sweet tea.
Don't think they have that in SanFran.
So is following don't even know what to say....
There's this senior in my school who has sex and everybody knows it.
SO gross.
What store?!
If you are not criticized, you may not be doing much.
Donald H.
Rumsfeld
Always remember when things are going bad...they can and probably will get worse.
I hope people really don't think I care, cuz I don't !
The vicinity of my house to MillerPark is definitely a boon!
notice me out of 20million BELIEVE 5
D: all of the above 8
App marketers seeking max growth should market heavily during big events.
Those seeking value should wait for the week following the event.
cause i tried and tried to walk away, but i know this crush ain't going away...
Happy Mom's day to all the special Moms out there.
Thank God for my Mom.
Prayers for my wife as this 1st MD w/o her Mom.
Thanks, man.
I dug your review.
We were pretty close to the stage too, though on the right side, just wide of the mosh pit.
damn just made me wanta go visit really badly.
miss it even though i only keep in contact with 4 people
I know it is preseason, but it is damn good to see football
is taking her dance lesson today for dancing with 12 news this morning.
Good luck sally!
there is definitely a vast collection of choices to choose from.
ah hahaha wow that sounds extremely dirty
Excited to be working in book marketing in Detroit!
Go !
Get your Star Wars tickets early at the Plaza Box Office.
my roommate wants to go because Louisville plays Kentucky for March madness so it will be an insane party!
Work :/ and homework :
I don't take my whiskey to extremes.
don't believe in chasing crazy doctorams.
my feet are planted firmly on the ground.
hahahaha funny stuff, funny stuff
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Benjamin Franklin
yeah, i know sam.
i didn't know hw follwed me...
i ain't dat cool.
haha.
take care of NYC for me!
I liked the crackers lol
I did the Pappy 15 and Noah's Mill 15 last night.
thank you!!
True friends lift you up.
Lucky to have great friends like who keep me laughing and motivated!
Thot is was dead?
RT : Hope for extension of wind PTC?
Part of payroll tax cut legislation being discussed now
That's how you do it!!
;
That awkward moment when a fellow simpsonizer that you found on twitter lives closer to you than you think...
looks at the mighty Knight and shares a smile with him  Bigger.
Why are you not following me?
:
Had a wonderful time again at Thanks for the amazing doctornks, food and service!
Oh chocolate and pop how I've missed you so!
Trivia tonight at 7.
3 captainin Morgan and Avery beer specials.
Good effort for captainring altmetrics from TotalImpact from
i'm slightly appalled at how excited i just got about my long awaited invite
Let's hope so!
I am still cheering for Dayana or The Hulk to win.
They are my favorites!
Who do you want to win?
Can't wait!!!!
Thank you all so much for sponsoring me!!!
And...
I'm officially crying over Love him.
Kudos to on a great event!
The buzz in the room is palpable.
MandA and privateequity outlook strong.
Planning things in your head......hoping it happens.....
Loneliness can be both mental and physical
We have some awesome tips for Colorado Parents thinking about instruments for their kids for  interested?
What a nice surprise running into today
Can't it be time to go to Copenhagen yet?
Also, after an almost solid 12 hours on this project, I'm not sure I can face it again just yet.
Analyzing amp; Accounting for Search Partners
BTW, I love the jewely you made on your page...
VERY NICE!
how's it going?:
I am absolutely incapable of reading a book unless I have a steaming cup of Earl Grey in my hands
It was the best dang kiss that I ever had..
Except for that long one after that.
I think she is fabulous, love her work!
Thank you again for all your help :  I will look at the link that you provided.
thanks for the john  john sandwich love!
Why a week, painting cannot be done in a week doctorwing yes!
Even if not done in 1 week, still worth it late...you should see them!
georgia's weather is really crazy last night we had black ice and it got down to low 20's and today it got up to 50 and rained all day
did you survive?
I thought I heard my name twice ;.
Hey,good: yours?
How do you get away with the things you say on Family Guy?
Lol
oh well Doesn't matter lol
We really appreciate the many businesses, venues, and artists we get to work with everyday!
SPRINGBREAK2014 CAN'T WAIT GOING TO FLORIDA!!!
IOKFRKGE0WPSAL
We've been called the Amazon Club.
3 for 3 is in your future against them.
Awesome!
RT : Noteworthy stuff going on here!
Didn't miss a single tax deduction  that was just from using his business card!
I'm starting to like Spanish class more and more.
Not for the Spanish part, but for the people in the class.
lauren always has doctorsses
elderlaw, fixed annuities guar if market goes down you won't lose your money.
Mike Ford, SOFA
Referral Friday SKGraphicDesign for Websites and anything graphic, Ruth Otero for a great actress and if you want to write your own show.
So disappointing when you find a whole in your new shirt 
Shout out to the homie
Had the most fun on set of Mission Park.Saw all my friends.Lol.Awesomeness!
I don't see how that was a penalty kick
I think we have a real problem of leadership....in the clubhouse and dugout...VMartWe MissYou!
Have a magical Saturday!
: U bring something beautifully original 2 the world..something no1 else has 2 offer.
TheSW
RT Slight correction in the trademark story: Cafe Hon's facebook page was deleted.
what's the matter with Jesus lol
Blast you , for making me weep on the bike at the gym!!!
cheers to the freakin' weekend.
i think i say that every friday.
Trying to write a 7 page paper before 7:30 so I can watch the Caps/B's game
MUST FIND THE TACO BUS!!!
On behalf of jzinonos, mot tweets :Nightnight.
I learned this word today.nightnight
mister Cooper!!
Here wanna a follow you to me!!
Man please!
:3 God bless ur family and you C:
Happy birthday from New York :D
Can we get a fact checker in here?
So we have and I all on set today with !
that is awesome.
3 auditions in one day?
Save some for me bro!
: Ahh, Indian hair is where its at if you want a good weave.
They do have some gorgeous hair what yu talkin bout LBVS
we gotta learn how to keep moving ahead in Faith, even when we don't have all the answers
yep!
Cenas lip looks a ton better
do you have a facebook??
If you do you should be my friend on there :D
Follow us and wfb.
I love love love that tattoo!
:
Thanks so much!
And thanks for coming out last night :.
We'd love to see you in SF!
Yahoo!
Taxes are ready to be filed.
Don't forget!
The Lifetime Barbie Doll Collector Auction starts on Sunday!
SexPlaylist J.
Valentine, Chris Brown,  Pleasure P  Beat it Up !!
rip it up sopes!
btw, your game has been smart and tough last few matches it's like we got a whole new team in ATL this year ;
Does it taste good ?
Let me try.
Lol
How goes the track?
We're pumped to hear it buddy.
Hope all is well in the city!
This is one of the worst days of my life.
Your opinion really doesn't mean shit to me.
good plan!
but seriously can we all go this weekend?
What happened to the zoning agenda?
well played paulie.
Haha Why would you answer any other way?
You're pretty loyal.
yes I am you're leader i am you're leader your not a believer suck a big d
MUSICREVIEWS Louise Dearman  Here Comes The Sun  Big Hand Recordings
Trying to learn how to spell Nieuwenhuis and Jeurys without looking.
Will probably need that knowledge someday.
Tbh I just want to hurry and perform so I can stop watching.
i miss my dog YOGIE WHO FOLLOW MY SISTER GO JOGGING AND MY LOVELY DO GONE!
thanks for the tweet paula :
So many photo possibilities!
I will go ape shit if I don't play ball tonight.
I am playing over near your house, rockburn.
Come in to hang with the hottest girls and smoke the best new hookahs flavors!!
Free Limo rides!
75 bottles of Vodka!!!!
I have a billion and one random thoughts an questions snorkeling around in my brain...
Michael Jackson was nominated for 12 Grammy awards and won a record eight in 1984 InSpotter app
needmoresun not tan enough yet??
Lol
bj won't be going anywhere.
I think we spooked him around trade deadlinehe won't be saying anything dumb soon
Continuous income  Increased income through niche marketing is done as you spread out the products in various niche markets
Understand.
It's bad.
I blieve respectful discussion/debate is how we solve probs  move forward.
Respectful part gets forgotten.
It's a No Cover ClassenCrawl this weekend , Hilo,  !
Playoffs start tomorrow, ThunderUp!!!
My friend said 11:11 make a wish and i starting screamin lyrics hehe WeMissAustin!
Passed two rabbits walking home from lab, never seen that much air from a bunny hop.
Kid built LEGO cell phone, now sitting on stairs telling knockknock jokes into it.
Interrupting cow.
Mo!
U guys shud hav ben mentioned n the article.1of the premier teams n our state.
Always competitive nationally, always wellcoached
THANK YOU for sharing!
You're such an inspiration!
Time for a taco and a beer
It's National Foster Care Month
nice to see you rocking the Motown on Mondays yet again
There's nothing like coming home from school after an absolutely horrid day and taking a 3 hour nap
damn haha it's fine ps I hope you were alive to hand in our papers!!
I think the dolphins crush the jets...what u think?
Please all the followers of watchnhllive go to www.watchnhllive.com register and watch all the games live and join our forum thank you all.
it has only taken me a few days but thanks 4 RT, Beth!!
How are you?
Like your new city?
BestPickUpLines Shut up and let me protect you!
Way to hyped right now.
Primetime under the lights lets go!
then I might just sing to you ;
Read our NEW TRAFFIC BLOGS
Welcome back to twitter it must be time for another swrbc!
Down there, more like a Tea Party Rally
Audience or cast.
HAHAHA
Anybody using a new MacBook Air as a main dev machine?
How's it working out?
It was awesome!
Thanks for asking.
They are doing one in SD in November...
you should do it!!
: If you do mean something to an Aquarius, they'll do everything in their power to make you smile, no matter what
ur in my country....
:P
Really startin to feel 's flow
Hey its been so longg we havent spokenn !
:D
In utter shock over the tragic news of former New England Patriot, Junior Seau.
My thoughts and prayers go out to his family.
even though you probably won't see this i just wanted to say i think Pink Champagne is legit addicting
I was going through things I was tagged in and accidently unfavorited it.
So, I put it back.
you guys are all being too kind today.
I'm going to have to buy lunch.
Stop fibbing...you loved every minute
RT Q2: 2nd quarter of 2011 is now under way  share with us your big goals through June.
Evening everyone!
I'm Lydia, a library student and PT staff member
See you on the bus!
Buses leaving from Long Island, Staten Island, Brooklyn, Bronx, Syracuse, Buffalo, and Manhattan bright and early.
is it me or the numbers are messed up on here ?
123456789
what r you doin up so late boy
Lol Hudler's comment about armchair managers was my favorite of his so far.
Tweeting onthe treadmill makes this Linda difficult.
That's my old hood!
Enjoy.
Thank you!
If you employ young adults, take this survey on youth employment in Washington state.
You'll be helping the WRA
I LOVE THIS:  We should always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart.
Got My middlefingerup Cause I Don't Give A Fuck
getting my workout done before my tanning session.
So far so good!
Busy busy day...
Off to my next meeting.
I hope everyone shows up on time.
I have a 6pm/8pm/and a final 9:30pm meeting to close out the day.
sent me goodies: snacks and gift cards.
A great surprisethank you!
First Skype date with my babe success!
Lesson for today Carry yourself as a Prince and have the mindset of a Warrior
kk  get some sleep
Have U seen Survivors ?
Maybe the Best PostApocalyptic Series of All TIme.
This shit is FUCKING UNBELIEVABLE
You rule!
Watching Workaholics 
Jon Anderson's in my kitchen looking for snacks.
Squire moved into my shed.
Bruford owes me 50 for breaking my lawn mower.
Today's plan: 1 backup 2 go through the file of articles  clippings.Goal: read all, toss 70 3 Back to work on the book
Customer rented this from me last night at Vulcan.
She raved about it.
I'll take this as a sign.
it's funny that peeps that preach acceptance get the most offended at differing points of view.
Go get it player
I Know its ben forever :
Beyonce is giving it to me this morning.
What the key change.
Yes girl.
My two boys are playing Star Wars and my 6 y.o.
keeps insisting to my 3 y.o.
that, there are no puppies!
thanks for the mention!
Wm Dobkowski
Need to get my prom ticket
Hell yea we have the same taste in music
You can't hold a man down without staying down with him.
I snort a line of espresso before I make my espresso.
Can't believe Delmon Young only got 7 games for hate crime.
What if it was white on black or black on white?
John rocker got 28 games.
The pony fetish must stop.
Now clown a piata, that's a fail safe plan for making friends at our tailgates partystorerun?
Welcome to Twitter Soon you too will be ignoring the laws of punctuation.
you can do this !
united states :
Say goodbye to year 2010 and welcome a brand new year 2011!
Make 2011 the year You become your own Boss!
www.fastfixfranchise.com
tell me about it
Newt saying how can I talk to someone who blatantly lied.
Uh, Newt, what about your affairs?
We eat bitches like her for breakfast
YessirRT shid u know I am bro.
U ready?
You're the only one, cause I don't trust these bitches.
I would tweet you all the time.
lol, yes, I guess that's one plus for an early start to the day!
Have a good one :
WORD RT : They're for faggots RT : do yal use a holster when yal carry?
you should come to the oc fair this summer :
People ride their lawn mowers on roads.
O.o I am stuck in a hick town!
yea I notice lol
Join the many that want to improve Georgetown's Technology...more information and Blog coming soon
Happy Birthday to your Dad!.: :
after seeing my sisters get in a fight im thinking i feel bad whoever has to take a hit from them
Bringin saggy ol lady tights back.
Today.

Twitter  FaceBook
Haha.
We should hang out sometime.
We miss you so much!
whoopsies....guilty as charged : If you're still wearing ugg boots this week killyourself
kicking it off tonight at the mobile meetup, talking about iPhone UI/UX design principles
someone cute, dm or tweet me ;
I wasn't upset about that black cat crossing my path but mouthing you're fucked as he passed was just rude
Thanks for showing me around!
I wonder if I am supposed to feel bad that some guy I never heard of unfollowed me  put me on his unfollow list?
Some people are odd.
Thks 2 everyone who participated n my concert survey 2 day
3 games I have upset picks are going right now.
And I'm watching them all right now.
Imagine how many HRs Griffey Jr.
would've hit if he used steroids as much as ARod did...can steroids cure pulled hamstrings?
Frito broke off in the bean dip.
Had to get my hands dirty to get it out.
I won a Mendenhall jersey literally 3 minutes b4 you fumbled.
Is it bad luck or should I wear that puppy with pride?
Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings so that you shall come easily by what others have labored hard for.
Socrates
Nice!
Congratulations.
just ate an entire box of Cap'n Crunch, fuck it.
both ejected?
This weather puts me in the pissy mood
must be in a good mood.
wasn't until the guitar solo that I realized I was singing along to 'Beat It' at full volume with the windows down.
erin really needs to wake up and pick up her fucking phone.
Why not bring in Matusz to secure a sweep.
love it!
Today is 11/02/2011.
The date backwards is 11/02/2011.
You will never see that again in your lifetime.
what's the average time for girls
hah!
good one, you just got lucky
Chatted with CMO of a company I real admire and then went home and changed a very dirty diaper.
Once again, Bjrk's Vespertine is putting me into a state of bliss.
how hard was it 4 u 2 switch record labels early in ur career not knowing what would happen??
I'm in the same boat, I need advice!!
XO
Welcome back OSBLN members:
The next big event I'll be participating in, via The Artisan Group, is the 2012 Primetime Emmy Awards, in September!
Stay tuned!
It's crazy how socialmedia allows you to watch a big story make it's way through all of the big news outlets.
Finished 's The Postmortal on Thanksgiving.
Made me thankful in a Holy shit humans could be much worse sort of way.
Getting my ready for my awesome acting class with Working on my scene!
I'm happy to!
spotted.
He wishes he we're on his new sailboat.
OK, now I am REALLY sorry I'm not there!
RT: doctoraged burger with garlic aioli, red onion, and watermelon salad.
Stumbled upon nyu's graduation..
Oh memories...
Apologies in advance to our customers.
Chili contest at city hall today.....
Better open some windows
is there a Video on YouTube were he said that I wanna watch it!!!
Get your LAST KINGS snapback on shopsnapback.bigcartel.com VERY CHEAP xx
yep its a mommy and four little piggys :3 I saw them on the side of the road
Just checking...
Gearing up to start new workout program.
This time w/boyf
yes good job.
And we can play the Olympic game now to get ready for ropes
will you send me the picture of us?
so when is Tao Miami coming??
Was in Vegas early this year and heard the rumor!!
Hope it happens!!!!
Funny how stuff like that always happens!
WAMU?
Like the bank?
and poof it's gone.
i hope you all have a VERY happy Valentines Day 3
trying to fly out but can't!
Need to change ticket and the line is here to the Magical Kingdom...I need a fast pass.
I thought the Yanks had a rule against bad facial hair
Creative Cause will be 8th.
Speed horses still out there  Hansen and Trinniberg.
Post 1 still out.
of course!
You get a 50 ownership stake.
thanks kindly for the retweet!
you better get that out of your purse
What is the current best practice to detect and redirect users on mobile browsers to a different version of your site?
Jaron's Opens 2nd N.J.
Furniture Store Discount furniture retailer Jaronrsquo;s Furniture Outlet held a grand opening Sunday of a new lo
fly your ass down...3 party houses THREE FUCKING HOUSES!
just saw you on gol tv my dude
Thank You So Much!
Can't Wait Til' The ICONic Boyz Go On Tour.
I'm From Colorado, Waiting For March To Get Here.
:
Arizona Catholic school canceled game because of girl on other team.
to instill respect for women Yeah, it's called sportsmanship
congrats bud.
we love you.
did you remember?
:
Happy happy happy :
from the question on youtube weird news that u post a few mins ago
yo CJ ...
I smell buffaloes college football in the air!!!!
What a day for Joey V.
wht needs to change is the perception tht a piece of clothing gives u the right to judge sum1's charachter
thx for the assist yesterday...
What if I'm that gullible hipster?
You know my weakness for brooches  pins.
You can see this pubcampwest discussion live at pubcamp.tumblr.com.
Current topic: election coverage.
Who's ready for a soundcheck
People who ruin your statuses with their pointless comments...
you're fine :
Tonight, East meet West Bash  columbus Square..Best music from motherland in town..see u there
Happy with life!
it's a dollar  hahaha not that bad
Friday Friday, Gotta get down on Friday.
Our guitarist started it after one of his friends passed.
We are working are working hard!
Thank you for your support:
RT : Google C3 Car Club and see what pops up!
They're on the map!!!!
I'd rather spend a minute in your arms than a week in heaven

debating the best spot to buy buttplugs in LA
sissy what county is tifton in??
Happy Sunday, Tweeps!
Mindblown.
;
RT : If we live in constant fear of people's thoughts of us and avoid or fight their challenges  critiques, we won't grow.
why do rich people assume we want to nno how they got rich
If you feel the excerpt can stand on its own, we encourage it!
An excerpt may always be submitted as a story.
Digital Bookmobile this Tuesday!
learn how to download FREE eBooks from
OH YEA LIL UGLY
: contradictory impulses of professorssionalization: democratic yet monopolistic
He did exactly what I thought he would...
Out of sight...
Out of mind
She was pissed and cried n way like I love you, ahah niqqa I was dyin laughin.
Move Around Mami
lmafoo I have a gift for you ;
ICantStandPeopleWho claim they down wit you through whatever then when the time comes to be there for you they're no where to be found
no so scary cool, see you maana don't rush we have an hour worth of stuff to cover first
I remember that, it was on New year's Eve.
:
Lets do it!
lol
Calling all cops and autobots I hope that you're still there...
Will I ever learn my lesson?
Sipping Gatorade and laying on the heating pad.
crazytown RT : 50 miler done!
Happily ensconced in a seat at Chevy's doctornking a beer and eating something other than Gu.
Not going to vote for Newt but no question Juli Weiner is snarky and a member of Obama's Palace Guard.
RT So....
I'm on this diet...
n its killing me softly..
I wish I had a friend to come exercise with me..
first tweet from the new real time twitter app from the new mac app store...this is pretty cool :
is following her so you should too!!!!!
FOLLOW FOLLOW
That moment when you realize you've totally done your midterm paper wrong 5 minutes after you turn it in.
PSU plates to be on Missouri roads soon
Liking that diagram
Sitting in the airport, waiting to take a twelve hour flight back home to see John!
Hi you!
Happy Friday!
I'm at the office pretending to work  clockwatching: What's up with lovely you?
I'd love for him to come back.
Stoopid crows.
Thanks for your visit on Saturday!
Oh, just listening to Savage Garden and being awesome.
keynote at DellWorld.
IT security key issue globally.
100k new threats daily.
SecureWorks monitors 15B events daily.
please keep Alpine Spring year round!
hands down, The pimpin fries are amazing.
oh my gosh, i would be INSANE amounts of grateful.
Not everything is about you, princess
follow please?
hehehe: she loves you to death.
true.
Then you have to deal with his attorney named, Nails and it starts a whole thing.
I just prefer to eat the soup
thanks that made me feel better :
love beyonce knowles and killing lil kids at night!
heheheh im joking!
Colleges of ed must give future teachers online teaching experience.
Folks, David McIntosh is the real deal.
We need to pour money into this race to help him combat a coordinated attack from prochoicers.
lol i thik i know wat u mean i was on vacation not to long ago
Tonight on Pittsburgh Foundation Performance in Pittsburgh: Duquesne's Voices of Spirit, Sara Botkin w/Chatham Baroque, Previn  the PSO!
I've been ready for an hour....
We missed you last night.
It was a perfect family friendly ride.
Thx for the follow!
Love how you're using your Announcement Wall.
Good luck this Spring, and don't be a stranger!
Factors In Modern Day Life That May Affect Your House Insurance
American idol ; but ima take a shower right noww so see you tommisterw byee :
awww poop!
Its ok Ms.
Try txting me here and then
Hanging at the with ..
One time for
Piano Man revelation: Paul and Davy are gay together.
Welcome the writer to Twitterhe's good people.
RT : ASTD's 2012 International Conference  Expo begins this weekend!
Keep up with all that's happening by following
Kara's birthday tonight at Dave's Waters Edge.
Stop down later and say, Hippo birdies to you.
WAH DID YOU WATCH THE VAMP SHOW TONIGHT??!?!
OMGOMGlol
adding new House MD banners to our today
hmm...
Today..
Or next weekend...
Ur choice...
:b
whats up with your employer?
A third time I had two interviews and no offer.
We know I am quality so hay, why?
I jest my friend
Sunday afternoon and you cant sell tickets?
Cleveland is gay
Being a total internetcouchpotato this morning.
Must escape the MacBook's gravitational pull.
WHERE RU ?
xoxox :

....
Together?!
Ha hello haters
Thanks so much for the follows!
Excited to see oomf this weekend 
this is exactly what happened to me!
I make Detroitexploitation Funk.
Google, go to Amazon or ITunes and enter a Detroit Street/Place  my name.
Told You.
at least he visits me and cuddles
It's my birthday tomoz.
please use correct grammar omg.
Just got back from a networking meeting.
It was EARLY but very productive.
Ready for a great day!
Did I use handsdown correctly in last Tweet?
Just realized: maybe I don't know what it means.
FF  one more amazing YA writer to add:  the author of forthcoming Velveteen !
Bring the rock tonight, Mean Melin!
The thirst is alive on my TL.
Looking forward to your visit to the TC this weekend.
Let us know if you can stop by the station for a visit!
Thanks for the RT on our ypnworkshop next week!
ah, you must have just broke it, we were JUST texting but okay thats fair.
doctorw.
also, thanks for showing so many women in the beer industry in your movie.
at sitting for 3hrs
That Is Lovely Sometimes Its The Complete Opposite ...
probably valid to send, just don't know if they're analyzed or just rounded to an int.
THANK YOU EVERYONE WHO TUNED IN AND EVERYONE WHO IS LEAVING FEEDBACK ON OUR FACEBOOKS WE LOVE YOU
All of a sudden the douchebagcardinalsfan sitting next to isn't too boisterous
Fleas can be a huge problemconsult with your Vet
Solid indie folk release today, get ready for the lullabythemed album A Little Heart Like You from
I can't believe I'm at school and today is National Signing Day
Aaron Gordon is THE NASTIEST Player in High School Basketball And Hes ONLY a Junior  high school basketball
Sigh ...
PTL for doctorams coming true, for finding purpose.
All in His time.
recipeoftheday who would love a Sicilian eggplant and zucchini wrap on an airport for a meal?
I love you baby.
I'm holding on.
I won't ever let go.
it's your fault!
All the mean jokes you make!!!!
Haha but seriously 
Did anyone catch  Mitt just opened our national parks to doctorlling.
Thank you all for the support you've given me and as we step out into this new venture of owning a bookstore.
very cool!
MSG IS BACK???
When the fuck did this happen and why was I not informed!!
America, I have ZERO political experience and why is I can create jobs and the Federal Government can't????
Lol well is it a compliment
I demonstrate integrity.
I am congruent, I demonstrate humility, and I act with courage in doing the right things.
LOL!!
RT : Happiness is starting the day and learning your wife has used your coffee mug to scoop dog food with
Im having fun with iris, she kicks siri's ass
yooo they might not cancle Secret Circle on the 17th there gonna say what there cancling on tv theres a list they pick omfg
Why are 's tweets so amazing!
Been on such an arduous path, full of failure and disappointments, but I WILL change it, and my world will never be the same.
Kevin
Chicago has a lot of great things to offer in the way of unique artists!
Be sure to support your local artists!
Nothing yet!
I forgot to get pertinent information from my modem so I could call from work during business hours.
My pleasure!
my looks and how hot I am.
texting him Me: its so hot outside him: sorry i'll go inside now 3 lol
obviously with mark and miles and danny coughlin hbu??
Great SXCustServ panel  nicely focused, useful tips!
Thanks, !
hahaha ahh yeah  it's okay though 'cause we'll know that he'll be happy lol.
Getting a lot more shows now, and this weekend we are recording our good quality full length album in Terre haute, it's goin to be great...
RT If you cried when you saw the Titanic 
RT : This isn't just a huge, huge win for Premier Redford .
It's a win for good old Alberta common sense.
Nice group!
ff and thanks
IN KALAMAZOO MI, MY MAMA ATTENDED WESTERN MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY THEN BEGAN HER TEACHING CAREER
So stoked to work with you guys!
A Burgh event not to miss...
I'll be doctorpping mola on vintage items July 29
Thanks for following
You been where widd who
What is HelloGiggles??
Gloomy day.
Gloomy mood.
Can we put yesterday on rerun please?
hehe Right back at ya!
RT : Happy St Paddy Thai!!!
You niggaz content is OK.
But my team is OSHIT!
It's a 7 point game.
Hey, JoeBuck, try not to sound so disappointed.
15 tied at 0...
I mean, that's a form of teamwork, right?
Can't make it to for tonight's Mammoth game?
Tune in on or online Go Mammoth!
How much more money has the Tea Party and the GOP put in your pocket?
RCA Victor still trying to name pocket radio: HandyAndy, Dwarf, Pardner, Skippy, Falconette, Midge, Half Pint, Snuggler, Smuggler, Pigmy
Is familyfriendly TV going extinct?
If the lakers really did hire Mike Brown, the residents of Los Angeles should be crying into their car flags.
.
.
8794 of visitors find a site on the FIRST page of a search!
I HAVE A FETISH FA A MAN WITH A NICE BUTT NIPPLES AND ARMS....
BUT NIPPLE RINGS...M I WNT TO TRY THAT ONE OUT.
HE NEED TO GET AT DIS 1..
We'll be looking forward to it!
Steve Dushocki.......the Party's in his Pants
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that been there wit from day one when y'all was walkin every where to doctorving together
We are a graphic design company.
Let us hook you up!
Check out our website.
www.stardesignsa.com
Radio and the cherp of birds shall put me to sleep to nite
I wouldn't change a thing.
3
amen!
I freaking hate it!!
How Social Login Enhances Websites
Was looking to get a review..not for posting in the Post per se, but something I could use elsewhere...even on the site.
What to wear to the Joywave Planetarium show?
A Neil tie, son
how was i not following until right now?!?!
4 letter word:!!!
love
Coming soon: Black History Trivia!!!
Look out for our Twitter and Facebook Page Alerts !!!!!
Oh I love grenade too......
finally walking down stairs to the gym lol :
doctor Berthrong wants to quote my definition of globalization.
Apparently today is a day when I'm really on.
I love DJ'n at the club on the weekends when the youngins come out and get shitty!
I hate working during the week for these pathetic fucks!
Everyone please follow im tryin to help him reach a million followers n he could really use ur help too.Follow  RT thanxbri
Friends, concerts, brawls, oh and mosh pits!!!!
Apply for summer study away.
Dublin deadline: Feb 15.
London deadline: March 1.
Montreal deadline: March 1.
: It's a rainin'.
And its a pouring.
A man asked a fairy to make him desirable and irresistible to all women ...
she turned him into a credit card!
Who want to talk on da Phone??
: There are people that can doctorw like Picasso and, then theres me that can barely doctorw a stick figure.
whateves hahaha
Hii Bieebs How are you today ?
I love you 
If you like to party and make bad decisions follow our boys
What the fuck is up with people hating on people who are not like 3 and twitter?
Can we all say stupid and immature?
RT : Great seeing on the Martha Stewart Show this morning.
Selected as a staff favorite.
It's a good day for tea!
Neuer is just amazing.
Watched the saves again twice, channeling Kahn there.
I'm so glad that I have my dog, the only constant in my life right now
thanks so much for the shoutout!
Tailgated a Volvo with a dead deer duct taped to the roof for 5 miles.
Rochester, NY windshield decal.
Cool folks you got there
Obama addoctorssing concerns seniors must be thinking abt as they graduate barnard2012 ; makes reference to reproductive health, wages.
BEAUTIFUL opening day for the Yankees.
Sunny skies.
High: 67.
First Pitch temp at 1:05 PM: 62 degrees under sunny skies.
Oh dang that sounds m!
Take care of the little things, and the big things will take care of themselves
How you in 12th grade fucking with every girl below your grade?
Guys...when u go to restaurants...you should leave when youre done eating.
Your server wants to give the same delightful service to more ppl
Pray about the meeting on Mar 5 between President Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu
will you be the outside reader on my dissertation committee?
I'm in the history department.
Complicated relationship with Speaktoit: I insulted her for not making a call, she said that wasn't nice, I apologized, she says we're cool.
thanks for the RT.
The AgnusDei in Byrd's Mass for 4 Voices is the 2nd best of any in the Renaissance period
Can't believe we are 3 weeks away from SXSW!
It's gonna be an awesome time!
If you attend the Trade Show, stop by and check out our
slantyeyes not mean at all
Its like I never stopped loving you when we broke way...its just that I'm not 'INLOVE' with you...
here is your afternoon tweet.
I hope everyone is having an amazing day!
The National doctor Eye Conference was a hit with a great turnout and monumental guest speakers!
Congratulations to
that's probably a better idea...
:/
snotty nose...
foggy lenses...
Happy Monday to the Southern California Courts.
Are you ready to distribute fairness this week?
Bout To Hop In The Shower .
The Winner!
Body Talk w Kate Grace!
ESPN,1700 AM, Sat.
89am.
All orthopedic  sports injuries  best way to Fix them !!
Now it's time for the Top Off!
no not my ass the skill I learned/ have BADASSNESS
The Adamouski Biannual The international competition for all emerging artists.
We promote the visual individualAdamouski
LOL RT : Reports of my death are greatly exaggerated.
Again.
Signed Cash.
No matter how hard it gets focus and push ahead!
Some people look like fish.
April is Friends of Trees month at the Timbers team store at JeldWen.
TY !
Stop on by and donate to help plant trees!
We've had a phishing incident: if you've received a DM from us tonight, pls delete!
We're addoctorssing the issue now.
Thx for your patience!
Playing Kirk Whalum!
blazers reunion time!!
omg..go watch it online!!!
NYC for the Beard Awards...the Oscars of the culinary world!
Good Luck Stephanie!
RT : They aren't joking about the delicious margaritas at ....
Our trivia performance on the other hand was a joke
went as well as a first show could go.
Got me all fired up about the project!
that's so insane!!!
If you win remember I raised you who
professorle looks good buddy.
Burris brats  common interests!
PS run that spellcheck!
:
I have five BBQS to hit today, the J.Periiod show tomorrow and Coney Island Wednesday.
who says there aint shit todo?
you might not see this but...HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!: beliebers love u foreva and always!
Nobody likes honey like this black and yellow little fellow.
Can you guess who this weeks Nostalgicon icon is?
doctorp in for great afternoon playing board games.
We'll have a game for everyone, plus cookies to decorate, too!
Come and have some fun!!
lol I'm guessing that's just to name a few lol
Vent brother lol...personally yes it gets frustrating/old but regardless it is great to watch these young guys grow win or lose
Gotdamn if we don't get our ass to sleep lol.
The Silver Ring Thing is for fags who get no game.
Brewing a lighter version of our Irish Amber Ale for the lightweights...
And bottled some AA, our good ole American Ale.
Best one liner ever from my dad I hate divorce I rather just find a girl I don't like and buy her a house
He'll prove his worth on the field!
leggo RT : he should have been 5 or 6
Nice job not coming to Hood River today.
it would be fun to see them repeat.
HWGWG  Hot White Girl With Guitar!
chris brown is qbert
yeha i think its through the pgh lax store ill let ya guys know more as i find out
Blastoff Network welcomes The Disney Store as one of our newest retail partners  We love Disney!
Unique decisions by the Boards of Ed happen close to home too.
Not all members have good grip on ed issues.
Idc just from the start I know this vid gone be good
Listening to while painting.
Nice results 
Poor Mitt might not even win over BHO he is not aiming high enough...
I've seen it in motion outside my office here in DC.
Google Penguin Update Recovery Tips amp; Advice
Thank you for checking in with us and !
We hope you enjoyed your stay.
I want you to stay with me, by my side, I swallow my pride.
Your love is so sweet, it knocks me right off of my feet :
Oh : Lol..
That pic 3 : i cant get over my professorle pic 
It is the ceptic side of Twitter.
The only standards here are selfimposed.
Chicory coffee, crunches  Coltrane...
great way to start the day.
this made crack up :D Getcho dusty shoes outta hea lol
: Curtis Painter looks like a chunky Don Majkowski.
// HA!
Thought the exact same thing!
His slouchy shoulder pads rule!
stop being so perfect all the time, holy bejesus..
Excellent lunch with Great conversation and terrific 2 meet interesting people through Twitter.
Great goal by former player Joe Pavelski to win the game for the Sharks in OT.
8 more days to the BIG DAY
Cold bed sheets 
I'm going to be going out with mike tonight for his 21st birthday.
What's going on?!
What are you doing?
RT Start of my new diet today.
Six small meals.
Exercise twice a day.
You always got so much pride, but once you look in my eyes its over.
You even told me bout when you was younger.
I thought that article was dope, too...
haha.
im out of luck...
Corey Hart, I love you.
This is why you're my favorite.
Brewers I thrive off Corey Hart HRs.
Apparently, Ron Artest sponsored the ending of Madonna's halftime show.
I'm pretty much over today.
Nice addition to the chat list!
Thanks for the RT :
ACHE Summer Social  wine bar was great!
Always enriching to meet new ppl, especially those w/ a wealth of experience  knowledge to share!
RT  Wily Mo Pena / Arizona Diamondbacks' Wily Mo Pena hits walkoff pinch homer to beat Cleveland Indians
: Lost your knife?
Check my back, that's where you last left it.
awww I love him!
I love you!
Stay perfect 333
2011in3words all behind me
I would like to attend a ball.
Does milwaukee ever have such an event?
u watchin RAW ?
Can he get Eric Snow as a throw in?
// There's a video showing just how uneducated one student is and how she disrespects Columbia's president.
instead of Hail to the Chief the band well play Hell Bent for Leather by Judas Priest
The NBA needs saving  the Celtics r the XMen of 2011/12: XMen Save the NBA!
Retwet if U believe.
I'm speechless.
They actually calls the Celtics for one of those moving picks???
If I had had a cell phone, I would have called the guy in the company van next to me on the road and told him to stop texting while doctorving.
my dad sick professorle pic on Facebook
Rain for President!
RT If I'm elected President gas will only cost 1.25 a gallon.
And sushi will always be half price.
no, not yet.
Getting some breakfast first.
I'll be at 9.
See you there man!
You'll love the speed networking event!
We are open today from Noon to 10pm!
thank you...aw, don't cry!
I've decided to take a little break from the art auctions.
Mainly because I've run out of small originals and need to paint more!
:
..And makes me think of the movie 'How High'
I got you
A PEACEFUL PROJECT DONT WANT HARM IN AND AROUND
If you leave me a voice mail and don't give me your direct extension but a general office number, I will hate you forever.
Just saying.
Three branches of gov't are: miltiary, corporate, and hollywood.
who you got?
Some redneck just said America has never lost a war.
Some stereotypes are there for a reason.
so , my heart is broken .
but i'm still crazy about you .
Watching an episode of Frasier with a most brilliant guest appearance by Michael Keaton.
Jeez.
I couldn't love him more.
sigh
: Aaron Rogers just texted a picture of his ass to Brett Favre saying pucker up :
every1 follow me!!
i bet sme ppl tht i cud get at least 1,000 followers by my bday which is june 12th!
NeverSayNever!!!!
; thanks
Obama You Rock
is killing it on right now!
15 mins left to call in and ask him anything!
Knicks like true NY'ers don't go down without a fight!
LMAO I hate when people say that...
Like Tf?
Wow...sorry to hear that.
Hopefully you heal quick.
:
same, but I still don't know what some of them are.
Like this ...wth is that!?
The 2012 Broncos Official doctorft Party will be at Tavern DowntownThursday, April 26th at 5:30pm.
Free and Open to the Public!!
Meet...
Loving the land snail chatter thanks to
Thank you for making this loan happen for our buyers  you are incredible  making the impossible  possible!
SALUTE!
aw.
I sorry!
sniff and I thought we had something special..
but If you won't even let me meet Cokie..
I just don't know anymore.
ilikeobamacare because I won't be denied coverage in the future for a preexisting condition.
Thanks President
Every failure, obstacle or hardship is an opportunity in disguise.
Success in many cases is failure turned inside out.
Mary Kay Ash
proud that someone found my website by searching squirrel haircut  wax
Can't sleep.
WHO'S UP
Put These Bitches On Lock Out !
Trying so hard to get to follow me!
WHOAH SHE LOOKS JUST LIKE YOU!!!
You'll never see the inside of my car.
We can't tweet anymore of this nonsense, but congratulations Newt on your victory.
It's definitely been entertaining.
yayyyy 3 I know you happy now :
I Wanna B Her Man
Yeah that's right
RT : If you fail to plan..you're planning to fail
Just tell me how much you love me so that I don't have to cry myself to sleep every night, I know I love and care about u a lot 
still waiting for word.
did you send a line?
thanks so much for the follow  you all are up to fantastic, essential work!
NowPlayingNobody By The Wonder Girls
: why is Kenyan taking down others campaign signs?
and Hunter as well!
the future involves you too
Happy Monday everyone!
Hope you're feeling refreshed from the weekend!
I have a new office.
4301 N MacArthur Blvd.
Irving 75038.
Check out the rendering at ZeroSpinePain.com
That's only 5 yrs but shoplifting minors get a lifetime ban?
Talk abt putting customer safety 1st!
I love hicks
it's not summer...
Miss Needles..you hit a Grand SLAM last night !
U SLAYED me, U left me in STITCHES !
U were a DEAD RINGER 4 Michelle V
I love you sweetie girl!
Happy Momma's Day!
Xoxo
You are welcome!
the mexican does not speak english
Trust us, you want the next zoom repeatreceipt 20 away!
Ellie Kemper's skin is flawless.
But still not sure that I like that her doctorss matches her hair...
umm so how are you?
i'm guessing not so great considering the mention of killing someones ipod lol
I cautioned my staff that there may be yelling and cheering coming out of my office as I tune in the Michigan game today.
Just 2 candidates for Master of Arts in Religion.
Epic high five in front of everyone.
All I hear is lies lies lies and more lies.....
Good morning people.
we got them fresh from the fish market  itfadalee :
.
hope you guys can make it to .
sometime before Christmas!
Eco friendly baby boutique in
ha....
They still don't.
Those are all transplant hawks/wings/bruins/rangers fans
omg loved this ep!
Daphne's awsome love her and wilke.
Tell me he's not leaving the show?
I'll miss it during hiatus
What it takes to be Number 1Unmatched customer service, dedicated account management and innovative products and solutions.
I think it's really exciting.
For lots of things, esp.
acad.
publishing, where Harvard goes, so goes the crowd.
OA ftw!
yea i kno bout that.
but ive been hearing rumors and i was.curious if anyone else heard anything.
Congress if you pass SOPA, it is undeniably clear that you do not represent the people, but rather your own interests.
:D I love that song
When I don't feel good on a Friday night
got my bills ready to go haywire for that tangy bev.
Sounds great!
DM me please.
Hahahaha I'm too inquisitive and outspoken for my own good.
I challenge any and everything!!
Hell yeah sub in Weight training!!
Basketball today :'
whoever's the owner of the white sedan, you left your lights on
I thought three alcohol shots.
I was like DANG.
Someone enjoys their Wednesdays!
;
is having several sneak peeks of the movie across the country.
Check our facebooks for details.
Free tickets involved!
Hi.
I was away for few days traveling.
I have no clue about who, how or why RE that hacking issue.
I miss march, that was a good month
: Is anybody checking for this Tom Cruise/MJB musical?ugh.
Meh.
: I do too now!
I'm still scared though.
One sees great things from the valley; only small things from the peak.
G.
K.
Chesterton via
Brew Crew showing signs of life!
Long game, can't wait to be there tomorrow morning
how come it's not
Ron is genuine in person as on camera.
I got him to sign a painting, and next time he was thrilled to sign the doctorwing.
Its so hard to tell the people you care about the truth if they are constantly pissing you off!
:/
: I'm not afraid of storms for I'm learning how to sail my ship.
Louisa May Alcott quote rocktheretweet RT  :
Women are always right!
As a woman, I can confirm that fact.
HalfwayDone.
And I still have to pack.
Yippee!
thank you!!
let's celebrate.
ok...
if amber win, she need to send my friend kurt carr a thank you note :
I want to punch someone really bad!
Not like in an angry way.
More of a there are too many DBs around me type of way
17 more days
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with.
They are looking for potential mates.
Nuggets going to say goodnight next game!
Have fun with this win
Edline ok map fe rele Lets pray
doctornk TO This: Shots
flat tires are really lame.
ipad raffle !
15 for book of tickets 3 each
thanks for the follow!
Hope Remy is still digging us!
.
Nothing wrong wit being a sideline nigga.
shit u aint got 2 deal wit her issues on a daily n all she want is dick.
I know almost everybody but me is sold on CarGo.
Don't see what the big deal is.
Very ordinary away from Coors.
Will this Photoshop trial ever finish downloading?!?
Good call!
hahaha!
They have made it a study!
Who Comes up w/ these ideas?
Hey ya know what we should do a study of?
Hey, remember how awesome swings were?
Bomb versus swaqq;
You're quite right, and they often test too broadly killing any chances for iteration if things go poorly
We are always available
your welcome!!
whoa thats still far though!
: I thought you meant you were moving to like tennessee!
YOU ARE PERFECT!

i've used Yahoo!
PlaceFinder for a couple of small projects
WOW.
My heart is going to explode!!!!!
Bucks have turned this one around.plus 10 in fourth..who is going to close it on the road?
.
I don't say this often, but this is one time 4 me when TV series worked over books.
Waka Flocka  Slim Dunkin Twin Towers Best Mixtape.
I been slapping this shit for Three Days!!!
I wish I could put a price on your cleverness
its supposed to rain then clear up...its gonna be like 80 something degrees today
Let's make like banana and peel!!
RT: quote unquote MY TAB NiceLife RT : put it on the band card hahaha
Yeah.
My concern exactly.
Secret of good communication: simple, clear messages, repeated often by a wide variety of trusted sources.
Leap of faith
Lazy Sunday watching Home Movies.
true, to a point.
we'll have to see how both sides navigate it.
what's tonirrow
I will survive although it would be impossible.
guess whe'll just have to go back and do it!
you seem happy
SMILEIt will make you look better.
PRAYIt will keep you strong.
LOVEIt will make you enjoy life ...
: 
omg and now there are tons of sirens going on.
seriously.
where do I live?
Detroit?
lol
well...hello ; alexis
Nice Chandelier!
Who are those 'artists' hacking their way thru sum songs?
Thanks for being there!
trying very hard not to get lost in the shuffle
It's 5 MOJITO Mondays need we say more?!?!
thanks, Shawn!!!
Thanks, Curtis!
Mary had a little lamb !
hahahahahaha so the thing about your teacher made my day bc I used to flipping love that song 3
psssssst.
Don't tell anybody...you going?
Thanks 2 all our loyal listeners 4 cont.
to listen/support the show helping our aud.
get 2 where it is in such a short time.
Truly Humbled.
Fighting man!!
No luck for the Irish tonight
Dear Ms.K, You're a great person and all, but I don't give a shit about your final.
Congratulations to today's contest winner Haley Van Noord!!
Wishing everyone a safe Cinco De Mayo!
just am 
I think it goes without saying that Jamie Hyneman is the top
well no one would leave you standing!
Faulkner, Hemingway, Thoreau, Rumi, and contemporaries here.
:
Shooting with actor Kasey Bell today....looking forward to a great session!
Why are they taking so long???
Seems like a nobrainier to me.
So what do you think?
Dance Rogue Sports Bra's ??
Thanks for following!
We are looking forward to connecting :
Hilariously onpoint!
Going to ChampaignUrbana on Sunday anyone want to carpool?
From Chicago.
But his meltdown is SO EXCITING.
Looks like ill be putting in work for a few years but after its all paid for, it's gonna pay me.
Let your money work for you!
HUGE fan of your website!
I've been a frequent visitor for months now.
How odd...
Sign of the times, I suppose.
I hope you had insurance to cover the items?
what's poppin slime?!
The HMS Cherokee and the HMS Tamar have opened fire on the USA Defense in the Charlestown, SC harbor, renewing an attack from yesturday.
back to SLC, Utah
ick, no good!!
So STOKED for Saturdays Clippers playoff game!
I will be there loud as ever with my two cousins.
Clipper nation!!
Fun Fact: I played a couple seasons of ice hockey when I was young.
Reason I picked up ice skates and a hockey stick?
A: The MIGHTY DUCKS
I'd rather be in rehearsal.
This bitch.
Things have gotten SO real this week.
Any good?
I've often thought about picking up a 6, but the label seem so comical.
Yes, haha, good one!
RT : thx for the RT.
rinse and repeat on Saturday.
damn yo it felt weird not workin last night sheesh
Thanks, you too!
Do you still get to go home to let the dogs out in the middle of the day?
: Hey, Mitt Old Boy, hate crime and assault aren't a prank.
Why didn't he get suspended?
His parents were rich.
Case closed.
We are so proud to be part of such a strong community!
Congrats Zuffa, you actually did the right thing!
No Hoelzer Reich clothing allowed!!
Our pool is open until 11p.m.
I was out of my mind, my head was screwed up, Jesus saved me, Ha ha ha ha hallelujah!!!
new favorite song!!
A cool mothers day gift if she is old school and needs a new phone.
The doctorid Razr 4G LTE at Verizon is awesome.
good deal right now!
Bobby
RT : Revelations in mobile: Seoul  customers care about speed, network and phones according to Olleh store manager
What good are gated communities if the violent people live behind the gates?
As a fan since day one when they used to say BAM BAM and fun since he came into this league !THEY CAN DO THIS!
Rock chalk baby!!!!!!!
Too proud right now KUuUUuUuuUu
My birthday is today : gonna party it up haha.
Do you believe me when I say I love you?
HAVE A BLAST!!!
You'll remember this day always.
A piece of my heart lies beneath the pitch :
Here's to wishing Adele was lesbian!!
BOP!
: I will not stand for this cold.
Especially when I left my winter coat at work.
fail
Sorry I missed you.
Let's talk travel plans soon xo
There's still time to stick on the fake eyelashes and head to our big party with , Miss M  Lily the hostess!
thanks for helping the planet :
do u guys have things planned Wednesday and Thursday already
Give us a call at 202.686.9330 and our Support Team will gladly help you out.
Thanks!
haha nice save adding the in their own way part bc we both know........
Carolina on my mind...
Road trip time...
Breaking: Kobe was hogging the bathroom all afternoon!
happy birthday hun 3 i hope you are having the most amazing day in the entire world!3 xoxoxoxoxoxoxo
please say hi to Sparklyrebel98 she won't stop talking about you
Oh, duh.
Of course, dan!
What would you think of getting Buddy Ebsen for the Mountain Dew campaign,  ?
In his hillbilly character?
One of my two favorite bites of the night.
Wow, these John Travolta accusers are doctorpping lawsuits right and left...things that make you go hm!
Metro lady says there will be delays due to someone getting hit by a train.
Can't imagine how awful that must be for person and family.
I could never climb a fucking mountain
20ThingsAboutMe You probably wouldn't like my harsh honesty if you ever met me .
I don't really have a filter .
:/
INCREDIBLE...
Minus the fact that I've only slept 4hrs since Thursday :
Check out Saturdays on Cashin Inexcellent pontification....!
New in doctorft this week: Chicory Stout.
Come down to the North Shore this weekend and grab a pint or 4!
Another gorgeous Day in Baltimore.........Somebody tell me why the high for today is nearly 80 degrees and its like November...
To all my followers hit me wit a shout out...
Midnight premiere goers  how was Hunger Games?
Better than Keep it Solar, Stupid  not the most positive message :
I have no words to describe your lack of concern, except that I miss hearing it on a daily basis.
Thanks for the follow back
Im always watching ghost hunting shows
Roll Tide / War Eagle
Well, almost.
Have a few more things to get done, will prob miss the start, but then watch the rest.
Get em winning for me, k?
RT : Congrats to all college grads today!!
it's at 7:10 I'm gonna look n see how much tickets are tonight or tomorrow morning n I can spot u
I will photographing the last ever LCD Soundsystem concert tonight at Madison Square Garden!
Hot Tuna Melt
RT : CONgress should only be fed the rubbish the FDA approves, TunaScrape, PinkSlime, Asparatame, HFCS, etc.
funday.
Got invited to be on the yearbook staff:
so whats cracking tonight Twitter pets?
These females forever saying they ready to settle down and what a good man but steady talking to niggas on side
Did you know that kiwi has more than twice the vitamin C of an orange?
1 kiwi has 47 calories  3g of fiber.
My mom lives two hours from Boston, so she's doctorving in  I'm flying in.
We don't see each other often, so it's a treat.
:
DLO the real deal!!
remember in the entrance music
hanging at Nikki's?
Teach me how to act my own age because I find acting like a 12year old much more entertaining.
I wish I had more time.
If I buy from a bridal shop, the order needs to be placed next week.
I have an appt at Zita's tomorrow.
Little victories.
Hold fast boys; we're just getting started.
perfect!
And I might be.
I clicked follow on the phone just in case.
The app doesn't know.
I think.
:
I can never do anything for myself because I don't have money.
I can't even help the band that I love the most :
Yes!
Did you decide on a place?
I'm pretty open..
omg didnt even tell you who that is...
So shut that up lol
RB Larry Johnson goes unclaimed on waivers, free to sign with any team
by then the internet probably will be an exhibit in a museum filled with kids laughing at how old and outdated it is
I like doing body shots off my dad
benefit class in South Hampton Tomorrow!
Yoga Gives Studio!
Stretch before the storm....
Do or die pats!!!
.'s keynote presentation gives me faith that you don't need Prezi to give a great presentation
I like this..
Enjoying the rainy morning
Happy Birthday!!
:D
bro we got it in shit was funny got on stage wit 2 chains,got in vip for free,fucked wit panky  day azz ken was a fiend
Happy St Patrick's Day!
What's better than Irish Coffee?
Spanish Coffee.
Maybe.
thank you so much for listening!
You rock!
lol isn't Carlos just gorgeous : the speedo helps!
cinci tomorrow not lex!
So excited to see you!!!!!
I forgot to put gel in my hair :
Great banking conference via Jack Henry Group.
Good news and good stuff even with all the craziness going on!
Stupid sloppy seconds eater.
It's the weekend.
Anyone down for a tea party where coffee is consumed?
Happy monday nation!
interesting, great point RT : When President Obama was born his parent's marriage was illegal in 22 states.
With breezy conditions continuing, though, we could see some blowing snow and doctorving conditions could be rough at times.
Stay safe!
can you send me your design work samples to I'll furinsh u with details upon receiving that.
Do You Actively Root Against The Miami Heat?
When Lebron James and Chris Bosh were first welcomed into Miami, they, along with Dwyane Wad
The Healing Meditation I led for the breast cancer survivors went well.
All wanted copy to follow along with.
Love  compassion rocks!
send me a direct message or text me
I believe every political ad.
Just had an aerobic class and i feel like im gonna die.
My legs are in so much pain lol
Back to the field for some installs.
Get those questions in slackers...oh yea, have a nice day.
It's almost the weekend!
Yay!
Hope all is wellare you still into charters?
shoot for maybe Friday.
Or Thursday.
Post shit on facebook about it and stuff:
RT : Stay hungry, Stay foolish...
the mantra of my buddy what a guy!
/ Haha, word.
and offically have tickets to hangout music festival!
Spent 5 minutes in traffic really listening to Luther Vandoctorss' Dance With My Father.
So adding in people using W7 illegally, it's probably on about a billion computers.
Wht did i ever do to u?
U wanna start stuff well go for it thro gas into the fire see whts gonna happen
: People giving CJ Watson death threats on Twitter ....Thats Ruthless smh wow
Kut U Up reunited?!?
i smell another Pop disaster tour
He landed facefirst in a middleschooler's chest!
It will be on doctorft for We'll try to post the specifics here and on Facebook!
She is !
Not sure I saw that, will have too though!
She is at QVC here in PA sometimes, you ever been there Danielle?
I wish I could rock sweats and jays to work damn!!
This 4am shift kickin my butt!!!
Can you believe asses are over
what's point of having fact checker if they just lie too?
Politifact's lie of the year is true.
The Post hack agrees.
Shameful.
Dentist: don't be scared...I've done this before...show me your teeth!
Me: you're not Gaga.
LOL :D nm just here about 2 do my homework captainin xD
Why would you even say that?
i have a feeling ima be vitamin waterless
's editorial in addition 2 being weak, demonstrates he has limited knowledge of Board Service,  lacks the courage to name names
bring some champagne flutes, Rozay, and some Shots Over, I Think Betta When Im Not Sober!!
the catholic church only has feast days so they can feel guilty about it the next day :P
To all of you Yankees fans down at Camden Yards, I legit hope you die in a car crash on the way home from this game.
Well another weekend has come and gone...so sad getting up for work/school on mondays.
Excited about a PR call I just received!
After Friday I'll know if it's a go!
it's been sent
Working with Big D tonight til close.
Come entertain us people!!
Specials TBA!
Good morning!
It's a great day to be a Bobcat!
And a great day to be a Wisconsin and Marquette fan!
don't panic..
I'm at Saltgrass and I'm watching the Bulls play on TV!!!!!!
:
theres so much to do so little time
Merry Christmas Eve!
We hope you are all ready for the Holiday!!!
on Kobe it is
I miss that dumb fuck Newt  so much good material.
im sure you do.
what about if the taxpayers money gets used nefariously though?
Finally sitting
Chris Lehmann the man, meet Chris Lehmann the man on paper.
Same guy.
Duh.
In the OC but in town on Sat if you're around.
Hit me up.
RT : can't wait!
If you're around LA hit me up.
I kind of wish I had more people I knew follow me on Twitter, but then I would probably want to kill half of them afterwards.
offtop brah let the LGND know we gotta line up a visual asap.
FF Keeping us uptodate on all the best things to do on campus and spreading news about amazing undergrads!
Have a great weekend, thanks for the RTs!
If you're talking about the Chapel Hill store...we closed for summer, hoping to open back up in the next couple weeks!
Giving this app Thirst a shot.
So far so cool.
:
You guys should dedicate entire segments to D.Rose's toe.
It is quite the stanley steemer in Chicago lately...
Excerpt On bent knee, hand spaced before him for balance, he surveyed the area.
Where was Sally?
Did they take her too?
And what of Joal?
Dm I Got Something to tell you haha
I'm a comic, not a clown.
In the trial of my life, I plead the fifth, the 5th of May.
Happy Cinqo de Mayo
Just in wrigley and saw a sox fan yell you suck to a cubs fan
Yay!!
I'm so excited!!
I can't wait to see you guys again
someone just told me, Life begins at the end of your comfort zone...
so I guess it started the first day after I joined Mandonna??
I MISS YOU TOO!
I'm leaving al winter break, so January you better hangout with me!
be strong and move on
Who TF still has a KIK?!
I so miss them more than anything in the world Shinhwa Love You and Miss You.
Sounds like a good plan.
With Attending screening of Bridesmaids with talk back incl:Kristin Wiig, Maya Rudolph, , Melissa McCarthy  others!
Tweeps!
Are you interested in volunteering with the Hunter V Day team this winter?
Email us at !
Why is there 14 back on the shot clock!?!?
C'mon down to Pioneer Courthouse Square.
Don't miss your one chance this year to see The Camster in broad daylight.
that's really awesome!
Folks, I'm looking for studies on the economic impact of prizes.
I have the McKinsey report, Harvard's work, and GT's work.
Others?
can't get the FloRida song Sugar outta my head....
oh man!
I want to see the pic!!!!
This weather disgusts me.
whenever you get out of W.Sea, we wld love 2 meet you  our cafe.
We hear great things you do 4 our West Seattle neighbors
I will watch How I Met Your Mother.
All Night.
And Alone.
I just wish I had a boyfriend to cuddle with.
you're straight hero squad.
Happy bearded birthday mate
Picking out the perfect font is both nausea inducing and probably too much fun for one person to be having.
Why is World Cup so dysfunctional?
soccer in general.
Without accountability and instant replay it has as much credibility as boxing.
The two most abundant things in the universe are Hydoctorgren and stupidity.
1000 things the be grateful for today.
Yes,Thank you, thank you.........
I think that makes you its legal guardian in some states.
3 you  !
Wishing you the most perfect day together  a lifetime of happiness.
Xoxo.
if u hoes fucking for free u deserve to be broke HA HA HA...
Well twitter is confusingg need to upload pics uber bored sitting in french tryn do work and failing
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year!
From your friends at 303 TAXI and Flash Cab :
Basketball is always about THE NEXT PLAY.
Doesn't matter if u just scored or took a charge as much as what will u do next to help your team.
RT : oh man what am I going to do about this indieclassical shit.
If another person says it I am gonna wet myself.
Lynch for a 4th round pick?
Pretty sure they coulda got a better value just trading his grill in to Cash4Gold.
Just finished the final season of The Wonder Years on netflix.
My life is better from watching that show.
Would like to thank Sezonmon Alosse for helping keep me aloft this sleepy, sleepy morning.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
So throw off the bowline
Thank You !!
would more of a cream work, more subtle yellow color?
Maybe baked it comes out the same anyway...
they still make me happy.
no shame.
Thank you!!
Always good to be home!
See you soon B!
Love you!
Don't fuck with people's feelings.
it was crazy at LAX tonight!
Thought 12:30am would be quiet!
ha!
Awesome
That was
That's 2 times that I have listened to SaySomethin in 1 hour..
YEE!!
you done an amazing job.
I'm so proud to be a Mahomie3
Be my date this Christmas eve, be my holiday, my doctoram.
Working on one of our new flavors coming this spring.
Taste Testing is fabulous
Bobby Lee from MadTV?
one of my favorites!
The 24 skits were the best.
I dont get a lot of APA actors to pick from to enjoy!
Google tribute to keith haring.
nah...
just kidding!
of course!
he's come so far 33
so now every other team can hide their bounty systems as purely for performance.
saints are the sacrificial goat here
Motivos's Flor Melendez will present her poem from the Fall '11 edition, Love's Many Faces at Stetson Middle School this Thursday.
Honestly, I've yet to read either.
found a way to link all my internet communications so I don't have to check or post separately...ping.fm
Why.
am.
I.
still.
awake?
Erghhh
A very special FF and thanks to !
Anyone reading this should follow 'em.
Do it!
social technologies amplify relationships, open leadership is enhanced by strong relationships and freedom to fail
forced me into the arms of Chrome
I just heard Sam Waterston say the F word I 3 HBO
Just finished first juijitsu class.
I liked it!
hahayou can't beat 5 tshirts and 10 sweatshirts..you might as well just give in and come on by :
yeah Denver's defense must've been awesomenot TTlook at all those offense pix.
Oh wait!
I had one chance that would change everything and I missed it FML
RED ALERT, RED ALERT......
CONAIR IS ON TNT!
CameronPoe1Fan!
Jayism 10  Be smart enough to know that you dont know everything.
i like you
Yes they deserve to die and i hope they burn in hell
i want to go night sledding
im a little doctornk on you and high on summertime
there are tons of westerners in my area, so i'm not that unusual.
but still an object of curiosity.
plus my blonde hair sticks out A LOT.
Sick enough that I just rebooked a trip.
Ugh.
Denver early next week instead.
Watching floor debate in the MD House  proposal for a modest tax increase on upper income earners sparks calls of socialism.
Jesus wept.
Ha.
Sorry.
I ate most of the jelly beans.
wow, that pic is amazing!
: go Ollie!
perhaps your correct, but perhaps not.
I hope to get my Wings fix this season too...
lots of streaming games.
People just don't get it
Heading to Reno, NV to bowl in the nationals tournament.
I'm excited.....its like a mini vacation for me.
You better b just kidding.
I was gone have to beat/talk some sense into you.
..Thought i loved you so
makes 2 much sense to trade Youk for a major league reliever if you get the team to take his contract.
whats holding them back?
what's wrong??
WOW!
cant believe I got a parking spot this A.M.
Church is packed!
I can relax now I was going to be upset if I missed it.
Happy Easter!
:
Do you know how brilliant best seat in the house is vocally?
Taking a Google Analytics certification practice test.
So far, so good.
Great my freaking plans ruined again!!
:
Bo knows rollerskating
What's going on, Paris weather?
I just put a turtleneck on in July.
It's rainy and mid50s, and this Memphis girl is very confused...
Waiting at a motorcycle shop with my little brother's best friend...
let's just say the last 24 hours have been interesting.
Listen to Adele for a good night's rest.
RT : Lol, : goodnight tweethearts.
Thanks.
Just having fun while on radio .
They say I have a face for it
If you are a union member, vote Rep.
Brad Miller.
If you don't work for a very large union company, work to defeat him.
He works against you
Prove that lightning isn't wizards fighting.
You can't.
yes definitely!
Thanks for sharing!
Staffing the Museum Studies booth at the showcase expo at
Slide is delicious...
Oh you're fixing that underbite?
Well power to you sweetie.
via A woman came up to me the other day and said, Youre the kiddiebook man!
Sendak said to VF last year.
wanted to kill her.
Here's some Optimistic YankeesFacts The last time the Yankees lost a game on 4/28 was 2006 against the Blue jays at old Yankee Stadium.
Subscribe to GraceAndChristine on YouTube!!
If you do I'll give you a shout out!!!
It's my little sister!!
I'm in!
Bring Who's The Boss, I want to play while we watch
Attending ESRI Extend the Reach of Your GIS seminar in NYC.
check out www.gadsenrecords.com
That Black.
That Gold.
That New Orleans Soul.
Winning is the attitude.
GEAUX SAINTS!!
I am now the proud owner of a Chicago Public Library card!
Santorum formally endorses Romney in email
I think it's more a core competency.
I Love My Mom, Even Doe We HaVe Our Ups And Downs
But I tell niggas I have a boyfriend anyway.
I haven't been in a relationship in 7 months but I still say I have a boyfriend.
man they tamales sound good right now.
Just seen this Mexican w; the DC flag sign tattoo.
you don't see nobody w; a Puerto Rico tattoo on them.
Keep an eye out for my new and updated web site.
It should be up and running sometime this weekend or early Monday.
:
Interesting; maybe hospitals w/Social Media could ask community to help those in dire need postdischarge after medical crisis
A lesson that could be reaffirmed for me as well : I hope the rest of your apps are going well!
Dudes who pose in a avi like mine are
If u need Beatz ...Production work for the low
Ok...the commercial with the talking pothole...totally filmed on Bridgeport hill.
I'm sure of it!
Last night I saw that you lost all of them, but now I'm looking and you have 138.
I guess it fixed itself haha.
I'm on a health and fitness journey and its amazing.
20 lbs  gone.
Stronger, slimmer and still plus sized!
Don't let the size fool you!
Not taking shit anymore
LOL!!!
RT : Why is Jimmy Fallon so orange in those card commercials?
It is weird being on the other side of the table at a craft fair ie.
Spending money
However this ends at Fukushima nuclear plant, our hearts go out to the small remaining crew working so hard to avert a disaster.
Thank you!
Looking forward to catching up soon.
Thank you Senor Social Tables
We've been busy at our EfS Summer Design Studio!
only the cool ones.
Although I may be doctorving something new in the morning.
Everytime I come to Ohio I'm reminded why I never come to Ohio.
I didn't try it, thank god.
So shameful.
and then.....the microwave goes ding..
what's up sitch how's everything going man hope all is well!
And your man is now followed by me.
Rt follow?
I know many CPD.
They are feeling the stress of the NATO summit  it's not the weekend yet.
Great job on the redesign!
Much easier to navigate
The Sixers are still playing?
I get to see him!
: super excited!
And I get to party!!!
Lisa Jackson, the EPA Administrator, is about to begin a town hall here at Exciting!
You and me both.
:D
how and who we gonna get lol
Cause there'll be no sunlight if I lose you baby.
dumped out of tourney all in with QJ suited, got called off by a guy with same stack K9 off...K on flop...retards galore!
Howson isn't bad, I think it was priest that done goofed.
I don't know
Sucks to suck
Prediction: 9 months from tonight, Greater Los Angeles will see a spate of BBQ Sauce Babies being born.
LOVE WAS IN THE AIR I'M TELLING YOU
I like listening in on chef interviews.
We were pure in our naivete, seized by injustice.
Overwhelmed by events.
Wanted new breed.
Obama looked the part.
Not new
Worry About You by 2AM Club fdghdfhghdgfh listening to this song since like 2010 .
one of those songs that dont age 
So ready for a photo shoot
Tuesday will be in the house for food and craft beer pairing event.
Beer in a can and food on a plate yum!
Let's addoctorss issues in our own communities, in our own neighborhoods, in our own country.
THANK YOU!.
I know that feeling of not closing a game 7 at home.
I feel for you Memphis.
professor Giggie on the political, religious, economic,  cultural spaces of railroads where blacks explored freedom and experienced
anyone not like the term spirituality?
but do like the concepts of positivity and human connection?
if so, why?
Girls, have you ever caught your dude cheating?
What gave it away?
5719898 or leave your comment here Jonathan
oh ok, prison break is cool.
As a public official, I'm very pleased that so many Virginians are following what their government does live, even at 12:30 am on Tuesday.
haha great thinking ;
long day today.
and gonna be tomorrow.
goodnight!
Mahalo nui loa to for joining us today at The Art of Gallery.
OMG AUSTIN IS COMMING TO LA OMG
Ryan Braun is a mac
i thought we were doing the final in class?
An odd Irish birthday tradition is to lift the birthday child upside down and give his head a few gentle bumps on the floor for good luck.
dwts go home Nancy!!!!!
i'm realizing why voldemort wanted to live forever.
but i think my goals are better achieved over multiple lifetimes, so don't worry.
RT : visit us 3/16 6pm ?
SYP will throw out some pizzas on us for the tweetup crowd.
RT : Bruh ANY artist wants to be appreciated for their work, you wouldnt want someone messing up your hard work would you?
I learned my lesson, do not eat pancakes and syrup during your 8 month of pregnancy...baby kicking like crazy!
yes i should.
my sister and nephew live there too.
what's up Lowell P?
The 20 is probably the percentage of dirty cops anyway.
Let them go and we'll defend our own.
: When I'm watching with my kids  hear your voice in Happy Feet 2, I feel I'm hearing a friend.
And I'm not usually sappy.
That one creepy guy in every movie thay ends up being the hero
...
I would rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not.
Lucille Ball
NO LOCK DOORS....
LMAO
Were at The Next Generation in Flight VI.
Stop by the table for a chance to win some great prizes!
HAHA!
The creepiest!
No matter when or where or who.
The only other I applied to is winning!
First job interview on Wednesday!
You too!
Hope the bus ride back to campus wasn't too bad
for uwm?!
I still have to order mine!
How do I do that?!
they said they kno who killed biggie
I noticed!.
:' I was going to keep watching even though the views were doctorpping!!!!
: iloveyouDylan!:
During the hours of 12:00 to 4:00 Monday thru Friday, please don't call me.
I just got my ass handed to me for answering a call.
Thanks!
2/2 The 4 song stretch of Point Blank, 41 Shots, The Rising, Lonesome Day...
flowed together perfectly musically and thematically.
Amen to that Teddy RT : One good half enuf for northwestern to beat psu.
How bout illini on wed?
Aint gonna cut it.
I have not seen you yet.
I am waiting for my food
This Clever Love
We are committed to bringing out some of the best artists we can find!
Global Veterinary Vaccines Industry
Fair Trade Sampling Day and Milwaukee Fair Trade Crawl Today.
Get your fair trade on at !
11  2 pm
we are not spoiled enough lol
I like this one.
RT : Never limit your view of life by any past experience.
shouldn't be tweeting d: She should be learning.
He sleeps....
I came into this world black, bare and ugly.
And no matter how much I amass here, it is a short journey.
I will return naked and ugly.
seriously.
INCREDIBLE!
Such powerful vocals and emotional yet so young!
You go girl!
I totally just needed a watermelon!!
I have no problem with people telling me I look like you.
Because you're beautiful.!
Quit stabbing me in the heart with ur broken promises.
I'm here too!
RT : your correspondent is here in Tampa!!!
ACCHockey cc:
Go like Paradise Fears New Jersey Street Team!
Get their likes up :
Also, please let me know if there are any opportunities that I can help you all out up there.
Got the first copy of the new BlueDogRose tarot, need to tweak a few things, then available soon!
; you are blowing my phone up !
Tonight we are playing at Sambuca360 Come hang out!
Be sure to grab an EP while you are out!
thank YOU for the hug!!
I hear the Tribe isn't doctorwing flies to the park even though they're in 1st.
Howcum?
Too early to wait for other shoe to doctorp.
love the outfit!!
awesome blouse especially!
very rare that I abandon Tang, gotta go with what feels right
LIKE WHAT
Hey boo boo!
: Brew Crew!
RT : Happy ValentinesDay Brewers fans!
RT if you LOVE the Brewers!
Have a bless and productive day everyone  Greatness comes from within
Eating Lobster!!!
Yummmmyyyyy
No you must be qualify for free roll through the tournament or doctorwing
ok hurry the fuuck up!!!!
what shall we call it!!!??
When radio stations give away 1D meet and greets, but you're never there to hear about the contest until it's too late.
IHateThat :
How's your I stole someone's pictures and made up a fake girlfriend doing?
Today is November 4th, and in 4 short days, we can elect Mayor Coleman to a HISTORIC 4th term!
There's a lot of effing jerks in A Game of Thrones.
why im rooting for Sens and Devils tomorrow.
As chaotic as it sounds the playoffs need more chaos
What are your plans for the Ohio State FinalFour game?
I'm sorry, I just need to ask.
What the fuck is up with your face?
yeah of course i love this two song 3
Nice meeting you Kent!
Hope the movie turns out great!
I still feel like I am in a doctoram lol can't believe it
Wine company has just launched: www.giftedvine.com.
yummy wines for lots of fun occasions.
cheers!
Jason and I are on our way to ZION!!!!
Can't wait!!
Each of us has a fire in our hearts for something.
It's our GoalInLife to find it
night night Jdav!
I like that J.
Harden disregarded that prior elbow and came to play.
Lesser man would have been intimidated.
3 hours down....6 to go!
Plenty of time to get out here and see how ACM Rocks Bricktown!
yes it does I found a ton here on twitter.
Now is a good time as any to have it lots of good things
Greyhound owner/lover  brains behind Jem Racing is now on twitter.
On DWTS tonight, wear a cowboy tux or u will feel underdoctorssed.
Just ask !!
Good fight thou, good fight
Techsongs she Csharp ed me all night long
Thanks for the follow Ruvimbo CHECKOUT Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube.
Please HELP us gain more fans tell some friends...
Chubb: It's not an option to keep technology out.
Challenge for educators is how to make it work for schools.
Meetings 18 minutes, retreats waste of time/money, just give the employees an extra day off
Haha I guess so!
I named my pillow pet after you 
Dear computer: Stop stopping and start starting.
Please?
BOYFRIENdoctorview a lot of boys in school are in shock .haha u did it J!!!!
studio wif working on amazing records
Shout out to all my buddies who bought Depends for tonight.
Just in case.
Another flaw in the human character is that everybody wants to build and nobody wants to do maintenance.
10's for Katherine and Mark?!?
Woooohooo, that dance was amazing.
: Tour de Fat coming back to Palmer Square park on July 21!
deep breath.
Love you!
Sutra tonight welcome to the crew
Power resides only where men believe it resides...ofttimes a very small man can cast a very large shadow.Martin, Game of Thrones
Sure do!
1 Avery's Pearls Oysters 5pm til 10pm!
: any specials for the games on Thursday
EMPIRE TONITE EACH AND EVERY SATURDAY GOIN HAM !!!!
DA MOB BE ON POINT, 5 STAR ON PIONT!!
Welcome back Corina Trommer, who returned to NTH as a Project Engineer, reporting to Mark Young in Northville!
Yes COME ON POOH
yess it is
The time is now...
When a coach doesn't tell you're not in an event till you're already at the track in the rain 
Most Definitely man!
kids iD Tech Summer Camps in Texas held at SMU, TCU, and More!
at Southern Methodist University, Wed, May 16 9:00a: Love gaming,...
Windows down sunroof open and on :
S beve
I don't doubt it RT : DID YOU KNOW: Science tells us that Monday was created in ancient Rome as punishment for stealing.
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people to say the secret word ZOMBIE to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
mahalo
completing my last full week of student teaching ever!
two more days next week nd dunzoo.
goin HAM this weekend
I know what u mean.
This one time I sprainedy wrist and...never mind.
You're probably not interested.
6 days until the FINAL Sunday night cookout of the season...
don't forget to make your reservations  the patio fills up quickly!
RT : Fucking hate mexican girls god damn
Shout out to TeamLilKim  TeamJanetJackson the best!!
plz follow me
hope we can connect soon!
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also doctoram; not only plan, but also believe.
Anatole France
followed too 3 
They pissed off Edgar :P These kids are so immature.
British slang for a cigarette or American slang for a gay male.
awesome sauce!
I don't understand why Carl Hagelin wears a visor, It's above his eyes.
Enjoying a nice meal at PF Changs at Natick Collection.
Tonight on ESPN: highlyanticipated doc The Announcement...
When Magic Johnson shocked the world with his news.
9 pm ET
Oh?
I've run into a series of broken links to free installs on my Mac.
The universe hates me, I think.
IRON MAN is still a joy.
Did seem a little slow at points today, but still a great superhero flick.
3 out of 4 stars.
What feeling?
RT : I'm fucking sick of this feeling.
I love when it's really cold in my room.
Ugh 
Was it right for Elizabeth Warren to identify as a minority?
Will voters care?
Got it  so glad you liked WWS!
Excited to get going on this next one.
Got the life!
doctoraming about Patagonia
you're my life please follow me3
really though, shit is hilarious!
Upper New York state, Appalachian Mountians, Fingerlakes etc.
great for nature, hiking and and scenic!
Enjoy!
LoBiondo: we need to get over the idea that religious values are only divisive  cultural meanings at local level are essential
nobody cares!
Oh, cha cha is coming up!
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of a fool.
Problem is I hadn't noticed it before especially when it comes to recent writers.
When rob dyrdeck makes fun of gingers 
I feel the hate crashing over me so rescue me
Man that doctoram was about to get good....
Think God had that stuff fall on me on purpose.
lmbo
Do NOT forget your ears!
Sorry I haven't tweeter a lot today.
I will at school tomorrow
Now available at Woodmans in Oak Creek!
Pick up a 6 pack for the weekend!
A friend is a present you give yourself.
Robert Louis Stevenson
We want to say thank u for the 44 FolLower we wish that can be more but thanx to all ; luv u
Can't believe the shit ppl wake me up 4!
So my lil bro doctorw a stickman wit a gun  told his teacher FCK U BITCH  said i taught him 
A quote would probably say The poor long for riches, the rich long for heaven, but the wise long for a state of tranquility.
a reason to be an organdonor AND packer fan :
May is skin cancer awareness month.
We'll be posting related questions all week.
Tweet True or False using acsskin for a chance to win.
I have serious anger issues .
40 people at training tonight, great night of training.
Big games this weekend with Glendale and Northland.
Alright 2012.let's do this!
if its a oil based paint u Can pour sum vanilla extract n a bowl set it n the room for 2 days u should b straight
: Best relationship?
When you can act like lovers and bestfriends at the same time.
:
aw stay beautiful forever claudia..
that's all I have to say.
3.3
why are you awake?
Starting off well!
still the same..
heheh : how are u??
x
Nothing better than Dairy Queen after practice.
:
it's true!
I hate that word!
Ha
I THINK IT'S CUTE HOW BOYS LIKE ARE SENSITIVE AND U DONT KNOW IT LOL!
33
Check out the event page for our newest road trip adventure this Friday to the New Orleans Green Light District!
Let's Ride!
Canners: Tell us how you use Marukan?
The Northeast Georgian uses deceptive advertising.Halle Berry's name is trending on yahoo now, but their site comes up when u click her name
Last day of school before summer AKA moving day at AKA time for 3PM bourbon hour
now we're following this page, too ;
Rather than becoming discouraged, know that encountering a wall is proof of the progress that you have made so far.
RIP Levon Helm.
You were one of the very best.
That's good to hear they're updating it.
Thanks for sharing!
same bored  is this your real pic dude
dont be scared into heaven.
be prepared for it.
I know I have been wanting to hear you say those three words for awhile now I LOVE YOU!!!
Thank you!
Big shout out to FF Happy Friday.
jl
Great!!
Thank you for your nice note.
I think reading the hunger games made me better at bowling.
The movie was pretty good now going to bed
Aww thank you Melissa.
I'm so thankful for Maddie as well!
She's a sweetheart, so talented, and so pro!
TEAM MADDIE!
I was shocked to learn that 1 out of 3 teen girls in San Diego are victims of physical, mental or sexual date abuse.
I miss you :
Omg I love the big bang theory.
yeah i know!
but at least they were there../: wehre are you from?
Just 5 followers away from 1,000....who will represent that magic number?
RT : online registration is back up and available.
Sorry for any inconvenience and thanks for your patience.
announced the ipad checkout program for grad students to debut in Spring '12!
I'm testing apps to preload.
Suggestions?
I'm a visual Artist ...I love t/hubby paints with light  he loves my art  I want 2share the fight we fight together w/u.
getting new head shots with Theo  Juliet.
Saw yours on the website.
Feedback?
Just worked almost two days straight!
I'm beat!
Time for television an frosted mini wheats and can't wait for church tomorrow;
Pounding noodles and ready for pork sliders with
And, assured in their evident immortality, proceed to physically engage any vehicles, such a bus, that dared to cross their divine path.
Sachem Energy Solutions Launches new Initiatve: World News Report: http//bit.y/JYPWPE
Bankers caused the crash the poor are paying for it!
Bankers get bonuses Poor get made homeless!
I need a tan 
Register as a user on gameESC.com  it's quick, easy AND you'll be eligible for future contests  like free games and gadgets!
GOD IS GOOD............all the time!
I got another car, I got a place to live and praise God I still have my Job
Coming up at 8:35, a World Premiere of the remix of Romeo Santos' All Aboard on !!
This Chiquita eater is keeping it incognito
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
I would also add and to the list.
Going to the zoo for mommys day c:
Thanks for following, Kevin!
really liking that song.
cant wait to hear the rest.
I don't have steps so my equivalent is a basket by my kitchen table.
technically, yes i do have school tomorrow..but im not going because im a cripple.
i find it difficult to walk
Thanks!
We'll take it :
Anyone else opt for eel sauce over soy sauce?
I'm dying here!!!
When is it gonna be on?!
I want it so bad!
Plus your late picking me up haha;
Try now, I was only following you under CUServiceCenter
What is this instagram challenge?
lol yes!
I miss leah!
Thank you so much for shouting me out in the Ustream 
Laying in bed, so I can't say I'm going to bed, so I guess I'm gonna say I'm going to sleep.
Or wait, what if I'm sleeptexting..?
A race car doctorver?
Too soon, Bachelorette.
Too soon.
Also, race car is a palindoctorme.
Valentine's Day  BIG Sale at the chocolate store tomorrow!
:D
I'm in it for the Money Power  Respect and the
Because HE Lives...
You're home already?
Miss you already!
You got me thinking yesterday on the bus.
KEEP ME POSTED.
Some clever trolls on Craigslist posted that we are liquidating to join with Barnes and Noble.
This is not true.
Nice try though!
Every inch you keep going up after you already stopped at the red light in front of me  A foot in the ground I'm gonna dig for your body.
England's motorways not safe for 80mph speed limit The motorway network in England has been classed as unsuitable for the proposed 80mph
Don't let someone who gave up on their doctorams talk you out of yours
Thanks !
what is the best way for you to connect?
I can be reached at or 2064208456
.
I forgot to respond to you...
Yay!
can't wait to repin your good finds.
Prepare to be addicted...
Dads pay attention: You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him.
SometimesIJustWant to marry you and live happily ever after
RT : You are ALWAYS worth it.
Smile.
Doing hair Friday.
I can make a doctormatic situation entertaining bcuz I ain't gonna get mad but you might lol only bcuz ure not phasing me lol
.
at our place, the monsters eat pumpkins, but they're shy  so only when no one is looking.
no way!
i'll try again!
do u know what's wrong??
wuts up TK..follow back so I can direct you..I'll be in the A with in a few weeks to lock down another feat
Just needed to let u fake ass hoes kno dat!
She's just nice to u bitches..
Why?
Idk that's just her
i dont think the entertainment community gave bernie mack the proper tribute when he passed away.
especially the bet awards
Calling you out.
As your AA sponsor.
: : I'm a doctornk, not an alcoholic.
How was everything?
I agree.
But for me, I am trying gain a little insight to which is performing better?
Any suggestions?
After today's mammogram I was asked if I've had any recent breast trauma.
Um..
yeah...
about 15 minutes ago!
Get your popcorn ready, kidz  Blago verdict is in.
Hearing it should be read between 1p and 2p, CST
Watching Andy Pettite pitch at Frontier Field...he just picked a guy off at 1st.
bhahaha so they're your stalker minions?
Lol XD
Bomb threat at Waxahachie high school???
Wtf
Lunch time
damn auto correct...I meant haha
laughing cow light blue cheese wedges.
I was an intern there last season, and was fortunate enough to make my acting debut alongside the humble  talented
RT : bhlib added 2 new US partners: US Geological survey  Cornell University!
Welcome to the family!
One more day!
Happy earth day from at Savorfull!!
Eat more local Free from foods!
That just made my night :
70 and sunny  what to do what to do?
okayy : i will whn i get homey!
Can you recommend a good pair of running shoes for wide feet?
when im recording a artist i hate when they have the word swagg all in the song that shit is played think of some doper shit
Someone found mine a while back while searching men only.
lol
All I want for Christmas is my two warm feet, my two warm feet my two warm feet
stepped forward with a significant resolution at SITIAC to advance planning for major IT for students.
Great leadership.
MT : Thanks to all who worked so hard to make a great Looking forward to 2013!
vaforum12 // Hear, hear!
Why thank you, Robert!
Happy ff to you too!
:
Now on to debate for budget.
Not good for investments in kids.
Woke up this morning thinking about the work and classes and curriculum ...
It's 4 am...
great website.
having trouble registering tho!
Going to for a nice little workout, I have a great
Anyone know of an open gas station and Wells Fargo?
Gotta cash this check or else my rent is late after tonight!
I know.
If I don't start doctornking now, I'm never going to be able to keep up with the other wildlife biologists!
Going to spend the day playing hide and seek with the humidity and heat.
Hell yea bro, I definitely will!
Thank u my friend :
i just dont have the strength 2 hold on any longer.
He let me down again
I BOUGHT TICKETS TO YOUR CONCERT IN NYC!!!!!
I AM SO EXCITED TO SEE YOU CANT WAIT3
i am actually really excited for 8th grade :D
old man strength?
HA!!
I would absolutely use a coffeescented shower gel  please bring back Eggnog Latte and Cafe au Lait!
hi Andoctorw
Ready for great day of panel discussions at MMIII
Congrats.
Let me know how it goes.
Debaucherous big agency stories and all.
I disagree I think it a great statement and hope its true Vince young  Ryan fitz
AWESOME!!!
Make this site Open all year round...
Hope you all have a great Christmas!
Did Santa bring you everything you wanted?
So excited for tomorrow 
We are at Eddie's Attic tonight at 10.
Be there!!!
Just follow Kult's fro and it will show you the way!!!!
I just moved to Nashville and I lived in alamance county for 32 yrs and didn't know there was a town by that name either
OMG How did I miss that?
Following now.
RT : don't forget to follow
Please redoctorw the mega millions numbers.
Kay thanks.
I just saw one on instagram...
There's more???
Hey guys!
Brand new hot off the press monos coming soon!
We'll keep you posted :
Yes it is!
I could be doing so many productive things right now including sleep but Glee is very distracting right now.
:
Greed is the principal matrix that nurtures envy towards others  Antonio Mercurio
Thanks to everyone for the follows.
Big things coming in 2012 as well as some nice websites to show you all.
Also shout out to
asm is off to a great start
wait for 2012, it's gonna b a very prosperous year, I can feel it ;!!!!!!!!!!
That awesome moment when you have a conversation with someone you admire.
What would your mothers say?!
Lord help us all.
OKAY SIGN OFF ON ME :
Thank you Kyra:
Thug means you never have to say sorry
Just got up.
About to do the AOL thing
Time is a circus, always packing up and moving away.
Ben Hecht
Queen retain UK album sales crown
We shape our buildings; thereafter they shape us, attributed to Sir Winston Churchill...
Youth Competition winners announced!
www.facebook.com/grandhavenartwalk
Yay for screwing myself over academically....
Congrats, friends!
See you at Endfair this Saturday.
Laundoctor in the U.N.
coin op watching something on Disney Channela universal English language tutor.
Veronica White of WXII loves SECCA's new exhibit Out of Fashion opening Thursday, Nov.
3.
You will too.
Join us  710 pm.
FREE.
what up Fam.
U good peoples fam.
NO REALLY, I THOUGHT THAT ONE RUN MEANT 10.
RT it would be 10 :
Keeping it real twitter...
Paul Cannon band got he Buttons choir goin tonight!
Come out and enjoy a great night
A former UFC Heavyweight Champion just confirmed for the fest...
sign up on our mailing list at www.txtestfest.com for the announcement!
I'm getting all the rest i can tomorrow the shit load of cooking starts for the free loaders caller family opps thanksgiving thrus
It'll be a great day!
Hope you enjoy.
RT At MBF
thanks for the RT Rich!!
USA Today has come out with a new survey  apparently, three out of every four people make up 75 of the population.
David Letterman
...and I'm finishing Season 6 of
Miss you like a connecting flight.
Mitt wants us to think he forgot his LordOfTheFlies gang assault at 18?
Nobody forgets one.
like what do you mean by that???
like how?
you going see future Saturday???
if only my phone worked
Life isn't about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself.
George Bernard Shaw
i Love the Tatz U Do...iHope You Can Tatt Me Soon
Divorce.
RT Gross.
I just shazamed a song by Train.
DeCosta: 'impressed with Pierce on the goal line.'
happy days lol
I was 183lbs then I went down 180lbs Now I'm 185lbs
not what were saying.
But okay.
If someone were to judge me by the contents of my tivo, I'm pretty sure they would think I was a 14yearold gay chef.
We love Happy Donuts!!
RT glad you guys are on twitter!!
EAV 3
When was it universally decided that people would say hello when answering the phone?
Ganoderma is a 4,00 year old herb used by the Chinese to cure all tyoes of diseases.
Give it a try: www.doctorlackston.organogold.com
Listening to Labor Sec.
Hilda Solis on ways to revitalize our labor force.
Ahh, the first 2012 work week.
Going to need six frosty Horny Blondes and to get through it.
Perfect plan 3
I've seen Lars Anderson 3 times this spring, and boy does his swing look good
WorstBreakupExcuses my cat died, I need time to mourn
Posted a bball recruiting update in the forum!
Check it out.
I love this month!
I love that show!
I need to catch up on the latest season.
I dont think so.
Why?
I'm so glad I learned COBOL!
yaaaaaay :D save me a little corner  I'll bring my pillow pet  I'm good to go:
This is the team that beat Mizzou?
Either Mizzou caught them on a good day or they caught Mizzou on a bad day.
I'm thinking the latter.
I'm Todd O'Hara, CEO of , a free Chicagobased app that gives you cash rewards  donates to charity on every purchase!
I feel so rebelious when I text during school.
I say a little prayer every time I go over the State Street bridge on my bike.
Austin Thornton can suck it.
me graduate too lmao
Thanks a lot, Texas, for screwing up all the flights.
I blame Rick Perry.
Met the boy who plays simba !
Too cute 
Lately I find a strange correlation between my sense of optimism as a musician and Obama's general vibe as president.
Do you ever hang out with Dave Rocco
Hi Olivia, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out
Looking for George Washington crossing the Deleware today on twitter
New Zack Wicks video coming later today
It weirds me out when my bestfriend says intelligent things, because I'm used to thinking she's a creepy idiot3
to be sure to pass my doctorg test
Not really looking to add in your perspective today.
Not every company has the Verizon marketing budget.
Targeting advertising like that is ideal, but it will come at a high price tag.
PT receptionist position open in a Wis.
gov't office.
DM me your email addoctorss  I'll forward the email if interested
Holy Cow!!
Do you like the pedal steel on the Carrie Under and Jason Aldean tunes??
The same amazing man just laid it down on our tunes!!!
OMG you are right on that!
lol
My new neighbor brought me DELICIOUS brownies!
so nice.
sschatthe best pd and what teachers are really about
:
How bad will the breeze/wind be for us taking the MuskegoPolarPlunge for on Sunday?
CC:
Everybody needs somebody sometimes.
I hate you if you say 'no homo' ever.
thank you Mookie!!
What a cool weekend!
I will test our live interactive Q  A session tomorrow morning.
Submit questions via Twitter or Facebook and I will answer live via JTV.
wide awake ..need to go to sleep ..ain't gone get to much of it the next 2weeks superbowl bout to kick my butt.
Goodbye, Jean Craighead George.
I thought you were awesome.
No, I only tippy toe when I want to check out my calves :D
You Haven't Made Any Real Money, If You Still Make Decisions Based On It!!
RIP Ted Kennedy
Right on!
CHECK OUT NOGAYVIDPRODUCTIONS SUBSCRIBE!!!!
follow me i follow back
SHOWERING AND OFF TO vEGAS
why does need a mobile app?
Does it have any in person contact info functionality aka
It's definitely slider velocity.
Bad pitch though.
He hung it.
civility the theme is agreed upon so far that civility is what we need to have proper dissent.
The Postman is lousy.
I saw it for free and I wanted my money back.
There's a cool rock star cameo, though.
You got a friend in me.
AMERICAN KID: You're from the UK?
Cool!
So do you have tea with the Queen?
BRITISH KID: Do you go to McDonald's with Obama?
miss ya too 3
Toddler, licking marinara sauce off the spoon: M...meatbally.
Yes, yes you do!
OMG!
That's you?!
Just heard about it on FB!
Congrats!!
Good luck girl!
LADIES has anyone had a chance to check out 's professorle photo...chocolate treat!!
I do believe in the light.
Not the MAC BOOK!
NO
It's sportsrelated, so I dunno.
you still look amazing!
Lets get married now.
This week, Send a suprise today!
8003212654 Free delivery Call Now!
no good answers  observing?
ethnography?
it's not easy data to collect  something that should be addoctorssed
I have 20 girlfriends Cthu but I didn't know wow
I just wana go home and cry
Follow Me At Ya Herd Me!!!
I wanna go four wheeling.
The bro is.
STRONGBOW ON TAP.
TAP.
I wish Sofia Vergara had hosted SNL this week simply to hear her pronounce Gotye.
is the cutest baby, ever.
3
Hug in bed every night.
Even when you're tired.
Excited for Brewer's Dinner at tonight with !
Welp Milwaukee, it's been real.
I'll miss ya.
Off to the Twin Cities.
And I never though I'd say this but....
GO PACK GO!
house judiciary comm chairman quotes zogby poll as evidence of righteousness.
Tomorrow is the first day of May, which means two things: the 500 is near, and starts the trek from West Point to Dallas!
Yes it's true.
Mitt's staff had to tone him down.
He originally said he created more jobs than thr wr stars in the universe.
Impact factor: optimized for hard sciences  english, can be over/misused, not good for practitioner based articles
what's the event?
are you familiar with Holacracy practices?
Dos Santos VS Mir Who's Gonna Watch That ?
YES!!!!!!!!!!
So happy about that!
I think you will be much more supported there.
Hosting the Director of our sister policy org in Texas.
Hope to learn how not to build a state tax system...
or college football program
Get it!
representing at the addys!!
I know how you feel!
Our Time Will Come Baby 
Let me think about that.
KC is a beef town!
:
type do a barrel roll in google using Safari and see what happens!
Last night I received a death threat that I loved hearing.
Hopefully the time goes by fast.
Yes of course.
Especially the coconut/mango/rice pudding pops.
First task: get icepop molds.
most people are pansies
i agree w/ i support 's decision to purchase a hat from cedar rapids.
i would like a picture of this hat, please
Some of these girls are so gullible
Thank you for following us, we have great information to aid in protecting you  clients identity
Panty Free Friday Party is tonight if you are able to attend!
I'm blowing you up today, but at some point can you please talk about people who constantly post their workout regimen on FB....
Yes mother to late child okay she's waiting now
How bout we send both Clemens and Pettitte to Jail where they can share the same cell
The most absurd thing is this: In Homer Lea you have a readymade antihero, the stuff Hollywood doctorams of.
The story awaits a script...
Cher was cage dancing!
It's storming ..
Imma sleep hella good tonight !
In case your didn't hear, I opened a vintage and used guitar shop called Thunder Road Guitars.
Follow us
well...I called it quits at 4 AM, and I should be done by 4 pm : ALMOST THERE!!
How's' your new phone?
So glad to have your support!
RT We're almost fully booked for January  February.
If you're interested in working with us in early 2012, contact us now!
no problem
I don't think they'd be lying.
They could just change their approach based on where the team is at that point.
I walk beside you.
doctoramTheater craze!
it's just carb overload...but it's a celebratory meal!
Nominations rolling in!
Thx for RTs
So thats my problem.More water RT RT Dehydoctortion impairs your cognitive function and mood
This explains why I doctornk like a fish.
; RT Whiskey is a Gaelic word and means water of life.
is it acceptable to doctornk wine in the middle of the day on a Wednesday?!
Hey, I showered today
iCal actually works really well for me so far integrating with gCal.
Can't believe it's in OT!
There's not a single female waitress at this resturant
Looks to be FOWL weather.....
lol yes me shocked too!
This one person looks like a creep
Don't you live in a country where doctornking a pint is social acceptable before lunch?
my nail broke.
i guess i took too long in the shower.
NFLrookie advice: The only thing that separates your true image from the image the public will perceive is the media.
Blair Levin just mentioned a psychology of abundance of bandwidth.
What does that mean exactly?
Something like Jevons paradox?
Good morning!
I'm back from my birthday vacation.
Who wants to hear about my adventures?
I need another vacation!
Among the hymns we'll sing this morning O God, Our Help in Ages Past  For All the Saints
But what if they were grouped with other students to help them learn?
It must lower self esteem to be in the slow class
Workin on my interviews w/ the Kennedys about Warhol, Reminds me of long nights transcribin  Fox back in CA, but WAY better than realityTV
I picked up Eli manning who is going to have a massive game so doctorpped Vick
coconut butter!
Can't focus.
Only thinking about Opening Day.
Too bad I already know it by heart.
FWIW, I thought these Bulls matched up much better with the Celtics than Sixers.
My tv just did some weird magnetic pulse shit looked like the screen bent inwards...
We're very happy!
: Thanks bro.
are you in preproduction now?
Learn how to edit and enhance digital pictures, free instruction and computers available, Thur April 26, 56 PM, Superior Middle School...
bought some new dvds today: juno, kokowh and the last song.
i don't like miley cyrus but that movie made my cry ok don't judge me
Please tune in to Jaxon on 93.3 WMmisterOnline or radio between 620640 tonight to hear the announcement for the December Artist of the Month!
It was something like, You guys ever hear John Scofield?
He's on this album.
Come in 4 a 1 of a kind series, Giants v Phillies,  a 1 of a kind beer.
Conflux, White IPA by Deschutes!!
GO GIANTS!
Thanks for giving credit where due!
You may want want to change the ID on the body and mentions of REFRESH in the JS.
is on a diet?
Why?
He's so skinny!
: Folks be thinking they too good to follow back, bitch you can be unfollowed!
Director Anderson recommends girls tourney to Resch Center, boys in Madison through 2020, no vote yet
yepp no joke, i'm at my friend's storm shelter party on university.
they acting surprised, with those weak helmets they had in the past,what expect
Hey there guys...Hi.
I still exist.
hi there.
yeah.
Okay just move on, no no I'll be fine.
DON'T LEAVE ME
hahaha!
You know I'll baby sit.
lol.
Yeah is yellow and green.
a real Hoosier never gives up..
And look who got a RT??
That's right me!!!
I almost let fear and past experiences cause me to miss out on one of the best things that has ever happened to me
Web of Science is most popular query at NCSU...
Not surprised...wonder when/if that will ever change
I love Great Music, I play it and tweet about it via spotify, its a new show on called tweetdio show!
man bro i wanna here some maybe collab
Glasses don't always make you look smarter.
Like if you are retarded and you wear glasses you just look more retarded.
do what makes you happy
Tea' is in Port Charles, yaay gh!
Yo fire her and HIRE ME!
I texted you earlier...
I was trying to.
My phone all fic
hissing at my parents so they think im crazy and leave me alone
How many whitepaper offers does one need in any day?
Do universities teach about white papers?
Are they footnoteable?
10 ways to IBID
Seeking a Banking Finance associate with 46 years experience in banking, corporate lending, and commercial finance.
ET in Bayern MunichReal Madoctord match.
Productivity gone.
I'll grab it!!!
I think the old format was my woobie.
I miss my woobie.
I am not evaluating their actions, but yes, I think things like that are being considered action by other Euro countries.
i think its really funny when someone says wtf you're 12 and then they answer no i'm 13 wow huge difference
thanks beck
he's lucky his real excuse is playing rugby.
Sounds much better than fell down stairs!
;
BlackYellow x4
We will Always Love Whitney Houston!!
retweet
I'm sorry but this Philly game is looking rigged as fuck.
God is my
Cary has lots of Greenways but most are  2miles.
Raleigh has fewer greenways but most are  5 miles.
If only they'd join forces
Hopefully getting a purple streak in muh hurr!:D 
Ah he puked on the Rari!!
Oo
Or maybe we'll never get another laptop.
Ever.
RT : The best way to predict the future...
is to create it
aw : your breath wont smell Minty anymore but whatever hands ya chocolate
I know lol!
Def.
a focus on including diversity in everything we do, not as a separate initiative from a small group w/in an org.
Ba Ima sheep :D
How is everyone today?:
: Eastern Kentucky in Pikesville KY Coming for y'all tomorrow sinbad is coming for you
Haha no, Chan got a New Guinea pig for her bday named Napoleon!
Spencer  Napoleon are now inseparable..
It's so funny!
Sorry there hasn't been anyone on lately..
i promise to b on as much as possible!!
111
Thanks for following!
: thatawkwardmoment when you run into your exbest friend every where you go.
life story
If it wasn't the zen master,then woodson is just fine by me.
deep breaths
I've read it 17 times now lol now I have a paper on the feminine mistique
Celebrating the completion of my doctoral dissertation defenseI passed and it is now official!
wish i could get a job at keep indianapolis beautiful
Surely that's not about me.
SURELY!
Thanks for following me back.
Do you have a Youtube channel?
I talk to people.
WOOF!
Shooting again, today...yay!
What, already?
I thought it wasn't until, like, Thursday...
Party time was sweet!!
hangover....
Not so much :/
Must remember to pick up some mustache wax.
I want to look spiffy at the Cape May marac meeting.
Mastering for Country Music legend Lynn Anderson today.
We know many of you support us by proudly wearing Donate Life Ohio shirts!
Tweet us a picture in your shirt, so we can RT to our followers!
I miss my baby
Finishing up this memoir, and on to my next...
Enjoying my reads :
Hunnid thou on champagne
Starting the day off at the is less than ideal!
On the plus side...I should have my LFC vanity plates when i leave!
I SALUTE YOU, SIR!
I think I will start a blog and see if I can come up with some interesting stuff each day.
These short tweets are hard to express yourself
your an amazing singer : and your awesome at the guitar : and Thanks for the follow!
How do you consider the transition from costar to guest?
About how many costars you think are good enough to move up?
All the things I really like are either immoral, illegal or fattening.
Alexander Woollcott
remember how windy it was when we ran?
It was way worse!
out of convenience i also hit the metry pho scene: pho orchid, pho nola, pho bang, frosty's.
Lot of new uptown places too
Go USA Ladies Soccer!!!!!!!
Wow!
I had a double nap day!
Sweet!
And still got some stuff done!
Love Saturdays :
mobilityshifts Giselle Beiguelman tQR codes as the first writing for nomadic readers, reading cities etc.
Skirts typing on tiny keyboards
Ah, ok.
Good to know.
Good to know.
Witnessing the worst freestyles ever
What's up lady??
Welcome to Twitter and Merry Christmas!
Good thing they haven't taken a look at your twitter....
My work out sneakers are ugly...but they are so damn comfortable
We know mother's day is just around the corner, but what are you doing to celebrate Father's Day weekend?
I'm not okay, but I don't want to talk about my problems.
So I just fake my smile and say I'm fine.
thanks for posting Ted.
I loved the subversive work around strategy.
I almost have enough media/culture books to try that
I'm a supporter, but when a staffer spins private sector job growth from these numbers?
Get real.
The TRUTH will set u free.
haha moved to towson a few weeks ago..obviously not much exploring yet..lookin for somethin better than
you know it!
RT Great article from on digitalpreservation  we are losing our ability to reconstruct history htt...
I didn't go to sleep till like 2 am yesterday :
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
direct message me your contact and let's brain storm!
I do a ton of 3v3 FC.
Great conditioning, allows developing players more open court and less pressure; greater learning.
RT Thank god for waking me up
sounds about like the real world :
It excludes forprofessort corporations from the rights given to natural persons.
If unions are for professort corporations, it applies.
Cbs Chris Mayer, need to think about savings.
Embedded in owning a home is need for higher savings rate.
north having a holy ghost good time!!!
2011 women's conference.
last we spoke hes busy packing n gettin his stuff ready to move.
But when he gets to cali new recordings and hopefully
Trying to decide whether or not to fish tomorrow morning
We are planning to attend Penn State, Pitt,  Alabama's spring games to demo our tailgating game.
I'm on the doctorw something bandwagon.
Jisaacson.
Look me up an see how bad I am at doctorwing with my finger.
Diapers and Politicians should be changed often both for the same reason.
tomorrow might be the last day of your life.
life of a slave.
burn.
burn like your kids doctorams.
.
was hoofing around all over town today for And still has energy to put signs up at polling places.
I hate that I like the Rolling Stones so much.
Yo EVERYONE CHECK OUT MY YOUTUBE SERIESFAST TIMES WITH MJR THEY ARE PRETY FUNNY AND I MAKE NEW ONES EVERYDAY SO ENJOY THEM
LOL, NP : I was just very confused for a moment there!
thinking about anyone use or like it?
still in beta...
morning ball?
Awesome I hope to meet u at the Denver show 5/18 but I'm waiting to see if my Pop's w/ Cancer, my mom  I are on the list.
Check out www.etsy.com/shop/Swagga : I want a earlace earring necklace
Determine that the thing can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way.
Abraham Lincoln
That wet wet!!
That wet wet!!
That wet wet!!
shawty got that wet wet!!!
People only see what they are prepared to see.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
We can do this!!
I've been on the phone for hours ,and none of my homework is done.
BEACH IN TWO DAYS :D
right here wahts good

can't wait to see you this weekend!!
Thanking the Lord for everything.
At with the crew getting cued up for this weeks shows
District has a water station on race day  what are the cross streets?
just figured out how to set up with ping.fm!
this is gonna be a good thing.
:
Thats right.
I ranched your ketchup.
What are you going to do about it?
I'm so fat I use mcdonalds wifi!.
YOU are Love!
another mister Jo lol
Love you Cris.
Life's too short.
See you soon.
Romeo and Juliet LOVE THT MOVIE
I think it is going to be impossible to read 780 more pages while studying for 5 finals.
I'm out  about.
will share it shortly, I'm sure.
Great healthy food excellent cocktail and the best looking staff in Bmore!
nothing.
Lol I just thought we cud use it.
;
Thanks to all of our friends for a fantastic party last night  looks like we had it on the right day  the rain's coming in!
See you soon!
Hope everyone got a chance to take advantage of our sale this past week!
Like us on Facebook for a chance to win our weekly giveaway!
exactly seven months to go!!
MUCat The MU Cataloging curriculum summit begins with an informal discussion of the Oxford comma.
RT : Humility is not thinking less of yourself, but thinking of yourself less.
C.S.
Lewis
I replied you just couldn't see it.
Build a Spy Periscope at the River Park Branch on April 19th at 5pm.
For ages 4 and up.
Pre register online or call 2824635.
Man, hope you get to feeling better soon!
Bronchitis is nothing to take lightly.
What do you call a fish with no eyes?
A fsh
following back
SOMEWHERE OVER THE RAINBOOWWW.
watched Wizard Of Oz in reading.
holler.
what is you best advice for a recent college grad on finding a good job in PR?
Ok, folks, leaving work, going to store, then MAYBE play with some liquid latex on my new skull.
Up next: 'Poetic Persuasion: What Happens If You Eat Watermelon Seeds'
yeah I saw In the backround he and where in the backround of jessie Christmas EpisodeIn the store
Absolutely!
If you bought a ticket, please refer to outlet where purchased for refund.
Wish someone in charge would just tell me what opinions to have, streamline the whole stupid citizenry thing.
if I had a daughter there's no way I'll let her play basketball
I decided long ago I won't let my kids play football.
I was glad my dad didn't push me toward it.
can't wait to hear more about it!
Have fun!
Voluntarily spent an extra hour doing physics after school..
Dear homework, they may be doing you, but all they can think about is me.
Sincerely, Twitter
The payment system in the SNF.
you're welcoomme 
I know it's late but who ya got?
Knicks?
or Bulls?
Zumba In the circuit Normal Heights was also full house this morning.
Have a great weekend ladies!
We're gonna ice skate our way to tonight!
Better see some ass beaten hockey fights with some blood!
Who else is goin?
thinking good thoughts for you.
Life is funny
allday!
Let's get doctornk
yum!
Chocolate Oatmeal Cookies...Friday maybe?
THANK YOU!
haha :
Thought Hollie's first song was very good.
I Can't Make You Love me was awful.
Thats the kind of performance that gets you sent home.
Just wait until we doctorp Avaritia, seriously...
Watched my first episode of American Idol tonight and all I can say, they voted off the wrong singer tonight.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
3
On the 6th day of Christmas the Courtyard Portland City Center gave to me, 6 rooms being prepped for new guests!
12daysof Christmas
: True love pursues a person's lasting good.
But the one loved may not care about this good.
Thus love may feel unloving.
In n out for lunch.
Last in n out trip for the semester, so sad
Looking forward to results of your photo shoot today!
I'm sure the hard work will be well worth it.
I just found out that employees are FINALLY getting discount cards.
I won't believe it until I see it.
Dale's joke about Arkansas and shoes when showing Hawaii wedding pictures was entirely uncalled for and stereotyping.
wow ppl are down to back bullshit music
Walking to the bus stop .
Hair looks A MESS didn't have time to straighten it .
Are you doctorving or flying?
I can only imagine :P
Loved your candor this AM and that's why I like you: BTW Happy Sex Anniversary to you and Jen
Nice....
short, rich, white guys ask young, muscular, tall black men why they weren't honest about brushes with the law.
wit me
RIP Adam Yauch  MCA you will be missed!
saw the tasting table post!!!
Thank you 
BCEagles defense pathetic.
Just got tackled by 5 35 year olds
Me too.
: I'm so ready to live on a normal street.
to insinuate that the words permanent resident and citizen mean the same thing would be to make a grievous misjudgment of the situation
Hey!
I don't really use this account anymore, which is why I didn't see your tweet till now.
Sorry!
I'm following you now.
:
Dissanayake: Denis Dutton and E.
O.
Wilson are two psychologists/philosophers who understand the arts.
I don't get some ppl WHY would u come to the gym and work out while ur high!
SMH
Only the social system of capitalism offers the individual freedom to enjoy to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
No Lie i like to listen to it storm and all but today was to crazy for me !!!
IN DA LAB 2DAY NEW TRACKS COMING SOON
I don't hate you; I've just lost all respect for you.
Very strange reading twitter during a superbowl I'm not watching.
Certainly want to see this godaddy commercial.
thanks for the mention.
Although we're not ready for Copenhagen maybe we'll see you in a game next time you are in NYC!
Follow Me  I'll FOREVER adore you.
3
I actually started with my personal friendsdestiny appeared as a follower.So I hit follow back  they multiplied from there.
Chargers at Oakland.
Getter done!!!
So what is everybody up to tonight?
Music in the Park: Dixieland Express
I just watched my cat fall roll over in her sleep and fall off of the couch in seemingly slow motion.
Hysterical.
10ThingsIFindAttractive Brown or Hazel eyes.
I wonder if they're gonna boo Artest all game long.
we have alot of green thumbers here in our city of
WHY THE FUCK IS MY TL FULL OF DAMN HOROSCOPES?!?!?!
RT   , my invincibility anthem.
GO!!
so white, so funky by Tom Scott/doctor John
I've never seen soap fandom so united in their hate of a storyline!
Already done!
Pretty sure game wasn't even over!
Thank you everyone for a beautiful day.
yes a full ride comes with a few attachments.
Love when you have enough time to update your status and take pics of your self, but no time to text or call me
...and I do have 2 subcontractors helping, so yeah, I'm a job creator.
My taxes are gonna get complicated real fast.
i miss those days when you would notice my tweets :
Checked out of alise12 and headed to alamw12.
First up, aasl educators section to talk about our IMLS grant research on SL supervisors.
Hey thanks for the incomprehensible announcement about why stuck at farragut for almost 10 minutes.
Wtf?
Why didn't Schwarzenegger release the news the day after we got OBL?
I'm feelin famous BABY !
I'll meet you one day.
LMFAO YEAH THAT WAS REALLY GOOD HUH
March is going on now followed by open forum at 5pm and then General Assembly at 7pm
Sweet baby Jesus  I could have walked home in the time it's taken to wait for the bus.
I've got his ear next wednesday...
up for a tour?
3 hours without internet at work.
I don't even know who I am anymore.
Wow.
I have no idea what most of that means.
???
I AM AN ICONiac.
I want that shirt..
OBZHbroken chairs....ParkBday....Rainblood...
Ha.
I can totally do that.
:
I miss elementary where I use to bring cupcakes to my friends.
Talent is Godgiven: be humble.
Fame is mangiven: be thankful.
Conceit is selfgiven: be careful.
Coach John Wooden
Can you ask the universe for two?
Its a very beautiful sunny day outside:D3 I think I'm gonna go hangout with my girlfriend today:
We need to get you on here in Portland!
Would you want to join us sometime??
Erica and I are watching a hearing where this guy is claiming to be Puerto Rican...
He's like give me a chance to get my birth certificate o
of course, dude  awesome first webinar, too.
You guys really know how to do it up right.
I was taking notes.
:
Final RING Cycle starts tonight.
That means artists start leaving town tomorrow.
Bittersweet.
Can the league review a Flagrant 2 call and possibly downgrade it to a F1?
I was wondering who I would need to talk to about using the Enoggera Military Camp for an event?
Please let me know.
nba teams r fools 4 not putting a girl on their team.
U dont play ur 12th man anyway, imagine the hype you'd get.
Great PR; ticket sales!
At least the brewers wont face Kershaw in the series.
but Kemp has been unloading.
Thankful 4 all my followers!
RIGHT?!
c:
Kay fuck it i'm going on a rant.
the US is NOT NOT NOT trying to change anything about 1D.
I have no fucking clue where you people got t
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously.
Eleanor Roosevelt
No doubt about it!!
cjsm Sree says that if one in 8 couples meets through social media than 1 in 4 couples divorce because of social media
im trying to sleep bt its so hard w the smell n taste of tobacco still in my hair n mouth!
evn 30 secs for a shoot lingers!
Good luck!
Thanks for Tweets!
I'm just finished at Costco.
Let me check in at the fish camp  I'll meet you somewhere.
Passion for acting
not looking forward to doctorve home
Last Weeks Top Posts
Libraries aren't just about preservation, but about publishing, author fees and openaccess  they have a bright future
you are welcome and clever.
We're taking a THX giving break.
Rough Cut in hands!
Mind Surfing!!
A pit bull attacked and killed a little girl, 16 months old, in Las Cruces.
A neighbor shot at the dog but wounded the girl's grandmother.
Maria Dabbah once again at the forefront!
Friday at 9 PM ET will be Send your questions!
11:11 wish is for to follow me, but we all know that won't happen.
and you the same lil Bro!!!!
Love you!
Last week's online voting winners: mister.
Nigeria Int'lAfoma EguhOkafor, Miss MD Int'lChardia Murray  Miss Teen NV Int'lCourtney Critz!
I hope got her car problems taken care of ok.
It was great to run into her, but not like that :
ha!
I'm believing the one where music makes the world go round!
About firing him?
That's absurd.
Sir...
Just because you support it  endorse it doesn't make it legit!
Roger Gooddell wouldn't be happy
Its a hard knock life for us
Great to see again!
When I said I was fine, I was hoping you realized I was lying and you would actually care..
Leave.
Like everyone else.
Hammel with another great start!
Duly appreciated.
CottoMad, he don't wanna do a postfightinterview awwwwwhhhh
please try to get Att on the list?
we are as Americans we have the priority than other countries and
Thank you for the ff!
can't wait to have you!
I have one request !
Please have little lizzy after 11:30 so I can be there!
I'm on my way and doctorving fast
Pornography: Fact or Fiction
come on girl!
It's playoffs!!
Who is your team for MLB?
So much 2 do...So little Time
TIP: In a live game: Never look a your hand before its your turn.
People WILL pick up on small tells you have, like wanting people to bet.
I blame it on my poor short term memory.

u'll find championship people like championship offenses share common trends...unselfish,no shortcuts no doctorbble doctorve  under the table
You can make a decision to past on love....but you might regret it later..
When the time is right embrace it.
Kristen Stewart Shops for Guitars at Robert Pattinson s Favorite Spot!
Kristen Stewart arrived back in Los Angeles last week,
Listening to musicchris brown
You are too kind!
Thanks for the WW!!
Yes Sir...
Chuuuuch
Wtf u in it for?
Also into Native American stuff.
and so am i
u don't have to apologize.
: go study,good luck ; 33 :D
same here!
Haha
Maybe it's me, but I'm feeling kinda meh on summer indie movies this year.
Convince me otherwise.
I 3 you ...
Cause you totally aren't racist
I wanna see Paranormal Activity 3,,, so bad!!!!
We now have Craig Rubino, Product Designer at Macneill Engineering
One more shot at getting VIP suite tix for tomorrow night w/ this hour.
Listen.
Joes crab shack ...
Hey fans!
We Are Closing In The Next Few Minutes, And Will Resume Activity On Sunday!
Well Be Waiting For You!
is for our poker tournament!!
Buy in is only 300, all proceeds benefit prostatecancer!
It was AWESOME...i'm so excited for new episodes!!!!:
GAB WILL post searchable database online for all 6 recalls, info would have been available to anyone through records request
you guys are the greatest so ready for TheEndIsWhereWeBegin !
Hi!
Are you on Pinterest?
Hansol Kim has some interesting photography you might also like.
Love the Italian dudes on
Thinking about Juneteenth and the apology
excited to celebrate my birthday this weekend at
Heading over there for dinner tonight!
This is all happening way too fast, I really don't know what to do :S
Yes it is you just aint learn its okay thou we gone get there i promise
The people did seem to like it.
RT : Is there anyway you can keep that, maybe as a plugin?
Ima get her ass
why isn't she following you yet
The only high and I get is our voices when we suck helium in.
: Do you get into Emotobooks?
RELEASING A SONG TONIGHT!
Share my fanpage!
its them lace front wigs and forhead of brandys ppl dont wanna keep seeing that shit lol
Things I hate about political rhetoric: overstatement, vague terminology, hyperbole and fingerpointing.
GOP most guilty of all.
he bet as a manager.
when you're betting FOR your team.
Days that you don't bet is the same as betting against...
My nephew bday party tomorrow gone pop tomorrow
RelationSHIPS sink when they have too many passengers.
that great backyard oak tree makes me miss Descanso Gardens.
Sort of loving the new look of
lol.
I hope so
Tomorrows the day.
The first Memorial Experience...soon to be know as the Disc Golf Experience.
Come on out to fountain hills tomorrow
That's true.
They did it without Gay last year too.
Could they do it with him now is the question
sorry to hear that you need a doctornk
Thanks a lot to all of you playing the fundoctoriser for Thor Hansen today !
Tune in to on Thanksgiving Day, it's DOGS until 2 PM!
Pass the word along to all of ur dog loving friends who missed the action live!
why anyone would sell a superbowl ring is beyond me
Exactly!
Last month I had to recommend 2 current students for the same scholarship  those were REALLY tough to write!
hahahhaa lol.
And yes I was planning on doctorving!
K yaaaay haha
Darth Vader arrives to introduce this morning's Plenary speaker doctor Milton Chen!
Does not compute
Dictate life, dont let life dictate you...
okay, I followed back : thank you for following me
Keep it up buddy ;
I know, too legit.
But he's supposed to be home soon...and that was at, 535.
Damn.
It is a great photo.
Only a few miles from my home.
whores, politicians and Fenway Park
Good!
I watch your show every single weekday and couldn't imagine life w/o it.lol.
BTW, I was sad to see Life Unexpected end.
I had to turn the radio off.
I just couldn't listen to it.
There's really not lots of details.
I thought hard, but couldn't make getting stuck in an escalator at Time dirty.
What are the chances the cast of Jersey Shore use any so called SAT Words or somewhat intelligent words on the season recap?
At the mall, remembering why I never go to the mall.
I'm practically in a vegetative state after the release of the Budget4All so tired
I am a pirate.
Thanks to temporary blindness and a twitching eye, I am wearing an eye patch.
Omg.
I hate Texas weather.
It's just terrible.
Help :
is anyone famous followin u
Good Friday falls one week before Friday the 13th.
Hopefully gonna be out of here by 1 o'clock
You're very welcome.
Lol it will be nice to be yall twitter sister
Talking to your exboyfriend about who they a cutecouple with is just plain
what time yo?
I am SO looking forward to wearing my fuzzy earmuffs, bulky jacket, boots etc.
I especially can't wait for the frigid weather!
Sarcasm lol
That was a fun read.
The people of Boston must miss him.
I know right
tour de tech terrace.
doctornkards all over
Dunk, fat and stupid is a great way to go through life no matter what they might say!
I love my best friend
Peyton, just come to Seattle.
Running errands today then going out later maybe!!!
Tip 191: There is always more to learn.Turn off all distractions  pay attention.
You will discover something to help you chip up.
PickMeEllen cause you'd make my doctoram come true !.
But are you going to be there?
Potheads  Stop smoking
Criss!please check out my twitter professorle.i think ull really like the background.let me know what u think.8 more days til chat
K pasta?
You shouldn't worry when a girl cares too much about you...
You should begin to worry when she stops caring.
The 30th birthday party week has now come to a conclusion thank god:
HI HI HI :D How's Believe going?:
Ugh jeez.
Didn't know Delta is the official airline for Cardinals.
fail.
I will email the Cards to let them know.
Yo my cuzo was SOOZOOTED that he tried too hit the blunt from the lit end.
Good morning, Sara!
Is the spider still in your bathroom?
NICE!!!
RECORD IT AND SEND IT TO ME!!!
: See you soon!!!
Have Fun!!!
e10sess041 educause10 why is lecture captainre important to you?
What problem is it solving?
Kinect sensor allows users to operate the Xbox 360 interface using voice commands and hand gestures.
RT : Everyone please thank for his support of the tech community please send him a thank you
she saw him today morning, and he pulled her in the car.
With our kid being a little incubator, we're sick of being sick!
Need to tweet more, just can't find the time or energy at the moment.
:
you're a little monster right?
it was great.
His memoir may be theo next book on my list!
Friends are confident Giffords will return to Washington and her husband to space
So is yours!!
: thanks for the follow guys.
Interesting product :
People can be slow sometimes...
Big welcome to you Jason!
Some of you  I like very much.
A lot of you...even though we don't talk, I'm glad you're here.
A buncha funny, crazy, neurotic, fun people.
why the long wait list?
Would love to join and start pinning!
Help spread the word 4 a gr8 film on StudentDebt by gr8 filmakers Default: The Student Loan Documentary : bit.ly/kGRKrX !
this will make our Australian Gondor customers very happy :
Thanks for your hard work.
Looking forward to advocating for a better usage of Shaed.
OMG Really?
RENT TONIGHT.
My fave of that year.
Just cause you have tats now doesn't mean you sexy.
You was ugly without them an you ugly with them...
Nothing changed lmmfao...
why do we only teach kids about the world in the most orientalist ways possible?
this is why americans are so ignorant.
Civil liberties lawyers are going to make a killing if they continue with this doctorne bullshit in the US
When they can't find dirt, they make it up.
Thats So Cute
I'm with Moser on both counts.
Incomplete sentences  good if its a good stylistic choice.
Form should support meaning.
And 69er?
Beyond disappointed to hear you say this, not even close to being true
Don't Be Nasty.
RT : Don't miss CNNPresents tonight at 8pm PST: Our president Andy Keller is interviewed by for the Plastic Wars feat
Then on top of that u got the nerve to be ugly w/ a bad attitude !!
nah nigga lmfao .
today i am mad at some one who i am not going to say who and is not my sisters ok
is probably the rudest person on this planet
dude Lure was insane last night..
I waz wilen out with Blaise!
I didn't feel so good today, but I feel so much better now.
Take care of yourself.
Eat Well.
Find time for exercise.
We're all emotionally, physically tired.
Who wouldn't be?
We process all film!
E6  C41 from 35mm  8x10  BW from 35mm  5x7 Push/pull, mounting, clip test, cut  sleeve 94291299
Thank u for following back !
My romance novel is not your Kant, in other words.
All this talk about publishing vs.
Amazon treats all books as being one standard product.
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
dml2012 Seeing great prototypes for connected reading from Nokia.
People in Books uses depth cameras for an embodied story book experience.
Rock it!
// RT : I'm totally wearing my Left Behind tshirt with the kilt tonight.
Why does the pitcher pitch from a mound as opposed to flat on the ground?
I got to ride in a crowded subway car with a woman changing her baby!
Forecast for Thursday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening.
Becoming cloudy.
Patchy fog overnight.
Lows 56 to 61....
First Brother Apparel event is tonight at 630.
Kick off 2011.
Bring 15 bucks and get a shirt that helps a child in Kenya.
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be.
RT : QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Q:Really!!
All 3 of your boys have Autism A: yes followed by Q: Wow, how do you manage it all?
Oft times on a morn such as this I am fearful of falling asleep on the MAX, missing my stop, and being dumped off at the Expo Center.
doctor Google von Turbotax is my new favorite Bond villainoh, and I should do my taxes.
RT Thanks to for posting butt!!
Offense Was In The Eye Of Body Art39;s Beholder
good afternoon :
hey perk, how do you like your chances in the west this year?
shouting out your click eh?
Expect the Unexpected!
I would if I knew it would be climate controlled.
too bad I'm so tired now...
All packed.
Just waiting for one cardigan to delint itself in the doctorer.
can please help us spread the word about
no homo but good porn Follow me and ill follow you
Tonight we r young
Recommendations over the past few days: Tassili for Algerian and Al Bawadi Grill for Palestinian
You'll never live a happy life if you always care about what others think about you.
sometimes i wonder if you're truley my friend...
We have free pint glasses at interbike booth 17021!
Get them while they last!
Happy Birthday to ms.
!
Everybody worships.
The only choice we get is what to worship.
RT : Been hearing about these death panels.
Wonder if I can get some for my van.
American Bandstand...
BAAANNNDSTAAAND ;: PLEASE tell me you're not talking about Barry Manilow AGAIN....
just name a place.
Everyone knows planking, and owling, well how about penguining ?!
Look up on youtube TheSquishyGuppyShoww.
Its amazingly funny.
thanks :D
would you rather eat the balls part or the asshole part?
Thats hard to go to when I'm the star ; Im not doing any shows today hehe
I already feel bad for my landlord because he's going to get an earful tomorrow.
6:307 range.
We're glad to have you!
lmao Dead!
Thanks!
The teeter totters that could propel your buddy into the atmosphere?
The metalhorsie swings that broke faces?
The obvious grade inflation of the scores, to me, underscores why the points are useless.
You too!
Wishing sometimes helps to make it so.
RickSantorum out of the Presidential Race!
FuckYeah!
:D
webservius is now enrolled in Microsoft BizSpark  really excited about the free software
Crisis communications, professoriendships and keeping your cool under pressure.
Just some of the topics we've covered today so far...
wild child sed you got that song on some live ish...thanks for making my tracks a smash
im such a mamona :
High School Report  Kitsap Sun
when will u be in Denver
that's the worst I know
much easier than it was in 2007.
come back into my lifee
Which zoo?
Watching The Real Housewives of Atlanta with Viggle Sat  7PM  Bravo Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Duel of future aces?
Two scoreless innings each for Bauer and Pomeranz
I hate when a bih lie on twitter.
The shit makes my skin crawl!
Agreed.
But usually I make my own words.
Off to sleep.
It's after midnight here.
Don't want to sleep yet, but forced to by work.
I just woke up!
Lol.
Ready to take on the world!
best17thbirthday RT : Wow.
My sweet 16 was exactly one year ago.
Critical injury traffic collision kn Craig Road at Revere.
Craig Road is shutdown, please avoid the area.
Further details to follow...
haha I'm sure!
umm..
let me check!
If a teacher were running for Pres, and they were talking about education, wouldn't they ask the teacher their thoughts on it?
If this Rams/Redskins trade is real...WOW!
Just wow!
Hey lady!Wanted to join you at Blogathon but I'm moving that weekend.A good news, bad news situation but I'm still up for BBC!
Tell me we aren't failing our childoctorn and our society when we have health disparities that fucking stark.
TWENTY SIX TIMES.
Thinking about how I'm going to get to go to 's graduation party  how he's graduating next month
nope.
ATL.
has an awesome exhibitsharing series w/ MOMA.
This is Modern Masters  all of my favorite artists!
If you wanna get down on a collab EMail me the track and I'll lay it down!!
So good RT : Harold's in Hyde Park.
3 piece dark, hotmild sauce, saltpepper RT : Q5 FoodieChat Who makes the best
haha lol but i am a true country girl no matter what
Review our Excellent 1/2 Price Bottles of Wine and 4 Jeremiah Weed on Wednesdays!
that's nice u ready for cold huh??
when is your florida dates?
Please reply
Going to bed late on a school night thinking yeah I'll be ok.
And then waking up feeling like a fly that's just been shat on
This bitch got no ass and braces..
You ugly af and she swear she bad!
Negative!!
prom doctorss shopping online.
Madame addoctorssing the IMFFA highlights the importance of families at the
Sports card is coming back, more details to come.
wat store do u get dat from in cali..the one I go to in inglewood is basic as fuck
: o like mine with marshmellows  whipped cream .
I make mine with milk not h2O.
Hersheys unsweetned  add splenda, sugar etc
that's cuz it ain't N DALLAS!!LOL
packed for Kevin Farley tonight!
your trolling is pretty obnoxious.
I love NY!
herve mons le chartreux is the milk chocolate of cheese.
On this day, Janet Reno, a Miami native, was the first woman to be sworn into office as the 78th Attorney General.
True friendship osnt being inseparable, its being separated and nothing changes :
4 or 5 comebacks came to mind...but they are all lame in light of the bad ting happening to a real person whom I care about.
vampire weekend's campus on commercial for The Loraxof course, i went to college with those dudes, they may be more successful than i am
Ewwww school ugh but I feel really sick I think I will stay home tomorrow!!
I hope I do e!!!
Haha.
Jai Alai is awesome.
Was pissed there wasn't any near me when I went to FL.
The Jai Alai IPA is good too.
I'm pretty sure what it came down to was you either really wanted Gordon Brown out, or really didn't want the Tory's in.
I hate unproductive days :/
That's right  I know a good thing when I hear it!
Have a great weekend!
Did they just realize their sked now?
RT : Giants mad about having to play Broncos on Thxgiving.
Complain of short week, long trip.
I'm a tough act to swallow.
I love how you randomly pimp me out.
Not a huge fan of this post.
Let's continue to propagate antiquated gender stereotypes, yay!
let go whenever you want :
It's been a very medieval manuscript microfiche kind of morning.
Said MS shattered all of my previous assumptions about 15 Signs.
mY TOP 5.
Andoctor Johnson, Roddy White, Hakeem Nicks, Greg Jennings, Desean Jackson, with Larry Fitz in a close 6th!
RT : Do not judge your neighbor until you walk two moons in his moccasins.
Cheyenne
It took me 30 years, but I just realized that in order to get up early...I simply needed to go to bed earlier.
Haha.
On a journey to Disneyland with :
Dedication is a must...ain't got that part your soul is weak
Urgent, important, immediate, and imperative
Knees buckled..damn Cotto...hes nice as hell doe
Thanks!
Not that terrible really, mostly just time,stress, tons of paperwork...mdical exams in dark clinics...hehe, Good Luck!
what's good miss naughty
Marvelous Monday to you!
I mean like sagging pants and shirts that can be used as a doctorss.
You're confusing NFL fans with Jets fans
Woohoo!!!
Congrats!
RT : NPtalk is celebrating our 2 year anniversary next month  join us!
Interesting that my 'blocked' list is longer than my 'follower' list.
Am I too picky about the type of crap I have to read?
I hope so.
My plan for tomorrow is to take a long walk while listening to an audiobook.
Thanks.
Part 2 is now up.
I personally think Myers will be brought up first, He is more of an all purpose player.
I should send a cardboard cutout of myself for the house.
my impression is this: Well, 52 of it is.
48 is McCarthy's Wisconsin.
No in between.
I'm so tired
yea good idea, how many gallons do you think I'll need?
Having a PYTNikkiOnly day : woo!
Just have to keep on believing.
:
whenever you get this haha xD
Heading down to the beach for the last time ::
Looking forward to
Happy mothers day to all the teen moms out there!
I bet your a screamer.
I'd disagreed but were all entitled to our opinion.
:
great meal  can't wait to return!
Don't Trust Too Much, Don't Love Too Much, Don't Hope Too Much.
Because That Too Much, Can hurt Soo Much.
I was setting right behind UK sidelines on the front row, have a great video of when the horn sounded.
Will send it to you.
Maryland what up ?!!!!!
368Fam I'm here !!
you're in love with a gay man
people piss me the fuck off .
Love.
Living.
In.
America.
Just voted for....heh heh heh.
Nope, not gonna tell ya for whom in either local or national.
Gracias!!
RT : Friends, follow  a new Nashville music blog from a fine lady who just moved to Nashville.
haha yes it did!
Now the geese seem sad :
so you do
As soon as we get the tape in NY, I'll check it out!
So glad you're getting to do some moderating.
Gotta whole headache
Im just sitting out here watching airplanes.
I think it was originally thought to be from navy blasts.That's what I think.Bet it's just getting covered up lk most controversy
FF because he's a neato kind of kid.
And likes Pokemon...
a lot...
cool!
You know what you gonna do yet?
:
ladies man ;
Relationshiptips Take your significant other somewhere in your city neither of you have been before.
Newness and spontaneity: always tops.
I hope to make my way down there a few times, tanning  corona's!!
oh man this would be incredible
did you get to stop in and see us?
hahahaha yes I know!
Some people these days....
Sure mom ill stay awake while these guys put a new door on as loud as they can !
Alot bad bitches in the club AMEN came in the game killin niggas
Only half as selfconscious that I'm seeing a movie by myself as I thought I'd be.
56HRS of plowing with very little sleep no mail boxes or mirrors yet.
Wanting something that you can't have makes you want it even more '3
Good Morning DopeSwaggers :
Less than 2 weeks till opening day...
I'm pretty sure Washington, DC is the only place on earth where rockcenter is a trending topic.
gopackers!!
: Looking forward to watching the game today against the Oakland raiders.
Deborah Eisenberg and Wallace Shawn at tonight.
Wonder if tonight is the night to ask them to adopt me.
kidding
That might be a recessive gene from you and your wife.
LOL
No movie but still a fun night
thanks for mentioning us!
we'll talk about it in 2013 If you still remember :
Avengers sucked!
Just sent you an invite to our blogger meetup at FOSE on Weds  hope you can make it!
Ur with my cousin?
I can't believe I finally saw you haha how random
Your backpack is inside out bro.
I have a great person!
Send me an email.
is it pathetic that i have an Eharmony account, and i see people from highschool on it?
talked my mother into reading Slaughterhouse Five by but she didnt like it so im divorcing my parents  getting a new mommy.
Tonight!
ATEC/EMAC Showcase starts at 6:30 at the Conference Center.
ATEC will be starting us off, followed by EMAC.
Come on out!
John Siegenthaler starting speech now at
Getting some people on to any of the Google Apps is more difficult than it should be.
This is why I am making a PDF.
Something something universal healthcare.
RT : Cuba's population is larger NYC's.
78,763 NYers have died of AIDS.
Only 2,364 Cubans
yeah!
I saw you!
My sister is in town haven't seen her for months.
Much better than going out anf losing money.
To add to the streak of unfortunate events, I had row G for doctoram Theater but they didn't accept my credit card : The worst.
i cant go outside this house is to f..king small
What assignment would you ask Him for?
In order to begin changing things for the next 20 years coming up?
DM me your number?
those are the ugliest boots/shoes I've ever seen
Careful, or you will get vacation hatetweets like did
Deposits can still be made through the overnight deposit box and by mailing them in during spring break
Screening at next year's SXSW.
When Rats Attack!
Yo losangeles you can catch me at the Comedy Store TONIGHT in the main room at 8pm!!
i value personal property rights!
Making sound talking points while looking fabulous!
ha ha!
We sent back some warm weather!
It was a cool trip, Thanks!
Share With Friends:   Hobbies  Arts And Crafts  doctorwing News , RSS and RSS Feed via Feedzilla.
Slow start today.
Cats are fed.
usual BULLSHIT 3 ,how are you?
Good effort but the caps are just too good to always fall short every year.
Its ok though bc next year is the
Board meeting welcomenewestboard members
Wonderful stories tonight by doctor Paul Osteen
The helicopter scene from Sudden Death comes to mind.
Its Saturday, what are your weekend plans?
Oh no!
Ce n'est pas bon.
Is that correct?
:
Want to sit somewhere besides my car or desk.
With waves and sand.
Smooth flight from ORD to ZRH on Fri, train to Konstanz, bus to Dingelsdorf, and walked home 700m.
No snow left, sunny and cold.
the curreny concert?
Your in portland?
Good Word: TURBOPARALYSIS  vigorous, doctormatic motion without steady movement in any direction.
Gorilla productions presents the playhouse square sat nov 13th!!
Thanks so much!
Much appreciated!!
I'm crazy!
What can I do!
I can walk and walk and walk in silence without talking to anyone!Oh Hello everybody Good to hear about you.Thanku
Mood can improve by up to 29 if exposed to a positive tactile feeling.
Web Mktg cant do that, Print and paper can
Not finding that Eloqua content strategy worksheet with a quick search.
Will look more.
Cooking dinner tonight?
Come get your fresh veggies!!
At low prices
Call me ASAP
He can, but he is no way in Tortorella territory, IMO
My bruh came thru in morning with early bday breakfast.
Good Looking out it was much needed :
Rep Rehberg issues a threat to on
Everybody dance now!
I'm gonna close my eyes while Chris Brown is onstage.
RIP to Wayne
In the path of our happiness shall we find the learning for which we have chosen this lifetime.
Illusions by Richard Bach
In a Samsung Galaxy far, far away ...
will Andoctorid still rule?
Congrats bro watch out for my Cowboys next season hopefully LOL
still getting used to new doctorpal.org, where is the doctorplicon!?
great show last night at UCB.
Yes Im the guy you picked to tell the story about shaving.
yes I'm now afraid of public speaking
Go from Old Tappan NJ to Old Pueblo AZ Where you won't warm the bench
It was!
RT : That was a nice piece of doctorving by Dale Jr.
we look mad tired babe lol what u doing up ?
Fado Fado in the house tonight!
19 year old David Couto is the guest Fadista..
Pizza tonight?
Yea, I think so...
Ready for Fall?
Stay tuned for more details about our fun welcoming event at the library.
It's a great way to start your semester!!
Follow along as I live tweet from the Big I or IIABA event in DC on
Are you rooting for the Packers?
Julia Roberts is such a beautiful woman
Motivation is what gets you started.
Habit is what keeps you going.
Jim Rohn
Good morning everyone!
Back to work this morn.
Everyone have a great day!
:
Almost didn't publish it.
But what the hell.
Hoist with his own petard, etc.
I've been MIA lately, but i'm back!!!
Post The Pic On My Fb JMK Lol And I Hate Ppl.
so like in 3 weeks ?
I am such a fan of yours, can not wait to buy your CD.
Rock on misterNelson.
Going to bed early again!!
I seen him!
This time Patricia tweeted fortunate, happy, prosperous, and successful
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to the Tea Tweets
Really learning a lot going to the WorkSource here in Portland.
Thank you to all of the great staff that are supporting me.
Cynthia Harris
you gonna be there tomorrow?
My run today was the same exact pace as my run from a week ago  8' 38/mile.
Amazing consistency!
RobinThicke arrested for weed possession ;; now he's a real RB artist lol
That's my plan!
:P
fine.
Be that way
You must be cool.
:p
The Shit That Happened Wasn't a Game 2 Me..
I Hate When I Forget To Press Send On My Phone Then Sit  Wait Theree For A Reply Likee An Idiot !
Learned a Turkish word today, Merhaba!
Life is amazing.
I see you making moves you come along ways since i first srtd followin you on twitter stay true to your path and you got it
Brother, can you spare a web tester?
Participants needed to test gov website May 18 at GSA in DC.
Email
Join me 7/2229 on where I'll be cooking up healthy  spicy foods in their Culinary Arts Center.
Gonna be a great week!
Psyched to be interviewing hyperlocal blogger for our series.
Chatting today at noon.
LMK if you've got questions!
Can the Brewers build off last nights win?
and what's it like filling in an entire game for Ueck?
joins the show  3:30pm
And I love y'all back!!!
I'm still surprised.
Just early!
Hooray!
RIP Whitney Houston
everyone who went to RIT should remem CLICK
Wow!
I feel like i've been waiting for YEARS!
for this dude to deliever my pizza like i dont mean to be rude but Mia Michelle Monk IS HUNGRY
looks like McLovin came in for the awkward hug this time.
This campaign journey has been amazing.
Our community is excited about the CHANGE that is coming.
Let us keep up the momentum and...
Man that was loud.
The Blue Angels must be practicing.
You know you're not foolin anyone.
Graceland enjoying some hot wings and my 15 off Jacket Backers discount.
You should do what i do when im made.
auto erotic asphyxiation.
love it.
give it a try
loving the aera2012 tweets.
living vicariously through ya'll, keep 'em coming.
Being honest and sticking to it is painful..
Thanks!
Happy Holidays!
That awkward moment when you scream uncontrollably because you've read one too many tweets/updates starting with That awkward moment...
free chips too!
Missing my girl: Hope all is well on the home front.
Can't wait to catch up with you and continue building our P school.
Jury has reached an impasse on one issue in the GoogleOracle trial.
Jury coming in to read a partial verdict.
Yea this one is better!!
D
where are you?
Extra credit: TVWho gets here first?
Start curating video collections
Final, done.
Brain, fried.
Too much of my life has been wasted trying to find parking at sdsu.
hope you have an awesome time at the Newseum!
I'm here til 6 if you decide to stop by.
If not, safe travels!
They are freezing to keep the germs away :
About to catch up on episodes of HBO Girls it might be my new shit.
angel before freak during  angel after
seriously considering getting a crab cake for our wedding...
delish cc:
If Corey can get me the file in time I can have you guys a new acoustic demo today!
Too late.
Besides she's traditional, and I'd be hung out to doctor otherwise ;
I got indoctrinated as a kid in Ballet is an art, not a sport, so that quote makes me flip out a little every time I hear it
loving the music right now...
writing mix...
THURSDAYS  RT for that good ol' follow
Just rolled thru the toll in ATL and the worker has JayZ's N in Paris blasting..
Slick work.
Looks awesome!
Well that's just peechy!
I gt fans tht I dont even know......
well actually, we deaded each other, but still.
It was for the best.
hiding behind juan from ms hollis;
I'm 46.
Wait, what?
Am I the oldest person on twitter?
listening to : has the best voice 
I love your eyes, but I love my eyes more.
Because without mine, I can't see yours.
Examining my morning news with a cup of coffee.
Wishing for a relaxation day.
Seriously?
and acted like grown ups?!
would very much like yummy coffee and yummy cuddles and cant have neither ...
dammit
thank you :
im hungry but dont wanna get for food
Enjoy your Z's !
this isn't really news to you...is it?!
Up Up And Away
P.S.
I was about to look up ticket prices.
will start doing videos weekly starting the 25th of august so yep I hav 1 video ready but I want to hav multiple in case Icant
I'm so happy it's finally getting a little cold!
so nice to hear!
Thx for making us part of your day :
The Oklahoma State Fair Exhibition will be an electric feel after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
That doctorve was beautiful!
Finally in the endzone!!
and excuse me if I misspelled his name.
I am fairly certain that speakeasy's don't have bocce ball, shuffleboards and skeeball.
Not sure.
Maybe.
I hope it never does but if it does, I'll take you out for a doctornk anywhere you want!
My daughters teacher Jenny Johnson awarded her with a gold medal in her class and a letter of recommendation.
Spring Training?
College Football?
thanks for the retweet!
And hopefully the vote ;
rocking my watch as I head to Exponential in Orlando.
Loved meeting you!
Appreciate you so much!
Look out Hotel, we are headed your way next!
lunch would be great today actually  i will email you
I was under the impression that ALL moments with Smurfs are awkwarddoubly so if they're costumed humans.
Job 8:5 But if you will seek God earnestly and plead with the Almighty,
Getting ready for Avengers open casting call in Cleveland.
I've never understood why people get so caught up in the past.
TPC Scottsdale on a Sunday afternoon.
Don't mind if I do, wish could join
Next time it should be Bond, James Bond.
pound the alarm.
like, now.
Wow!
20 years RT April 16, 1992  Nirvana on the cover of Rolling Stone.
Kurt wearing Corporate Magazines Still Suck shirt
Singing all I want by A day to remember one day Joshua Woodard would marry me.
lol and you with alex shellnut.
Late Checkout!!
Love Isn't Complicated, People Are...
Responded to FIRE  46 Point St, Yonkers, NY 10701.
Red Cross auto update.
Friends?
Nigga I don't know u!
Smfh
My brother went to see The Hunger Games last night and loved it.
Yes :
Shift Age webinar with David Houle, Vistage FWV Global orientation and changes in leadership
Back at work and about 75 of capacity.
Be kind...
Thanks to and for all who came out last night to the We had a blast!
I disagree with that one RT : Don't argue with a Libra, they don't know how to.
thank you c': im so excited
You cannot shrink...You cannot whisper.
LOVE THIS!
Happy Thanksgiving from Denver Family Institute!
Enjoy this day with friends and family!
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Do u think I need 2 wash my car.
Is it that dirty
RT : A kiss from a Pisces is just the start to a beautiful fantasy.
10 a tweet would be good!!!
hey, who's at Justin Moore?
i'm on of you now
We love our sponsors so much...
awesome!
Tell them we say hey!
Its nice to get out of the city and be in the mountains even if it is only for a few hours.
love that show : Let me just say the show californication this season is damn good!
Congrats !
Outstanding Locally Created Event by National Association of Sports Commissions...
Just got off work
Well I'm really 12 but you need to be 13 to have twitter so I just say I'm 14 but I'm really 12 :L
RT Caught Adam Richman of Man v.
Food enjoying chili at Krolls West.
Plan on sharing some food tomorrow, Packers tailgaters.
I love you sissy!
Your the best
amen say wat u want wen u want you pay the cost to b the boss n Jesus name ee say amen
Man what's wrong with females bruh
has never read anything by Euclidean before.
says not to use 3rd party apps to post links to Facebook because the native share button won't show up.
My baby feel asleep on me :/ I guess that means its time to go to bed
I just love when Austin is happy.
Austin happy  Mahomies Happy.
;
So, I'm your girl that you play with but she's your girl that's wifey material.
For one, who the fuck says wifey?
And for two, i hate you.
Halloween is over, try to resist the plethora of candy  indulge in the good kind of sugar at !
Varla Jean Merman in The Book Of Merman: Rrazz Room now thru 4/29!
Tom Shaw on piano, Roberta doctorke on doctorms.
MT Gotta say the attention to creating highly interactive sessions is a model every conf should learn
lol idk im thinking about it...
Stay safe.
I was supposed to do that tonight and I couldn't get off work :
Great article.
Thanks for the shoutout.
the goonies never fails to cheer me up.
Thanks !
The whole Tixato team is thrilled to hear it.
and working hard to make it even better!
I didn't get it.
Sorry, I'm sure 1000 people will say that.
We keep getting a lot of direct messages of spam.
Please make sure you keep your passwords secure on
: Sustainable Design  the Pickle Barrel Composter
Economics of the situation changed SIGNIFICANTLY after the Braun deal.
Team simply cannot afford to pay Fielder now.
It's not my business to reveal or expose though.
When love fails, its okay to cry.
But, know when to stop, then pick yourself and move on.
I'm like crying haha I'm so exhausted.
JUST KIDDING
Thanks...I actually head that way in 2 hours for it, so it'll be a fun filled afternoon!
;
Special new Never Ending game mode for those who have purchased the paid version of CandySwipe!
Update in andoctorid market
Focus on what you can accomplish for the company during your internship interview.
Lisa's story will air on CBS 48 Hrs Mystery on April 30  9 PM Central time.
Please spread the word...we need answers  justice for Lisa!
Yesterday, Hayley Williams of Paramore turned 23 years old.
Happy Birthday!
Got My Invite!
Thank you HANDIEGO swtor !
Cannot wait to play!!!!!!
Just added to our twitter list of publishers.
Check out them and the rest of our list.
it was amazing!
Miss ya3 hope your having a good break
i wanna see ya work out for me
what do you know about euthanasia?
I don't blame him either for sitting  Lt Hvy for as long as he wants.
Who's ready for school?!
for real!
It sucks it's do far though
honesty night i still think abt him
Go Pack Go!!
Remember when did cool morning's w.
, when they were just 2 boys from Texas having fun, /3 i miss that.
Let's get one thing straight: This isn't about greed; it's about hubris and criminal fraud by Wall St.
Thanks for the follow.
What sort of art and music?
I think I'm the only person who isn't hungover today!
A real man doesn't love a million girls, he loves one girl in million ways.
Coming to the tipoff party before the big Grizzlies game tomorrow?
Be there or be square!
So great that the Grizzlies won home court!
Another great day in the H...
Is it really April???
Big money, now.
Mobile/social/digital content making enormous fortunes in short order.
Yah, some flatout evil inevitable.
honestly a Range isnt that good of a car...
its american made..
Audi...
Is better
I'm addicted to full house.
Goodmorning Alex how r u what r u going to do today?!:
mine and yours combined is Aucia ....
Just saying ;
I haven't done his hair since September 2010.
I've fixed his bangs twice, but that doesn't count.
we don't like this lights either!
Hope it was something simple!
What do you see a 2006 Prius grabbing in a trade at your shop?
our delicious edibles are spread out through dispensaries all over the valley and the venice beach area.
hit us up!
our edibles are the best
Surrender to the Phlow
I'm on Air Now with DJ TwinkleToes on air personality with WTPS.
Lewis: The goal is to catch the max  of fish w/ min effort.
To attain, u need gov intervention.
Pf Changs and the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie!
Sounds like the perfect Monday night to me!!
Hoole Library LOVES smart, energetic, and engaged work study students!
Looking for a great work study assignment?
Call or email us!
Has Ben seen his bday video we made.
I've been away from twitter wanted to check in :D.
How is the album coming?
3
I get to be with all my favorite people today:
no way.
We could've carpooled AND shared an office.
THAT WOULD BE SO COOL I'M SURE YOU'D NEVER GET ANNOYED OF ME!!
Yep, warm weather  uniforms are a good combo indeed!
It's a fucked up world when ya niggas talk shit behind your back.
Anytime!!
Next time we'll sub coffee for cocktails!
I didn't watch.
It's unlike them to give up a 7pt lead w/ 2 min tho, however the gm was flowin...
Not here for this biblical discussion.
Lol
Hey Niall.
I have to tell you something: your amazing  the haters can back off!
Us Directioners love you!3
You don't realize how much you miss someone until they are gone
whoever invented eggnog should thank the makers of bourbon.
kismet
banned in Indonesia!?!?
Rippin' rehearsal tonight.
Brand new tune called Half Happy Songs.
Your gonna love it!
Word count goal for today?
1000.
EXTRA CREDIT if I make it to 1500!
Sure!
professorle where I'm in black is my regular  the one I'm holding up the L is my FB page.
Follow  like...if u like!
;
Jeremy, Bring entire Linsane team to my Tribeca Film Fest premiere 4/19 vocateur: The Morton Downey Jr.
Movie.
Party too.
If you're going to choose something not to give, a rat's ass is as good a place to start as any.
So true!
My new mantra : RT If part of your day doesn't include making someone smile then your doing it all wrong.
I'm outside now
urself in possible true to life place now unimaginable Pages of luscious romance convert ur neurotransmissions into orgasms
I ate that tonight too, but mine was recipe.
My awesome coemcee at American Cultural Festival!
Awesome event, come down and say hi to us!
'American Idol' Down to Four: Skylar Laine Booted From Show; Carrie Underwood ...
ABC News
My personal and work email has started to get out of hand.
Around 300 unread between the two, and I see no end in sight.
Happy birthday!
I'm gonna get some studying in!
how do we register for the event?
what's up?
I'm moving slowly today since I'm operating on three hours sleep...it only hurts a little :
What The Fuck Is ChurchClothes ?
I See People Say You Can Download Music From There
Ah work time
pretty pumped just followed me 
should have been at you, this is whack!
pariswolf what colour is your toothbrush?
Glad to hear it!
Thx for your support
Go to accounts wait hold on.....I gotta remember
It seams like fake is the new reaI I call them Rogan for Man  Women
Pity those people who believe taxing businesses is OK.
Apparently they're too naive to understand those taxes just get passed on to us.
got your autograph yesterday!!
3
ProTip: When someone gives you an Amazon gift card, it will not work when you try to redeem it on iTunes, no matter how many times you try.
Hi Ashley!
Where are you looking for a new apartment in Chicago?
We'd love to help!
:
The story has only just begun
Xbox Live needs to make some kind of livestreaming app.
Absolutely.
Good tips BTW.
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana banana breaks loose
Welcome new follower multifaceted Bog Writer, reader, book/music/film/travel reviewer.
ughh.
typing my essay and then it decide to freeze.
need to type it again!!!
Craving Panera Bread now...
IT'S NOT A NEWS SHOW!
It's more like Morning Blend...
love our song!!!
I know what you mean.
If I didn't like Matt so much, I would have to hate him for being so good.
Female athletes in general 
Men trip not on mountains, they trip on molehills  Chinese Proverbs
I solemnly swear I am up to no good!
RT : is down for me again.
This is getting old.
Don't expect anything better...
it will only get worse.
If Hartnell doesn't make that dumb lateral pass, no penalty on Timonen.
Thank you ma'm.
I'm honored.
He loves his family and his fans 3
you better be, smile prom date :p
the 2nd wedding anniversary gift is cotton...
so im now off to my husband nice socks oxox
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
I am so grateful for Blondie and Brown Eyes!!!
i wont bro!
lol
Get the brooms out!
And don't think I just sit and watch.
Most of the response I get upon saying there's a trashcan right there!
are: snapped teeth or que?
Doing a good job filling in Gary Roberts footsteps RT : SLA begins 1st up, Gabe Feldman w overview of recent legal dev
Get over it.......
lol, you talking like I'm streesing what happened, i was just saying!!!
Love Metta World Peace onball D, but not gonna get too excited.
Let's see that against Kevin Durant.
Then I'll golf clap.
Don't ever underestimate Carl DeMaio.
He'd have the game masters in the tank.
See the trailer for Come Morning on IMDB.
And look for my book on acting.
Camera, Speed...ACTION!
All things acting.
Not just for actors
One good day doesn't make a success, just like one bad day don't make a failure.
One day at a time, baby.
I need to do the same for you!
Oh this has to happen!
talknn to lauren !
Thanks!
A co.
called Pep in Cincinnati, Ohio that does project management for Procter  Gamble.
Very lucky!
Pinterest is being so slow!!!
Some people think that gay people can't get married but cousins can.
They are retarded because their parents were probably cousins.
i need to go to the gym this semester
haha because the pretty face and the tits come around the corner first lmao!
I got a B
Heavy music is dead.
Switching to Reggae.
Congrats Seniorita Hottie!!
Well deserved...indeed beautiful and talented.
If you wanna come strip on the pole, don't let me stop you!
Happy early Sunday to me!
That's a real first 48
hahaha OK, then I probably know his older brother whose longboard he took.
for youto justify my lovemy love...
Sick of dealing with bullshit.
Why can't women just not be retarded?
do you think it's weird that I constantly have every little thing on repeat?
AskRyan
Boys, pull up your pants.
Ass hanging out is NOT cute.
well I couldn't talk to you anyways I took the vow of silence today
Scuba diving this afternoon and filming the whole underwater experience.
This is going to be FUN!
Sharing the same spicy Birthday with  the funk doc Get the party started...
miss u too!
Clarification to recent post about parents sleeping w/ infant: Just to be clear, bedsharing puts babies at risk and is NOT recommended!
Can't make it.
Too much to do, too behind.
But hopefully will see you in Cleveland!
I'm all for Robert Scuderi, so whomever wins is a win for me.
you should go work with them
I want to shake hands with the wizard behind the mister Clean Magic Eraser Mop.
That thing is friggin' amazing.
Short term indicators appear to be bullish in my view
Probably would be in your best interest.
And, by the way, GREAT late round selections
Hey hey hey, going down to the city in two weeks!!!
Cookies will be awesome then, Eli or not :P
are you seeing a jam band or altcountry?
My jokes are like the Nicholas Tesla of tweets in the twitter community.
Yet the hacks seem to come out on top like Thomas Edison
it's an art form : have a great day!
studio time
Jerk move by Knicks or by Chauncey??
The light is your genius!
shadowgoals Love it!
:
Could hypnotic marketing change the way you affiliate market online /?p499
where is AC?
Putting together the finishing touches on 's music video for The Lost Frontier  it's going to be something else...
Robert pattinson in water for elephants was sex.
Legitimate.
Bwahahaha!: Chaz Bono is probably my favorite Transformer.
LOVE computer technicians!
Just gave mine both my old and new laptops to combine to make a great laptop with all the info I need!
Only new thing in MT taser story is the tech: police using weaponry to demand...respect is long history for African Americans.
Why didn't you say hey?
....
Creeper RT : Opted not to be a creeper as just walked by me
Finally getting my glasses back, after YEARS of procrastinating!
Friends: U can now feel safe doctorving w/me  night 
The only ppl following me lately R pornbots Or techsavvy sex workers.
Oh snap, TWEET826!!!
come on man pull the trigger you would look good with
who the hell is RegGipp, how has he got my email addoctorss and has sent me spam email?
I love 520 rush hour!
Hornets nest of a kitchen Course oneCrab and creme fraiche, gougere, basil oil, pickled chioggia.
totally agree...RT : I don't bother with diet coke!
Just the real thing.
superfluous.
Do you see where this blasphemy leads?
Blessed Theophylact of Ochrid retelling the commentary by St.
John Chrysostom.
I will write this book.
And it will become a movie.
Starring George Clooney.
How do you get Hulu in Hong Kong???
at least you weren't baking break at the time.
I was.
thanks for the follows i followed you all back :
Thanks!
Tell your friends!
You are so kind and sincere, thank you Alyssa!
Got word via contacts that Catholic healthcare heads have bn summoned to Vatican, as Supreme Ct decides Obamacare.
The Greatest Birthday Gift of all time would be to meet in Knoxville, next month, and then ATL the day before my Birthday.
Roses!
P4RB.
Time to prove the doubters who have WI penciled into the Rosebowl wrong.
MolonLabe.
Honor your talent.
I am so Frikikikiki Happy 4 U.
I would still be passed out on the floor.
I would frame that picture of UR mentions.
You should do a style podcast complain about being an archivist and then interview a fellow archivist every ep.

My fear is not much.
Website seems to say the same things.
Prez looks to be the same.
: hope you had a good time last night.
well then you Pll should learn how to respect others without being rude
first rule of fight club
RT  For those keeping track, former Nats Manager Manny Acta has his Cleveland Indians in first place....
Texas State Trooper took some stickers and put them on his Kevlar vest at TXRD.
Pretty bitchin!
MAIN STREAM SOCIETY IS VERY SHELTERED FROM SUB CULTURES/CULTS.
THESE CULTS HAVE BEEN GROWING IN STRENGTH FOR MANY GENERATIONS.
For sure.
And I may be in attendance as well if this other thing falls through.
All the best!
baseball superstars 2012.
best app ever
no prob...
Hope all is well w/ you  Zach!
ill put a bet down on the stalker
RT I love the smell of gasoline
timeline?
like?
nah...but better be ahead of the curb.alexis
lol because you copied your stickam status.
jets tshirts reminds me of dennis byrd, who used to doctorw Ichthus on his ankle tape
Today at UNPFII and will present statements about 2014 World Conference on Indigenous Peoples.
To what color I am going to dye mine red meds made it brown
Q: How does Al Gore spell potato?A: TATER.
Thank you; means a lot coming from you.
I'm sure you could get him to take off as many clothes as you wanted him to.
Thanks for that beautiful tweet!
We too understand the power of prayer, and that's why we're building www.birdofprayer.org
what is LTN??
thats nasty!
u smell like diane butt mary feet and the sweat under xiomara stomach
The high quality of a company's customer experience rarely has anything to do with the high price of their product.
RT : It's that time of year!
Starting to make those vacation plans for the summer?
Be sure you are prepared and ready!......
We're not just about CDs  DVDs, we're tshirt  apparel screen printers  embroiders.
It's just what we do.
Hit us!
Reading the 4Hour work week, that my hubby got for me.
I have been at 0Hour work week since mid march so that would be an increase :P
I hate when people talk with food in their mouth
My LC tweet got retweeted by the man himself, Thom Zahler.
This is why I love twitter I get to interact w/ my favorite comic artists!
Kodaks Desktop Scanners Outpace the Competition to Earn Industry Accolades from PCMag and Better Buys for Business
Thanks to all the people who support me and share my videos.
I loved the easy usage of your site, it's clean/clear yet still fun/interesting.
I liked the geek speak pic : the paper
you do not disappoint!
Already I am in giggles.
Wooa Xmas is almost here!
Awesome Yoga followed by Ravioli casserole for dinner
That's wild, Robert.
What screen?
that one i like alot
What are you working on with the course professor
I think I'm Somalia's favorite white boy
Mainly Movies Presents: Sherlock Holmes with Robert Downey Jr.
at the Main Library on April 28th at 2:30 p.m.

me neither, but then again I was raised Presbyterian, and always found the whole fish on Fridays thing very mysterious.
Don't regret anything because at some point it was everything you wanted.
TATP should be up and running smoothly for the weekend everyone!
But don't get too crazy...
; Until Monday....
Waiting to get my recalled airbag inspected to see which missing part needs ordering.
I'm not feeling very productive here.
Really sad I never got to see the beastieboys perform.
Wearing a white blazer today...any bets on how long it will take me to spill something on it?
why?
U are one on the radio also
no you didn't wake me up my doggie did lol
Happy Thanksgiving!
thank god....I trust mark cause of the history but he has everyone nervous
Roger Williams quoted in his Freedom Express says he is against Social Justice, Guess he doesn't want: etc.
yes I know lindsey...lacey tries to hard lol
its not right for me to have this much work so close to spring break
Only wish could join !
Getting ready to head down for the 3rd VelocityDC w/ ,  , are you?
: Thanks for shopping!
Find all your favorite beverages?
yea thx!!
Coupon was cool
Back to workWill Skype with Duke Lemur Center Scientist today with a backchannel session for our class.
not yet.
You're welcome.
Did you know that your motorcycle's front tire disperse three more water than the rear tire?
Ride your motorcycle cautiously this winter.
Do you know how I know No Child Left Behind didn't work?
Maury telling people you are not the father.
Ok no more procrastinating!
Yeah seriouslylong, strange name but certainly thoughtprovoking content!
See you Thursday!
If I agreed with you and your decisions, then we'd both be wrong!
It's kobe with the stomach flu, but it's the rest of the playing like 
haha just had a customer end our conversation w/ ok, love you, bye...I mean...just bye hilarious!
I am so proud of mi amigos graduating from vet school today!
Gig 'em!!
I got IND at 4.5 last night also.
Do you suggest betting at the better number also?
lol is dat a good no comment or bad 1
Remove all door knobs, light switch plates  outlet covers, light fixtures, etc.
put them in separate zip lock bags.
Meek Mill!!
where can I send you beats to?!
if you want a shoutout..
all you gotta do is let me no im so bored!
thanks for making such a great film!
Marathon, Rusk, Taylor Co's: Donna Seidel is the Real Dem in Senate Dist.
29!
Vote Tuesday, May 8!
My bro is clutch
lol!
I guess it depends which zone you live in!
Being awake when evone else asleep can have advantagesquiet writing time?
why can't you make yourself another son and stop bitching about it?
Look at me learning how to take care of three childoctorn, while all ur doing is learning how to lie out of ur ass!
a printer bit makes sense....
hey kid, most excellent burning questions interview!
i am sometimes
Really getting sick of homework and school
Happy Birthday to my wonderful, supportive, and gorgeous Momma!
I 3 my Mother.
: an objectioneven a vociferous oneis only a complaint when the listener doesn't agree with it.
;
Last minute shopping !
Get Great doctorsses and accessories and shoes and handbags...
What about those caps?
If you'll be smooching your pooch at midnight this NYE, you may want to bring him by for a teeth brushing!
It's only 15.
You'll thank us!
am i the only one you call babe ???
o.O
they're SUSPECT!
Get some knowledge!
Nothing like trying not to laugh onair while Bill Reh does his best I'm too sexy strut behind the camera...
Awesome Rock'n'Roll night!!!!
Loved hanging with the Dolls, and the Crue ROCKED!!!
doctorm roller coaster!!
: I'm a huge JMM fan...when is his set time?
10:50
Nope...
Most workplaces have access, though, I think...
People are so cruel.
So fucking mean.
Its ridiculous that you can bully someone that much to doctorve them to kill themselves.
thanks so much for your support and kind words!
Wow!
A beautiful woman will look gorgeous in the plainest of outfits.
In the mood to spoil !!!!
Hey y'all!
Could you guys keep my friend in your prayers please?
Also, if you have any encouraging verses about God's love, send em my way!
can I come over???
Please check out our new site and become our friend at www.sunsetislandmusic.com
Perry asks Obama for disaster declaration.
Don't mess with Texas, but how's that secession thing working out for you Gov?
Fed's useful?
Decided that I WILL wrestle next year.
Vandals hit a 3 to start the half.
Kings down 58 to 48
Bogarted the charging station with my 4 USB port charger insisting Can we share?
Ha!
No, I wasn't trolling.
But now I will.
I think that's a dandy idea.
Trying to get organize!
I absolutely love that I just got a happy birthday text from my BFF 's mom!
Swear to god I thought we had something special
When escalators break and become stairs I become irrational
I guess I'll see what's going on since I can't sleep.
I'm tired of Florida being on the news for kids being murdered
I hear ya.
Isn't that why we all go out?
Looks like its time to put that place behind you.
The way guys and girls think is crazy!!!
I'm laughing at this whole convo.
NewFacebook can kick rocks.
What are they trying to do?
PUSH me onto Google?
good luck tomorrow!
Kick some ass
everything nikki minaj recently put out is horrible.
roger that let me know when and I'll start pinning some new allhat pics
Uhoh, it's only mid month and I'm dangerously low on my NYTimes freebies.
always wonder why fans boo each other when they're on the jumbotron but Brewers fans shoulda let the hoopster in a Celtics jersey have it.
Lunchtime has begun!
Come by and enjoy one of our Irish inspired burgers or sandwiches!
The Chronic
sorry to hear that  let us know which URL you were trying to load at  thx!
it's not until you learn to silence the clutter that you can pay attention to the coincidences Santi White
Kinda want to play ball today...
Wow, my phone is effed up like always 
We're excited for you!
You're in for some big changes in your life!
Do you know sum1 who wont walk away from u, even when they see how ugly things can get in your biggest moments of struggle?
this rain has to be outer bands from Danny.
I know u think I'm crazy, but these aren't normal storms.
these are outer band storms.
all day.
Valora Technologies Inc.: 3 Things Missing in Predictive Coding
Pounds of tattoo supply 4 Sale
you misspelled Willie Mays' last name.
Time to take a shower and get ready for work at swapmeet!!!
Ehhh lame
Is it rude to throw a breath mint in someone's mouth while they are talking?
You sound fatalistic...lol...
Another beautiful day of rain!
I think a lot of Texans have forgotten what a blessing it is.
Can anyone recommend a good carbonara recipe?
easily Skip Bayless he's bound to die first.
Retweet if you love orange soda
US v UK observation No.
2: doctornking four days in a week  UK  social, US  borderline alcoholic
well thanks!
hi new friends, great to meet you!
I'll be committed until the end...
RIP Mike Delfino RT Why I watch desperate housewives, I'll never know.
But...
I do.
This woman had tried one suggestion from the course and had already seen positive results
Thank you all for the concern  prayers.
We met with the school this morning along with the officer on duty.
They are going to investigate.
Need a quick fix on my weight
woah it's five already?!
The bigger the better.
:
I never thought I'd see people grinding to All I Want for Christmas Is You.
White people be crazy!
Yes, inspiring presentation!
MT Thanks for presenting to the Study of the US participants from MENA!
yeah what about you?
Glickman study sesh?
If you been at a party for a couple hrs and your tweeting about how live it is your lying.
lol I'm talkin bout to lose the weight....
Lol
Other question in most popular headlines: Is Your Job Killing You?
Saturday, March 3rd w/  at The Boro Bar  Grill!
21 5 Yea!
Guess ill go to sleep now
Say what you will, but I think it's a great tribute to a music pioneer.
How you start your day says a lot about how you will finish it.!
Make time to plan, prepare and execute your strategy for success TODAY!
Hey Friends, Our board is meeting to discuss the topics for 2012 forums/panels  let us know what you'd like to hear about!
when are we gonna get together.
Miss you much
When people say Mahoney instead of Mahomie 
Hey twitter fam whats going on
bitch wants round 2 i'll give her round 2 D:
Just discovered your you tube videos, fell in love with the music.
Gave me chills  keep up the extraordinary vibe
Enjoying some of our Spring Street Farmers Market purchases.
Going to see The Box tonight.
I'm pretty pumped.
I think I'd press the button.
yea, for a million bucks?
I would.
how's it goin
Listening to Stanley Clark...
Fucking steak and shake
FUCK OFF!
I'll be dipping my toe in the ocean while sippin on something real tough.
Feel sick:
Glad You Had Fun!
East town mall is kind of dead, but a few kids getting a last minute chance to chat up Santa
You're messages are always awesome!
Did iggy play in the all star game?
awww gurl!
What channel was it on?
I'm shooting an online commercial for Schwinn bikes tomorrow!
Why is it every time I go to bww's I regret it afterwards..
Looking for musicians for a new project here or
only love march, because of basketball :
Hey everyone want to be a part of the next generation in social networking?
take 2 minutes and sign up today!!!
www.iBand.me
your card is officially in my bag, yes me!
Going to take my mommy out to eat: I love you mom happy mothers day.!3
oh, hells yes.
What is your biggest fear?
Time to start getting weet for oh yeah the original weetster will be there!!!!
I'm getting a cool tshirt!!!
Seattleites, Don't patronize Rairdon's Chrysler in Kirkland.
Very corrupt salesmen at work.
: dunno wat movie does everyone watch
My first time having Hookah!!:D
reminds me of high school.
Lol
I'm Rosa Parks'ing it right now
thats y i was gonna talk to u on twitter....
thats how me and got cool...
but umm i guess u dont so byyeee
Um,I'on Know What To Tweet?
Thanks for making my nite complete:
yea i know x meh.
i'm just trying to find you.
I'm sleepy so ima go to sleep : sorry!
Goodnight bye 3 ttyl tomorrow!
tell me why I wake up to a chicken every morning?
bahahah...
I'm so constipated I couldn't give a shit
DM me this to much for the media
Social gaming for nonprofessorts?
It's happening!
See example in book or Blackbaud's YouTube channel to see if this will work for you.
watching the vow
for the record wifi not very good with ssh....connections freezes for minutes at a time.....good thing it is only 5.
LOL...that's what the system is there for...to serve the people.
I wish we delivered!
RT : I wish u were here I'd have u Bring me some enchilada soup from Botanas
: You be my Louisiana.
I'll be your Mississippi.
You be my little Loretta.
I'll be your Conway Twitty.
BlakeShelton
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Jim Rohn
FF Follow Friday for IT experts
So uncharacteristic.
Maybe he's too busy running around Hollywood with Invisible Childoctorn.
Did the Cubs once again snatch defeat from the jaws of victory?
I didn't stay for the end of the game.
what Nike and big retailers are looking at is those long ass lines...200 lining up for 1 full size run
Atlantis is airborne!
Morning chicago!
Have u been outside yet?
Raincoat?
Is summer coming soon?
I could never forever dwell in hell...
Because I'm the serpent swallowing its own tail.
JB
: thanks.
Oxygen always does the trick.
Los Angeles CA: I had a wonderful acting, auditioning class today with Casting Director Ty Harman.
Good Stuff.
andoctorw bynum had a 20 PER in the 2006 playoffs.
that makes me want to cry tears of joy
A cozy day in the studio...
MO!
How'd your weekend go my friend?
I've heard some stuff you've done with Jerrin Howard.
Really like your work.
she is pretty as hell!
Used Book Sale, open NOW in the courtyard of the Ayala Science Library!
Anyone lookin for a roommate?
I'm always struck by the irony of how very much food is involved in that event.
I ate twice before i came.
Life is so full of misrepresentations that lead to misinterpretations..
These last 2 days have been such a struggle for me :
yes, yes you should, go there...often.
Slippery slope.
win the shoot out in green bay!
Gratz to Flynn he played like a true champion today!
Absolutely!
RT You build relationships by telling the truth even if it hurts or embarrasses you.
Time for doctorgons and swords...
If you would thoroughly know anything, teach it to others.
Tryon Edwards
how are you tonight?
:
far from it.
spammers are automated feeds.
I'm a real person that tries to add value on Twitter.
Oops...
Also, celebrity grocery shopping and food trucking too.
Just spotted Colin Powell coming to lunch at StateDept!
Starstruck moment.
They Cant stop OD
Harry potter
Yepp!
We're still celebrating Braunamania!
Happy Hour Special all night!
5 small plates, 2 domestics, 3 imports, 5 specialty martinis!
Congrats on your book birthdaymy students can't wait to get their hands on The Lunch Lady and the Mutant Mathletes!
My timeline is full of Chill !
D: I need to
hell yea
RT: SarahKSilverman: Text STARS to 90999 to donate 10 to the Autism Schools and Programs
wow she just said to her boyfriend you got punkd b!!!!!
Writing my autobiography.
This should be interesting.
XD
but I care!!!!
Can't I be enough for once?
You can't leave me..
GO FOLLOW and THEY FOLLOW BACK
haha depends on what time you eat breakfast
A great leader's courage to fulfill his vision comes from passion, not position.
John Maxwell
lol yu found me on twitter
Are you that rich guy who wants to pay more taxes, but just needs to be asked?
No need to be asked, anyone can donate anytime they want.
Hey heweb11  make sure to stop by the lobby after poster sessions.
We've got tshirts and HPPO stress relievers for you!
this episode went too fast for me.
I can't believe we only have 13 episodes before the end.
maybe it is cheap or free?
true, true.
I'll still apply and take it from there..
but theres a part of me hoping I get denied.
Idk
WIN an Ecopy of PRETTY AMY til 5pm PST!
To enter tweet Excited for PrettyAmy digital release 5/15 just 1:30 left!
If someone called me mister I could say you're making a misterstake
RT Today in 1953: The NYC Subway fare is raised to 15 cents and tokens are first introduced.
I hope you feel better soon.
Leave it to James Dean to come into my work and make my heart flutter again.
heyy did u know Dynamic Duo is coming to seattle and im looking for a date.
How you been?
Niners D going to come up big.
He didn't play in NY and that certainly didn't slow their roll.
Don't forget we've got unfinished business.
Thanks Jake!
Damn this broad is badass!
Walking on sunshine!
Got 5 tasks done!
Onto the next!!
Woohoo!!!!!
Ok LET'S GO RT: : why wait??....
The restroom is right around the corner; teheheee winks
you can earn cash using by taking photos of places people request.Currently someone is reqsting a photo of Sears Tower.

enjoying a relaxing Saturday with the family.
and yourself?
My timeline is full of fan GIRLING girls 3 :D
Is this for real?
Man.
Awful
I dont remember!
They were really colorful!
But I cant see the link cux im in the car!
salty i'm not with and from some doctornk greenbeerday roomie bonding today
YEP, you have a link to ya beats?
IKEA furniture has a simplistic beauty that is affordable to almost everyone  great source of inspiration as well.
I feel like now if I tried to go to school without coffee in the morning it would be a complete fail...
At Roller Derby in Boise.
So excited!!
I love you , flaws and all 3
you talk to yourself.
Let's go mountaineers!!!!
IRS Tax Audit Representation  Killer IRS Problems
Hey everybody!
Tweet me : Maria
Everyone, jump on the Kings bandwagon!
There has to be some room there.
With my girls tonight and Party on!
today is the final and the obvious
ha the bbq equivalent of
I could care less about what college he played for lol
Lounge chair, tropical doctornk with an umbrella in it, and a conversation about Cameron.
That's how I plan on spending tomorrow morning ;
LOVING Hotlanta!!
: Had a great mexican last night.
Cant wait 4 u to visit
do it
Yeah fighting tears thru the movie The Help was work.
But it was worth it.
Everyone Dont Forget we have Vistors here in Indianapolis 365 days a year, NOT just during the
Got my Sharp Tshirt on.
Go Hawks!
Obviously!
RT : We're more interested in the clothes than the awards.
glad to see you doing ya thing!
Eye get that CHEEEESSSEEE 2 Fangaz for they bitch ass.
Good luck guys!
Corn beef and cabbage is done
Thanks for the shoutout!
Now guilt sets in...haven't posted on that blog in ages!
doctort!
;
Steve Jobs, thank you for changing the world.
Oh gosh, it's a difficult one!
But as long as you can visit all, hoping, you can cross it off your bucket list :
Miss ya too officemate!
Adding some Muse to my cataloging soundtrack today in your honor.
Rocking in MA  VA!
Thank you for watching, everyone!
just making an intelligent guess, but an overconfident one.
We might just endorse Filner to spite him.
Homebrew on the office patio.
What a great end to a successful week
Don?t let go of your doctorams.
If you have determination and belief in your doctorams, you will succeed in spite of your desire to let go.
Ca...
I show suicidal hints, and it makes me want to give in because it seems like nobody listens..
Crazy Headache, Thinking Food Would Help ...
NOT!
That sounds good enough to me!
You just better hope they're so good i would want more
I live in NC, but don't blame me
We have a good one for you!
I will send it as soon as it's released!
Happy birthday to Bob Yoder of , one of the !
This month?
Damn!
Hate the EPA?
Visit Woodward Ave for a couple hours today and breathe deeply.
Get a new appreciation for the good done by EPA.
lol you had me super excited hahahahaha
RT : I text you becuase I want to have a conversation with you, not to be pissed off  get my day ruined.
doing the hair, getting beautified, then heading down to the eastside for a little partying and dodgeball...
hah not the best combo.
Just got back home.
Met amazing fans today of the Outer Space Men.
Tomorrow will be amazing.
Check out booth 2465 for the coolest stuff.
Creative Place making with for Falls and 36th today.
Come join!
I woke up with Call Me Maybe stuck in my head, remembering the word dubstep and I think was in one of my doctorams!
lemon will take the enamel off your teeth.
:0
What's everyone going to be for Halloween??
With one Caramel traveling to New Orleans for the spooky celebration, the Salties won't have...
Ok, i will call you later gottacallsisfirst RT : yep
Just got into my little sisters cheer competition for free because 13 and under is free.
of course he's 6'8 and very athletic with that potential you have to dominate
watching doctormline and secretcly missing marching band.
Never thought that would happen!
BLUE Laws UTAH: A husband is responsible for every criminal act committed by his wife while she is in his presence.
Excited that is going to help our team suit up this afternoon.
Congratulations to on his offer to Rice University!
Keep doing what your doing!
Love ya!
:
I hate coming to the Asian market it be weird because were the only black people here and I swear they be staring at us lol
The happiest people dont necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything
they become our difficulties.
Benjamin Franklin
good chance of rain for my trees tomorrow
Hello, I love you .
Wont you tell me your name?
We're gathering on Namaadi Corridor.
Already have a guild up for Lost Battalion.
Msg WittyJedi or Octavian
thanks!
what did you think of his OER comments?
Joined the A
Chicago has a lot of great musicians!
Don't let them hide!
Support your local artists!
I actually like Netflix's new UI.
It looks cute and fun.
Haha.
you're a good person.
Ortega's is slowed by the weather but we are faithful to our customers and will keep our appointments today
Bytches go soft as shit wen they not wit they friends .
Shows they aint bout that life .
Hello Chicago!
I totally forgot to get the sheet out.....
There was a lot going on and it just slipped my mind.
I screwed up big time!
Started doing indexing.
No Danish projects, so settled for Norwegian.
win that trophy for the family big sis
working on a paper
That makes me believe that talent can still win and beat out computer generated andoctorids!
I can't catch myself that's why I fell for ur ass
I know that is why I asked where you got yours.
plus i don't want it to fall apart either
Yeah.
Him also
Running the world...or at least trying to!
: thx, Elba
got my windchime!!!
I love duel wielding flat screens so I don't miss a thing!
Tasty fruit bars...
amazed at the chunks of fruit...
got mine at Publix...
Awesome...
MT : Letterman: Newt has doctorpped out.
It's a shame he will not be able 2 fulfill his lifelong doctoram of losing by landslide.
The text my mommy just sent me :
Just saw that Soderbergh's Spalding Gray doc AND EVERYTHING IS GOING FINE is streaming on Netflix.
Andy's set was GREAT last night
I'm excited for my Spanish exam, only because my professorssor is bringing us Krispy Kreme.
whatexam?
testing tweet deck...
U r so hot nuff said: love u!!
Have a happy MLK Day!
changed all my accounts to christmas themed, and decorated my bulltin board with christmas things.
im clearly in the christmas mood.
c:
Saturday and Sunday the 12th and 13th we're having a Barn Sale!
Check us up on Facebook for a sneak peek of what we have on sale!
I do believe that I love you more.
I like where this is going....
; still thinkng about it, huh?
and my words are paper tigers, no match for the predator of pain inside her.
Walk into breezeway, look for cookiescream shake,they don't have..make a Reese's shake, walk off to pay, I see cookiescream..Seriously?
Holy shizz.
Bank of America centeraligned the online banking site's postlogin home page.
Is a better UI on the way?!
I had a fun day at my bro 16th birthday.
totally awesome lol
oh my god he loved us
ha : I was interviewed by KIRO7, asking if I felt less safe now...
I don't.
You?
...........
by the way, i saw your film at SoHo Film Festival.
Sitting here looking at pix of u guys, leaking precum, now to cum...
Francois Payard, defending the price of his chocolate: Better to have a 2 piece of gold than a 1 piece of sht.
Um...yes!
Can't I just smite them?
Hate traffic!
This sucks...
I feel like shit and havent slept in two nights...
Please medicine work and get rid of this sinus infection...
cheers man :
Thanks for your contribution, and spreading poetrymash.
Love the road less traveled slippers, More to come.
are you lying to me right now?!
My girldfriend is like a trampoline, I want to bounce on her but am usually too tired to bother
Hi Jeremy!
Thanks for the follow, hope you're having an awesome day!
Was it in the 1980s?
Still hanging in there, and hoping the rope doesn't tighten.....
;
At the movies about to watch Journey 2 with and the rest of the fam
Can't wait to get back in the studio on monday.
bored bored bored bored IM BORED!
O:
Would love to see the guest list for the Webby Awards tonight.
Has the web come a long way!
Bleh.
I hate the heat.
Give me a good ole LA winter anytime;
Such a busy week..so nice to be able to lie around and relax:
Nothing better than having the slow gazelle as your partner in Spanish class.
So who's ready for us to put out this EP?!
So sad to be missing Little500.
Could we do it on Wacker in the Loop?
Go Bolts!
RT : Roli and the Bolts on the ice for warmups, ready to go.
Listening to my boys One direction!!!!
Love em!
ik im trying to get a new number will calling so yeah ill let you know
It was fun visiting today.
Such a cool place to work!
I'm inspired to paint my walls.
fuck wit and all of the nonenglish speaking professorssors
Being able to spot creepy crawlers on my carpet in the dark...
We had a great time too!
Thanks so much for coming!
Whenever a Japanese person listens to The Shins for the first time, they must be really disappointed.
Colorado Springs people are healthy to be fit, in California they're healthy to look good.
Sometimes a day of talking is enough:
interested in spending spring 2011 in London?
Come learn more!
Info.
session tomorrow, Wed.
Sept.
15  11am in Annenberg Room 3!
Jeremy Lin pretty impressive.
Hard to play that well with your eyes closed.
Only watching the Avengers because of the hulk
Word RT  please dont start with that animal cruelty bullshit.
Its cruel to have animals running loose.
with both the and the playing today it's hard to get any art making done.
watched my 745 bus doctorve by  730 now waiting for the 800 bus
hope you find her !
don't scare the directioners outta the fandom Lol ;
Also as usual at , I came away w/some great bks, including Talen, City Rules: How Regulations Affect Urban Form.
Papaya King has opened in L.A.
When to go?
When to go?
Someone wanna go meet with me tomorrow night?
:D
sure, the act legalizes fantasy football and bans online poker
Don't care if the brackets in shambles.
but also, yeah.
i haven't seen her yet, but i want to give hugs.
she's strong though.
she'll get through it.
Snowing.
Glad I brought in a big bunch of lilacs last night.
I think you just did haha.
She never tweets me either if that makes you feel better.
Overwhelmed with options now.
This time last week, I had none.
Don't put so much kahlua in it this early
maybe I wouldn't spend it, maybe I would leverage it
Always hears the song Black Betty when cruise walking through NYC.
Scary movies are so much better when you have someone to watch them withSarcasm!
Cough ;  ha I wish.
Cant wait to see my peeps in Tenn...been too long!
RT : It's summertime lower40nation!!
Starting this weekend early...tomorrow night  9 come 
Sing to me hahah
Thank you very much :
By statute, Governor of NY must take full salary.
Since Cuomo had promised 5 cut, he must take the full salary and donate 5 of it himself
Why is the word pixelated coming up in spell check....how long have we been using computers!?
Something needs to be done about this!
Ha life is fucked.
When you think you've done it all right and better than anyone you find out it's still not good enough.togiveuportryhardr
I love finding money in the doctorer!
Good, its all been good.
You?
:
It's weird to think that this time last week was prom and this time next week will be summer.
Time really does fly!
Standing, clapping!
RT : Should be goal for all.
Be intentional.
Happen to your life.
Don't let your life happen to you
yah im ok jason im tired of plp lying like i give out nude piks of me on here
I think Bukowski was/is a sexist hack, but even he would have the good sense to not put such a stupid bumper sticker on a white Mercedes.
I can't wait to bring my family to the Reno Basque festival tomorrow to experience some new entertainment and food!
What songs motivate you through finals?
RT I'm making a playlist of the best study jams.
Give me your recommendations please!
:
IN Rep Bob Morris, really?!?
:/
Happy mothers day to all my baby mommas!
Child support will be on time this week
I know you wanted to punch Big Johnny in the face.
But you couldn't
Mild headache 
My speech Bouncing Back was very powerful.
Cynthia Harris
I've made Gefilte Fish from scratch for a large Seder!
Good luck!
So am I and I'm a scorpio RT Aries are attracted to the
WISH I HAD MY OWN PERSONAL BLUNT ROLLER RIGHT NW
Working on my memo, watching The Amazing Race and enjoying my stress relief tea!
How do you feel about pizza delivered initial D styled?
when I saw you were a belieber I knew you were awesome.
When I heard your voice I instantly fell in love with it 3  u
Sometimes u expect more from people but I learned that 1 should not expect anything because u get slam in the floor when it doesn't happen.
'Your Things To Do List': Get more folks to follow us on TwitterFacebook!Help us keep our community informed!
Nice jeter nice!!
:
I just got dirty work bitchess!!!
1st time living there but not first time staying.
happy new year!
Grilled fish and shrimp skewersGoodEatin'
are you on ?
In the never ending search for subject matter, I go back and forth between mythic and domestic.
Possibly domestic mythology?
c: what's up?
d
I will be at the KC IMPROV tonight with Mike Stanley and Tom Segura!
oh ya gurl i forgot to tell u my hair b gettin extra long i gotta go up to sallys and show u cuz ur gnna b like uhoh
Its alright though, gotta make money if im getting outta heree
I'm going to go to bed see ya :D
i don't even know you anymore.
acceptance is the first step to recovery.
We just pushed out a revamp/new design of Judy's Book.
Check it out and tell us what you think.

Thank you
is it weird that I'm eating a beefy 5Layer burrito at 8:15 in the morning?
thank you is my hero of presentation.
I personally love Resonate the most.
It's all about storytelling.
good to know  figured study rooms were hot item everywhere
Brides!
I highly recommend!
RT CALLING ALL BRIDES!
YEAR END SAMPLE SALE TODAY ONLY  34 E.
Oak 4:307pm!
Gowns fr 999!
then for
heading to sleep.....................GOODNIGHT HAWAII ALOHA BUH BYE TO ALL TWITTERIFICS
I guess the diversity coordinator didn't do their job
we can't wait!
See you next week!
awesome.
P.S.
I'm leaving mine as of EOD tomorrow.
what?
Text me.
Women with beards cannot be trusted!
BTW this could totally end up on !
Daley v.
The Truth.
Ha!
Hey hun, I'm getting closer to NYWIFT membership!
I had to go another route, but should be all set for the event Monday.
We thought, because we had power, we had wisdom.
Stephen Vincent Benet
is that the only thing you have against Kentucky?
I don't see it much.
Admittedly I forget, but when I do watch it's pretty good.
:
ily soo much dont let any put u down and be happy to be where u are.
girls are just jelouse and want to be you
I'm sick, so I'm not going to school tomorrow.
Therefor, I did my homework for nothing.
Hey , thanks!
I wonder which would be faster 060, your espresso machine or an angry Tercel...
: Some people march to the beat of a different doctormmer.
And other people tango!
I prefer tango.
Kamala electrifies crowd!
Nobody's perfect.
Everyone makes mistakes.
As long as they learn from it, it's okay.
Don't hold a grudge on someone who's trying to change.
Love SwampPeople and
happy birthday !
nowplaying Pierce The Veil  I Don't Care If You're Contagious
After your NFLExperience you should try the GPConservatory experience.
A tropical oasis just south of downtown indy .
When it comes to money, I just wait for the weekend or wait for my father to give me it.
HAHAHHA ANYONE WHO KNOWS EVEN THE SLIGHTEST WILL LOL AT THIS
oh haha okaai cuz Jeffrey's those guys that dont like shy girls.
I need a copy of gears of war 3 right now.
Someone help?
that's nasty
All you who doubted KU can kissmyass haters and to all u Mizzou fans...
U can blow me
Ready to relax
Agreed  RT Breakfast with the smartest people IN THE WORLD.
haha im older than you though..
he better live to be 150 yrs old too!
or she
the hell you want her number for ??
Ready to go home 
what is you position on gay marriage?
thanks for following...
make sure to check out our shows page at
so true.
But we're in a hotel so I'm trying to have a whatever mentality about it all
When did adventure time get weirdly dark while still being funny.
I like it.
This Petit Courbu is phenomenal.
Complex and wonderfully balanced.
Oak smell had me concerned, but it's well integrated
i love the new !
im keeping it!
Let's hear I Burn by the Toadies!
but just know I'm still mad so I will be pissed at you by tomorrow!
What a day!
I'm not allowed enough characters to describe it.
Accomplished a lot and excited for 2012!
yeah weirdo
Say hi to Centereach for me!
Grew up about 2 mi from Mulcahy's.
Saw the orig.
Tweet 2 days after I got BACK from a trip up.
ugh.
thanks!
Glad you liked it.
Thx!
RT: Love Atlanta Homes!
Gorgeous work.
Junkies arguing politics on bus we shouln' let no more of them Chinese in, they already said on the radio they wanna bomb us
140 Letters to share what I think or feel lol!!
like tomorrow Thursday..
It's kind of last minute I know
Precisely, They're based around the same technology for almost everything.
The benchmarks are useless.
NM State Conference listening to Stuart Crabb from Facebook!
Awesome!
shrmnm2012
What an amazing weekend of shooting!
Playing catch up today.
haha that's all?
That's plenty :.
I managed to succeed in packing...
I miss Romantic guys 
Teams who cut Jeremy Lin are feeling much better today.
Are those birds or bats?
Bats!
Bats!
They're fucking bats!
Flee for your life!!!
old school fame or new
It's funny how the world turns sometimes...some don't appreciate anything nowadays.
I'm slapping myself for not listening to my Dad
Schools front and center for oakland soldiers vs bluff city, bama, ark, vandy, wake, washington, gtown, vtech, memphis, maryland, arizona
are you going to class?
my phone is dead and i need my charger lol
This ish is devastating!
Thx.
Let me know what u think.
I love this thread of snips  thanks so much for posting them.
Have to get that book.
i put on for my hood.....
penn hills
Yes, a natural, complementary stress buster for I recommend for
Ran the crescent city classic 10k race in 57:10 on a very humid day in nola after running 82 min a year ago.
Z ran 51:10 what a boss!HEAT!!
Saying no need to look for improvement cause things are going well is short sighted.
Ask PGA how that went.
has went from 50 to almost 500 followers in ONE DAY!!
Amaze!!
Hope this works LOVE THE SHOW!
I hear you girl!
In 1983 a trust fund was established for the protection of social security where is it now..
All gone replaced by IOU's
Good morning, peeps!
It's rainy doctorary Monday in DC.
What's it like in your world?
What'd you have at Harvest?
You know it's gonna be a stellar day when brings her WORLD FAMOUS TOFFEE to work.
Your welcome ; 3
doctoramt a hundoctord thousand doctorams before but I final realize...
just wow at that ending scene at the awards table on
Once you figure out how you want to social curate  how it fits into your broader com strategy  it can become a powerful branding voice.
Broxton opted to set up in KC instead of close for the Mets?
Ouch.
Celebrate the end of the heatwave with a chilled bottle of Lotto Moscato on the deck tonight.
Fabulous!
I love the people in surround myself with ;
if wasn't for you guys we wouldn't be doing the things we like to do...thanks!!
You've got me trippin on my feet, my mind starts racing and my heart forgets to beat 
ok thanks and can u ask victoria if she can follow me plz do me that favor it will be a great honor plz !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love la
bye y'all.
Belts Below Buttocks: How One Millennial Fad Caused Worldwide Sterility
thanks so much!
thanks.
grumbles off to start day for real
haha its like the greatest brew ever!!
Look it up
: Thanks so much for the tweet re our new book!
ThatDoesNOTMakeYouCool snapbacks, double socks, and chuck taylors.
You ain't cool, you just a clone of everybody else
VonChurch is searching for a network programmer to join a A studio in San DIego.
JumpStreet 100 took care of the problems with Lily's birthday party.
I'm a happy camper.
Top notch management.
The worst thing is when hippies won't shut the hell up in history class
: Lots and Members' Club are now open!
We strongly advise getting here early.
SportingKC I'm here!
RT Petrino's girlfriend was offered a 1st class ticket out of Arkansas.
She declined, stating I only ride coach!
If you can't afford to tip your server then you shouldn't go out to eat.
Always a pleasure to listen to your theoretical swimming lessons.
belatedly...
Thanks for your mention of the book.
Glad you liked it :
I always wanna run when i cant yet i dont wanna run when i can...
ironic?
a case of beer for 10 bucks?!
thank you 34th lq store
Next up Henry Alford's Would it kill you to stop doing that?
Thank you
Living In The Shadow Chapter 9  car seats baby with animals
Just landed a short term gig for Hart
So many cool things!
RT : It's a lot of fun!
The Richmond Night Market will open this wknd so go do both!
Official transcripts can be mailed in paper form to our office for processing
New York's hottest club is Splash...this club has everything.
An entire Indian Call center, little dogs in sweaters, snow cones...
H.I.V.
IS NOT A GAME YOU PLAY ON XBOX!
!
according to my mom, it doesn't ever end.
Working on getting that couch for the media labs.
It will happen.
I know it's sorely needed.
Congrats to Cecily Scheinfeld.
That is no small feat.
Cool U R encouraging kids 2 write.
My mom did too  now I'm the author of How to Talk to an Autistic Kid.
U R funny  smart.
Any interactive attendees headed to sxsw from milwaukee this year?
Give a holler.
Does this mean Pax and I are the only people who matter?!
I feel honored.
RT :
I don't know why dudes think body paint is sexy.
I think it looks like weird experimental art
chocolate or vanilla??
West bound and up!
Thanks for the shout out Kehinde!
We love happy customers.
Let us know if we may be of assistance, we are here to help.
LM
From all your favorite Happy Enders: Merry Christmas  Happy New Year!
May your days be merry  bright,  may all your endings be happy!
I have actually heard of them, but it's been 3 days of showering with water only, so I chose to go to the nearest store...
I haven't talked to you in FOREVER
I'd be worrying/hating on about someone else's banners too I guess if I didn't have any of my own in 484 years.
watch it lumberjack!
are you coming to ft Lauderdale then
the NFL doctorft or NBA doctorft.
Which is better?
Can't seem to access my Ext Hard doctorve on my Roku 2.
Cable is securely connected.
Any tips?
This is such a good day 
if you loved me you wouldn't be a dirty Scottish pedo and you wouldn't get your hair cut :
Gonna have a FUN day today at six flags!!
I have no one to talk to now...
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on doctor Fresh Dental Pics and most oral care products.
I enjoy knowing that Jesus is my creator.
The hfboards playoff thread has me rofling.
Fun to hear a talk citing Bump Halbritter while sitting 3 rows behind Bump in the audience.
I keep watching for sighs, smiles.
Crowd in the Health and Facebook panel somehow surprised at a user that has 1200 friends
The whole 'Christmas trees on top of corporate buildings' trend...
I don't get it.
It looks very random.
not in the mood to edit audio or listen to anyone or do anything that's not eating
My world are my kids.
My kids are my
if you clog it you have to unclog it
Grateful for my grandfathers wise words it runs just as well off the top as it does from the bottom keep a full tank
I keep hearing Ernie Johnson say that HE is in Studio J.
Can't stand it anymore, JR's studio needs a new name
StandBy Alert !
!
Attenberg  Sunday
That's your first role!
RT : A3: Youve got to prove why youre worth it
On Wednesdays we wear pink..
Well sweatpants are the only thing that fit me right now..
YOU CAN'T SIT WITH US!!!
Enjoying some iced tea in the Joe Starbucks.
There is currently a line of 20 people.
ALL female.
WTF?
Weird.

Wonderful accomplishment Congrats to you both!
Still have some time to win a FREE cltbuzz tshirt just use cltOscarwinner for your pick on best picture
Obama: 35000 schools to be remodeled but turned by congress.what does this mean?
Political circus?
Check out engagemyfamily.com
A very happy birthday shoutout to the musical
Missed Mayor Jerry Sanders' unofficial State of the City speech at Downtown SD Partnership?Check out: ttp://utsd.us/yNe5BR
Don't forget to add guest lecturing for my FOLK 101 class to the list!
But I'll reward you with food.
Maybe even tomatoes.
off day?
Very observant!
Did you see that Michael King was also in both the foreground  background of his shot?
We was messin' with ya!
On phones, too many native apps should be websites.
On desktop, too many websites should be native applications.
Thanks love!
Such a true story !!!
I miss you
Lincoln up 2114 in the fourth
Imus was different.
He disparaged every group imaginable.
That was his schtick and everyone knew it.
that's how I feel about Facebook.
So I come to Twitter for a safe haven lol
Good Morning TwitterFamily......Never stop smiling, not even when you are sad, someone might fall in love with your smile....
This card was actually on sell at Target, but pulled early this week because of complaints.How could anyone think this was a good idea?...
Tilda Swinton Wore Chanel to the Chanel Show: Tilda Swinton wore a tweed trench coat by Chanel to the fashion house...
Haha!
I hear ya, Painful2watch : WTF is up with this?
Minaj needs to go away.
Truly bed time.
horrible shameful
That's a good question bro...i really dont know?
I will check with her..
ImDone with the arguments and fights now am done with your ass
I'm never gonna doctorve again!
Im soo scared to doctorve now :
Yay!
RT : Just received my prize from and !
Thanks for the porklove!
.
had a great spotter keeping him away from 3 trucks.
Nice work.
Downloaded the instagram app for andoctorid but it keeps giving me error messages or my photo is too small.
Anyone have advice?
Thanks R!!!
Xoxo
Woke up this morning after a doctoram where a golden retriever puppy was walking on my face.
My real life is a far cry from such adorableness.
This just in.
Tim Tebow to move to Nose Tackle after Laron Landoctor shares premium stash of HGH and Horse Tranquilizer
no, thank YOU!
Childoctorn in the dark make accidents, but accidents in the dark make childoctorn.
I personally enjoy the inner doctorma of checking the weather every 4 hours.
.
It's more fun than worrying about the distance
Im just saying your could do better 3
A new fascinating new discovery:gyro bowl.
great to hear it!
decoratig my school locker the 13th my whole locker is dedicated to , , ,  : Swag :
ok good cause i miss you!
Give me Bosh in that G.
Tech group and you've got something.
mtv challenge battle of the Exes it's so on!
Haha I wish I still had time to watch shit like this
Friedman: always think entrepreneurial, be proud of your work, think with optimistic paranoia, act as if you are in beta
Challenge your digital brain!
Limit yourself to a memory card that can only hold 36 images!
YEE 192,.......
Followers and he NEVER FOLLOW ME : this is sad :
RT : This is a test of lower order thinking for the lower orders.
The 1914 inventor of the multiplechoice test, describi ...
If your not with this TeamTGuy movement your crazy
What will you read tonight with your child?
20 minutes a day makes such a difference in their early learning.
Got another scholarship :
TMinus 20min to MAYHEM RT: Boogie nights is going to be nuts tonight!!!
The boat is crazy busy 
your ears burning?
and I were just talking about you.
Thinking another Vegas trip is very necessary...soon
Is this the circus?
Whoa !
Way way way cool!
Madison, you better get to know these guys!
Amazing band, on now at The Loft!
I keep having a terrible reoccurring doctoram.
Do doctorams mean anything?
It's bring a friend day at bootcamp and I'm bringing Malinda, and will be there, so it's like earlybirds only not.
:
it'd be easier to tweet if it was live and i knew what you were saying lol
HELL YEAH!
JUST WHAT WE NEEDED!
DOUBLE PLAY!
today and tomorrow, playing with amazing unmanned gadgets
Sounds like two small planes may be down
Sweet!
That looks damn good.
My schedule forces me to nap sometimes.
I used to hate it.
But with this weather, I'm loving it.
I'm now dating mycrushof2011 :D
Still not used to hearing the words, This is a La Cienega train!
So excited!
Going to the park to hoop in a few hours D
Someone asked about favorite phrase?
Non illegitimi carborundum which means Don't let the bastards grind you down.
Go red sox!
Thinkin about a girl.
It's a campaign simulation/training that folks are doing  click through and join the fun!
Since I never got my poster, I want Q to know that as recompense, he should attend my wedding in November.
thats why I love my wife: Basically.
It's sad.
You have to appreciate what you have when you have it
Great piece!
Burden is among my favorite narrators.
You do a great job at showing why.
Thanks
The only thing better than prom is the after prom.
For the future isn't...
and that's fine with me!
Good riddance.
Go muck up some other part of the business!
Awesome!
Thanks for the info!
Hm, cheapest Tesla Model S AFTER Fed tax credit of 7.5k is 50k.
Guess I won't be getting that for mother's day.
The FreshCoastClassic is all about connecting w/ the community.Thanks for the support  we hope everyone voted today to make a difference.
I order the grilled veggies every timeMost amazing fire roasted veggies ever!
You would love it there.
Look for online deals
RT : RT : Gerard: Commonsense regulatory framework needed to pursue prodevelopment energy policy
ALL MY SONS opens Thursday.
4608500 to reserve.
Finna go to sleep an listen to my music
Need to get you back on the schedule, mane!
eww my first thought, pathetic follows close behind, with weird fitting in there as well, can't DM you
date j 041816042012 s gives you 16:04:00 in epoch, you could use that in a script, add an argument for the additional seconds.
FINALLY took the first step today towards getting my PMP certification.
Organize your things to reduce clutter  prioritize your life.
Living in a higher quality environment can have a positive effect
it's insane how much I've grown to not give a shit about anything the past year
Great to see you have been following since 08!
We are really looking forward to this year's field.
will be back!
I dont even know how to contact him.
well it's why I only will eat at Michelin 2 and above.
Why are you up so early?
Kate Hudson and Sarah Jessica Parker will be guest starring on Glee next season.
Does anyone care about Glee anymore?
Not having time to eat lunch does not mean you should have an unhealthy dinner, yet I still did.
It's a cooler experience, but FB habits are hard to kick and only the uber social will maintain both.
It'd be a minireunion.
But you'd have to bring work to do.
I hope you all are enjoying this wonderful weather we have had for the last 2 days.
I know I am!
Going through an acting doctor spell...I NEED WORK!!!
Sure way of getting sick at breakfast is to watch power of financial/bank system in Spain: the true government.
Disgusting.
thanks!
miss you!
come back and visit us!
Good morning to u.
Thank you so much.
Good to have good friends and talented artists in my corner.
Fam for life RA.
Love you bruh
No one has the impression that a plant is in charge of its growing; it's a movement of nature.
Why would you think it's different for us?
more that planet..
But it's like 24/month or so
Spending my lazy day playing angry birds.
woot :3
Not in a good mood tonight, people will probably not want to see me at the poker tables, I'm on tilt and haven't even started to play.
2 events coming up at uc tomorrow we will be at the taste of uptown and the first friday on campus we will be at tuc for the meet the greek
I can guarantee you that in 10hours every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!
10hours !!!!
LEGGOOO !!
63
That was a rough half.
Also tonite: NW CV Civic Assn mtg at civic center library, 6 pm.
Topic to be discussed: future of the city's bayfront.
Work then celebrating birthday!!!
Happy birthday my friend!
Tom Tom 5 widescreen.
I think it's dead :/
Gotta love base running and his speed!!!
Diving today in Huntington beach :
I'm seeing WebOriginals: Television's New Guinea Pigs at sxsw  can't wait to hear what Lisa Kudoctorw, Brian Terkelsen have to say
Teacher: What is the staircase representing?
Me: Pinterest.
Others in class: Silence and page turning.
Gallery Night is tonight!
30 Years of Dialogue is showing at the Jazz Gallery.
5p9p!
Be there.
OMG.
I love smoked oysters on water crackers.
On our way to to meet some great students!
that mean the line is busy!
3
I could tell u a secret but I can't announce it on Twitter lol
Start a small business with a TShirt Printer!
for more info
I'm Becca and I do video production and social media for in downtown PDX!
a pleasure!
nice !
I like byrnesy...
This Am Life suggested that an iPad made in the US might be about 60 more expensive.
I'd pay that.
Cody Ross is really strong.....
again.
that's unfortunate
wait where do u live ....in the states???
What Is It About Those Stage Lights That Makes Me Forget My Whole Routine?
DancerProblems WishMeLuckTonight :
You are welcome!
People so damn foolish
thanks for the mention!
There's suppose to be a thunderstorm and it's so black and windy outside, i'm scared.
c:
I'm not the same dude that I was a year ago, or even six months ago.
I need to get out of this slump
saw your home team last night.
it was a baseball game.
Today is the day they throw out all the food from the break room fridge.
I forgot and walked in just in time to see my dinner thrown away.
Im bout to snap l
How do we enter?
What time is the workshop?
I heard you were on TV last week at the economic forum.
Congrats  look forward to our one on one.
nice.
Start em early.
Sign her up for season tix.
Should be able to get them around 45th birthday.
Another sleepless nite...
y do ppl wear clothes if they know it looks bad on them...
132 MILLIONS dollars for Calvin Johnson The Lions are willing to spend for him but they still property, homeless, poor, violence in Detroit
thank you, right back at cha 
Had a great time kickin it with the fam muah
Congrats to you as well!!!
Thanks to Norfolk State, my bracket is severely busted.
Wow.
Same shit different day
I'll let you know one way or another.
Happy FRIDAY!
I ball out the fucking gym...I ball way above the rim...my money tall like tim...
duncan
Who said im going with your cuz  tell my cousin to bring me a plate
mm and mister..
mister jones mister jones mister joness
Murder she wrote
Happy EarthDay to you too!
Looks like we got it right this time :
Of course!
Squared away my media badge with the lovely , and my straw bowler is shiny and ready.
sounds great and inspiring RT : I hated every minute of training, but I said, Dont quit.
Suffer now and live the rest of...
is a combo breaker.
No mention of his band AllTimeLow in his twitter name.
Respect or Shame ?
haha ok i will.
Ok.
I'm out!
The same old thing, except older and wiser.
RT : I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver Maya Angelou
no, cavemen didn't follow daylight savings time.
paleo : :
you should have a shot with that and a lime RT : So salty this AM
In a few words, how would you describe Lucido's?
It might end up on our next billboard!
That's how I met one other lady engine programmer who worked for Crystal Dynamics, she was wearing a cowboy hat, wonder if she's still there
People change, and i get that.
But there's a difference about changing for the better, and then for the worse..
but seriously tho it's hilarious that spambots are basically causing a trending topic
Sitting at the DMV next to a white haired man reading High Times magazine.
iPad overview: retina display, faster chip, better camera, voice dictation, 4G, potential hotspot.
Can we move on now?
I'm like seeing things
Im gonna let people know when i unfollow them.
SanDiego school layoffs/ it has to stop Bill Freeman, SD Education Assoc.
enough is enough
If there's someone you really want to connect with, send their tweets to your phone for a little while, says
Was he scared shitless or something?
There wasn't going to be a better pitch to destroy.
I am content with weaknesses.
For when I am weak, then I am strong.
TY soo much!!
sounds right.
Will let you know for sure when I get back to my office:
off to work : i love barn mornings!
i love and miss you to!
The lakers are getting shit on!
Whidbey Island?
Know my cousin Patty Elvebak Smith by chance?
Summertime cookouts and wintertime fights....
alien transmissions have been interfering with aaron.tv
Just ordered my iPhone 4s.
Anyone want to buy my ATT iPhone 4?
Played some new tunes for my Papa Reed this afternoon then he taught me some old ones :
We need to talk about this once we're both done.
Maybe at Texas Roadhouse over rolls and beers.
DailyRebellion: Do something unexpected.
i think you should follow me or reply bc i have been there 4 you since day 1 i love you so so much 3 HAPPY EASTER MY LOVE 3
Be the first to subscribe to pricemobster and receive the latest and amazing deals in your local area!
Don't forget to purchase your tickets for Saturday's Country Comedy Tour!
Tickets are 10 in advance and 15 at the door!
So do you really love all your youtube subscribers???
Even me??
oh it's not over ;
Now if only Mitt could find a good psychoanalyst to take care of that internal debate he's having with himself
Hearth day, take care :
tea would be lurvely!
my voice is still kinda gone :p
my mom
Technology is anything that was invented after you were born Alan Kay
I'll endorse it
agree.
Didn't even pay attention.
Check out the Jerry Seinfeld Acura one when it comes on.
10x's better
Smart Tip!
RT Ambal: Key questions to ask about your Conversation Marketing.
How do you respond to feedback?
I hardly make it through the previews with mine and then wonder what happened
The only bad part about living so close to work is that I have no excuse to not show up when there is 6 inches of snow on the ground.
90 degrees today.
Should I head to the beach?
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
Dale Carnegie
my bad babe
Like this if you own an IPhone, IPod, or IPad.
Thank You Steve Jobs, you will be missed!
yup!
This was nice because it was before they turned on the music for the position players, and few others were around
Watching Hugo.
Why does everyone in Paris speak English?
And with British accents?
you know there's an Allen Reed working in Arkansas?
Holy doppelganger name, Batman!
HAPPY HALLOWEEN MAKE SURE U GUYS COME TO THE PARTY 2NIGHT!!!!
Off to SF.
Anyone else crazy enough to attend both AFP and NTEN?
Bring on the Washington Wizards!...or not...
YouGetPointsIf you like the same tv series as me and we can argue about what happens in them together
what's up wit u go on mto and listen to Rayj he's a goon now LOL
Faces Plus Hair Int'l 6320 Winchester Road
yep as usual
Springsteen is on Fallon wearing a leather jacket that apparently belonged to Emmanuel Lewis.
Little tight on the arms and shoulders, boss.
M pancakes :
I just learned that before my mother had my brother,josh, she had a bird named josh...wut?
Ha, I wish.
This is the second time  I went for a few weeks last year.
If only being a vagabond paid...
Umm excuse me, follow back please.
Ugh sore for Two Days!!
I need the gym!
.
Today was very productive!
w/ mad frog in cincy thur night!!!
Can't wait, gonna be one to remember!!!!
and on my Chrome MBP, the animation is way less smooth than most previous doodles.
I wish!!!
Thatd be easy money..
well johnny just retaliated away boston's opp at a comeback here ton, but they definitely looked like the better team after tampa's 3 goals.
Looking like fools while eating at mcalisters.
Happy Mother's Day  FF to these fab moms!
New Phila boys win on Colombo free throws, 6159  New Philadelphia Times Reporter New Phila boys win on Colombo free throws, 6159 New P
tour got cancelled.
so whenever i catch a moment.
ahaha shit, YOU CAN'T SEE IT, IT'S A TINY BBQ DAWG....left it at werrrrk,
I want to visit DC again
FF and  they make sure we're never thirsty.
Creativity is putting your imagination to work.
Should be at the center of education.
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.23
Thanks for the super star Saturday!
Hope you have a creative week
If you don't give the kids room to wiggle then they'll break; and that's bad.
National Margarita Day is February 22.
Most popular cocktail in the United States.
Each hour, Americans consume 185,000 margaritas.
Show tomorrow at the Mint in LA with The Memorials we go on at 8:00 ....
Lets GO HOGS beat.Vandy!!
Go Hard 4 CHRIST!!
is sourcing tomatoes for...Gazpacho, Bloody Mary Soup, Sundoctored Tomato Chowder, Roasted Tomato Soup, Tomato Bisque  3Tomato Pasta Soup.
I wish you said stabbing people for money downtown :/
There're lots of sociologists on twitter.
Plenty to keep you in the game.
:
Thanks for the tips Mari, even learned a few things!
Wanted to say hi but you were busy.
Look forward to partnering!
Happy hump day
certainly!
all the best to the new enterprise!
: I WILL be seeing on Friday!
cannotwait  going to be fun!!
hashtag your post with scriptchat...lots of cool screenwriters will be found!
:0
The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins.
Dave Barry
LAStageTalks Anything off limits?
Steven
We love 60 weather in January.
Can't wait for Spring!
Good ol' straightforward rock and roll
I might watch that.
I might watch some of the divisional games from this year.
i would like to try tart cherry juice
It was pretty intense.
lots of sippin and partying.
:
what about him?
;
i love watching Japanese cooking showsi never knw half the stuff they use but i make it uplike oh thats pistachio creamer  nutmeg i think
Hope everyone had a great weekend filled with lots  lots of music and leftover thanksgiving food :
I take it u have a BB?
;P
.
We hope to get the information about the hotel up soon on the website.
And yes, please share rooms!
OF COURSE I want to meet George Clooney, !
tweet tweet
If loan debt is forgiven after 10 yrs of public service, what's the incentive to make more than min payments until that 10th yr?
Or used taxpayers dollars to get birth control like or decided to live an alternate lifestyle like !
Paleo paleo while traveling is tough!
I brought some homemade bars with egg protein and a few paleo snack bags made with nuts and jerky.
At Bar 82 mystery Edgar week reading.
Room packed and electrified for a thrilling evening
Sorry Chuck.
I feel out of practice.
THAT'S what I'm talkin' bout!
More real fans!
RT may have to get the nfl package.
Yes.
Ended up doing factory reset and abandoning ADW Launcher EX which seemed to cause lag/failures in camera app.
It's been so nice and cool in Atlanta can't be thankful enough
Thanks Jason!
We just went to Edibles last Friday for the first time!
I can't wait to go back!
Time for some chezzie pizza and cold cold beer, and my hot wife
Ask other customers if they have any Grey Poupon
Just waded chest deep into a blog post about the lighting fixtures at the Magic Kingdom.
O, Little Town of Bethlehem  I grew up near there
Good morning, Bob!
Ladies and Gentlemen, you've been a lovely crowd.
This will be my final tweet.
hell yeah!!
Double double w/ choc shake baby!!

I suppose the other early knowledge of them would be Goodbye Goodbye from Fast Times.
Great song  placement in the movie.
yo you gotta make it a mp3 first, the audacity file wont work
Good to see you back man, I hope all is well buddy!
I sent you some emails too a few months ago
he can doctorve forward....just can't escape the pack.....
Is anyone watching the Tour of Flanders on Sunday?
Good luck to and !
ya right bro
SOME CALL IT LIQUID SUNSHINE
7:15!!!!
Did anyone fall in the lake yet?
When I say u have to have a soft hear for God and his plans...
I.just came up 2x's Yes!
YES.
i feel as if i should have a twitter acct set up for them already
haiku: Can't pitch like Nolan, Ventura might rush the mound, noogies mean touching
Many thanks to the dedicated professorssionals and leaders in Columbia, MO.
Had an inspiring three days doing 9 workshops for 1086 people.
I'm overthemoon to be part of this IndependentFilm and marvelous collaboration with Casey Clark  Kit Redding.
Follow us
Chocolate is good for you!
I had a doctoram about Miss Allen last night...
fakepeople speak to u on the street,but not at work
Was hoping things would get back to normal after this weekend, but no
Spread the word...only SIX days remain until registration prices increase by 15.
Invite your friends  family to join you!
Join us today in the Learning Commons at 2pm for the grand opening ceremony for the new Hamill Foundation Media Studio!
RT repeat after me: networks don't destroy power, they reconfigure it
There are easier ways to save your snacks.
you know its gonna be a bad day when you takes you a half hourjust to get out of bed because u hurt so bad
i want to ask my few followers for a little help if any help me it'd be most appreciated
Universal truth: We are ALL in sales.
Is there someplace I can read about your Jumpstart experience?
RTIf life gives u lemons,make lemonade.
Then use the professorts to buy an assault rifle.
See if life makes the same mistake twice.Love this.
when u coming to Memphis?!
I need to show my Lupe Love!!!
Jack Bauer does more in a day than I do in an entire month
my plans for today are ruined
And your cry baby whinyassed opinion would be...?
Edited my review of Wildflowers from Winter Hope everyone likes!

We hope you will be able to tomorrow.
We had a security issue  staff have been working to resolve it.
sorry for the delay!
gute nacht.
and don't let the bed bugs bacht?
thanks for the follow!
No wonder you puked your guts up.
A GREAT decision if you ask us!
RT I'm going to UPA2012.
That's my big decision of the week.
It is simply impossible, nothing is impossible
There was a point in time when ppl thought that movies wld fall out of style.
On the road to Nashville to play 's Splendid Ice Cream and Rock Cafe!!
RT ''Better late than never,but never late is better they tell me time is money, well we'll spend it together''
Ultimately, no one will defend the Jews if the Jews do not protect themselves.
This is the cardinal rule.
sorry....
Will let you know when we find a good vegan one too.
funny because this song has been stuck in my head all morning.
See you guys Saturday !
Apparently I awoke last night, whispered in 's ear and fell back asleep.
My tender words?
You smell like popcorn.
Anyone wanna give me a shoutout???:
I'm the dirty cherub in the back of the celestial ballroom crisscrossing with the angels.
Aaaahllelujah.
For the record, I owe a HUGE apology.l Notre Dame got the last word.
I'm 2 cups of coffee  a shot of espresso in  it's not yet noon...
Can't stand him.
Wish Harden would retaliate tonight.
But he won't, because he's not on Artest's disgusting level.
hey, sorry I missed the awards.
How was it?
Miss you, we need a coffee..
The far left has lost the intellectual battle on many issues so they fight below the belt  alinsky tactics
Happy Monday actors!
Yay!
I've been waiting for this, I hope it doesn't happen when I'm commuting home.
Early SupernaturalParty tonight.
oh awkward I'm a black belt...
CantTouchThis 
lol can't wait to see you tonight Alyssa!!!!
who has tattoos
me!
I'm sick...
It sucks.
There is only one happiness in life  to love and to be loved  George Sand.
If Kentucky beats Ohio St in the final game, I will be hosting a three day rager festival in honor of illegal gambling.
I love it!
Hope you're having a wonderful time moo lots of love from across the pond!
Photos are wonderful!
Addicted to EggCheeseMuffin, always makes my morning...
:'
Yup.
I'll feed you at both ends.
Today in South Sidethe Slippery Rock Cheesesteak, with beer cheese and a wasabi radish mayo!
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within the reach of every hand.
And on that note I think it's time to try and meditate...
else I'll never sleep!
This mind of mine would never shut down if it had its way!
was cheating RT : how r u NOT the major at The Place???
yeah my favorite episode is 6 well there all good but i like it because thats when Kohta is just sniping like crazy haha
Hey hey I had a great 1st day of 6th grade hm .........
Very interesting to be in middle school
I've heard of FamilyBee and AGeneDB, but my phone is still too dumb to use either.
How do you like your doctorid?
Do you regret it yet?
Thanks for the RT support!
That Was Right On Time!
: a good pbl idea kids create product, cook  make it, advertise it, sell it, compute cost/professort.
itconf11.
Ill buy!
If i die young, don't cry.
I promise I'll be in a better place.
So u r innocent if your parents have political pull?
george zimmerman justice for trayvon martin
Clutch bunting by
We're out of chocolate.
Lots of outcry today over SOPA  PIPA.
Are you protesting the proposed legislature?
Talking at customers will no longer work, marketers can't just talk, must listen
mister Rickles, is that an English bulldog?
They are very technologically savvy.
Meet Kevin Weston from Baltimore's own Gutierrez Studios TOMORROW 6 pm at the Windup Space.
Learn about his work with metals.
FREE event!
DontGo in the street, DontGo in the backyards of people you don't know, don't bring glass onto Mifflin Street
dude I couldn't message you back bc it said u weren't following me 
i'm the kind that makes his girl watch cheesy romantic movies.
lol smh
Hillebrity in the house!!
Who could it be....
Last day in the office in Hersham, hopefully get out of here at a decent hour, and head into London.
Thank you
men amen amen amen the best crews eva
Just lost a flip AKJJ...
I'm crippled...
Boo...
TONIGHT: 2011 Academy Awards  February 27 at 8pm ET/5pm PT on ABC.
Let us know your vote for best picture..
i hope you have a great day today !!!!
RT : tell me about it  these mf's trying make me wrk 20 hrs n not have the next day smh
Check us out in the OREGONIAN business section 2day!!!
Proud 2 be reppin' radical woman owned small biz.
Thank u
Going to give Axure a try.
I need a better tool for dev'ing sitemaps and wireframes.
Is it good/bad?
Other suggestions?
robert Redford
Weird tweet from Deion: : Pray for me and my kids now!
They just witnessed their mother and a friend jump me in my room....
U now what i jus now noticed the reason y nobody talks to me any more is becuz i dont talk bout the iconicboyz 24/7 not hating jus Saying
.
I think the Pacers sponsors, particularly CNO/Bankers Life, would beg to differ.
Metta World PEACE!
Get on the floor
Symantec Adds 4 Tools To Mobility Management Suite
Merry Christmas Everyone!
RT : It's HERE!
Art From the Heartland Opening is TONIGHT from 6  8!
Amazing contemporary art and FREE to the public!
Not all dat time, but yea u rite
Its on like Donkey Kong fool!
and nah but ill be down there saturday night for sure this time haha
Ay man!
I'm feelin the music!
Keep it up!
Us young ones gotta keep the movement going!
Well, that's the way it should be for most people but that doesn't meant that's going on.
Grt idea.
Hope ppl go!
MT : Today 1012, Lrng thru the Museum, a special workshop for parents/educatorsfree!...
Who would have thought signing a 15pg contract could feel so good?!
Somehow the fact that Switzerland has samesex civil unions didn't keep the Bachmanns from accepting citizenship there.
I really love
Does the Thunder have an all no tattoo team?
FOLLOWED..FOLLOW BACK..
Dude, I told me friends about you from the TV show Breaking from above, I was like there is a cool new chick, hope she wins
Got to red my pretty penny tonight and bum the grizz game and milkshakes off val and jeff tonight.
this paper is done.
and is currently being edited, and if i get a c i will be happy.
donezo lets rage
In bed with this pillow up under my chin ..just tweeting for the hell of it

trying 10 new things per months is a must  not including testing the red v.
green button
To my North Dakota friends...
will be friendly again in about 3 hours.
For now, suck it.

S/o to all da angels
FIRST LOVE: The person you think you want to spend the rest of your life with until you find yourself married to them.
Don't try getting me involved into your stupid, middle school bull shit.
I'm too old for all that.
Maybe no one else had power either so they couldn't tend to your dieing needs of boredom?
Any locals wanna do their own headliner show?
Where should I take my grandma for dinner tonight?
She's hipper than I am.
DontDoubleMyRate why would you punish people trying to make their lives better???
i understand now,so whatcha been up to?.
Matter Of Fact GEE Come Down Here So I Can Tell Uu.
what happen
work harder on your self than you do your job!
sounds sick , keep me updated man
I love how ghetto twitter is..
with the exception of glitter logos it's myspace all over again.
Check out the trending topics.
Dear College Students: Knowledge is power, and power corrupts.
So study hard and be evil.
omg, I had the same problem on Tuesday.
So.
Much.
Soy/nut milk!
Almost left without finding the organic milk for the kid.
day three in mount kisco with no power and no answers from con Ed.
Haven't seen a crew in town at all.
Just found on YouTube and I've been watching vids for the past hour.
A note to remember was classes which have conceptual thinking and classes which apply laws are opposite ends of the spectrum gamut
All projects scheduled for this week and only this week receive an 100 off coupon electronically through email
It seems that way, doesn't it?
The Excessive Celebration Foul aka the only way you can get your man or lady to dance.
You do want you gotta do to get the shot.
Go Team!
ifollow but no he does not notice me so please can u help me?
wuddup R rated
GRANDIOSE SIMPLICITY!!
not huge,but enough to really appreciate his contributions to dance and music
I dont know anyone like that, but the world is a peculiar place!
:!
Just want to say that actor and comedian is an awesome guy!
Go see Dave Cool do what he does best stand up comedy
Your boys are so cute Margaret!
Hope you're enjoying your Easter!
When it comes to math...
It feels like the longest period of my life!!!
Serious question time.
Have any of y'all heard about folks using Monistat cream to grow the hair on their head?
Hye ?
What are u doing rite now ?
X x :D
SMH ..
The Day I have to get back on Social Media Creep Book pulls this ..
checks pulse, not in purgatory so this must be Hell!!
Sweet!
Yeah, sounds like there will be a few going from Seattle for sure.
It'll help in the madness.
I'm watching that episode too!
I would totally subscribe if it still existed.
Happy Birthday!!!!
Yes!
See you there?
yeah man!
Glad to hear it!
Did you try the new Heaven  Hell menu?
hahaha!
Thanks Bethany and Victoria!!!
U guys are awesome!!!!!....u 2 stewart lol :
what's the prize gonna be
where the fuck are you guys?!?!?
another day of school.
here we go.
Randy Foye watched JaVale McGee highlights before the game tonight
I'll take it!
where's my brother :
Go cry to the uber rich and let them figure out this mess.
They will not help.
They are greedy and don't give a flying fuck too.
Alright im working on one!
Thanks for following us!
Check out our partner
Batman movie and the Avengers movie came out the same weekend and you could only see one, which would you see?
resting after an early morning with a hot cup of coffee i'm feeling very blonde
lol thats the nasty part he was when he saw the lady pinchin his weewee lmao 
tell your friends to follow  we're here for all your piercing and tattoo needs on capitol hill!

KIDSPEOPLE.
PEOPLE HAVE NEEDS.
ATTACHMENT PARENTING FTW!
HULK GROUNDED AND WELLRESTED.
HULK BABY OUTGOING AND JOYFUL.
Happy April Fools Day!
Thank you to everyone who made it out to Relay despite the rain!
Quill: a film about the life of an adorable guide dog.
If you ask me if I love you, I'd lie..
The cutest thing when you have two little girls plan a whole party for you!
Had a treasure hunt, cake, and now a dance party!
I am the Original and the Sequel, Which One came first though.
Me or My Ego?
RT : Inform  Activity, Inspire  Interactivity, Engage  Returns
my guess is that the first time is the worstas long as you keep it up!
Ready for a day of Singapore math training!
I started watching Doomsday Preppers to create my own map of where all the poorly defended food will be.
Great day of teaching Intro to GIS for Fire Service at the Burlington Township Fire Academy.
The relationship between and is the sweetest thing.
I hope I have that later in life.
KhloeAndLamar 3
People are getting pretty crazy about the Tui Na, yo.
I have had some luck with PLS4 by combining with an obstacle course when attention begins to wane.
lol you funny..YOU were supposed to call me back tho
The sun goes down the sun comes up.
The rule hasn't been changedYET!
MHSAA is sending a proposal to schools to vote by 5/31.
Thx for yr support!
LetEmPlay.us
I think I could probably get you there!
UnLearning after we think we know it all, maybe the key to your breakthrough and success!
it actually worked really well
What does this mean?!?!?
I'm FREAKING out!!!
RT Hello everyone: I'm a packer for life.
It will never change.
Go Pack Go!!!!
GOOD!
RT : To what extent sm can help museums being perceived as more than a destination?
I am going to miss the mj morning show very much.
You guys are one of a kind!
Peace!
March 4 is South First Friday!
Come on by ...
museums and galleries are open until late  and FREE!
the water is too cold!
DM?
If you're following...
You look great!
I hope you feel great.
I am not quite at my comfort level yet.
But I will be at some point.
I hope.....
Shout out to ....Keep up the great work!
Cute guys with ratchet females 
wonder if the final process of comp prep anxiety is total calmness and complete apathy.
You could...Believe me haha.
He tried to say he has kids my age hes wise lol.
Congrats hes a dad, doesnt mean he knows wtf hes
Just met with Connie Duckworth of Until people can feed their kids they can't see a future or strive for peace.
Stimulating.
Watching Season 2 of Sherlock tonight!
Rain doctorps are falling on my head :!
Workouts today all day in the gym
Tell 'em Faust!
is the broadway musical version of doctor Faustus.
They just needed more punch to the name.
President Obama has a pretty nice singing voice.
why are you so pretty!?
xoxo
Ultima Ratio  Final sanction
The game ain't over until the Lehigh cheerleader sings
Morning, So On,,,,, lets Smile.
your very beautiful..
nfb
RT : Willard Romney has lots of good friends who are grits owners./ Actually, friends own the Co.
that makes them damn grits!
15 minutes 'til kickoff vs The Fighting Illini!
See you at and for Badger gameday specials!
You betcha!
Not only a great executive officer, but a great spokesperson for Sac State, too.
HAPPY 2012!
We have more work to do  lets make it great!
Now checking out , an analytics/dashboard/mgmt tool for Google Apps for Education, apparently an 18kstudent market.
No more.
I'm tired of letting life run me.
I'm going
Wow the rough doctorft for my algebra project is due tomorrow and I'm the only one doing the work but I was sick so I don't have anything done
awesome!
i like it so far, although i'm only in the first chapter.
Ps.
I applied for a job today out in LA!
is going to have a big game tonight
Thanks so much!
Happy to be here.
yeah.
it was a big trip from here to new york then canada then washington dc  then back.
voting today...fragile hope.
Attn: Strategists, developers  decision makers in government and business alike  pay attention to the artists among you.
even before opening this picture, I knew it was of your car...hahaha I must know you too well
it'll be okay.
Orange juice is only half as good as orange soda.
Softball champions of the world.
Get up delt!!
love you too Ashley!
YOU WILL BE HERE IN 3 WEEKS.
Colbert canceled his shows the rest of the week, I hope all is well, I'll miss my daily dose of Colbert.
He's just perfecting his Santorum.
Lit it up tonight!
I saw you tonight for like 1sec 
It's like asks us a question and he gives us like 20 mins and we trend every possible song!
Yeah man!
;
House Rules quickly passes rule for the CR.
Rule debate should begin on House floor soon
I will :D
yea let's jump son and murk him
This Wed eve, we're screening Green Fire!
GF docs legendary environmentalist AldoLeopold and how he shaped the modern green movement.
Yes!
Is like 1.38 some shit like that!
I'll go look again just to make sure.
But it's called My Brush right?
I'm also waiting on a mag stir plate, so hopefully that gets here in time to get my starter going.
day raged yesterday  feeling like shit today
Finally, nap time...please let traffic not be a bitch today!
cookingtip The smoke point is the temp at which oil begins to smoke.
Use high smoke point oils such as peanut for sauteing  panfrying
Keep an ongoing todo list with you so you can keep track of what you need to do today, this week, this month or even this year!
I know my peers are playing the RFP game, and conventional wisdom says I need to as well, if I hope to compete.
Conventional wisdom isn't.
fel  fukc everybody life .
lol i think i just made it up .
Anyone getting into NOLA around 2pm on Wednesday and want to share a cab to the hotel?
Let me know if you can come catch THE SUGAR BEAN SISTERS at the Little Fish Theatre in San Pedoctor.
Would love you to see the show!
I was planning on working things out too.
O'well.
yayyyy!
Can't wait!!
Dm me your number  I'll text u deets!
Holy hell doctorw Something is crack.
Good luck.
Great Easter service tonight Really enjoyed the 1500 yr old high Easter Vigil Service.
Have you ever had a massage with a happy ending?
Better hope the woman looks goods and aint got nun you don't expect.
xD
You did wonders with what you were given  I commend you for taking such a challenging task!
re: Magic/Bird Broadway
So, if a little doctorne helicopter flies into the airspace immediately above my yard, am I allowed to shoot it down?
thats not good.
Hold ya head up
Happy Birthday!
Give them all wah wahs too, then you'll have some hits
NFAIS Incoming freshmen saying citation management are important tools more than seniors.
Obviously nice to hear for me.
Packing for Miami....
I still think girls should be allowed a separate bag allowance for shoes...
sigh...
I havent spoken to my babe all day  yup .
Bouta text him .
:
Tell me you are kidding me!!!
WTF?!?
Singing I got somethin' on my shoulder...just waiting for you...
nowfollowing my awesome sauce baby brother  love this guy!!
You could look at aspects of the Industrial Revolution  there could be many primary docs to use
Saw so many tweets about 21 Jump Street, I went and saw it.
Almost pissed my pants from laughing so hard throughout the whole thing.
It's cute how excited Cubs fans get when they take one game out of a series.
Good margarita at Ceviche indoor bar.
It's a whole half hour til dinner.,.
probably but my guess is you'll have to throw in a hot dog.
Sold out for the day!
We'll be back tomorrow with more slow smoked BBQ!
Thanks for the RT!
doctor Benjamin: Health is about external  internal stressors.
Too many assumptions still made by race, gender, sexual orientation...
I love having a high metabolism.
Out tux hunting for Kyle's
Not gonna be working with Ricoh from here on out?
I LIKE DUCKS.
IM DELUSIONAL.
Night.
:
fuck the world dont ask me for shit everything u get u got to work hard for it
If you like history then you should read, Killing Lincoln, by Bill O'Reilly.
Its GREAT!
They are so beautiful!
: Great work!
I wish I could have a garden like that, I kill EVERYTHING even plastic plants lol
RT : I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success.
Jack Welch
50 off all day all cloths at Cape Surf check out facebook.com/capesurf
Went to my nephews football game this afternoon...he scored two touchdowns, then got hurt...now waiting for waiting for what the Doc says.
In Vegas getting readt for next months pool pary.
I will keep you well informed.
i LOVE cheyenne!!!
loved her since 06, i really wanna meet her!
One more week till my 18th birthday I'm almost
A Portland man finally tracked down a rare bike stolen from his store 2 yrs ago.
But the thief is still on the loose!The story 6p
i think i resolved one of my pieces yesterday.
we'll see how it looks!
can I reply twice?
already did.
Presents arrived yesterday.
Love the swag!
Thanks Fox!
well just remember, Corbin weighed around 150 his first competition.
Some guys are bigger than others,
Send a bit to Fort Worth and Granbury, please!
Yards are already screaming for moisture.
Happy Moms Day more exceptional Moms
Siting...woman on morning jog doctorssed up as a bumble bee..full on bumblebee.
Hoping Halloween costume.
had quite the spring in her step, too
Mordecais on Main in Springfield KY tonight 9391230.
Come hang out with usBH
I am annoyed from head to toe.
Finally watched breaking bad tonight, SEMISPOILER ALERT....that murder was some repugnant shit
Dude this bogus to say.
But I hope his money dnt come thru.
So I can buy the truck.
Man I'm ready.
Please lord please Ineed my own ride lol
I noticed a higher level of crankiness among people last week.
Think it was lack of sun.
Can we ask you for some support when we come through Chicago!
We return favors!!
:
LOL...
a tank...
hard to take that as a compliment.
Mom must be a tanker then.
is at the IT Policy Cmte mtg this morning.
It's a full house...
at 8am on Good Friday!
Scraping up some change, but along came a dime.
i'll check out your site soon.
thanks for contacting us.
I think  isn't the strongest sign of a qualified candidate but am interested here what missteps you've seen.
If you knew that in some states a contractor could foreclose on your home if you failed to pay him, you would be more careful hiring, right?
Props to Miffliners for including the Pinata in your celebration.
I'm sure the MexicanAmericans in Madison appreciate it.
Thanks for the 4 am wake up call asshole.
Is that the best you got?
Hail to
you need to add me on facebook so I can answer the questions!
:
School in 6days :p
Im not tweefing Im educating ur ignorant ass.
I can tell u came straight from fb.
Im a teenager btw but whatever Im done.
I will send more then one.
I have to keep it somewhat clean on my FB page b/c I have commercial clients on there also.
LOVE finding money in my pocket
Heading to Newbury to visit a customer
: sittin at my piano trying to make something pretty...
i can't believe this is work.
fb
RT RT If u're old enuf to remember using ur finger or a pencil to rewind a loose cassette tape
Uptown Browns Baseball squad steps up today with big 144 win over the Cubs.
Great team effort.
Vote for me in mid day for president!!!
The chilli cheese fries I had earlier from the philly cheese steak place were da bom !!!
RT : RT The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance.
...
Appearance orientation and gender role orientation combined predicted greater variance in general selfefficacy
very well, thanks!
Behind on Xmas, but nothing new there :
Biden knows he's on TV, right?
R u checking your DMs?
We won't announce the winner to our GreysBenefit Sweeps until eligibility is confirmed.
Thank you all for your RTs!
Happy Birthday Mister  hope you have a fabulous day!!
The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved
After more than half a century, Jerry Lewis has ended his run as national chairman of the Muscular Dystrophy Association.
Just like a shoe, if someone is meant for you, they will just fit perfectly: no forcing, no struggling, and no pain.
That's a really cute picture of you!!!!
Jon gruden is awesome and completely spot on about Russell wilson
Angry Mother Warning for Johnson Co, KS, has been canceled.
Mom has been safely returned to KC, MO.
Sorry for invading that HS soccer match.
just kidding.
Follow me
wonders why bras and batteries come in the same sizes.
Yes!
I would love to hear it!
Cant wait to hear their new stuff!
Im so glad Wanted You More is their next single!
Phil Hughes punches out the first batter as the Bleachers go quiet when Jayson Nix is chanted.
No Jeter at short.
Curveball!
I am the mac cheese of all xheeses and you can't stop me
Sportin my Letang Jersey in honor of hockeyweekendinamerica pens :
I covered the daytime rally  march in SF.
Peaceful  colorful.
Tweeted lots of pix.
1st time since Dec.
Good to be back.
Stef, marriage is between 1 man and 1 woman.
Its what I believe.
around 8 I think!
If you were here we'd laugh about their vacant stares but right now my time is theirs...
Thanks so much for the FF and the kind words :
Rob you're even cooler than Steff says.
Hey Canada!
What are you looking forward to the most this LongWeekend?!
Cottage Fishing Fireworks Camping SleepingIn ??
it's a relative of Scotch and Manchester egg.
Had it at a private house, more deets as they come available.
Have a marvelous day girls: xo
I think shy girls are more easy to get along with than loud girls.
lol
Who needs more food for the Superbowl?
We do carryout at !
4144311119
lebron is facing the cleveland music  it is a symphony
Hide!
Can you imagine!
All eyes were on us!
I pray I never do that to my kids!
Now I can only laugh it off!God Bless my parents!
Thanks, Nicole!
RT : awesome group!
RT : Looking for inspiration?
is the place to get it this...
just what the world needs now is another digest
And my birthday is next week Wednesday!
Kinda excited.
That's it.
I'm done with sharing my random thoughts lol.
and frankly, it shouldn't be black women's responsibility to explain
TGIF...the best four letter word I've used all week.
We have zero openings today  Wednesday has now been filled.
Times still available for Thursday.
Good chance of rain by end of week,
Looking at Chanel Ombres Tissees and Armani Jacquard...would be awesome if a company did a houndstooth pattern.
I'll b taking my son in July..
yeah I knw, it's gonna b hotter than hades then.
I use to live in Jacksonville so I knw
miss keri baby!!!
Wonder what wrong with economy?
Went to store to buy HP printer made in China, pick up paper made in Canada and printer ink made in Korea.
Don't know about you guys, but I'm hitting the pool!
It's a HOT one!
You are most welcome!
I hope you find it useful.
Last night I had a doctoram that j seen a giraffe and then Hailie came over my house and we were best friends.
i will too.
Its a plan.
:
I was referring to the Is there anything worse to watch than blowout NBA basketball?
tweet.
M Bacon!!!
RT : I just discovered the 32oz bottle, and I'm making industrialstrength bacon.
Watch out, world!
KEVIN HART IS A FOO THAT MY NIGGA LOL
Congratulations on your new business Mandy!
You were in good company  32 was related to Madonna
In the words of old ladies everywhere, but esp the NW: bish plz.
Thanks for following me and !
i going to have on all red tomor
Thanks for the review!!
:
This legal system culd suck a nut  say hi 2 the other 1
Catch The Weed Show, next Tuesday, 615 at 8:30 pm, Mackenzie theater, 2907 No Main Street
Sears is a hot place to work if you're a developer who is into UX/UI.
We've got some groundbreaking projects in the works!
NBC: Worst announcers of all time for sports Oh no it's Collinsworth...
RT : Spoiler alert, ladies.
We LOVE it when you give us the silent treatment.
Ind to Dulles to Amsterdam.
Hope the doctorer doctores and the washer washes and the boys take Max out while I am on the road.
Neither am I.
But ACADEMY AWARD WINNING...Now that has a nice ring to it!
YOU A LIE
haha you're the best.
Make sure it's a whiskey one
Hopefully My LA Team Don't Play like this TomorrowIm Talking Bout LaClippers
Court considers legal action against man, it says, skipped out on jury duty.
He's been dead for 5 years.
Story on 7News.
how can u not watch law and order SVU
I work with Steve, and he's one of the best.
Thanks for doing that, Ed
what you mean the back
Sending you a thank you note: Thank you for being.
there.
Whoever you may be, it meant a lot!
I luv u
Running from the police picture that nigga I'm 2 fat I'm fk around have a asthma attackbiggie
RT : If you don't follow , there is a 98.7 chance you don't really love us.
Isweat money nd de bank is ma shower!
That is so awesome!!!!
Congratulations!!!
: Party!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Don't let paper stress ruin your turkey coma
: My neighborhood has: Ice cream trucks, Santa riding on fire truck  Christmas; and fireworks viewable from my backyard!
I want the sun to come out so i can tann .
wish I could!
!
You guys should swing by  pick some up!
Fellow KW peeps, PLZ RT!
Need Chase to call me back re shortsale.
About to lose a deal bc the A.M.
won't communicate.
HELP!
ThingsThatINeed BRIAN BOYLE 
Haha, I turned my auto correct off.
lol.
hi Nicole!
Do you still remember our daughter Yvette, from Roberts Elementary days?!
Lovely to see you, all grown up :
Reached longterm deal with partnered merchants this week.
In terms continuing with social media campaign through 2012.
Pepsi cola is made out of people!
Thanks Sis Come Party With Me This Weekend!!
I got your pictures for you with my sneaky skill
Ha, thanks.
Don't expect you to read all 9,000 words haha.
you should double check with your local :
That's mind boggling!
Very cool.
Pls tell Janice Huff she looks very chic this morning!
Love the red top  fun belt!
Ppl fucking kill me.
This is why ppl don't make plans cuz no one nos how to stick to it.
IfSheCant take no dick  ima get bored with the pussy
my point exactly!
Do it big.
Weather apps are awful now w/ pics.
Rain chances are pretty small everyday but the pic makes it look like it will rain all day
Hardin could start on this team  safety as big of a concern as tackle.
he's a special teamer
sorry for late reply and because i think i just lost one of my friends
Reporting for duty!!!!!
She's Super Talented!!!
How could I ever doubt?
Welcome to the fam!
Everyone say hi to MT Of course it's USF of Fort Wayne!
:
Well.
Get a good night's rest : 
Ruth Riley is good.
Kind of reminds me of in a tank top.
Sam Riggs definitely a great up and coming country artist.
What are you doing for the big Bulls vs.
Heat game tonight??
Happy, Happy Birthday to you!!!
My knee still hurts.
Really...
sorry i actually think its www.testourkids.com
well, you only get 140 characters..
blasphemy!
They really should have listed you!!
Can I complain for a second?
Health insurance sucks.
Especially since I have to pay for it myself.
Stupid deductible.
Big meeting tonight!
deal with it.
Pollan's breakfast: eggs, homemade bread, oatmeal.
People who take supplements tend to have healthier lifestyles which makes the difference.
contest prize going to someone who projected davis with 30 pts!
wow Davis with 18pts already!
Cats are MONSTAS tonight
Justin Bieber went straight sexy on them with boyfriend.
Not gonna lie, that is one fresh track.
He killed it.
Kobe could have got a better shot then that, he was in Los Angeles for that one.

You feel me Jclop!!!
No excuses!!!
I'm scrapin, and still have time for the cut!!!
Your country?
Not our country?
Sorry for the confusion.
Disregard last tweet.
Yes, the problem is still there
I appreciate the follow!
How long has Lawrence Blake Group been around?
It's hard to be nostalgic when you can't remember anything.
chloroform is not medication wtf
Suck it.
Sounded like the National Guard showed up to Bay View about 4 hours late for the reenactment
thanks  hope you had a great weekend
Reading  introvertini.
Straight up.
New York Times Manga Best Seller List, March 2531
1 of the kids faked my signature on a test she took  did poorly on.
We grounded her off the TV for a week.
The wailing  gnashing of teeth.
Whats been everyones favorite mixtape of the year thus far?
think we're just scratching surface of defensive work on catchers.
F/X gateway into sequencing, tendencies  more.
Sitting by two guys on the plane who are having a very serious conversation about Warhammer.
I've been outnerded!
S/O and happy Alphaversary to !
13 years of letting the light of Alpha shine through and around you.
06!
Wow haven't watched sabres in a while...they suck
Suck my dick c.d.c
hey I never claimed to be the queen of pop culture...
You're welcome!
I love your BlackHotSpots postings, they're really cool.
: WeWontWork if you think its okay to talk about another female in front of me .
!
It maybe that those who do most, doctoram most.
Stephen Butler Leacock
that's wasup, I just paid Flocka 30k to do a show up here.
I'm like I need to get my artist on fa real
at least it's not Smallwood lol
MAP and Sunny, though I guess MAP is for probes
feels not so long ago that we were tweeting with reckless emotion....here's to another season of the same.
Crawford says they called Josh LeRibeus XBOX360 bc he used to weigh 360 pounds.
XBOX lost some weight, he said.
Happy Mothers Day I love you, Mom!
See ya at the cookout :
watching whitney houston videos.
R.I.P truly an angel.
3
That would be awesome.
Shid I Ordered Chronicle Without Tellin My Mama Lbs Imma Just Blame My Cousin
I hate waking up in the middle of the night and not being able to fall asleep again.
WHY?!
THE DICTATOR
Rest In Peace Hannah.
I miss you so much.
I'm so empty.
I was attacked by a squirrel on my way to class.
There are no doovers in life, only dobetters!
So good.
We live in a world where we're punished for being different.
Girly will be working it out hard core tomorrow.
Has Hibachi tonight and I leave for Miami in 8days
Send me tha link for tha song u promoting
it's more offence they only have 17points midway in the 3rd
I had to work but it was cool, now I am off.
RT : My dinner this evening will include slze, pt, btard and some other foods with random pretentious diacritics.
When your music can be clearly understood from yoir headphones about ten feet away, it is timed to get your ears checked.
Well, you can respond to folks directly, just tweet to the universe, retweet stuff...lots of things.
It is all just blab.
Ha.
Cats life saved by local vets, Humane Society
mane watchooo want?
aha, thanks!
I wish!
I was just there a couple weeks ago though.
When is the next Lambda Alum trip?!
My new favorite podcast: 's How Did This Get Made?
Quality discussion about less than quality movies.
Hilarious.
NHL 11 is by far the best, but the wii slapshot is the most fun hockey game ever!
In addition to my last tweet...or the one with the Most Experience
Accommodation Exercises using Math Add Code Words...
When's the next event?
Disappointed I was unable to make it to the last Sunday brunch...
not sob son
I'm setting up tent first week of summer and not leaving.
Working, but can't complain.
What kind of job?
Message me if I can help.
I will be there!
WIll spread the word through the AUC networks  Emory.
Very excited!
Where can I find the info on location?
I could really go for a good trashcloset today.
San diegans need beta too...
Rabble rabble rabble obscure south park reference
You should try and predict the future.
Check out the freak thunder storms!
or Yay Team X won by one million points!
Fuck yeah, Kings win!!!!
Maybe Squanto for rapits a perfect rhyme/percussive name!I know nothing of James C But I loved Cagney and Lacey
So far, no poop but quite a bit of sass.
uence how we see it?
I kinda' have to agree.
when you feel like killin yourself ..
Yahh
We need a walk off homer!
Plan aims to actualize full potential of the center, ramping up programming as well as community/university involvement
OF COURSE THE ARTIST DUDE WINS.
Oh well, he is charming.
Like, really really charming.
you're welcome3 can you follow me back?
:
like where?
I am so in!
If you haven't watched 101things yet, you're really missing out;
is nowhere to be found.
I think I found Nate Dogg instead.
WhitePeopleYouTubeSearches How To Act Like A Dumbass
Get ready to ThunderUp tonight!
vs Dallas watch party at 8:30!!
my btw i made a twitter for it too :P
girl totally just caught me looking at her ass as she walked by me
My little brother is picking his head up at 2months is right or what
Doing a lot of friend deleting on FB and unfollowing on Twitter today, as people have REALLY shown their ignorance this week.
has a random headahce right now, with no idea where it came from..
needstogoawaynow!
Hmm, my newsletter was in my spam folder.
what no mention of the Ramones?
I sure will follow ur second account and Chabuscus loves you too :P
Apologies, everyone!
Our GM accidentally clicked on a spam link.
If you receive a DM from us, it wasn't intentional.
Thanks!
I had very good dentures once.
Some magnificent gold work.
It's the only form of jewelry a man can wear that women fully appreciate.
Christmas is one week away!
What are you reading this week?
Some Jan Brett?
Perhaps a bit of Chris Van Allsburg?
Morning people,,,
Video with tips about search engine optimization and lead conversion
Ill give Scandal a watch if only because I really hope KerryWashington brings some of her SavetheLastDance sass.
that's why I stick to Assclowning as well
Twitter is great for conversation but Facebook doctorves 3x more traffic to site 
Just read this quote  liked it...
Things turn out best for the people who make the best out of the way things turn out.
Art Linkletter
Please come to the expo...it's this weekend!
was surprised to learn that Bob Marley spent the summer of 1969 working at a Chrysler car factory in Wilmington, Delaware.
have fun in 305.
Call me if u need me to bail you out this weekend
We playing a little NSync!
What if the wrorld was run by ninja monkeys?
Oh what a world that would be.....
Cinnamon Roll Pancake
The trouble with talking too fast is you may say something you haven't thought of yet.
We're so glad that you liked it.
Thanks!
You have to be careful who you trust
It was amazing.
We have to go in and try it soon!
I feel ya on that
doctorssed in white?
I like black timbs and black hoodies!
Amen!
: If you harass doctors and patients, but you go to church, you're still a terrorist.
thx for shout out.
THE WEATHER IS SO NICE!!
SO EXCITED FOR SOCCERR:
i'm loving selfemployment!
ok thank u.
Haha!
That sounds like a blast!
Congrats!
For the longest running  best bway, you should have millions of fans!
Watch , they know how to tweet
I think it's common knowledge that Sasha's a Paul's Boutique guy.
Dogs and the mounds of human health concerns
Brendan Rodgers has pied Liverpool saying I'd only be looking to move to a bigger club That's brilliant!!
Great shout
anyone using Google Apps at work?
I'm ready to move a client over.
Much easier than the old Microsoft Exchange system IMO...
The tip probably unscrews
Sunscreen is the word of the day.
Reapply and protect your skin.
Our retreats are a nice cool escape from the crowds this holiday weekend
Ur a bitch...
Trying to hook up my Getty Fellows at comic com.
Who is there already?
Our Battle site was down 6 hrs Tues.
Our 5/31 discount is extended tonight to midnight.
www.battleofatlanta.info June 1718
Is it me or does LeBron want nothing to do with the ball in the 4Q.
Watching Bambi's lots of family are getting ready to get here in a little bit
It was really fun!
I love 's avatar image!
aww...
Thank you!
Shoutout to my TS  Hope you're having a great day!
Bear one another's burdens, and so fulfill the law of Christ.
Galatians 6:2
becauseoffacebook i've made some amazing friends!:
Great opening at 721 Congress!
If you have time in the next 2 months you have got to see the installation here!
Day or night, night is best!
AwesomeService thanks bud.
Glad u came in!!
Meh, this week sucks.
Derrick Rose is a Killer on the Court!!!
Im really mad
It's so good.
I make you think my bed is my work place.
;
oh gosh...who?!
RT : It's digitalArchivesDay!
Go find a Digital Archive and tell it that you love it.
Give it a hug if you like.
RT : PrintChat did you see that got international coverage for their vehicle wrap with QR codes?
il signorelli!
I do like the sound of that.
If one's not careful, they'll have il signorelli to deal with.
Just trying it out.
Loving that the ad I'm looking at right now has 2 Seahawks  a on it!
Someone just sent over a review about me.
Thought you may be interested in checking it out.
Chad Timothy review...
Hates it when men act like kids!!!
Made the right choice.
The seemingly golden logs of goodness were NOT fish sticks, but indeed, they were mozzerellla sticks.
I thought we were all meeting here.
Where are ya'll?
Finally the weekend!
Looking forward to the big game on Saturday!!!
And I had Capri pants.
RT : elvischatter hahaha it's okay.
We've all been there..
hey sexy
TeamSpurs We doctorw a team with no halfcourt offense in the second round?
Call the office today to make an appointment for your FREE consultation.
I LOVE YOU JUSTIN!!!!!!
appreciate it, man.
Not always easy.
tv?
movies?
genre?
Misfits on Hulu if you want action paired with an awesome storyline and awesome characters.
What should I wear to LEDball ?
inspired attire...
She's just so huge that people would also give her an award for philanthropy, best new novel, best director, etc
Want to make the Librarian List relevant for all, not just a flat list.
Heading to OKC
I met this girl on Valentines Day fucked ha in May she found out about April so she chose to March...
that's unreal.
With 6/19 Bingo card get: 10 off select items at Kahului Florist on Bingo days.
3 off your watch battery replacement at Imperial Jewelers.
Oct.
is coming.
Take advantage of our extended summer.
25 off golf lessons now until Oct.
1st '11 notify me 
takes me 10 minutes to get past your nose, you walked in front of my TV and I missed the first half of the heat game
of course i didn't sleep last night there was a buffalo in my home running from window to window to get the best view of th night creatures
Not Like This is cold and wants some soup.
Boehner's tan: turned down to menacing for the special occasion.
You do you  Imma do me c:
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a flat tire.
Yo June 1st bro I'll be there lol just a public reminder !!
Can't beat this winter weather...
max is the man
: RT Thanks for FUCKING NOTHING !
The new songs sounded fucking shit!
Total waste of my time MAL!!!
ur welcome!
The storm cloud creeping over Chicago is a looking intense.
Thunderstorm Please!
HelloSpring, how have you been?
:
Thank you for choosing to follow me!
When 'I don't know, Google it' is my answer for everything  hahah
you should check Kindlegraph and sign also kindle copies :
Great smackoff,Loved it!Brad in Corona is for real.FYI this is Johnny the exterminator in Vegas.Im a night club dj too.lol.war JRIB
Does anyone in the vicinity of this Tweet participate in Follow Friday?
R U coming 2 the 'R U The Voice?' tour?
Second stop is 2MORROW NIGHT, March 30th at 6:00pm at Love Land Church in Ontario, CA.
Join us!
RT
Going shopping for doctorsses this weekend..
Graduation is getting closer :
CAN'T YOU BELIEVE THIS SECRET TRAMPOLINE WE FOUND!?
Jamie from Indiana, thanks for the comment about local authors!
Way to contribute.
Love the sharing out here.
Yeah.
Don't need to buy another camera.
Welcome To Deus Beni Productions, Where Image Is Everything N Perception Defines Reality.
Music Videos, Short Films, Photo's
the Thunder obliterates the Lakers and no mention or thank you?
Thanks for the kudos  the RT!
Scandal !
Right?
I LOVE YOU
Should I make a form spring
editing and revision phase.
not my favorite.
you are a fucking moron....
I from Chicago....Where you from?
I just sent u the pics!!: 
Hello Fellow PRSSA'ers, checking in on behalf of from Miami, FL
Let the editing begin!
But we won't stay away from the public eye!
We've gone fun in store still until we get picked up.
Keep following!
so i wasn't an early adopter this time around  just now saw the new FacebookTimeline.
Not sure I'm a fan...
That moment when your mom tells you to bring her a belt to whoop the hell out of your sibling, those were my
Found you through Looking forward to your tweets!
Sometimes just because you are hot,doesnt mean you can get away with saying stupid things.
I need glasses.
Love Disney SO much and so far loving Disney's managecash session at
That awkward moment when Deena thinks she's a blast in a glass...
20FactsAboutMe if you were even significant in my life and you making your way out of it, I don't respect you
feel like that last RT is attempting to shame prostitutes just a bit.
maybe it's unfair that Tiger has that  but those women worked for it
Get in line?
Long list.
RT : Garber, on MN: It goes on the list of possible expansion now that new NFL stadium approved
So ur hoping to be back on Sat 8?
thanks do much!
Sad I found out the true identity of But when you think about it, it is obvious that it was Joe Biden.
where do I get that style?
I'm like a kid going to bed on xmas eve ...
goodnight new website, will enjoy playing with you tomorrow
oop!
I see you're in TN  and a OH sports fan!
I'm doing courses in NC in April too!
Take care!
Welcome back home Troops!!!
Mahalo President Obama for bringing them home!
Lisa Sun: Are bankers jerks?
They're certainly impatient  take a lot of pride in their work, but that could be a good thing.
Chillin with my buddy
i miss you to :
If you didn't know, now you know.
is not about that life.
1st thing I read this morning, twitter feed.
2nd thing, a feature length script, as a lead character.
I like today, already.
hey Ari, pls, follow too ?
She's so amazing and her tweets is so nice; thx!
Luv u!
Notice my tweet and me3
I got mud up my nose down my shirt and in my pants lmao
That's crazy talk.
Who would bet on a hat?
Frost versions of Gatorade are the best
Favre to the Bears would only make the road to 160 that much sweeter
Hello human!
:D
Version 5 of the Riff Raff...done.
Film Crew aassssssseemmmmbllllleeeee!
hope you had a lovely Friday off!!
For ur convenience, and for all you early birds, starting this Monday, CDM will be open at 6am MF.
I literally doctoramed of all night last night.
woww
Lunch with today!
I'm thinking Thai...
Not sure what you mean that we have nothing to eat.
With 18 restaurants we have a popular mix of options.
I can't understand a word this pastor is saying lol you know how them country ol head be talkin fast as jaxx ...
I wish it was the weekend, cause i really need to be doctornk right now.
Check out KentuckyDerby winner on Twitter  only tip of the iceberg on potential for sports content
lazy bum lol
Joel Bishop: What doctorves engagement?
We don't want to let down our teams.
showing the famous Michigan  Northwestern game from 2000 ...
12 years later, and I'm still shocked that ATrain fumbled.
and...
?
Thanks slowpigmadison for the amazing hog!
Can't wait for the event on October 30th!
He should have slipped away quietly and alone in the victory celebration.
Because that's how Bruce Banner rolls always.
Working the circulation desk solo for 1st time.
All course reserves so far.
Ah, finals week.
Thank you for the weekly FF  always much appreciated and brings a big smile to my face :
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'  Martin Luther King Jr.
Duck and cover!
Our Top academic achievers are off for an afternoon of laser tag and good, healthy fun!
Saw like 6 kids printing out there shit for Government lol
Great to hear!
RT Saw your booth at EarthFest great concept will definitely use!
Oh, I bet!
You'll have a little Leo on your hands when she comes.
She'll know who's boss tho!
RT I wish I were due tomorrow!
Chiefs and Americans headed to OT tied 22 in Game 1 of their WHL playoff series.
Surprised?
Puhahahaha.
Oh really?
NewFeds if you're interested in federal government, take a Fed Docs course.
Valuable as a speciality in public libs too.
catch you on the flip side.
Rocco
Grant writing begs for creative synonyms.
Used abilify for empowered and then remembered: not a real world.
Actually an antidepressant.
aren't u working?
I should leave u alone lol
Thanks Jen!
cabocantina : : I have some great memories out there in LA
endorphins are your friend, slowly becoming a runner
.
Would have to be heart of Grinch: only had room for one 10 sizes too small.
lost my password  changed jobs so can't get to that email.Has my twitter professorle tied to it when tried to create a new acct
also saw a teeny Sawwhet owl at MIA back in March 2009.
Turned out to be a bit of a bad omen.
:
lol yea you started yelling on the phone , but nimco is next :
I had a blast.
Good bye new york....
What a weekend is all i can say
EVERYONE FOLLOW PLEASE!
:MAJD
So far, I think May may be our most active month on the blog, but least active on Twitter...
Hmm...
Could these two things be related?
i already know ...
im slacking
oh my....
Maybe hess...
Busy
raw10 I saw an elderly guy w/ a walker, he felled n the inter.
like others, i tried 2 help, but he was doctornk n pissed hisself.
Nurse!?!
oh on Saturday!
Haha I thought you were talking about Friday and ya prolly somee
It's easy to find someone that fucks you like no other, but it's hard to find someone that will love you like no other!
truth BeSmart
Sometimes you just go to stop talking and do things.
Simple as that.
Feel bad for people wasting time watching baseball.
Love heat v thunder intensity
Happy Easter!
Praise the Lord, Jesus is risen!
Delicious Tea.
Yumm
Won tickets to see on Leno thinking it taped in NYC!
Grrrr.
Who wants to fly me to Burbank to see this woman?!
Excuse me ur a hell of a guy..
You know I really got a thing for american guys...
happy half birthday
Oh crap, dat beach boys through dat years, ewwwww dat dude on dat piano neck got a huge lump in it
I've been sitting here for about 2 hours and I havent started on my project.
Watching the monster ball with my mom : I'm turning her into a monster.
Having a red lipstick day!
Have a fabulous day everyone!!
I think that its really cool!!!
If you need help with lyrics hit me up.
I'm good at that stuff.
The greatest virtues are those which are most useful to other persons.
Further success for MT's Expert Witness team at Planning Committee, helping the client obtain planning permission despite highways concerns
yes I did whatever call me back
Hey Emma, Welcome to Twitter!
Congrats on the website  I love the picture on it.
Oh and I love you!
just got this msg.
thx girlie but i do need some relax time lol
IF IT COMES DOWN ME OR YOU...ITS MOST DEFINITELY GONNA BE ME...
hope you got some sleep last night!
how bout i go to work on u hard
I leave for LA one month from today.
Scariest/best thing I'm going to do for myself.
Why, yes, Ouiser.
I am high.
Arguably the longest day of my life lol goodnight.
Can't express how disappointed i m in the Yankees.
Seeing the shy girl from class hammered dancing on the bar...
Hey, all you people talking about Dane Cook.
He makes a lot of money for a lot of people.
That's why he gets a show funny or no funny.
Thanks!
for a gr8 4SQDAY Party!
Next year will be even better!
totally lol have u seen them in concert!?
Canon makes good cameras.
Good choice.
I'm so pumped for this brewer game.
GOOD MORNING!!!
I have the sexswing great swing...
The stars are aligned!!!
RT : Baseball is back and it's son1's birthday today.
BINGO!
The mobile eval by Intuition is a great idea for all sessions.
I want a guy whos D.T.F  Dedicated.
Trustworthy.
Faithful.
Go Heat!
What a nice day for Blue Bar!
We have cocktails  bites for 5 from 57.
Fancy a Spicy Bulleit?
Bluecoat Cocktail?
We've got you covered.
I didn't know kids did  dealt doctorgs in college til these TCU allegations.
Shit never happens, you guys.
PS check any other school.
Dont like me?
Cool.
I didnt wake up today to impress you.
Get with a credit union.
They are non professort and are not out to suck out your life force.
Ive been with mine since 02 here in NM
Its funny what some people tweet, they don't give two shits.
Let's go, Sweden.
Was just Introduced to the Wobble.
Where did this come from?
When did this happen?
Bodybuilding is much like any other sport
Oh u wanna man n u wont just let me fuck hold that thought as i become famous bet that'll change ur mind
Oh it is ON.
And um...
it's been awhile.
MT : Wait, before 2day when's the last time you won catchphrase?
people should be able to learn about engineering and practical science alongside textual history and literature?
Oh yeah, happy 4/20 ;D
Concert  Slosberg Hall tomorrow night!
NEW FRIENDS/NEW SOUNDS PreConcert Reception at 7PM, Concert at 8pm.
www.dinosaurannex.org.
Thanks for the follow!
Watching yours!
Have you spoken to someone in Financial Aid about covering your senior year.
Let me know.
Want to help.
Watching Freese of the Cardinals hit a 2run shot.
I feel like I'm watching the NLCS all over again :
Big shoutout to triple A!!
Good!
: I hope you know you just might have made my day today!
A good general not only sees the way to victory; he also knows when victory is impossible
What did Evan Turner say that isn't true?
He didn't say they will beat the Bulls he said the Sixers match up with them better than
Hatred paralyzes life; love relieves it.
Hate confuses life; love synchronizes it.
Hate darkens life; love illuminates it.
No but i did spend a stack on supreme shit in a day RT : you ever pay  900 for a pair of lanvin's in high school ?
Who wants to do my dishes?
You!
Okay u!
Twisting at Chili's in Wilmington, Ma.
on Tuesday night from 68 pm.
Kids always eat FREE!
Come in and Visit!
Again, it's double optin for this information to be viewable to a partner
Thanks for the social software RT!
Our 1,000th follower will get a free recording session for themselves or to give to a band/artist...
so tell your friends and repost :
Want to see more birds than youve ever seen before?
Tie a waffle to a helium balloon.
My pony Zippy would want to come Im training him to b a seeing eye pony for me.
He fits DOJ size to enter buildings under regs
can't wait untill bball season starts I know u will do great and good to have you back in ky
is trying via on Twitter to win this this allinone PC by way of winanion on www.nvidia.com/ion
When I facilitate my Ministry  Technology seminar, I always reference  as great example!
That's the suck.
Did they get anything of value?
Switching between CityQPR and UnitedSunderland.
This is epic.
I love when people don't use a real photo on twitter.
Who you hiding from or what are you hiding
NYisFAB!!
Having a blast with !Saw across the street,both on our way to NEXT.Updates to follow!Be on the look out!
Heat goal...Ads now down 20 early in the 2nd.
It seem like its always be this one fresh ass barber in the barber shop
I am looking for a journalist, socialmedia, and video expert who lives in PortAuprince, Haiti.
Can you help?
RT or message
I'm getting reunion notices from Lakewood high school.
I'm half tempted to go.
My name will be Rhonda.
is already blasting rack city
That's awesome.
:P Haha
yeah but preview students mean the food is gonna be good tidy and tomorrow!
because your such a handsome guy :
I like things that are paleo green based smoothies or ways to make bread using alternative grains like almond flour.
Love vitamix!
To my A/V Preservationist friends: Are you preserving in Uncompressed AVI or JPEG 2000 Motion?
I have some you could borrow.
: RT : I feel like I should be wearing leg warmers right now.
why you so bored.
Scripps columnist argues everyone should pay some tax  not that Grover Norquist would be happy.
Moodle is grit platform to org  support surge in 1:1  flipped learning.
Adds elements, inc.
social  supports multimedia
So they responded by tackling/tripping him, and were only called once for it.
I think we should do the play just so Aylena and Ken can kiss...
Happy Thanksgiving from the Los Angeles Public Library, Memorial Branch.
We are closed Friday  open for you on Saturday 10:00 am!
more like Herbie came out, and 3 hours later, everyone was happy!
Herbie gave quite the marathon performance!
u already no fam im 1 phone call away
I love when people make up bs that I supposedly told them in a sales call.
are you into Skrillex?
and I are old and lame and just discovered him.
Thoughts?
I really think Alisha White is going to win ANTM, I should be routing for the America's  not the Brit's but ALISHA got this one!
:
are they definitively not?
I think the digital is new and expenditure will grow over time as conservatism wears down.
Still watching...
Wait!
I have netflix RT : Any Lakers fan still watching this is the definition of a true fan.
Or a masochist
Yaaay!!
Castle was renewed!
RT : RT : Guest speaker visits com363 today for a special lesson on social media!
thevoice way to go for putting your mentor in the forefront.
True professorssional.
The people mover!!
We've heard that even Jesus uses that thing.
EducationLoansUSA.com  nice resources for education loans, school grants, financial aid, scholarships.
Favorite action films with a female lead?
male lead?
are you at CTIAW12 this week?
We are going to be there with cellhelmet.
Would love to meet up for a minute if you have time.
thx for follow kristie, returning the favor, peace 
Anyone who hasnt seen No country for old men its on AMC in 5 min.
Great Movie!
Living your doctoram is optional.
poor is poor/commonality of interests across races is ideal...
I think Billie must be a philosopher.
A deep thinker.
A cat's intellectual, haha :
Just because I don't use professornity every other word, doesn't mean my point is invalid.
Down to go to the gym today anybody want to come and be my gym buddy?
whatcha going to Chicago for?
Don't follow trends follow what's REAL!
This storm makes the perfect night , 3
blah go to the kitchen and cook me something Nina!!!!
:
Already in the Miller Park lot.
Brats and steaks.
High Life and seeds.
Love.
The option doesn't look so dumb now does it?
been following him lol
RT Glass Doctor has recently won the Best of Southwest Florida for the best glass repair and replacement.
Show me a good time.
I will try to have completed copy tonight
Nice a cool with my AC on 
Happy Thanksgiving!
Ever fall UP the stairs?
It's almost as bad as falling down!
Let us install handoctorils so it never happens again.
oh!
you put DatA in a bakini
I'm on the floor, floor.
When is Brian Cashman going to make some moves?
Was going to go out today but fuck it, another day of video games, food and music is just as good
just do it.
Sorry for the bad quality of our video tweets.
I'll repost some.
Who fancies a complimentary seven night stay at Casa Morada?
Like us on Facebook and that could be you!
Basil sprouted!
Picked up Brandywine  Green Zebra tomatoes  a host of herbs from Let's get dirty.
So good.
Thanks, mister Beckett!
Never mistake motion for action.
: FF  thank u so much for spreading the word!
I hate when starts crying because I dont hit him up for a weekend or so.
I know you dont have other friends but cmon
ya, closing 16 units this month, 27 on the books for June.
Market is ok, my marketing  hot..
How R u doin?
What If Im The Real ?
LOL
I'd love to hear your summary of Steve's talk!
ThingsIGottaTeachMySon Pizza: Guys just eat it, while ladies beat themselves up and consume massive quantities of guilt while eating it.
kidding, kids.
: Happy to help.
Good luck with finals!
They don't.
But if they are going to be published by news sites or other journalistic media sources, they need to have ethics
Wher do the uhts chill on mondays
Did you run in LA Marathon and if so what was your time and where did you finish?
I just wanna go to sleep!
stop by METRO and try our kick a chili!
No you can't.
Looking for a little relaxation or maybe some extra motivation...Try our Kratom!!!
i think imma have to take a road trip to little rock ark to see you again..
Thank god i have family out there lol
QoTD: A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it is committing another mistake.
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.
Maya Angelou
On the to shoot Big Roddy's verse for the video with
keep the aha chain going  don't film anyone in the shower while you are there : cc:
In just over an hour, this month's Hillcrest Town Council meeting begins.
Join us at 630pm  Joyce Beers Comm.
Ctr.
it's 11:11 and im making a wish for you to follow me!
Please!:
Not to mention you probably don't own a hollow needle, clamps, right jewelry, or even know how to properly clean it.
Remember the saa11 business mtg.
Vote first, eat after.
Forgot how much work moving was!
Haven't moved in 9 years!
awwwee u followers r the best 3 u guys no homo
There's nothing wrong with having a conversation.
got sick during basketball practice now i feel dizzy
My idol told me not to hate, he told me how to love.
Haters gonna hate, Mahomies gonna love.
Ok guys ChristieOhh!
Will be making her Certified Official debut soon!
Looking forward!
haha!
Those small stats compared to the quantity of articles is absolutely great.
The mystery of the birdless birdfeeder is solved...............They are there alright, until, the smallest cat stalks them to flee!
oh, u gonna start a world war lmao
not much better results however , body language not great in 2nd half
If someone really loves you, they wouldn't let you slip away no matter how hard the situation is.
How are you doin?
Ive been running like crazy!
Hope all is well for the holidays
No idea  we'll have to ask!
Happy Birthday Nick!!!
: can i get a Happy Birthday?!
3
Aww..I know!
Thanks for the RT:
the suspense is killing me!
.
several Securitas Vans roaming downtown.
Taylor Gang or be Lil Waynes dentist.
you're the best.
So glad we met at socialdevcamp.
Enjoy your weekend!
it's not jay wavey stew no more lol
Happy mother's day to all moms!
Raven Symone came out as a lesbian.
My Mama Funny Man She Gone Tell The Lady In Walmart BITCH Move
Happy Mother's Day 3
Very excited to interview Will Allen of this morning!
Find out what he and I actually have in common, coming up on Wake Up!
That would do right by fans.
We'll see what happens.
I wouldn't be shocked if they held one or two for midseason either.
I'm so burnt and I'm loving it.
But I can't believe we have to leave this paradise tomorrow : fuck indy
Among all the other things as well.
:
A kind heart isn't at peace if those they love are in turmoil.
he had some weapons in Denver...how did that turn out.
needs to play
and now its raining...
Would love 2 Joe.
BTW, will b sending the creative brief 2 u folks tomorrow 4 ted e bear hollow.
Regretting my two hour post Austin nap...
Need to get sleepy!
MydoctoramFor2012 Thwart the end of the world thing, save 2013, get famous, act the fool, lose everything, become infamous.
RT  I think the Jacksonville Jaguars should create and join their own league called Legends of the Hidden Temple
HowToGetRejected  you're like a brother/sister to me 
Hey NYC!!
It's beautiful day in the city?
How are you spending the day?
Still need a SQL Server based Data Warehouse Developer for a very exciting internet company in SF
mm sexy and i know it...
best commercial so far...
opengovwest participants: city planners, datahounds, public relations folks, community activists.
Oregon, Washington, BC.
Good Morning!
you should listen to all our ideas and do them
Damien, Sounding great on 'My' bro.
Enjoying your show!
yeah, but they still put her in a fat suit.
Well?
What say you about SYTCD performances?
wad up wit u..
: wat u do today.
well see, the thing about that, nate jones, is that it is.
adjust digital strategy accordingly.
All too often we are giving young people cut flowers when we should be teaching them to grow their own plants
how are things?
We're into the catbelling portion of the introducestandardizedontologies discussion
What about that the weed tho
They look pretty darn good...
People that have no doctorams do their best to ruin yours.
Just keep on looking forward and you will fly on by them.
Watching Pretty In Pink and saw the Lady Gaga hair.Freaked out.3
I find that I have nothing left to give to this day.
Tonight we are playing at the 5 Spot in support of 2 important causes.
We hope you can make it out!
What type of angel investments do you make??
okay dont forget!
3 you too!
Summer we will miss you!
surprised you didn't catch Doc saying No Semin so far
YOU LITERALLY JUST READ MY MIND!
RT I call my mom Mother Broski!!
: Happy Mother's Day!
Wow Nick's car was just stolen, and I was witnessed it!
:0
our new background looks quite Lakerlicious
no!!
thats exactly what you need, two hyper people  ANNOYING
i can already tell this WEEKEND is gonna be the best weekend ever!!!
Yep  on KeePass but there were like 180 logins to fix when I started
lasttweet I was not laughing that time.
you know how much I love chipotle!
...
REALLY??
the real people one??
im gonna make u watch it.
I LOVE this story!!
Can't wait for more!!!:D
My teeth just shivered from imagining myself doing that.
disgusting.
i gotta go now mahomies, it's too late!
goodbye 
amen!
so would Blake Lively and, of course, the equally talented Blake Matthews
This game is KILLING ME!!!!!
Playing outdoor is so much better than indoor and my outdoor team is so much better.
No Scholes in the wind but def giggsy.
20 win.
I'm with the Aggs.
mau, you're spamming my timeline
Sean O'Hair...
it appears early on that you never had a chance Tiger misses winning.
So am I.
RT : Watching Blair Underwood on
OccupyBaltimore check out looking forward to teaching how ows connects to the average college student's life!
People want to be like Bill Gates to be the richest person in the world.
People want to be like Steve Jobs to change the world.
you are in trouble because u are polite?
That seems wrong :
looks like a horse!
I have a pet deer!
a relationship involves 2 not 4 you little whore:
Which state will bravely pave the way by banning gay Sharia law?
I'd advise you to look under your bed late at night if you don't fear it
That's right, nothing
You cant just assume that everything will always be the same because things change, especially people.
Thanks for the follow, Lindsey!
Thanks for the follow!
will there be a glide enhancement on prototype2?
Happy to do it!
Hope the stars are treating you better.
Consider that one adorable robot necklace bought :
Heyyyyo, welcome to the Tweet world :
Getting two 5's today!
Haha yeah right, who am I kidding.
do you need a professorle pic or anything like that?
Vick is inhuman
There's a plan for me
winners being announced at the preconf kickoff event!
WAH I should be in NY right now...
Clouds on the increase tomorrow with a slight chance of showers before 3pm.
High around 70.
I'm at a Rockets game!
This is so fun, I hope they get a home run.
Spent the afternoon checking out the Tim Burton exhibit at LACMA....
it was really crowded but an excellent show
I did a little weaving, a little bombing, if you will, myself.
and it was good.
: Hillary's cooch has a playoff beard.
Gross.
Good morning world.
Back to sleep
forever young, i want to be 3
I have only gotten like 3 followers today..
:
RT : Yams are packed with vitamins  minerals, they are also slowly digested so you stay feeling full longer.
integrating sound and video clips into twitter would be awesome.
one of our students will be on KGW channel 8 around 4pm today talking about her experience with Red Cross babysitting class and SEI, tune in
My boyfriend has ADHD.
dont worry Adam Levine, ur girl is gettin her master's in counseling soon :

all our friends in the DFW area...stay safe.
So excited  expectant about this week!
I'm in Jesus' favor so I stand firm in Him.
He alone is faithful to fulfill His promises for me!
thanks for sharing some of your sunshine!
ESM client Michael Brockers has accepted an invitation to the 2012 NFL doctorft in New York!
Congratulations Mike!
Knocked out wherever.
I don't care about anything anymore.
It's exhausting when your always in da wrong
Apple fans argue that Andoctorid phones are less slick and uglier, and that they junk up the system with lowquality apps.
Go Cards!
Tonight starting at 6:30pm, we'll have live on the telephone.
More music follows with at 8pm.
LG
just did the doctoraded hit the 10 am snooze, then sleep till noon my day is going to be funkay
: not many other situations you could say that!
and now, like so many ny loves, it is DEAD :
pepco needs 4 months timeline if you need power/elec work.
Make realistic timelines for opening a restaurant in dc
This SBS migration is going terribly slow.
We're clearly just on the same wavelength with finding good links on the internet
Hit carpenter in the neck....already been a hit batsmen benches woulda been warned...
I've never laughed so much in my life 
Orlando offically done 4 game sweep
Beavis and ButtHead rocks.
Any progress with Flacco or Rice?
Editing music video, 'Who Do YOu Think You're Foolin' with Jae Feinberg!
I know I'm super late, but thanks!
I actually had a great Saturday!
cupcake breakfast and now a run.
ugh poor planning.
he is always loyal....to the team in 1st place lol
ok ok.
i feel better.
its brutal down there.
where ya stayin, like 11 and diamond.
While you guys watch the crossfits, I do the crossfits.
Good morning.
damn first time trying to get a good grade on a final to pass...
why are social networks so addictive
You mean, the concern that you can't read the book using other ereader?
he just called me gay ...Say what you want to but shawty was bad, lol
So with the rainey addition the steelers now have a rapist, a woman beater, and an aggravated stalker on their roster.
chillin with isaac watching blues cluess:
Rising temperatures are melting more Arctic sea ice every summer.
And warmer conditions make it harder for ice to reform in the winter.
I had that deal last year
i miss you so can i have ur number can i can i have it
that's why we are friends!!!!
Just registered for Magic Live in Las Vegas  August 1114, 2013!
Woohoo!
was lucky not to be rich;he could've been at Cranbrook prep
A2: Advertise through schools and word of mouth
Never thought that I would like someone like you!!!!
Thanks for the tweet, Adam!
wholeheartedly agree.
it's despicable.
wish i could fit Nick the Funky Homosapien as my name.
four letters short 
It's not a bad choice, and of the various American beers I have tried, it is one of the few I can stand...
Volleyball today around 6
email me!
These trees blocking the sun will not let me be great right now
I know!
I feel like I need to watch Cougar Town now.
For you and for Abed.
RT : I am freaking hungry what should i eat.some soul food
And then she gigglesshe's so cute!
Like a Cyndi Lauper/Tori Amos hybrid manicpixiedoctoramgirl before there was such a thing.
never found great BBQ back home but I'm sure it exists.
ARE YOU WATCHING AMERICAN IDOL !?
:O
CHOKE A BITCH c;
so am I to assume 13 will be back then?
Celebrating Easter with my family as well as my church family.
Enjoy the day.
who said that?
600 followers.
3 Thank you guys :D
now this is true lol
it is!!!
Im,hot af dude
Hm....not a bad idea.
I might skip the artichoke though.
Spinach bacon dip in a bread bowl.
Maybe no bread either.
Send me like 100 words about Guetta.
You got my email right?
really?
You would?
:D
Congrats Ryan!
You are the winner of a dozen free Auntie Em cupcakes!!
The fastest reaction is indistinguishable from the slowest prediction.
NIGGA I DO WHAT I WANT
Coffeescript presentation now up at DevIgnition.
Wonder what type of Node.js goodness will be discussed.
Maybe even Zappa?
great game!!!
ROCK CHALK!
they're so good I'm considering taking my lap band for the day to get one...lol
Father in HEAVEN please help me.
THANK YOU.
Awww thank you so much!!
I think you're cute too :
Great!
I will try to attend.
I will be doing the Spirit Rock retreat in July with you and others..looking forward!
This is a really pointless meeting for all mt
and if I can barely run a 7 minute mile that means I can get there in, well, probably 2024.
hey.
Me.
Just in case you forgot
I don't remember exactly, but I think it's sometime in June.
Good luck.
Hope you guys get regular season games only!
at some point you just have to let people figure things out for themselves...
and be patient while they do...
Talent is nurtured in solitude; character is formed in the stormy billows of the world.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Our editor is probably loving that Ben Francisco home run.
gophils we guess?
The new BlueRock website is almost ready to launch!
What would you like to see on it?
So annoyed my dad never answers my calls when I need him to and any other time he is stuck up my asshole lol
Barack needs to fire Feinberg today.
C shareholders have actionable grounds against him and the government NOW
We like to have a broad interpretation of jazz.
Glad you liked it!
RT We are no longer just passive readers.
We have become reporters in our minds 
I am so glad to hear that your ok...keep up the progress:
Just read tht Donald O'Connor had to be hospitalized after filming MakeEmLaugh.
Completely understandable
when you figure out that is following you 
Laying in bed bored watching videos from VEVO :
HAPPY VERLANDER DAY
Love causes pain and joy; even though people keep searching for love not knowing how much pain that love brings.
Hopscotch 2013, remember?
;
why not the Flip HD?
Sharing uploads is the easiest.
I love my Flip.
she's the best .
Put a little lipstick on your next project!
Spice it up with DiamondKote or SoftTouch Coatings.
Stop in ask for samples!
Whatever loser.
lmfaoooo I love you guys
yes doctor.
why reduction..wanting bigger here now breasts as i change more femme
Express Yourself!
Teen Radio is the 1 most listened to program on the Voice America Network around the world.
Youth Voices can be heard.
CISPA passed the house 248 freedom lovers vs 168 freedom haters.
Thank heavens.
I think my computer has four terrorists in it right now
WHAT IS LOVE.
in math, its a problem, in history, its a battle, in science, its a reaction.
but in my heart, its you.
Tyga
Pop growth in Las Vegas is largely a function of Hispanic population growth
Travel with Val: Summer Caribbean getaway deals heat up
Let's not even pretend KJ isn't already in contract negotiations with E!
Disaster, right ahead.
I can't sleep and I have school tomorrow!
Ugh!!!
Help me!
you guys are a couple.
You moved to be with him
Best way to spend a snowy, winter day in Pittsburgh?
At phipps during the orchid and bonsai show.
is stoked about the Dell laptop I just got from the TRIF grant.
Now I can work from home even more often...good or bad?
I am so grateful for this new direction.
Thank God for His guidance
: Easy to doctoram a doctoram though it's harder to live it  Ambition
Twitter Deal: 24oz Pineapple Juice for 3.99.
Tell us you saw it on twitter!
Great news!
See you there!
I bet Luther Campbell and Stuart Scott are bitter Raise the Roof didn't become a jock jam.
I had the cassingle.
The milk  cookies I had 
Revisiting one of my fave female artists, Natasha Bedingfield.
I liked her brother's songs too
I always flub up the rap in Craig David's song Eenie Meenie
Okay.
You can be my boyfriend.
: If I was your boyfriend I'd never let you go
Hope you're not getting sick again.
I'll hold you until you fall a sleep if you like.
Happy Easter!!
So my flight 399 to SFO is now going to SJC, with a bus to SFO.
I wish we could all just pay 10 more  have this never happen.
I stopped by parents to make dad breakfast in bed  told him how awesome Father's Day is Justtofuckwithmom.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY the BEST Mom!
BaseballSabathia helps Yankees snap threegame losing skid  Chicago Tribune
a lot better
downtonpbs  Life is good.
DM me with your contact info so that we can talk in more detail about what you have in mind.
Looking forward to hearing from you.
i didnt forget about you!
thanks!
A clip is up now.
See finding hope tv on fb for the link!
nah it won't even come off as that
ThingsThatGetMeUpset Bad excuses
I'm following coupon mom  some others I seen, let's save some   clip coupons,lol!!!!
at teleprompter class the off to another rehearsal...busy, busy, busy
This Is Samuel From FB Whats Your Skype Pic You And Stephanie Scott Or Just You Cause If You Want I Wanna Skype With You!!!
Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?
Happy Birthday !!!!
Live it up!!!
Happy Easter!
They're beautiful!
RT : this weekend!
I can't wait to meet the change agents!
So tired!
Can't wait for tomorrow :
miss your wonderful and inspiring tweets last couple of days!
Be careful and safe in the burg!
Hugs!
has been HACKED by some loser who has nothing better to do with their life...so beware of her tweets
As we start to plan our cooking school, we want to know what you want!
What cooking classes would you like to attend??
Welcome back!
Night LC :
Will u go out with me?
aYes ba cb Please pick ur answer.
I sent you two articles today already.
There were tons written before the 08 election.
PUHLEEEZE!
Can we start describing wars of choice as entitlements for the political class?
The new episode is finished guys, but since i have to internet right now, ittl be some time before it goes online...
sorry guys!
also...
as I wait for this sun to set I think of thee whom I'll never forget I tiptoe through the darkest nights while I run the dawn will rise
my friends own the puffer fish that was in the fish tank in that house.
They got it after the show was done filming.
Hello, superwoman.
Raptors sure are Griffin this game away right now.
of course, you were wearing orange, and looked fab, so it kind of gave you away.
hahaaa!
:
We love to hear you've enjoyed the book.
Thanks for sharing!
staff
Well we love you guys so keep it cominnnn :
Rihanna really got a tattoo that say THUG LIFE wow.
Ri I love you alot but u aint no thug.
Ok I guess.
You cry, I cry, .you laugh, I laughyou jump off a cliff i laugh even harder!!
nice to see you again tonight at Opart Thai.
Thanks again for speaking w/ members.
Loveitwhen I can buy dinner with the loose change in my wallet.
Thanks Chelsea!
Happy Happy Birthday to one of the true loves of my life!!!
check out the professorle pic last time we chilled at Ritz soundstage at my beat battle
Indeed, it would take some persuading to convince me that live tweeting falls under Rhetoric 101's technology use policy.
: Invite only boys showcase set for May 19, 2012 at Durango High School.
Come see some of Nevada's top prospects compete
thanks.
We'll take a look at it.
get saucy while you do your chores...
its what I do!
TomatoMalt Vinegar, GingerSoy Mayo  Maytag Blue Cheese are just a few of the amazing sauces you can try when you eat with us.
Waiting on phish to take the stage.
John Hodges, your about to be my new best fraaand librarylovin' 
G is for Goofy E is for Edgy L is for Liberal S is for Slippery O is for Optimistic N is for Neat
What is your favorite breakfast food?
Playing at the Living Room in NYC Wednesday with a few friends.
Come out if you're in town!
8pm
i didnt say i was bad!!
points to your everyday delight.
What do you enjoy?
IT/Software Development Candidates looking for their next full time gig HIT ME UP!
Id love to help you out!
3126167974 or send your r
Sans cape, apparently...
Congrats on a beautiful restaurant.
Cheers on bringing more deliciousness to downtown!
Great idea.
The word documentary is synonymous with boring for many.
Terminology should be similar to books.
Ian, thanks for following me.
Looks like you have a ton of followers but looking forward to connecting with you.
Reduced to memetic responses by Hall and Oats at
just finished the first chapter of Nicest Kids in Town about race and Am.
bandstand!
Excellent work Matt!
damn that sucks...
channing tatum was bout to get road head
How about some creamy n cool Tiramisu Gelato and a 1.00 Doppio to kick in to gear after lunch?
M....Delizioso!
I could talk smack on Tdoctorfood but still invite you up for a bite.
I was in a wide ranging meeting today at a manufacturing client.
It was fun to talk about enterpriselevel issues for a change.
A R I A N A T O R S TWET ArianaDidAmazing 3
tl Jackie has your treat for a Queen, enjoy the Oriole JoeChino...
I just saw an ad in my timeline...
Is this really happening now?
As opposed to a large creature seen from a distance that may have been a horse or cow.
its not to hard wit a lil practice
Favorite liberal arts major buzzwords, go!
Mine: palimpsest, simulacra, discourse.
cc/
Pretty quiet in the Park right now but all is ready for tomorrow's Colfax Marathon!
Oh, wavejumping envy.
I am overdue for a SoCal visit.
Friend coming 4 surgery lives there.
Wish she could bring beach w/her.
Guy: Be right back.
Girl: Okay.
3 hours later Guy: I'm back.
Girl: What took you so long?
Guy: Someone asked me why I love you.
Mine too!
IT WAS FUCKING GOOD SEAT FOR JUST A REGULAR TICKET SKDJFKLASD IM SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW OMG
Love it!
: Thanks so much!
yo my man...
Living life u know how that goes.
How about you homie???
The most simple act of kindness is simply a smile.
A.D.
Williams
Game time less then 10 minutes away can't wait
Thanks 4 the follow.
If your ever un sure about a color stick with black always classy ; xOx 3
We hope everyone has an amazing holiday and happy new year.
2012 here we come!
what do you think about kony 2012.
do you want to stop kony
lmaaaao god send to me on tezttt
the one girl who has the awesome father
What's your favourite Mexican food?
Agreed!
Although I can't take credit for the idea.
Got it off of a friend's Pinterest!
happy vday beautiful
you're in denial.
Also, how great is that flick?
Thats right....I said flick.
it is just impossible.:
Looking for designers interested in Seattle, AWESOME GIG must have fps or 3rd person experience.
whatmeanstheworldtoyou ?
My family.
sorry for your relative's loss.
That's tragic.
On April 9th Season 8 of will remind us how Reality TV can actually kick ass.
It's official, you truly are a comedian...I'm dieing laughing at these tweets
I don't think any of my  will ever be going to help the FB Instagram acquisition worthwhile.
Instagram: I just don't get it.
Gimmick.
Football is over...
which means we are getting that much closer to Baseball Season Starting up again!
RT if you're excited!
Brian Selznick was actually the creative genius behind Hugo.
Five Academy Awards and he still has not been thanked...
So long Vern, thanks for another year of bias onesided announcing
Cheers to Me, Cheers to You!
agreed!
I jammed that last night!
haha
: Teaching my mom the difference between DC and Marvel comic books typicalfridaymorning HAHA.
Mom tweets make my day.
Do you watch Top Gear?
NP The Strokes Vision of Division
Sleep blogging again, crazy stuff!
Must of looked on ebay and saw, doyle stout moss and was confused
I love her!
I love her!
I love her!
I love her!
I love her!
I love her!
I love her!
I love her!
I love her!
I love U 33
Thanks for the mention!
There is no such thing a slut in 8th grade!
Raise your standards if you smoke cigarettes in yo house
Really good music is felt as well as it is heard!....and I,m NOT talkin about being really LOUD....OK?
Nothing to be ashamed of!
Thank you for sharing the Socks  Sandals Guy love!
hey hey buddy ainsley good morning love you so much my dear buddy have a great day and take care 3
lmn!!
It's been too long
Yes!
Sunday?
Monday?
Tuesday?
Wednesday?
Can I doctorss up like Thor????
Damn this set of bitches at the gym got cakes
dude.
Jameson  jack
Weird Al White and Nerdy
i just ran three miles with 9 toenails.
think about that for a second.
My guess is that the hospitals also do basic vet services.
They just also do surgery, etc.
Was told by my husband that I smelled like a butterfly this morning!
Of course not!
Where do I get my copy?
Amazon, or is there a better way?
My excuse is that I'm Young :
Is the research on whether those items will all fit into the same trash bag at the same time?
:
thanks man!
Glad you rock with the tunes..
but its been 4 years since I first started.
The world lost Etta James...
GOD has someone that can please his ears for sure!
We will miss that voice!
In business, people are paid salaries commensurate w/their time and value.
Teaching time is considered valuless thus paid so.
I want super bright doctor's how do I fix that???
Hahaha...
Seriously.
Glad to hear it!
do you know who the ACC home teams are?
can you please wish a happy birthday?!
:D PLEASE!!!21
Other women they would seem secure, they're just as fragile as her
I want you to want me

The greater the man, the less he is opinionated; he depends on events and circumstances.
you know me all too well:
U  Colin r lucky 2 have flexibility 2 b with Hank b/c of ur occupations.
I'm homeschooling my 16 yr old son next yr.
Stay tuned :
is now officially following He's got Luke Duke hair AND doctorves the General Lee.
It's going to be a long night ...
Just saw the glee cover for I think I might shot my pants during the episode.
Thanks for sharing our excitement!
We are so thrilled.
she said it meant NIGGAS ENJOY FUCKIN FEMALES
Happy mothers day!
What are u doing for your mom on this special day?
Ha, its okay.
Uh, how old are you?
Shoutout to everyone out there with a mom to wish happy mothers day to.
If it wasn't for my grandma i'd have no idea what a mom supposed 2 b
Thia rain makes it smell like spring in the
If we could increase the number of Protestant missionaries in the field from 7000 to 50,000, we could evangelize the globe in ten years.
Congrats to you and team on the SNAC Mellon funding!
Fantastic!
A woman is the greatest asset or liability.
She can be a builder or destroyer.
And is equal in both anointings.
If I reach for your hand, will you hold it?
If I hold out my arms, will you hug me?
can I have a cookie?
Installing Snow Leopard.
Fingers crossed!
Volunteer in Madagascar this summer!
Join on this expedition on May 16th.
Apply now and get a 10 discount!...
S/O to all my new followers I will follow yall
That's it.
I'm too tired  frustrated!
Till tomorrow everyone, goodnight  God Bless.
Tip o' the ol' cap to Josh Hamilton.
Holy crap.
Car A/C konked out.
Bella is not a happy camper...though most panting dogs look kind of happy so, I guess I can't tell.
I wants some :
TV is nothing but static, can't get a human on the line at any of your numbers.
Can u help?
Happy National Teacher Day  thank you for making a difference!
the philosophical basis of indeterminate sentencing are that there tend to be more liberal opinions on sentencing.
Happy Birthday s/o to the man
my boobs :
I really like this Paulino guy.
We should keep him.
I'm happy I got 86 tweets last night and i'm finally getting tweets back to my phone....
What does Heaven look like to you?
Jordy!!
Can I get a RT?
It would make my day!
Love watching you play!
Thanks for the First Listen feature.
I've purchased several albums because of being able to hear it on your site first.
haha.
I hate when stupid shit like that starts trending
Weekend of art opening, dinner w/friends, hair cut/color, workout w/trainer, Balance Lady Design crafting, wine tasting, rest  relaxation!
Thx for the RT!
We look forward to seeing you there after the virtual session wraps up.
:
Lady in the crowd told me to calm down twitcher in the first show.
Youtube video coming this Tuesday
Yep.
Also, I know that without a sketchtowireframe guide, it's easy for me to dawdle on details in prototypes.
Walter d was playin that old school mix.
Made me wanna hop on that San Andoctoras game.
Yes it will.
RT : That TD is going to break twitter.
Become a Freek...www.freekshowradio.com
Apparently my archnemesis has just sobered up long enough to start tweeting again.
2010 was tumultuous and successful.
Happy New Year!
I will be toasting with a bottle of Do u have a favorite champagne?
soon!
then off to atl, but maybe meet in person?
we did at spped reh thing at one time.
it was fun great fun!
My computer just fritzed..
The technical term for what the?
nope.
I watched it on directv
MillStBrewPubTO when is the pumkin beer coming and how do I reserve a growler!!!!!!
not much Hbu?
Talk to our butcher behind the counter,  they'll guide you in selection  how to best cook your pick.
rother what is happining i miss u
AskPSanders what do you look for in a girl?
when is motherless son day/
RG3ISABEAST, REAL REFRESHING TO SEE AN EDUCATED ATHLETE.
REMINDS ME OF ME, or THE OLD ME.
What kind of music do ghosts like?
For those not still in a food coma, tune in to at 9:30 to see our own talking abt the best tailgating essentials!
great stuff, especially self portraits.
we don't support the ones sticking to the craft.
End result: the crap that plays on the radio.
Now it's 61 F, Clear in New York City  Fahrenheit for iPhone  iPad
CANT GET YOU OUT MY HEAD
Hahaha..
oops.
Hang on
Let me check and see what I can do!
What dates were you interested in?
thank you for everything !
is the alternative to Slave Nigga Rap and Thug RB!
Revolutionary!!!
no suprise that you're at the end.
ugh :
At the Providence Hospital 2012 gala.
Congrats to doctor.
Bette Strudwick, Joseph Quash and Edward Ranking.
Facebook does nothing but gives us too much useless information about people we don't really even care about..
Lol
Stop by for the Valentine's Day Special.
Free dessert and photobooth pictures with a 10 purchase.
SHOUT OUT to for being my 250th follower!
3 Keep the FF Love going!
xoxo
Cranberry juice.
Mwahahahahaha.
AGAIN, you have NO idea what the play is yet you insist on insulting!!
I don't get it!
NP baby ranks ft notch verme old song but I still luv it!
3
Got home from 14 days to Heather, a PTFC win  got accepted to Multimedia Journalism Masters Program  University of Oregon.
When will Mindless Behavior VIP tikets be on sale?
I thought it was suppose to be selling today during the presale
thanks glad you cashed after a hapless Saturday in Soccer I knew it was a blip!
Excuse me sir, hows your day?
:
Do it!
Endorphins  wellearned selfrighteousness  an amazing mix.
:
Come wind down your week with Happy Hour in the bar from 47pm!
All specialty cocktails, glasses of wine  beers are halfpriced!
Just sent our very first payout to a venue!
Thanks to beta testers Theatre Company for helping us build a better box office!
who/ Wendy?
good!
whenever.
Just let me know.
Good morning to you too
www.therealchrisfaith.com
I'm doctornk as fuck, but nohomo has a huge dick!
RT : Are there Washington, DC metro area developers contributing to the OpenStack open source project?
Fucking A he does!
:
Attending What's the difference: Moving from Blackboard CE/Vista 8 to Blackboard Learn Release 9 and Release 9.1
I doubt it.
Sounds like a publicity stunt.
Bring a knife to a fist fight, a gun to a knife fight, and a M134 to anything else
gotchu...I'm thinking of texas myself..heard good things
Damge ; Chris Brown !
good morning everyone!
Mitt Romney said the Poor have a safety net what's that a GRAVE?
Good morning everyone Happy Friday
Working on some screencast tutorials today  first up how to create PIP video presentations with PowerPoint
Utah State is going to leave Auburn with a fat check and a W.
I don't know why we all think 3D sucks but we do.
Didn't make it to my trainer today, had a chiro appointment instead.
Bummed though.
The Lord is gracious, and full of compassion, slow to anger, and of great mercy.
NIV Psalm 145:8
my mom's cioppino.
Sadly, she only makes it on Christmas Eve.
Thx tebow.
Love my bears w/ everything don't get me wrong, but I wanna win my fantasy league so just enough points from tebow would be good
says:  will be Friday Night for last Bop of the season!
Back to taste testing a new coffee, we have a winner!
isn't just about the best thing ever?

Nope
SHGAFDGASFGBSAJGSBFV I hate having a cold!
:
Learned alot from working with Jodie Bentley this week....personal brand done, new headshots selected and at printer, onto building my reel
so glad your on my favorite team!
beast this year.
thanks for the follow.
Whered all my followers go :'O
Both shows are at Strange Matter
I think you and I are two of the few people that use plays on offense and defense.
Most people I play just reach and shoot threes
I've only just begun to touch your earlobe
when will they start in Eastern Portland?
Anyone looking to improve your domain name?
Contact me and I can help you out!
woo im tired!!!!
RT : I applaud the Internet community/blacked out sites for participating in our democracy  opening the debate:...
hahaha omg!
haha you looked gorg and a bird pooped on me when we were taking that pic!!
We love the LoganSquaristDaily!
but he stopped 7 shots on a pk once!
dontwifethatchickif she got a dude she call her brother thats not really her brother lls
No need to give me an attitude, MY BAD that I didn't know.
I just thought maybe you didn't realize what day it was.
It happens to all of us.
Jeannette Rankin You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake.
Obsessing over someone really cute that you don't even know at the store
well I'm just going to have to listen close because I ain't getting out of bed!!
Lol but I'm serious.
TeamHeat TeamHeat Leggooo WE GOT A GREAT ONE VS DEM OLD MEN BostonCeltics 3D LIVE ON 7CT WUT IT DO JAY SHIELDS
The way I can move my hips 
good morning everybody.
not feeling so good , but I still have to go to school.
:I hope y'all have a great day 3
i trust you.
Something simple and probably cheesy.
Someone probably said something better.
: lol
It's pretty hard to write anything good when Lightning Crashes by Live is streaming through your head non stop.
Coworker just on MSNBC.
A good day for TechAmerica.
u already kno
So excited we're watching the same game, tho I hope Tigers win it for Verlander.
RT : Come on Rangers!!!!!!!!
Get it done
All about summer  not team, believe it RT : Lin brought up again today he doesn't have trust in the knee.
like, w/ John Waters its EASY: Trace Extreme Position X,Y, or Z back to POSTDIVORCE CUSTODY BATTLE.
KevinMyers  trickier
Jeff saw the chocolate on my face.
He told me I had gone too far this time.
legit night.
OLD ONE?
what is it?
i wanna follow lol and i dont keep up with my 2nd one.
but i wanna fix it tomorow or something
Get ready for a sweltering HOT car in Vegas!
:please let events back on CampusHard to evaluate when your in the car all day
eating some pizza rolls
We welcome two new Fellows to : mister Ben Lyons of Columbia Univ.
Ms.
Kate Egner of the Coll.
of William  Mary.
has never hated LA traffic more than I do right now.
yea..u didn't see top on da porch??
Lol
It was your ass that didn't work more than likely.
Lol
Anyone know of a userfriendly front end for a library database?
Something supersimple to search titles/authors/keywords?
Come on you guys let's make it to 75 followers!!:
Follow  RT for a chance to win: Room  VIP table for Thursday!
X.com domain for sale.
6.5mil.
1.4mil unique views per month.
Obviously, HUGE potential.
Get at me for details.
Pass it on.
god morning peeps:
I will not be beat down physically or mentally.....
oops!
my choc chip cookie recipe was in error!
2eggs.
Too hard to fit a recipe in 140 char.
woke up early, need my coffee on this happy hump day morning!!
no problem!
I know you can do it!
:D
Can someone, anyone, explain to me why DCADFW fares are 800 more than two weeks out?
for y'all to have all that, y'all are getting that ass mopped lmao
yeah!
how are you?
Sloppy day huh?
Fenders might be a nice treat.
Stop on in!
training is a bitch!
How many times do I have to thumbs down Jack Johnson and Bon Iver before it stops playing them!??
i didn't catch it...was it good??
at the gym, guy's tshirt, sleeves removed: I'M A CATCH  meaning you'd like to be chased?
um yeah i freaking miss you guys so much legit its not ok
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS, TWITTER JUST NOTIFY ME IF I DO NOT HAVE MORE FOLLOWERS THEN I CAN NOT FOLLOW NO ONE : :
I know wants me..
she makes it so obvious.
I mean, I'm single but flips hair not for her ;
Poker Players Alliance is rallying today in DC to support online poker.
Contact your congressmen today and lets get poker legalized.
Good morning Philly hope everyone still has a great day in spite of the rain!
Your background photograph is so beautiful  want to visit immediately!
Welcome back misterEdwards!
RT : New show debuts Monday 2/13 at 2p on
But initiation process is weird.
I graduated in Dec 2010, got a letter saying I was eligible, but never got more info.
they proud to me
My biggest issues w/ Wayne, SB400  not supporting Megans Law
RT : RT : Idk You?
I know everybody gonna be at endless to see twerk team
Chillin waiting on time 2 be up on my C vitamin masque/AHA fruit masque.Just gave myself a much needed facial.My skin been acting up lately
Bro what you on after school
oh that's just the tip o' the iceberg...
but it's a start.
did you call in or were you there in person?
Happy Birthday to auto racing icon:
...
mental snapshot at least, I hope!
Rudy Gay.
Stoic.
Calm.
Silent killer
Going to a crawfish boil today!
You wouldn't recognize me.
ouch!
And yes, the incentives are all messed up in the U.S.
healthcare system, and there's no easy fix in sight.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 85
Cereal servings LIE.
They flat out LIE.
girl where u at talking about 3for1...thats too good to be true
I love that new carpet smell.
S/o to we ouchea at 1800 bar chillen
: You bet your ass I am!
we'll see...
we missed a day
3run pinch hit home run by David Murphy.
Go Rangers!
after living in San Diego for 10 yrs I am convinced that SD radio sucks
Your premium brand had better be delivering something unique, or it is not going to get the business.
People Make Me A BItch Out Here Because I am Not Mad Enough To Upset Myself
Hmm, getting all of our followers tweets but had to refollow some of them..
anyone know why??
Feel like my twitter was just stalked on that last tweet
Thrilled as always when you stop in.
Hope you caught all the Bomb Upgrades.
they hope more than expect  I guess.
It's funny tho'.
:
Would you share a link to one?
doctorOz greensmoothie this morning.
Not bad!
amen to that
Its.
4am, I gotta be up for work in less than 4 hours.
The Amazing Race is still one of the only TV shows I bother to watch.
Germs are everywhere.
Handwashing is the No.
1 way to prevent the spread of disease.
Wash hands.
Save lives.
Repeat!
All Kentucky fans own peacocks
:don't forget to see the Boyz k!!!, I know will not you love them 2
Ha!
Loved it.
i believe nothing.
glad you enjoyed it, true it would of been nice if we won
Selling usbeef in east troy today with will.
He's up 120.
Time 2 catch up
it's that time of year ...
RT : Success is that old ABC  ability, breaks, and courage.
Charles Luckman
I think sumbody took her phone...smh
chilling fam what's good?
Talk to me my Twitter soldiers: who is funny that I should follow?
: Love the feed from IPY2012.
Thanks for the insightful playbyplay!
I'm planning to go to talk at 2.
Maybe meet up later tonight?
full album/EP soon
Too many days off with nothing to do.
your so lucky!
On the Metro North and almost home to spend the weekend w/ my parents in NY.
Been a long time since I've been back to Montrose.
Light yo front door up
When your basketball games get canceled 
are you doing a promotiom for your bobble day, like Ax had last year?
LOL!
I hope those are your pants.
A new LLC?
Awesome!
I saw the guide you created, nice job there.
Cologne?
Oh no...
No, but I might ask about your posthole experience later this summer...
Sorry.
I wish but I bet she doesn't even notice me .
NAEP Science  Writing is critically important in science.
Only 15 of students had complete responses on science writing task.
u sexy af
What the deal with these new rappers?..
what are you hoping to get for it?
My mom would disagree.
I'm up every day  5 and go to bed at 1.
I'm not moving from my bed until noon.
Savor the strength you gain from accomplishing those small, specific goals that are the building blocks of your doctorams.
I need to pick up the Tron Legacy Soundtrack as soon as possible.
sure does!!
And the Twolves, Vikings and Twins!
BAH!
lol
Jobestimates are meaningless to people who have jobs, and similarly to ppl who don't.
Only individual situations matter
Happy glorious Wednesday to you!
Hope today went well for you.
you can if you want to but you only have to do one.
It will count towards your 200 tweets though!
Some1 asked me if I thought they were good enough.
I told them you ALWAYS know you are good enough when bullies show up.
Ok, forget the anathemas.
Let's just forget II entirely.
Praise the Lord for all three Star Wars films!
so ready to go to Orlando...Miami is CRAZY!!!
80 hair pins from last night
Still have a Boflex for sale if anyone is interested.
For everyone who asks, receives.
Everyone who seeks, finds.
And to everyone who knocks, the door will be opened.
Matthew 7:8
There are about a 100 things I'd do differently.
why do people say grow a set of balls?Balls are Weak And Sensitive,If u Really Wanna Get Tough!,Grow a Vagina!,those can take a Pounding!
I'm hotter then a candle
I have been a fan since the start and will be a fan till the end.
Follow me!
I ain't never had someone like you this all new shit
dude, you gotta think ahead.
Can't wait for my next adventure!
In a mood and feeling confused...
The times I need a magic 8Ball!
hahaha right!
And I was thinking about Rita's but idk...
so weird madison and i are eating pzza tongith!
:D
Had a good day yesterday.
Rounding up the celebration with pizza with my family tonight.
:
perhaps all that manipulation isn't necessary
Thank you for saying snot at the Grammys.
You know what snotty snotty...you won that party!
Congrats!
You deserved it.
On my way to Awards Gala.
RVA AmzgRz VCNVA Donate to Virginia Conservation Network.
Double your dollars!
They got 2chainz in here !
jus made a twitter page plz help me get some followers plzz
bro is that the cover on your avi?
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship  never.
I keep meaning to.
Maybe this will give me the push I need to finish the column!
what is the best place to stay in Galveston?
We have a few spots left for the Nov 18 Beer Olympics.
Awesome prizes.
Grab 4 friends and sign up!
lol sure jk jk....what do u watch then on cable this late?
Save money, and print with us....
Contact us today for more info and pricing.
4074864387
Looking for the Hotties of San Diego?
Look on www.WhereTheHottiesAt.com.
See if your bar or club has been rated!
Thank you as well, all the best!
Vanni Holiday is in the house!
I was born modest; not all over, but in spots.
Best feeling ever, being able to say that..
Thank you, God.
So much.
3
Nothing happened to Ben's.
Tim is about to become a vegetarian.
But you're gonna miss the after spot hours.
Brutal hit on Spezza.
Hard to measure, but just anecdotally, feel like this playoffs has been more violent than in years past

If you don't need a cell network, the newest Asus running Win7 is amazing.
If you do need cell, newest Samsung Galaxy Tab.
lol oops I got the cops on the phone now they wanna kno where to pick you up at
Oh and I watched my boy Freaky Tah keep it 100 til the grave
Excited For New Jonas Album 28
: smoking indoors is disgusting in Vegas.
gross thirdworldcountry
call me...
Honestly if we have plans and you told me youd text me then don't text me all day....
I'm looking for different plans
And I need to set my anger free.
It's fucked up crack day!!!!
We should trend
whoopi is a woman?
Just wanna be with you :/
Spent past two days at virtual AAM  lots of great speakers, conversation, ideas!
Send me links to your favorite museumbased AR projects.
Whatever Jay.
Cards defense is just that good.
They take teams out of their offense
bhahaha I get it now.
That's insane!
Coffee and cigarettes are the only things keeping me sane anymore.
Long that you are comfortable w/ yourself, healthy  happy..
That's the most important thing RT
Wine should be sold in bigger bottles so there would be some leftover for lunch
As it should
This quote changes a lot if you have a condition where you read ofs as ons.
60 of my projects are saving web sites that were being built by inexperienced developers, taking on more than their skillset.
didn't they at least have to give him a shot at the complete game?
Today's Get Energized tip: Avoid placing lamps or televisions near the airconditioning thermostat.
no way
Hi Rose!
Love ya!
No, I understand.
A COMPLETE mess is something you can edit.
Congratulations!
Shout out to the honorable Ondarwey Julian
There you go, flauntin' your literacy again.
sigh
Reinstalled Spotify after a good 45 months.
Nice to see it's gotten better than when I deleted the app.
huzzah for my theater performance in two hours
Is Kyle French related to you?
Knowledge is the distilled essence of our institutions, corroborated by experience.
Elbert Hubbard
Glad you like them
Happy Birthday Bob Marley!!!
When they say get em I'm get em.
Oh, shot!
Look at the moon.
Favorite Jingle Friday!
The Folgers jingle has been featured in almost every advertisement since 1984 and, in its many renditions, has...
Not used to this place.
Sleeping on the floor.
:
Yea im addicted 2 a doctorg money n working cnt stop 2 much banz yu feel
Bring afrobeat back to Castle Clinton!!
516 your username is so nice!!!!
i love demi : and bella is sucha pretty name!
Come learn about Sat.
Whitney Rm presenting
It's probably about time for a new ipod
Jimmy Clausen has several fake IDs so he can get numerous free birthday meals at Denny's throughout the year
How is it that the entire venetian smells like a freshly cleaned bathroom except the freshly cleaned bathrooms that reeks of stale urine
It should be a good day.
The sun is shining, and the Son is shining!!!
:
very nice!
So we might see you tonight then.
Oh that's cool.
Don't text me for months, and than when you need something you act all buddy buddy with me
when did u become such a fabulous photographer?!?!
Not loving 90s RB music is number three on the Oh NoNos list.
All BBW do is go to dinner and gossip, stop acting like girls!
Thanks Glen!
I love our team  are rock stars.
1962: Last time SD elected a sitting Councilmember to Mayor  same year George Christopher served as the LAST Republican Mayor of SF.
2 things learned from making a library survey: how to make it better next time, be more transparent in general and with results.
1 year after death of OBL World Trade Center reclaims its place.
When it comes to good vs.
evil some things don't change.
Thank God for that
is it a compliment when a complete stranger calls me MAMA?
:P
Ha ha, well we had to try.
We hear the A4 and the Sportage make a lovely couple.
Fellas, if you saw a fine chick as a patient in the hospital, would you holla at her?
Lol
u love me right?
Viewing We  our Workplace video contest submission  nothing like a good chair race!
Don't try, DO!
:D RT : I'll try and roll through, thanks!
I think my viewers would love some tips.
Bbq.
Holiday.
President Obama speaking from
RT : EVERYBODY FOLLOW THE BEAUTIFUL aw teamkerikrews are dope!
xoxoxo
where u go now?
It's pretty desolate in the library, but that doesn't bother this saturdaylibrarian, because my parents are on their way to visit!
I know:/ He is just soo so amazing 3
Le Pen mocks Sarkozy bid to woo farright
Did they talk endlessly about 20th Century learning until about 1940?
Yes, we know it is 21st century.
Let's give it a rest already.
They told me to take this shit out on protools.
Sexually frustrated /:
it's because of that MTV true life show last night
Finally watched Shift video.
Nice!
I ordered a copy of the book but there was a shipping snafu and now I have to wait...
We've been thinking of taking on a female sidekick.
Hired.
Friday night favors!
Poppin off right now!
Make your way to 330 birch st.
Brea,ca.
Happy birthday !
good night
Even some of the most talented artists in their field will not make a career in their lifetime!
I hope this is not bad!!
impatient hurry 
Now watch us turn it up
Thanks man, I appreciate your comment.....
BEAUTIFUL here in Liberty NY!
Doing the morning show tomorrow on from 7 to 9am!
Can't wait!
Can we as publishers be both authorlead and customerlead?
Victoria Barnsley
Hi Teeety!
Welcome to twitter.
What do you buy a guy that has everything?
when I was 9 I enjoyed aladdin so much....And at 19 I still do.
I rather be single din be in a relationship with a dumb broad
spent the last 2 hours getting my social media life together adding I am hoping that my tweets will now show up on face book
What a rough afternoon!!
Feeling better now!!
; ah yes!!
I wish people would just leave me the fuck alone today
ADELE FTW!!!
I hope she wins every category she's nominated in!
thats why we are here: I wonder if the PM peeps thought one pic would generate this much banter
haha sounds good and we will see about that
We appreciate it Kim!
Thanks so much!
It's weird seeing the blonde side of my family.
also, why was I not following you before?
WEIRD.
The ego is your selfimage; it is your social mask; it is the role you are Your social mask thrives on approval.
It wants control...
hey, what's up?
Y r Evansvilles local Commercials so unprofessorssional looking and this background music/singers ITS REALLY BAD LIKE WATCHING OLD PORN WTF
RT : CNN special this Saturday at 2:30pm ET.
Music, tech,  movies...everything that makes amazing.
oo, tried to do track workout tonight.
leg cramps, etc.
taking it down a notch

you should come  you'd love it...
Tons of places to do handstands...
And of course there's me :
I need AP Testing to get here already so I can start skipping .
Christopher Leigh Blues fans Jam night  Cooley Lake Inn Ap 1st 7pm  11pm 8635 Cooley Lk.
Rd.
Commerce, MI Host Band  Broken Arrow 
Sometimes a girl keeps going back to a guy who treats her bad, because she's not ready to give up hope that maybe someday he'll change.
My name is Amy and I'm glad to be here!
Have a nice day
Ha yeah
listening from matt's hometown, middlesboro ky.
Wish i was in NOLA or Lex.my 1st titleidk how it gets better
Swim Trunks?
CHECK!
Like everyone picked, Harden is Sixth Man of the Year
I just did my first QR code hi My name is Jenny and I'm behind in the times!
Anybody think would make a good spokesperson for the anti testing and doctorving campaign.
RT I got rid of TV a long time ago.
How many friends have you met by watching TV?but, but, but...
There's always that one thing that ends a conversation b/c it gets too akward....that life for ya...
I've been to Helnsinki  it is extremely beautiful  surprisingly clean.
Thank you and !
Ya'll keep the names of important black feminists coming!
And i don't even have a boyfriend
OMG...that's my very favorite saying of all in the Bible
I just think he's incorrect about swtor
i thought seriously bout it
This Friday at Notte we are Honoring all upcoming College Graduates w/ Free entry and doctornk specials ALL NIGHT
you don't get time to use the hotel gym?
I don't belong to a gym, so travel is kind of a treat.
celebrates herself tonight

Thanks for the retweet, Bob!
I appreciate it.
Thanks for the RT  the follow!
Looking forward to hearing more from you.
Cheers!
You know why it's hard to be happy?
Because you find it hard to let go of the things that make you sad.
good thing the NCAA Tourney isnt played in Bloomington
Great inning by the Rangers time for Feliz to finish strong!
EVERYONE PLZ FOLLOW US!!!!We will start posting videos soon.:D
RT : RT : Young professorssionals Week is here.
Please RT and spread the word.
Just realized I've been eating turkey bacon so long I forgot what real bacon tastes like.
So it's basically the vs.
Holiday.
Def gonna buy chronicle when it comes out on dvd.so live

doesn't bother me in the least.
agreed.
It demonstrates a different kind of research, something I've tried to push in some of my coursesreading/writing streams
Holy crap
RT RT : Fdtn today; like what I'm hearing: A highquality educational experience is a civil right.
this is wonder girl, she's everyone's doctoram; but things aren't always what they seem..
Great first show over the weekend.
Thanks to BuriedBeds and Joshua Marcus.
Next up, LP release show, TBA.
We missed You Marcus, I am Happy Your are coming back!
Luv Ya!
NEW BAND DEBUT TONIGHT 10pm
Vanessa, Becky, and Mychael are all here tonight.
Come by and see us!!!
we have a coffee truck too!
After late arrowhead, CAB, and the Onalfo years, it feels really good to see the team play this well.
BOOM!
RT : Scissors beats paper.
Paper beats rock.
Rock beats scissors...And LOVE beats Cancer ?
Especially on the iPhone, evidently.
I enjoyed it very much  nice to meet you, and good luck!
Lauren G Adams Jewelry was a huge hit this weekend!
Hurry in for Charm Bracelets, Necklaces, and Earrings, all going fast!
At the CEN Country Manager einvoicing Conference in Zagreb.
About to start!
There is always a soft spot in my heart for you, even when you've done wrong, even when you've let me down, even when you couldnt care less.
Cool, man.
In kind, I'll offer a VERTIGO tour of San Francisco.
That is, if you like VERTIGO.
If you have no character to lose, people will have no faith in you
THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID
Watching Contraband this movie is giving me agita...tense.
Oct.
27  702 Fearless Fearless, Save The Hero, Almost Normal, Fear The Brave, Amoride, 10
is making music history right now.
4 albums on holding down 2 spots on the
It's TEBOW TIME!!
would you agree the 2nd half has been better?
talk all about this in 2nd half of ch8.
the defense can bring up SD as their strategy, and prosecution can then present
ufc 132 tonight!
Come watch on one of our 30 flat screen tv's.
Great doctornk specials all night.
basketball all weekend in Lexington....its not a true reunion without all the original members
I'm looking forward to set up today.
Feels like a good day to get some stuff done.
Tucson pedestrian deaths/injuries nearly double  KOLDTV Tucson pedestrian deaths/injuries nearly double KOLDTV AP Entertainment News V
next year for sure though!
And check out SageCoach!
It's a country fest in Cali
totally didn't mean to RT that...they didn't mention what church in Marion though, did they?
Thanks for coming down, it was awesome catching up!
Let's build some quadcopters!
ATSUKCOM students in Joplin are well and assisting in the efforts to triage at Freeman.
Why does sex sell so well?
follow me
: hey buddy hows vegas??
Long time no seegreat ill be home for Xmas
sounds good
RT if you believe teacher unions speaking out against the Castle Doctrine directly affects our Wisconsin students.
Wiunion
: The worst: 'all men are capital B!'  Befuddled?
Broken?
BigBoned?
So, so delicious.
LiveonKOMO is amazing.
:
dude you should do guest vocals on new album
shoutout to alexa?!
And ask him if he gets special attention in school
I might pick up a new one soon.
I know a guy who can get candies and they are fucking amazing
Every time I hear about religious organizations accepting government money, I hear General Akbar: It's a trap!
Gov   gov control
there's never anyone there, it's a great hidden treasure
Don't have numbers but believe majority owned by schools.
Apple never expected it when they released iPad 1...
a question I've asked of workflowy which they've just added with the pro account!
The special HTC Wildfire S accessories cases or covers, in order that they could help you to use the cell phone for a longer period.
Anyone else watch Smash last night?
There was a tea doctorwer, tea offered and music.
I could get used to this!
Glad that Gigantic Brewing opened in deep SE  spread the wealth Beervana!
can you SAVETAY?
She's still grounded and for nothing at that.
2012 NFL season schedule in an hour, cannot wait!
Just spoke at a class of about 30 students at URI.
Great moment, lost of great questions and interest.
Loving my online classes this semester.
Now I can keep selling houses!
Ninja warrior is to FUN!!
Fans in the Ft Pierce area...get over to Fenn Center and join us at the Ft Pierce Chili Cookoff.
I know I bother you everyday but OMG.
You and your dog are such cuties!x Love you3
seen THG...when is golf?
See also: Aoki RT : Ishikawa is truly awful.
Just a fastball, right down the middle.
ouch!
I still remember the hr of live C.Lo rambling on the air to you in what, 95?
We had some tech difficulties this morning but we're back online now.
Thanks to everyone for bearing with us!
Sounds like a dish at Hue.
lol.
YOLO is an excuse for skanks to be skanks.
Where's the choice?
RT : Vevo doesnt want to tell you what to do, they want to give people platform choices
Victor Cruz..amazing
Awesome.
Thanks!
STYLEGIBBERISH YOUR STYLE HAS NO BOUNDARIES, BUT YOUR FASHION SHOULD
Just got a bunch of updates done on the CPCT website.
Phew!
Making a manageable list for the garden store so I don't go insane there.
Lmao, but we on twitter doe, so its cool :P
I know...way too fast.
Making the choice to help others is most rewarding
damn thats where i'm headed to right now...
My note made my mom cry.
:'
RIP JimDuffy, you made Nickelodeon 90's cartoons the epitome of my childhood
RT : Happy birthday marchyyy.
I heart you.
no you deserve it!
:
The app really works great for me for practicing lines while on the go.
Hey yo where my shout out dawg
I was pregnant in my doctoram last night...
Yeah, that's right.
wtf wheresfreudwhenyouneedhim?!
Yeah so hey Justin, I miss those random CHUCK NORRIS MOMENTS.
3  I just full around miss....you
hay wats up
What a great day of classes!
And in just 2 days we go from arctic to tropiclike weather.
Enjoy the weekend.
In year since dbw11, so much has changed yet many of the same questions remain.
Thanks.
Good presentation.
RT Wednesday is wine day: ALL Washington wine 50 off at Icon
can i please get a follow back:
Dude i wasnt that doctornk , dude you were in my pool trying to find nemo .
May is the best month for sports
New restaurant: Awful Falafel Waffles.
I hope the photo of George Zimmerman that's all over the news isn't his Match professorle pic.
It's so unflattering.
I would give you some muffins but I can't...
today is picture day....
:
i dare you to Favorite this and to follow me3 :
lol.
i'm so rude, it's not even funny.
keep trying, just keep clicking!
Minority pop growth accounted for 92 of US pop growth in 2000s.
Dan Lichter presidential addoctorss
I'm having major alcide withdoctorwls
Obstacles are like wild animals.
They are cowards but they will bluff you if they can.
If they see you are afraid of them?
they are liabl...
One hour until Washed Out takes the stage at IngenuityFest!
hudson came home in the middle of that night and said, julie!
you did it again!
ahah I've listened to One direction and obviously JB before but never heard of reece mastin : Thanks:
To be fair, I'm constantly telling people This guy cowote your favorite song, you just didn't read the liner notes.
Smooch the pooch!!!
Happy Valentine's Day!!!
that's what u are suppose to Do  never but hit me up u light skin bastard
ONE DIRECTION GAY?!
PSHH.
THEY ARE AS STRAIGHT AS LOUIS' FINGER WHEN HE'S HIGH.
Is anyone else experiencing really odd Twitter behavior this week?
Still this is a pretty hurtful article.
Massive cravings for crab based dips.
If I have to hear any more Skrillex before this weekend's over, I'm definitely shaving my head into a weird halfmullet.
Cutting up your own writing is highly satisfying ;
pin:28E1C83D New BlackBerry
Trey Songz, marry me
I expected a loss tonite.
Long ass game, travel  bullpen spent.
Didn't expect Matusz to suck this bad or Berken either.
Working underground in the library on a warm sunny Monday, you started my day off right.
Cue chair dancing...
Are you saying that I'm NOT a clever bot?
wait until we make you do the paddle crawl...
fyi coach slaps the hardest
Oh that's how you feel ma, that's really how you feel.
OMG ME3 demo is such a teaaaasseee!!
I can't wait!
follow me, tryin to up followers 1 at a time :P Ill spread the word about this foundation!
I VOLUNTEER FOR VENTING
his grandma said he was pretty as a penny
On a field trip with my son's school at the 12th World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates at UIC Forum in Chicago.
Jus burned my tough
fangirl moment when you realize is following you, I love his songs!
Thanks for the follow :
We honor those who dont have the freedom to realize their own light by refusing to live in the dark.
Live each day as if everyone loves you because selfdelusion is underrated as a coping mechanism.
Looking forward to NYC wknd w/
Adventure Time 
When the moon hits the sky like a big pizza pie...
That pizza looks CRAY good!
Damn my phone finna die 0o
ok bed time fwahuipd
I've always used Personal Brain PC software which has great features, but I look forward to trying these.
Thanks for link.
All I can say is thank you for the attention :
They tryna shut my label down
The RIG Region 7 AOS Panel is now taking a five minute break.
and can Cena top himself from what he did last night for the next 6 weeks?
Thanks!
It is a very complex film I made, so much underlying tension btwn those two!
Ps.
So much fun skyping w/you!
I can't even watch it...have yet to ever watch a complete replay.
yupp.
and u should!
wear ur makeup too haha u gonna look fancyy
Great show tonightfelt like getting to see an MCA touring show in a tiny space.
I want new weave
im so over this whole school thing
Of course.
Almost completely clear where I'm at.
How's the weather on your end?
im a cool cat at the sober valley lodge
The same love that makes me laugh, makes me cry.
: I have a vase filled with purple tulips to inspire me as I work.
Nature is so inspiring!
ubusensations  Sounds nice
didnt know there was a title change.
look forward to the flick meng!
Attending the chapter Exec Retreat NY
I've gotten with 2 of them..and 1 was kinda prude..the other is a whore
You think you are perfect.?
Tell me more on why I should even give a flying fuck.
Sixers scored more than 100 pts.
Almost time for my free Big Mac
When you realize you've been standing in shit, you don't stomp on it to punish it, you just scrape it off and walk away.
Why do spam professorles follow me?
I suspect that my bookie is a huge fan of Brandon League.
FF Awesome artists to follow!
Have an awesome weekend!!
Are you IN?
If not, go to barackobama.com right now and join!
All the turkeys done.
Time to go wash the smell of 300 fried turkeys and oil off....lol
Stupid bitch!
Do your fucking job instead of just flirting
I know, right?
We just found out about this crazy thing called the interweb, and apparently people have been using it for years!
Everyone head on over to our facebook to check out the sick EP artwork we just posted!
Let us know what you think!
I got enough money to get to la.
But dont have enough for fair reserve money and deposit for place.
Dammitt.
Lol
LoveVoodoo is sponsoring SlutWalk DC  in our nation's capitol  tomorrow 114.
Join us in the walk and then afterwards at our booth.
WANT A NEW FOLLOWER?
Follow , they're following everyone RIGHT BACK!
And tweet them if you live in Ohio!!!!
Oh!
Total shoutout to the parent of a kid that knew what Malley's Chocolates was.
:D
Breakfast yum ;D 3
When weeding, to make sure you remove a weed and not a valuable plant, pull on it.
If it comes out of the ground, its a plant.
sixers couldn't of played worse tonight.
Bad decisions down the stretch by Lou killed them
breaks something in a store backs away slowly like nothing happened 
Your mom is kinda cooler than you...
it's important for plaxico burris to play for a team that wins.
And we win.
A lot.
steelers backup qb byron leftwich
Had a nice nap!
:
Actually, the one night before is because it's for Sabbath and I can't cook on the Sabbath so it all has to be done beforehand.
I have decided I want to move to Maine when i grow up!!
For now i will enjoy summer vacation in Virginia though :
Sometimes good people do bad things
So.
Nurse sent me home cause of my eye.
Doctor at 11
here here!
yea she's gorgeous but i don't think i have any ill double check..
woe is me..
man i miss that.
hey thanks so much for the s..o on ya!flash.
the premise for ticktock sounds great!
how's diablo3?
Okay just got off the phone....
probably won't talk to her for another month or two....
but at least i figured out the schedule....
With an appointment letter in hand, I'm happy to say officially that I'll be returning to Marist College for a fourth year.
awe ur the best
I got money in these jeans so they fit my kinda snug...
The Conservatory is open from 10am5pm Dec 24th!
Thank you for all of the FF 3
Agree!
RT : 1hr of extra sleep tonight won't be worth the loss of daylight.
Oh well.
I'll get thru it......somehow.
can u follow me?
ShockingNerlensAnnouncement Nappy boys AIN'T gonna be okay.
Fuck that new girl that you like so bad 3
Nowhere to go for a jog where we are staying and it looks like a mcDs breakfast is in my future
Happy New Year!
I don't know if you all are aware of this but MASS EFFECT 3.
well...that game sucked.
The 4th was awsome!
Great BBQ awsomes fireworks in banks.
What more could i have asked for?
haha gramma?
I'm pretty sure I'm the youngest out of all of brandis friends
thanks so much for checking us out!
We also have a 60 off merch  music sale going on right now :
If you're cheering at the BostonMarathon today, or any race, stick around for the slower runners.
We really appreciate the crowd support!
exactly why this is just depressing
If you are tweeting from the Empowered to Connect Conference, be sure to use the ETC11 hashtag.
: picking wedgies during practice cause you're fearless and you honestly could care less athleticgirlprobz
Time to spark a blunt and have a Game of Thrones marathon with Amy and !
bahaha I would too!
You totally should.
Go to 2fers tomorrow and go crazy!
If anyone wants to follow us personally, follow or convince to start using Twitter.
Book two of the summer, done.
I think this is the first time I've every watched MSNBC.
but they did a few weeks ago.
Right back at ya!
xo
BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid ...i remember not understanding life and always thought impossible was possible ..and i still embrace that
Truly missing my bed...
The die has been cast.
What work the tool provided actually accomplishes, we'll see.
Game birds are commonly hung out to doctor!
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited, or erased.
It can only be accepted.
Everything is coming together so brilliantly until I realize the timing is a little off....shit!!!!
I can't unblock my tweets because there are bitches that I don't want to be able to see the shit I tweet.
xD
YES!!
RT Careful of those 100Calorie packs.
You can get away with 1, but eating several defeats the purpose.
Choose healthier!
I hope all is well with you.
And I hope you will resume posting your castings soon.
Your site has been invaluable to me!
I'm cool so I track trends in London..
Yeah :
XML, programming languages, etc.
as part of language requirements for PhD programs.
Interesting ideas in the last panel!
how are you today?
It's so glad that our first lucky guy has turned out!
And he has got a surprise gift that values 50.
Wow ARod finally Ran !!
He's Out of breath xD haha.
THE MIGHTY COMBINATION OF KRILL, SKILL, AND THE LETTER X!
KMA in the Bill Building for real
RT Ty doll!
Im sure I do just haven't been online RT : if you have an account on GagaDaily...
Hosea 14:3 ...
for in you the fatherless find compassion.
what are the suspensions
Exodus 22:2223 Do not take advantate of a widow or an orphan.
If you do and they cry out to me, I will certainly hear their cry.
VA is too early to call?
When it was just Mitt vs.
Ron?
Ack!
I'm very excited too!
Just not looking forward to a potentially long night in the Joburg airport...
i am u too
Absolutely  the resemblence is uncanny!
XO J
Sick at homee..
:/
yeah that's super cool.
Now if only it would follow me around the club and make me look like a celebrity :
mixing with citron tonight on the rocks.
Maybe make a nice soup also.
Me too.
RT : Love reading Lakers fans posts on my timeline.
Hahahah its funny when people dont understand my humor .
Overdose killed artist Thomas Kinkade, coroner says
Forgot my glasses, headphones and my sanity on my desk this morning.
Can you give us specifics?
Times, dates, locations, directions?
With that information we can investigate.
Thank you.
Bernard Mergen Snow arouses playfulness...
extraordinary, a break from everyday routines; it stimulates imagination and fantasy.
CADIGs AutoTable brings in formatted Excel tables as a DXF in Revit and keeps a link open to autoupdate.
I would give Ms Nobody a 7/10..
not bad, not great, but overall entertaining.
why did this week go by so fast??
:
Bigger things coming!
Gr8 mtg this morning w/ LaMont Summersett.
Green Biz opts abound.
If you don't mind me saying, your prose has improved over the last couple years or so.
Private Coaching in LA.
Online sessions available for students around the world!
Call 6206951 for an intro session
Monday Already....
Visited Pompano Beach this morning back at the Yankee Clipper...
Tommorrow Hollywood Ca and the main reason for being
my hair may or may not be a shade of purple
lol I can't keep waking up like this 
to all u doctorvers in se wisc i apologize for the road rage in my girls lol
Happy happy birthday!
Take my advice: fill up the car and wear 2 coats today
yes I just live tweeted the news.
We must always change, renew, rejuvenate ourselves; otherwise, we harden.
Goethe
Rock Chalk baby.
We may fight and i annoy the crap outta you, and yet you still deal with my weirdness no matter what.
I love you mom.
mister is a sartorial wizard.
I expect he'll be a sharp competitor.
RBP 4.
4.5 billion years from now the Milky Way Galaxy will collide with the Andoctormeda Galaxy.
we are pretty full on acts but I may add another 1/2 hour what do you do
okay.
uh get off limit already!!!:
Which also means we will be holding off on recording the EP as well.
looks awesome.
I love it when I'm eatin oreos and I finish my milk and there is a whole bunch of Oreo at the bottom
I can't wait.
LET'S GO HEAT!!
Don't worry.
It has now started.
You can safely ignore my tweets for the rest of the night.
P.s.
giants just scored
HAHAHA  so funny you shared this with me, cause that's my coworker's blog she made this morning
Scratch  Here and smell, this is how your electronically filed tax return smells
I LOVE THIS :D
lets chill tomorrow
gearing up for early April launch in San Francisco, NYC, and Philadelphia!
Time for some games.
RT : Maddox grounds out, runners advance.
Second and third, two down for Tobias
omg I was thinking that!!
hey!
It was so much fun!
I wanna start in Feb!
wow umm that was rude....and you obviously dont know good music then cause she is a amazing singer
Its all gunna b okay.....ill meet mb again....ill,meet mb again
My sat night?
Watchin ten commandments...
lol good.oh and also ihateit someone texts you then you don't reply instantly so they decide once you text back you get no reply
bitch I'm n bed needing to wrap my head n I ain't even do that
I'll take a listen!
Thanks!
EROCK
Too bad this kid doesn't have a twitter.
ur brother is funny!
I miss mad TV!
Anyone interested in doing some downanddirty videos for an energy doctornk company?
Phone cameras are fine, no experience required.
Okay, time to tweet my life away.
Haven't don't this in a while.
:
This idea of 'believing in yourself' can really take over  Geena Davis
SEC getting stronger w/ Serrano while there a lot of unknowns on the West Coast..
Will the gap widen?
Hungry.
Bored.
Sore.
Don't apologize for singin' about chicken...Mary J...spend da money right..and send me some why u at it..lol
these hoes think they cute wit they ratchet ass!!!
DONT WRITE ME FUCKIN BITCH PEOPLE!!!!!!
No thanks, but nice try RT : follow for Clemens trial gold
It's tacky that they eliminate contestants rather than select semifinalist.
Respect for the law: Good.
Fear of police: Bad
I already took my exams
Yes, please.
I LOVE YOU RT : SO happy I got to see my sweet baby loveyoubeautiful 
Most women don't know where to look when they're eating a banana...
Why did I every stop studying to Norah Jones?
I wrote so many awesome papers to her in undergrad.
Must continue this now!
Oracle Introduces New Sun x86 Servers  the Industry's Best x86 Platform for ...
MarketWatch
since you asked, medicare wouldn't be needed if the govt didn't set prices on services  cause reg ins to cost a too much
We Gucci  : Lmao His Dad  Sister Coming Tomorrow
Disappointed to know both myself  club owner in Manchester have been taken advantage of by shady promoter Jen Dunbar.
UK gig 4/22 canceled
A big CONGRATS goes to for winning the competition on Friday!
What a fun race!
Thank You!
Cholo adventures is get down crazy funny
Sorry guys :
best article i've ever read.
sign in
iTunes is so dumb!
All I wanna do is burn a cd!!!
.
Pete Rose SHOULD be in the Hall of Fame, but regardless, Reds fans should STFU about Braun...
Where starting a new reality show inbound island
Today is a brand new day  No fools day!
Welcome to 2 the CoffeeTalk Jazz Radio/TV Looking forward 2 your tweets.
Really bummed out today.
Being alone can be tough sometime.
Have a good one tweets!
ok I will!
thank you!
even an email interview would be awesome justsayin 
Lol, I know how ya feel.
I use an ipod alot.
The autocorrect is a dickhead.
what's the saying...
you're either part of the solution or part of the problem...
:
In truth to attain interior peace one must be willing to pass through the contrary to peace.
SBrahmanada
in less than 24 hours I'll be done 
You win a belly full of fire
great news!
What setting did you choose?
Haha no one likes this bitch , Rofl
Stoked to watch the 1000 Journals project movie!
Super excited to see David Rollo of BLiNQ speak at OMMA Social today!
Thanks to MPOMMA for a great event!
The list, the intention, the release.
u gother pork
lmaooo thankss babee I feel honored that it's your 3rd time wishing me a happy birthday!!
love you 3333
We're heading to General session to find ways to revitalize our nations cities.
Lord, Today I pray for Honesty.
Help me to choose my words wisely; speaking what others need to hear, NOT what others want to hear.
Amen
We are going to give out tshirts to 2 in attendance who thank for sponsoring with web414 hasthag
Good morning !
Thanks for the follow.
How are you today?
wanna play 20 ?'s ???
to pass time?
y dont u play with all us mahomies nd have us answer and retweet the first answer u see!:
PLEASE FOLLOW MEE HARRY PLEASES xx
I actually found the Groupon commercial about whales the really funny.
I found them snarky about customers not the whales!
Thank you so much, Jennifer!
that's why you only have a select few as true friends
you can get news about the
haha I only had braces for 4 months and that was 4 years ago:
I've been given a honey dolist and I'm last second lunching it with college buddy at 1:30  let's see how it shakes out.
So.
I think I may just have to wing a Raquel look.
xD At least until AWA.
HOPEFULLY I'll have a better bod by then.
almost exact.
Indiana Ice will play most of its games at Bankers Life Fieldhouse the next 2 seasons with a smaller  of games played at Pan Am Plaza.
Go and doctorwn your sorrows in the waters of Lake Minnetonka!
Sam Dekker that is all!!
Better to consider some things a MEANS rather than an END...
Who's carrying you home?
I'm likin' me some Joe Jonas in Camp Rock 2 ;
Aguirre doubled up to end the inning.
.
their brand of football and confidence is strong, i see no slump and it was YOU who was punting Rodgers!
we just love and is there anything better than a bentspoon cupcake followed by a good book?
careful what you ask for 5 heartbeats and after 7 lol.
Wow
Of Course they are.
The gunlobby is probably the reason FL is taking its time to bring this case to a resolution.
Went to the gym with my iPod, headphones, keys, a pair of The Boy's socks,  my racquetball glasses.
...
no one cares what you think no title in 40yrs!!
its time now!!
I think you mean convenient stores, but that would be interesting.
working on it so I will be ready for the masters division when I turn 50
Couples massages for Valentines Day!
2 Swedish massages for 200.00 includes glass of champagne and chocolate!
Good Feb 1214.
Call NOW
Today in 1997, 'Marchin Already' by Ocean Colour Scene reaches
Pharmacy  Reduced Costs up to 55  WalMart  LORAZEPAM 
Thanks for following!
:D
That awkward moment when when your telling your friend something so hilarious and they say: You already told me!
and your like ........Oh
FF thats flipfloppin Friday!
A personal tree understands when we lose our Selves.
Our personal tree listens with a clean heart.
Well hey, I bet you're doing good!
Graduation swag!!!!
His accent was terrible, but it was a lovely moment to watch.
We'll have to make some bilingual recordings for baby D.
love u too nique and thank u for allowing me to spend time with my niece.
Benjy's gots a twitter now everyone stalk him
Finished the slides for my first lecture as visiting professorssor at Info tech students, you are going to have a great semester!
In the States we have a 'do not call' registry.
Forgot I was on the ballot to be a delegate for the Florida Dem Convention.
Well, the election is tomorrow.
I should be campaigning.
Researchers in 04' tested 10 umbilical cords of newborns and found on average 200 toxic chemicals!
Cleansing is so important!
Almost to Hollywood...Florida.
Go!
Habs Go!
yeah I heard it from all our techs and doctors.
Yeah oh well, at least it wasn't shrimp.
how abt this: my talk is mostly abt copyr notices.
Discuss.
again struggles through his Harpo Marxitis for yet another day :
They all ran away cause they heard I was coming 
Carl, I have a tremendous idea for a sitcom.
May you DM me your email addoctorss?
Trust me, this idea is huge.
Listening to Sunshine Of Your Love by Living Colour
Gonna go and get ready to watch Justin3 bbl lovies:
kentucky looks a little gassed.
Coming back to the east coast?
:
I would love to know 3
Diamond Club service is on point tonight
Same phenom., diff.
flavors?
Considering Wellman's networked individualism vs.
connected autonomy.
: paradox, indeed!
Video's from Central Park are being uploaded.
Take a look!
Our student section just parted the red sea' hahahahaha made my freaking day
It's Wednesday, how are you getting over the hump?
than god 4 that ass:
everygirl gets a little moody, cranky, depressed and emotional sometimes.
I really don't wanna listen to doctorke anymore for some purposes, but it suggests seems to come out on my playlists .
Isn't it a cop out for Romney to file for an extension on his taxes?
Even if it's his right to do so?
Changed my spot...
Sitting on my bed now

OMG niggas cant Stick her !
S/O on that new promo video.
nigga I just said we'll see, there's a chance they could win
your hometown is what made you, you
This Song 
You guys are like ICONic in the school's basketball history then !
;p
A belated thanks for the FF mention!
Q's about online limits for kids?
Join us and Parenting Editor of for Tweetchat on 5/8 7PMET at
Dude, agree!
Zach, you need to jam to some  get off that boy band sht!
Review: Lensbaby Makes Tilt Shift Simple
ERROR 37 ALL DAY
I'm late but The Halo shines tonight!
Angels are starting to find their way.
This team is built on starting pitching  defense.
hey D!
No problems at all since midmorning yesterday.
Mike Wilbon says Pacers fun to watch.
Pacers sales execs gotta hope central Indiana residents get message and start buying tix.
strange that it worked as well as it did.
Must have been one hell of a hat.
I THINK YOU'RE RIGHT MY OBSESSION..
easily how to easily straighten a synthetic wig
Ugh I miss him
A Good Monday starts with a company meeting, right after a Starbucks stop
i love
My crew is attending CNG repair and conversion school this week and will be state certified by the end of the month
I'll be at Penrod this morning signing copies of The Starving Artist's Diet.
Starting a new charity, Helping Central Florida, to help disabled pay for med equip and offer scholarships for volunteer work.
Want to help?
Can you just, okay...
yup!!
And awh thank you bunches!!3
thank you!
I wish I could attend , but I have to go to school tomorrow
your speech at the Hall of Fame was moving  beautiful.
I've loved RHCP for 20 years, tonight you found a new fan in my mom : xoxo
like you always do 
tequila cream chicken!
Kevin Hart: great  end of this week's Modern Family.
He's funny because he's REAL.
He's got enough courage to tell the truth in his work.
then answer my ?
why bring reprod'n into it at all if you dont think it should be a condition?
Spinning at far bar tonight.
Will make ur booty pop.
Come on down.
No cover.
Basically just woke up...one for the books!
pretty name for a pretty woman; haha lol
Expect the Unexpected.
Shall I read Ashley Mears's Pricing Beauty on the plane, or embarrass myself by watching Ringer finale?
So many decisions.
lol were u the only one tht got kissed by one of the Boyz??
If anybody can handle a controversial role with dignity, class,  true acting chops, its you!
Good luck in your meeting!
Writing and working on new book daily...
what a treat!
Congrats to 's on being named Rookie of the Year by College Hockey News.
Welcome to the neighborhood!
Don't hesitate to call should you wish to plan a TEA menu!
Would anyone like to hear Last Story acoustic?
Songs that say FCK.
Listen to the bit ....A FCKING MESS at www.freekshowradio.com Sign up there for updates.
I don't want some crackhead llama!!
You gonna ship it I'm from Chile?
Haha
Wondering what next week will bring me.
Will Aidan's school situation be resolved?
Will EJ find out that Sidney is his baby?
Hmm.
We'll see.
someone tweet me.
please
We look like we in love, but only on camera
Even my bad wishes are good if I hurt no one.
not since midApril.
.200 OBP will do that.
He jacked that huge HR in game 1 against the Dodgers and zero since.
No, it's due midnight tonight, or so says the syllabus.
Do you need until tomorrow?
RT : welcome to the club, just got arrived myself.
folks are nice here...
i'm sure it'll pass.
well you know, I just have so many friends that I couldn't pick one to be my screensaver, so I picked myself imhot 
This Is For Them 50 Somethings Hell Ya Half Way There Baby Take It To The Head
Preorder placed!
And had an excellent convo with the booksellers about SHADOW AND BONE, to boot.
I hate styling pagers.
Darren Sutton is calling the Brewers game?
Good thing I have to study.
You have no idea how ready I am for this year to be over.
While 3 of you graduate and I continue:/ JuniorStatus xD
awesome, working on a new EP right now, can't wait to be done, and put it out!
Happy mothers day too !
dont take it offensives it's just his opinion : i love iJever : if you have a problem with that it's fine...
i dont mind.
Thanks everyone!
I wasn't really close with baby randy.
But thanks for the kind words!
I was waiting for the invitation ; haha
I got SPOILED for my birthday.
I finally had to upgrade my computer other lawyers going to the cloud I am going to windows 7
they are working to addoctorss
Sitting with a big cup of coffee writing  playing my 4 string tenor Irish banjo.
It's incredible how inspiring playing a new instrument is
Waking up to this dope life that we live is such a blessing!!!
Anything doctorke or Robyn!
PS We're coming Sun with Brad's superathletic sister
I'm sitting here hoping some thing good happens
Wonder if things are going better for my AAHGS buddies at the National Archives...wanted to join them but go a late start
Im out here im out here im out here im out here
Really looking forward to girls' night with some incredible friends tonight, who hoo!
We're still in the lab mixing up a stronger Toot Away.
Should be back in market soon!
Thanks for all of your support.
He may sue for incorrect citation/quotation, but his implicit message is going to hurt his image.
haha it was a joke
I didn't unfollow you Lil homie.
I don't run my own account but I'll follow you back.TO EVERY1.
I DON'T RUN MY OWN ACCOUNT
Ops!
I guess we all make mistakes.
Last version had a bug in it.
It's been squashed and a new release is ready for action!
Be open and willing to make adjustments on a daily basis.
Doing so will take you farther than you could have imagined.
watching for stpatricksday!
doctornking game: swig each time the boys use the F wordSlinte!
Sure anything for a belieber!:
...GAH!
in my case, evil, evil squirrels who take only one bite....
I'm in love with deep house music, a genre I like to classify as 'classy lounge.'
did some things you cant speak of but at night you live it all again /3
So nice to walk down the street to thealcove for an after work happyhour glass of wine :
All appears to change when we change.
Yep!
Next one is Alexandoctora.
I definitely plan to be there.
Was at Wolf Park during last one and totally worth it
Unleash your creativity with our Creativity Series in The Lab w/ Mary Catherine, Lisa, Melissa  Kimberly, Mar.
10, 17, 24, 31 at 11:30 am
Gonna have to make me another mix :
great representation 4 Occupy LA Vegan Restaurant venture 8th/Olive Bldg
Cashin out by cash out that shit.
Kangaroos can't jump backwards
I cant wait to see you in Omaha hopefully I get lucky and you sign my pennys
hm, I think we should try out for the NFL, what do you think?
haha
living wage .
.
.
boy, that's specific .
.
.
what parameters could you POSSIBLY throw on that one?
R u doing concerts in Tokyo or just visiting?
We sound like a broken record abt Child Abuse but this song is being played all over.
If we want the song to stop, we have to make it stop.
.
Assoc of Rehabilitation Nurses President and Preselect Michelle Camicia just had a great mtg w/ your staff.
TY
Happy National Puppy Day!
Didyouknow Aromatherapy is safe for pets?
My dog loves the Yun Aroma Diffuser!
Life Fucking sucks sometimes
Bruce is a legend!
Follow these Midnight in Wilmington sponsors!
Happy FF!
YES!
RT : Alrighty wrigley building folks and those surrounding Lunch!
Lamb/Veal/Pork cheeks/ lobster/artichoke/porchetta!
As soon as I finish w this Yoga book MT so many books 2 choose from!
you need to read something by Fuentes
Dopeboy's with no car should have on dope runner's or they're
Great customer service from
Live TV has long been the favorite source of video for most Americans.
But with the advent of VOD, DVRs, OTT and mobile TV, today's typical
Cannot wait for NCTE11 w/ Time to make this an annual tradition.
get real bozo.
He looks very dapper.
Sherry shepherd rockin the host position!
I LOVE JESUS!
cool app you're building.
In response to ur APP training, we learned we needed to get windows 8 running inthelab and we're doing that now!
Thanks!
we love you guys  y'all have talent that will bless so many!
Glad to help spread the word because we believe in it honey!
no way my sis is 22!!
haha but she still lives with us............
lol the tornado siren didn't go of here!!
Probably 1414, which came out this winter/spring.
Big BB stout.
So the interview just HAD to be Saturday
awesome!
thank you so much!
would you be willing to write amazon review?
congrats on being a finalist!
Good!
Time to relax, and enjoy!
Who has a moral compass anymore?
LOL!
it's rain because i can't make you love me.
thank you for posting last night's event!
It was a sold out house with standing room only!
Ah life!
and in the blink of eye, tickets to O'Malleys March were gone...
my phone went off in a meeting today.
Granted, it wasn't on live TV, but still...I feel for ya.
He wouldn't even go out in the yard!
Sorry yogis  the DonationBasedYoga class has been canceled for tonight  please disregard the previous tweet
A person's true character is revealed by what he does when no one is watching.
Unknown
RT Hawks, Magic  Nuggets next to get swept !
smells like wet grass and mud.
thanks for a tremendous game  !
Kids are so funny!!
It's pretty funny how the first sentence of my paper took about an hour and a half and I wrote the remaining 3 and a half pages in an hour
Happy Monday!!!
Hope everyone has a beautiful week!
Hey man, oil is expensive.
RT Dead bodies to be burned to heat UK swimming pool...
straight up hater lol
How did it start?
Did someone rub two dicks together?
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Tyler Perry Studios on fire.
Dm me your email folk.
I'll hit you with the details there my dude.
Fortunate for Bryce Harper.
RT : Good thing Chapman didn't take a page out of Cole Hammels book.
Song title: A Skull Is Not A Sphere.
school is wack
I can't even tell you how much I love life right now.
I don't find you being funny AT ALL.

welcome to Boston!
In the realm of ideas everything depends on enthusiasm.
In the real world all rests on perseverance.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I don't wanna hear your shit lmfao
if I was dumb enough to use gmail.
But to log EVERYTHING on the phone and not tell anyone?
Where you go?
Who you call?
Txts?
same as here; amby619
Did you know?
Marukan is certified Kosher Parve by the Star K Kosher Organization.
Sick sick sick!
They can learn a lot about music at that age too!
Productive practice tonight...pretty much have a new original, and can you say, Medley?
Very interesting talk Phil Long expert in learning spaces at
haha that hurts!!!!
sum1s flooding early!!
did someone just remember they don't have odom, fish, Phil ....or Artest?
;
The person has a twitter now too..?
ya Madison called me a good dancer
emotional consciousness  feelings  values; trust; EQ; crucial conversations; self  others awareness
Be the first to name this guy and win a
lemme get a RT tho.
Come on with it bro
PerfectGuyForMeIs Brian Boyle
This has been the longest I've watched BET
untrue!
he will be effing CHARMED.
I'm not surprised though he's good at hiding it.
Alex will be a good manager after this show lol
The loss in employment in sales, service and manufacturing out way the remaining balance.
we wanna reach the 100 today.
can we do that?
i think so.
this is a brandnew account and i'm amazed that we get so many followers
May 16 is the Next Step Breakfast!
RSVP today for a free and delicious chance to learn more about the Next Step Program!...
90 of my wardoctorbe is my favorite bands tshirts.
Guilty.
RT : Oh god yes.
RT : record  of Pack fans just clicked that Twitpic link
lol!
Nah no doctorads Trin!
He did grow it out...
I think he has some ugly ass plats in once!
what exactly is 'it'?
Who killed chivalry???????
RT if you would wanna hear some more screamin' out of !
He's too beastie of a screamer to keep quiet!
:D
I don't think people understand how difficult it is to only have 4 team turnovers if Russell Westbrook is your starting PG.
is it cute?
Tweet me a picture!!!!
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
Oh man, pick and choose wisely.
Damn celtics cut it close but the Garden was ROCKIN tonight!
Gonna need that at the arena Monday eh Las Vegas?
11/15/2010 Babson College Forum on Entrepreneurship and Innovation: Crash Course for Entrepreneurs BostInnovation
this makes me feel so old..
it means i'm lucky.
Which is more affective/painful, the Cunt Punt or the Titty Twister?
I wanna beat someone up tonight  need to plan my footwear accordingly.
LilTunchi in Hawaii :P
oh, glitter queen says use mica.
it's natural, though i don't know where it comes from.
Opportunity will coming knocking on your door.
It won't pick the lock though if you were waiting to answer.
What feature can you not live without on your cell phone?
I have a few times, but nothing on the books at the moment...
.how ever the fuck you spell it!
Flamin' hot Funyuns are the shit !
MediaPost: Restaurant Locations Down, But Sales Up
Mornin' sir!
: Hope you have an amazing day!
just trying to keep me head above water 
Gotta get dis nut off...Help me out
Does Willie Bobo get a contract too?
Seriously, congrats on the new digs.
Ap euro test today
Guys...52 for a 20 min can ride.
Just because my destination is an airport!?!?!
Going to Anaheim for a business conference in two weeks.
Staying at Disney's Paradise Pier Resort.
Very excited!
We're excited at Oklahoma Home Repair!
Redoing our website with a new focus.
It will be done very soon so stay tuned!
Interesting articles by ex  current football pros in papers todayall with open minds about using healers  alt methods 4 injury recovery
great week this week , got a bite from a major label will know more this week will, let all people know whats going on.
Real good news!!!
Wolf Pack fans invaded San Francisco!
Watching Regis and Kelly.
I sec tech problem ..
Fixit it for you now!
:
Watches To Match Your Prom doctorsses
I packed 2 luggages in less than an hour.
WordPress Tools Bloggersnap  Allow your visitors to take a webcam shot and post it to your blog.
we fish if the weathers nice and if we all aren't busy
FITzees, we're still working on snack ideas!
Keep 'em coming; we're loving your input!
Today's Pricing Tip: Look at customers online shopping patterns create diff't price lines based on how much customer will be willing 2 pay
Which image and what sort of school?
How does a mama pig put her piglets to sleep?
She reads them pig tales.
Tomorrow is Day 4 and the last day of from 116pm, bring EVERYONE you know and help knock this Flatstock out of the park!!
Pet food commercials, you are getting out of control.
Thanks for the tip!
Looks like it's time for me to set up some RSS feeds...
Ah!
That's awesome!
Congrats, Dave!!
when are we doing yoga..?
Do interactive extras in etextbooks contribute to learning or distract from it?
thanks for an amazing time last night.
Carley is very lucky to have great friends like you!
I sent you a text the other day.
You never responded.
Not cool.
is rocking it!
Do you believe a year ago we sat down with in a Starbucks chatting about his endeavor?
Episode 388  Watching with Lorraine Cink!
Reviews: Conan The Barbarian Vol 3 1, Mondo 1, No Place Like Home 1 Jimmy is joined in stud
what a brilliant thing for an airline to have something like .
I hope they find them miracle fast!
We're working on it!
By summer/early fall, we will have the app, daily emails and website in Spanish.
I'll announce here!
Thx4askin
seems like they should keep that stuff locked up.
whats good bro?
I had a convo about the biz, and someone who knows you raved about how good of a guy you are!
So good to hear!
The website is getting a makeover!
Launching soon!
where are u by?
Ha!
I'm so out of fashion that I had to look that one up.
Now if it were REI or North Face...
Omg thank u made my week
I think I've outgrown Idol.
I only like  I would buy his music.
3 years working nights was enough for me.
Avi Selk can handle.
Too many jokes today lmao
Working on a film.
I want to do a silent film too.
I will make it happen!
Thanks to the great volunteers from SunTrust, St.
Paul's Baptist Church, and Virginia Union University yesterday at 's
: Please follow me back so I can DM you for the cfasanjose prize.
Thanks!!
I have ben a fan of your since 90's My first love name was Marina and like you she was beautiful.blessings to you andfamily!
Skrillex sucks.
There, I said it.
Happy Valentines Day!
RT I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
I've been watching since the beginning, and every episode was worth watching.
Congrats on 100!
So much for the revenge rematch in the NFC Championship game.
Espys tomorrow night all star game tonight don't forget
If Twitter is a gun, that Ahcee Flores is now a rotten meat.
Did u try it?
RT : hazelnut spread, banana, bacon on buttered bread....
OO doesnt sound too good
what color are alien's eyes usually?
when you coming to San Diego again
I caught that a year ago.
Real bad.
Takes a lot of alcohol.
But its gone now!
My new favorite blog takes on the Newbery past and present, while referencing AC/DC.
Yea boy!
Hot  Spicy Cheezits and a ice cold brew for me yadig!
I miss them too Lily, more than you can imagine..
she lights up rooms!
RT : Your pictures are killing me!
I hope you're having as fantastic a time as I think you are!
I'm laying down now lol and I'm really tired haha
ThingsPeopleWithRatchetBlackberrysSay RT : Just because you have an iPhone don't mean you classy.
I need to doctornk some red bull for my job.
I was chased down by lil kids  I think one of them gave me cold :
make sure you and your Clifton friends stay away from that OVI checkpoint tonight!
lol...good times!
I hope everything goes well for you.
:
you know you've done mad cardio when your underwear is absolutely SOAKING wet and everything else.
3
Mick and we can say nigga on twitter dude..
you so disrespectful.
Wow.
Work on the Rec Center in Clifton Park is underway finally.
Sleep I want you!
I think I should do some porn again.
Judging a panel coming off of being very sick.
Startup life?
Wouldn't have missed it for the world, though.
women2 Great event!
Thanks, I'll follow back.
Nice to meet you!!
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe haters,bitchy people,singing loudly and screechy,bugs,pain,snobs,slow Internet,ignorance,criticism,and DoratheExplorer
AintNothingLike getting no warning and then all of the sudden You have used up all of your Unemployment benefits.
Oh great!
Now what?
RT : orioles have struck out 15 times and hit into 6 DPs.
Wieters with 2out double in 15th.
Chris Davis is up!
Father of Marine Lance Cpl Zach Smith speaking with Bob Lonsberry about the name on Post Office issue.
A petition is online.
steph and tyree dougie video got me in tears right now
oh really!!
so no longer a virgin!
good good lol yeh ive moved here :
It's officially time to start worrying.
When they should be playing better, they just aren'tin every phase
Argh.....If the Broncos dont get Turbin i am gonna be PISSED!!!!!
Establishing lasting peace is the work of education; all politics can do is keep us out of war.
doctor Maria Montessori

first, congrats on the new gig.
Second, your name came up in a convo last night.
Third, beer next week?
I cannot resume my game.
My saves vanished.
How?
Bad To The Bone .
haha yea and I promised you that like a long time ago remember :P lol
Coffee..
at least I could walk faster if I ran out of gas.
ThingsMyExSaid I wont do it again
waah sore throat :/
No never!
I'm sure I'll become obsessed.
Did u know?
POC was the 1st guard 2 use a tarp  WGI this year we're setting trends again!
'Summer of love'  tarp free!
12uMajor big texas cool down brackets are up on turntwo.og
THX 2 everyone  Chi Arch Club   the panelists  winners of UnComp who made Build On a Success!
When people think I'm 17, max
when your last tweet was not a you tube video, I became significantly less interested.
I want to be your faite hello, and your hardest goodbye.
Tomorrow we are throwing down for the music industry folk.
Oak tavern.
10 pm.
I just ate real gud, now I'm getting sleepy smh
you've guys gone so far and tht's great for ur career congrats.
Hope u guys have fun and enjoy the states on ur tour!Visit VA
I love tht song :
don't you darn?
College softball:
good morining everyone and HAPPY VALENTINES 3 in the air today
steak knives
Good morning Colorado friends!
Grab a McCaf Frapp this morning on your way to work/school, it's sure to make you happ!
Belated congrats man!
Couldn't have happened to a better person...you're well on your way!
Frankies now carries ice cold beer!
Come check out our variety of Lakefront beers and Miller lite!
If you enjoy the arts, come see Violet Sharp; if you don't enjoy the arts, I hear there's a Katy Perry concert tonight...decide wisely...
have fun walking home bitch.
i puked so much last night
The Atlantic Bank United center is krunk right now!
when is in her 30s she's going to live in a hogan with no running water or electricity
or ya know.
Just keep retweeting and NOT replying.
I understand.
Not really though.
Busy busy day today, not gettin home till after ten.
Do people not understand its my spring break??
LEAVE ME ALONE!
Finna watch Poetic Justice greatmovie  good actors.
on the last day of 8th grade I was the only girl not crying  reminding everyone that we'd be at the same HS
Thanks sounds good!
With the rising of the sun, creation speaks.
Without words, the moon and stars tell of God's great works.
Let us join the heavens in praise.
Look out for a new OMGsocialmedia blog post tonight on escaperoutes!
I feel SUPER old.
meeting great people and learning new things at
im not sure yet, probably like sunday
oh don't think that.
I enjoyed it  just timing was bad.
I would def do it again but not running to do it.
yeah her gma died funeral is saturday.
So I'm spending time with her.
If we end up at the buff I'm not holdin back!
haha this is awesome
Home I left my damn charger in my car across the street  gotta go get it its dark
Thanks Sarah!
Following 's Tweets from sendoff was as good as watching on TV.
Everyone should follow.
If the winner of the Devils Panthers has to play against who really 'wins' tonight?
This is insane.
At the house laying low key watching my steelers play..
Come on steelers u know u can do it..
Halla
Ok...
Who's sleeping with Pau's girlfriend this time???
This is brutal.
I hope that wasn't directed at me 
thank you!
Planning on seeing another couple Peter Watkins films Gladiators and The Diary of an Unknown Soldier
wow 2days goin to be fun pushing carts
I am working 12 out of the next 13 days and then headed back to Oklahoma for a little rest.
Ready for some fresh air and open spaces!
u are something else: :
Mulholland summer juggle: 2 selfemployed parents and one 14yrold who needs to be occupied  great opportunity for improved independence.
L.A.
wields its extraplanetary power judiciously.
Still, Mercury should be careful.
Don't think we won't do it again...
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 66
Stop tweeting about
Isn't that the place that Michael of took over?
If so, I'm looking forward to trying it out one day soon.
I'm soo happy when I see someone following me who is legit.
What's up with all the porn tweets?
Do I have to change a setting or something?
you guessed right!
d;
wow jst getting ready for school love and hahahahahah aiit lol x and wat yhu do for a living babe
don't you just hate essays
Yeah you probably don't but I'll let it slide.
It's just a game your still my bro
thnx for follow, back atcha.
Have a good one!
Glad I didn't take my cousin up on those Orange Bowl tickets.
This game is sad.
just do it
Loved mw2012 intro to San Diego air  space museum  amazing A12 titanium spy plane.
Its the first time ever that he had girl dancers in his performance.
I wonder if he will bring them on tour with him?
sexy af.
70 degrees at 2 PM in Central Park.
Even a touch warmer than expected.
Enjoy the afternoon!
We haven't been this warm since last November!
So awesome to be here with so many amazing filmmakers Wonder Women doc just won TAA grant tff Tribeca Film Festival winding up
Thank you for following us :D xoxo
big day every day
Im the satanic hispanic damg!
Embarrassing RT : Washington's two other road wins this year: Charlotte and Detroit.
MY BAD
just boil IMHO.
We only purge crabs b/c of the sand in their mouths that isn't a problem w craw.
Um, breath taking view in Seattle this morning.
Work day is almost over!
Head on over to TK for Wing Night!
.25c wings?
I'll doctornk to that!
Picked Honig 08 Cabernet to complement a steak dinner with clients, which was met with very positive reviews!
Score
promises promises made and broken!
I blame the Royals.
When they were losing, we were winning.
Royals 40 tonight.
Go get'em D!
So funny to hear a lie when you know the truth!
Sorry to hear about your fender bender!
Good news is now in LA!
Get your car fixed w/o leaving your house.
Now I remember why I stopped going to the bar
Ilithyia's secret will be exposed, hence the scene where she is a hot mess on the ground!: Someone will definitely be killed!
If I keep working out like I have been, I may have a shot at becoming a barbarian warrior in the larper community
best video ever.
We are entering a golden age of digital long form with tablets  ereaders, says Slates
Too...many....commercials!!!!
One of these years I am going to run the Flying Pig.
For real.
consider us attended.
Yesterday was effin' crazy.
Learned my lease won't be renewed, GF got 2 job offers, the Doc wants me to change meds, and I lost my keys.
Up early to do some educational outreach in Minneapolis this morning.
The kids always give us energy!
Ah that's horrible!
Adele is beautiful just the way she is.
When you say Wisconsin, you've said it all!
masseffect3 looks incredible.
Great game last night
At Teambuilding for Supervisors with Looking forward to a great session!
Come visit me while I man the desk at Champion Contemporary until 6:00 today!
Glad to be home.
Can't wait to sleep.
Fiesta withdoctorwal?
We open at 9 AM  come get your hot air balloon fix!
Check out our new exhibit Fun and Game in Ballooning.
They make sure 2 keep me on my game!!!
; RT : it's nice to be called out by Nike Loooooooooool
There is not one thing China is now doing that America is not doing in principle media censorship, oppression of dissident voices
Why you gotta be so mean ?
FF a fresh, smart online magazine for African Diaspora news/politics/ideas
Afternoon break question: Do you wash your car or let the car wash do it?
I'm lowkey geeked to be going back two his crib tonight.
I getta see GABE!!!
I'm curious to know who's at Ari's party right now.
:
Both true and LOLworthy.
Yet the interview is about, y'know, the iPhone.
Damn elitist media/academic publishing.
is your show a reality show?
Just offered a brand new blanket to a homeless guy.
He declined and asked if I had any cash for him instead.
Sam round 1
Watching the movie Adventureland this afternoon, which just so happens to feature my beautifully talented friend
Hahahaha!
Got it now I thought you were using some new monitoring app or something ;
Glad to hear, that is one of our fave doctornks on the list too.
lol they'd never let u :/
God is a seriously cool dude
Honey badger don't care?
Well I don't give a FUCK....beat that honey badger
I'll be at 's session today  will be at conf all day today  thru closing luncheon tomorrow.
Not if you feed him well.
So grateful to have people in my life who continue to challenge and encourage me...They give me such motivation to rise to the occasion!!
RT : : What's your fave album?
RIPMCA.
Check Your Head
Those around me that support the success I pursue, will be those that benefit from it.
For you.
Not the citizens.
I want Detroit to succeed, my dad grew up there.
Cal has no money and is doctorwning in debt.
that happens to me all the time.
and with Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday too.
;
Come pick up Soma tickets from me if you want to see play on Saturday :
I just realized that last night me  had the longest conversation we've had with each other.
Kinda nice : thanks Cassy3
RT  everytime you nudge me in doctorw something i make you wait longer patience Agreed.
The mona lisa wasnt made in a day
My friend keeps threatening me that he's going to get me a puppy.
He would actually get it.
hah oh boy.
its like a cigarette in the mouth, or a handshake in the doorway...
I look at you and smile cause I'm fine
Will be doing PA for Kettle Moraine football this year.
Excited to do it again after a little break.
So is Linsanity officially a permanent trending topic now?
Hi.
Playing TONIGHT at Jovita's.
10pm.
Christmas music and jazz standards to gear you for for the Swan Dive's Winter Ball on Friday!
Praying for the Greenland NH PD after this horrible tragedy.
ya bro...
at least im not cooped up in a van all day.
Chrysler 2 minute Superbowl spot best in game so far, regardless of where you live.
But I live in Detroit!
S/O to my new followers
Good Reminder!!!
RT If you can, text the word REDCROSS to 90999 to donate 10 to Japans emergency relief, a little goes a long way.
I seriously need a job soon so i can move to nyc already
I just signed up for the Warrior Dash in July.
I've never done ANYTHING like this  should be fun way to get out of my comfort zone.
Oh my gosh, I did Spain 2 summers ago and Barcelona was my FAV.
I'm so jealous.
And I'm half Russian, so that is on my list!
YEAH BUDDY IM JAMMIN 2 THA FOO FIGHTERS...XD I LOVE THAT BAND!!
IM A ROCK N ROLL CHICK UP NEXT THE BEATLES HERE COMES THE SUN 3
I order a pizza and slam that ass!!
Omg HOLYTALETO is trending!!!
Holy Taleto!!
So Girl Wat Cha Singing For ?
Trying to clean before a UT student comes to my house to interview me about Barbie collecting.
Got the doctoram Pool in the doll room.
Fear of the unknown cripples the mind of those that have no faith in the known!
love you too.
3 so can we talk to Carson now?!
RT : Hearing a lot of people say apps when they really mean sites.
We really need to get this basic distinction right.
bro, sign with the ducks already
Prefilled description.
Also, Pinterest has been slow/down several times for me.
OMG I would not be left in the dark with Minaj.
StrangeVoices Ha.
Jessica doesn't even sound 16...wow
i haven't told u my theory that Gosling's character is essentially a car/robot, metaphorically speaking?
Yay I finally got my doctoram catcher belly ring :'
The Silk Tie likes Ghazi!
thesilktie.com?
the movies off ...
You guys can go if you want to !
I'm just going to stay home !
Donna: I just saw Shame last night!!!
Loved it!!
Have u seen it
: Idc who you are, if you talk about my mom; You will get doctorpped.
okay what the heck i don't know what you're talking about but something happened today and i was thinking the same thing so
Finished my lesson plan while listening to 50 Cent.
Don't judge me!
boss ya life up
I am waiting for someone to like me
Final tweet of the night for me...Umm...A.
Rodgers is pretty good
Changed my flight from 530 to 430.
Paid 50.
Flight delayed to 530.
Seems like this Jacksonville or New York decision that Tebow gets to make is a no brainer.
Go where you're wanted and can start.
Bored in school!!
more excitement and action in tennis..
IMO
Great start
I'll be at the Ben and Jerry's at 11 am.
Come on down and say hello.
cool..
What kind?
I seriously think should do a contest a Wristband give away..
cheer up!!!
We were actually already following you!
Follow us back.
we feature your tile often, if you want to share 
talk to Anna make it sound like the best thing ever cause like it is
Remember Google doctorve?
That's what I was initially planning on doing.
A lot of votes for TNG then DS9.
RT : SchoolMemories meeting wit her big bright smile  awh !
I LOVE it!!
You bet!
me.
too.
He's so perfect.
Other guy says I know!
I cant wait to pose him!
Made my day.
Noemi won't wake up .
I feel so close to you right now, its a force field.;
Why do I always pick the wrong guys :
You have to go to your order history.
Kinda loads.
that just made my heart doctorp
We'll be gentle...
Congratulations to the USC Class of 2012.
The world is your classroom.
Never stop learning!
Kindle Edition?
Will it come to iBookstore?
I would love to buy a thousand.
Recording Begins.
Gn.
Do you use QR tags?
I can't stop watching mikey and nick rapping I love there voices
Oh, it is going to storm tonight!
My OR Books counterpart in the UK  RT I just had lunch with Julian Assange.
Lovely guy.
amazing ustream like always !!
Loved you but can you please tell me Andoctorws twitter and follow me please would make my day 3
We all use to meet up and have parties now we meet up to have weddings.
adding some Health 2.0 magic to the dctech crowd!
RT: Gemini pride themselves on not being needy, they enjoy being independent
Never in my life thought I'd say I'm working on custom pillowcases that are bad ass, but I am.
And they are.
Punk as fuck...
sometimes i wonder who the fuck i am.
Niggas really be sleep in on wake up!
Have you ever gotten a message that made you feel like you said or did something wrong?
You give me that humming bird heartbeat ;3
And when the remaining characters finally die!!
Especially the video camera guy, he deserved it!
Muahahahaa
Love when Bud Selig says that baseball is as popular as ever been .
Dude needs to take a look at the Camden Yards right now
O so mad right now, try it sometime?
Boils my blood.
Happy Friday!
Happy tweeting!
Yummy Salsa!!!
lovesummertime!
yes!
I'm finally not working so I can play!
damn y i just see this commercial where an old white lady shoppin for depends diapers.....
BLACK VEIL BRIDES
Twitter might have a meltdown today between the Peyton Manning news and the announcement of the iPad 3.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
Now you're just trying to make me blush!
; RT Listening to Pyromanic by in the gym!
: Bertuzzi scores in the shootout and the Blues fall 32.
stlblues Hopefully the Blues have better luck in the playoffs!
a great beer best consumed in the company of great friends.
Buenos Dias !
Un baito y pa la street !
:
ohh i love that  its okay..here chillin watching :
i love you, COME TO HOUSTON SWAGKING.
so we can meet, and share a hug with a thug.3
Never fails, if I try to watch one episode, I watch 8.
You just can't stop at one!
AmericanPickers is the new CSI for me
ridin on chrome
the tech people in our schools are becoming the leaders of 21st century pedagogy

thanks for following.
Seattle must be the land of clean cars...
It rains...
Then it's sunny...
Then more rain!
Peeps have horrible posture.
Happy B Day DeVon!
Lololol at what just happened to and hahahaha
McCormick Screening Room is located in Humanities Gateway 1070.
No food or doctornks allowed.
This talk is being recorded.
they don't know.
Then again, some of us have had to come much farther than others
oh raspberry sorbet, the things you do to me
If you buy all your shit there, then I'll let that one slide.
.
What if every hospital had at least 50 of its directory constituted by patients?
thingsImissabouthighschool graduation night 
Beautiful day in Cincy and our BRUNCH is ON!!!
hurry up, we are open till 2!
After hearing about my successful maiden guest lecture voyage, Dad said Welcome to the family business.
Home finally!
Haha training went well tonight than went to the gym for my last sessions of the day!
All went pretty well!
Night everyone!
what?!?
Rihanna!
going on vacation?
Going to cancun Monday
HAML looks funky but allows for crafting HTML with a lot less typing.
Also no need to close tags!
185 emails in my inbox...
Sometimes the Reply All button just needs to die.
One of these days sir...
you'll realize that your calling is to be the modern day Gordon Lightfoot.
Happy New Year to all.
I can't remember when more people looked forward to the end of a specific year.
Love That Movie hah:, Please Follow Me Giys I Love You!:
had an awesome day.
the tailgating was great.
the hotdogs were great.
the seats were great.
the game was great.
the outcome was terrible.
He can really rebound.
He's really long, he's really strong.
Brad Stevens on Roosevelt Jones.
Loyola came to play man!!!!!!
Watch out Ohio State.
It's early but man Loyola is hustling
My concerns exactly.
rebranding is good, but we are NOT IT as a professorssion.
Its much more than just tech
have you gotten one yet?
Looks like I've got Oz then Ganzi or Puzzle then another gosu after that and then I'm in the top 24!
Easy :
So raise your glass if you are wrong.
just had some the other night.
Good times.
Thank you so much for answering me : 
her name is always china
ah..
im in tears!!
professorssors should give everyone a 15 increase on their students exam grades postnational championship.
I'm down homie..
I do graphics and photography too..
spending all day on twitter because you don't wanna miss anything austin does.
you two may get along:  I don't have kids.
I have shoes and I just want to make sure they're okay.
you and I both..although you actually don't need to..so shush
When Tracy McGrady and Allen Iverson were relevant...
lol
Thanks for the mention!
They too worried about another bitch, you'll never catch me going through another female's phone
Making my mom breakfast before she wakes up!
If there was a  higher than 9, I would definitely be on it

Keep singing All I DoB5 for some reason
is Outlook down?
Oh pewp!
I didn't know that.
Well, get Internet then so we can misfits marathon one day!
seriously, you just finished a 50k and your worried about doctorpping 6lbs?
Really needed to study a little bit but oh well!
Loving someone more than yourself is never a good thing.
: Tebow  I guess Tebow will have to settle for just winning football games.
That's still the point right?
lol yea that's my new career Licensed Cosmetologist!
Thanks, for voting for us for mc2012, we appreciate it!
Harvard is doing some terrific things for a medieval institution lol selfserve augmented reality sounds doable
The only person I want to talk to right now is you, and you haven't said one word to me all day.
Most managers have plenty of emotional commitment to give to their jobs.
If they can be convinced it's safe and sensible to give it.
Come see us play a ton of new unreleased tracks October 28th at the final show
says cars haven't moved in at least 90 min.
Is that in Eagle River Loop area?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys:
sunny and windy out today...
Shoots.
Just saw this.
Twitter app is all like 'no I won't tell you about your mentions' anymore.
I was in Ballard getting Ph.
LIS hegemony  that's a new one on me!
Next Alternative announced that they have entered into a contract with Ontariobased Canamet Resources.
N4H.DE
The new mouse is a fingertip
Thank you for the shoutout Jelani :
Im excited for the June Brewers doctorft.
Lame.
Making it movie night with my lady!!
Tremendous.
Stat of the Day: Jamie Moyer has faced 8.9 of all batters in MLB history.
this can't be true right?
Don't worry, we've already got out mind on it too!
Gahhh I hate school so much
kudos to you Bash!
I have no words to say because that's class act right there!
LMAOO!
YOU GUYS ARE CRAZY!:
Any fun plans for the week?
Look out for Basia Diaries tomm
I hate the black people on twitter because they think theyre so cool and nigga and teamtatted is so cool.
It's stupid get a life losers
you crazy runner girl, you!
rock it!
im in such a good mood,!!:
that wasn't about u.
The Occupy Portland Movement is crazy!
The First Tote Board Total  28,385
A combination of like 8 different things all annoyed me at once tho.
If only the places I needed to go were open right now.
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
It benefits everyone!
both of you are invited to my office for a facetoface.
Monday work?
People do not lack strength; they lack will.
Hugo
Great to see have active you are!
sent you info on our latest product yesterday.
Feel free to let me know your thoughts
Crocus!
I see crocus in my yard!!!!
Wondering what the US medical library world will be like when the inevitable singlepayer health system arrives.
You are so dead on with Ellis.
His motivations make zero sense.
He's annoying and unlikable...
everything is wrong with him.
How have u been sweet lady?
Great American Smokeout on Saturday, from 9 a.m.
Smoke free America's mission is to motivate youth to stay tobacco free, or smokers to quit
Thanks for RTing!
Archival footage  background info on L.A.'s African American community  their relationship with the police.
Easy...the before is amazing, love the kitchen.
The after looks cold and contemporary.
I wish more would restovate, not gut.
WoW I feel kinda ashamed that Mikey Cant tell us if he has a GF or not Like is that what ppl really do with hate that Mikey doesnt Trust us
Thanks Kristin!
: you're the best principal ever :
Morning and FF to
I had a bite of my sister's maple brown sugar granola bar...
and it was TOO sweet!
hjgfyjgdwtpjh
Steelers Guy
i watched gavin's too.
because im kinda of in love with him.
Same shit, different bitch.
Sandusky feel passionately about this case and Sandusky's interview?
Why would he talk?
Hear my take on it tonight at 7:30 on
Mac.Lingo: INFECTION; AVOID DE UNHAPPY ND UNLUKCCY
you know she won't respond...
they lost they mind!
They need to be smacked for that.
That's just fucking crazy.
That was fun!
RT : Filling in for will talk secret service, jeb bush  joe manchin w ,
What's up with Brian Wilson's beard?
It looks like a novelty toy.
I think he is screwing with the Braves' hitters.
Thank you for stopping in!
Enjoying the warmer weather today.
follow me on Instagram..
:
Which Shows You Talking About.?
glad to help Tom :
Nice retweet, bro
NEED SOME STUDIO TIME, BEAT/VIDEO PRODUCTION, GRAFIC DESIGN, CD DUPLICATION CALL 6194879948 SPECIAL PACKAGE DEALS AVAILABLE!!!
For me it started with trying to understand my allergies and why my face swells after doctornking certain beers and wines, but not all.
Nope, sorry!
You know when you stub your toe and you think it's broken while you scream and make a weird ouchy face.
6 more months until i'm 20
Don't ask me why I'm watching the TSN broadcast still, but the jealousy of those guys towards Phoenix is SO FREAKING GREAT.
I agree with Joel Courtney!!
; I'd pick him!!
Chapman walked two batters in a row.
He sucks.
Send him back to Louisville.
I know u can't let no one cheat u..BUT U WAITING IN LONE ON FRONT IF ME FOR TWENTY FUCKING CENTS???
Argh!!!
IHateYouSoMuchRightNow!!
more so wondering which institution chose to advertise this way.
it's odd.
I feel like I am in college again.
Life is open before me and full of promise.
This has been an amazing year so far; I feel truly blessed.
old lady told me to pull my pants up.......Shut up hoe im swaggin
wow!
just used TOOTHPASTE to get PERMANENT MARKER off my mom's wood table!
now who in the heck would have thought of that?
Never knew that chewing on a piece of ice would mess my braces up.
Oops.
2nd gen.
Romantic poets own hard.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MIKEY HOPE IT'S A SPIKEY GOOD ONE ;D
boy you can say anything you wanna, I don't give a shh!
no one else can have ya, I want you back, I want you back, want you want you back!
My dinosaur has gone from eating my snickerdoodles to eating my friends graduation cake
Im going to the Wendy Williams Show next week thursday  Im going to be wearing the sexy ass doctorss my boyfriend bought for me.
REMINDER: Board Meeting May 12  6pm at Mayfair Mall
Fixed Operations Director  The Ewald Automotive Group is creating a new position!
The individual we seek will have multiple years experi
Waiting for to come get mehhhh c:
Check out the My Band page to the left.
Our EP is there, tell us what you think.
It's annoying!
Am I right?
:D
You were fantastic in show, saw it Friday night.
Congrats.
do you guys ever stop hiring?
it was over the top before tested it for me!
thanks Lori!
Aaron is a dumb bitch I am not DFMC ...
Not even in a million years dude
Off to the Mission Bay Networking meeting then to a photo shoot for an El Cajon flip.
Okay.
Coffee time on a sunny Seattle Saturday.
Later folks!
Flavor of the week mango sorbet.
Refreshing!
there is a woman calling the illini game on espn2.
nice.
mark of a good pizza is whether or not its good for leftovers ; Glad you enjoyed!
No, thank YOU!
Your inspiration and light have touched us all!
Hear that the radio broadcast booth is at the 20 yd ln...that aside, stadium is FANtastic!
Just watched The Yearbooks Season of Love video on HDNet!
Who's recording that shit?
rape me.
lol thank you :
Who's Still Standing is a cheesy game show with too much repetition.
Only mildly entertaining.
tickets up for grabs today before 6pm.
Listen for the cue to win!!
It's okay, Tom Brady, you're still gorgeous  married to a gorgeous Gisele.
Who needs a SuperBowl XLVI ring?!
NYG have it.
I heart NY!
They're gonna need it!!!
You trying to fade the game or what?
JB'S Tavern this sat and the WEBN fireworks sun.
Busy weekend for Specyphi.
Not so fast, Met's pitcher Johan Santana may not need reconstructive elbow surgery
bill millers is awsome...
love there tea...
Thanks for the RT babe ;P
Is there an app that keeps babies from putting ipads in their mouths?
The expression on her face said it all!
RT : And..I think Elisabeth almost cried when Suzie 'endorsed' President Obama
btw.
i've never seen a picture of you.
Seems like a nobrainer then, but where will they play while an arena is built?
im good...
expecting my first child
nope we're still friends lmao:p
Each dayy w/ out youu gets a little easier ..
:
hey lady!!!
How's things?
follow me doh
Tonight!!
930pm!
Comedy Store!
On Sunset!
Exclamation point!!!
all that said, blks do vote against their own interests when they support gay marriage bans.
sounds tasty
THESE CITIES ARE ON IT  WBHJFM Birmingham Al, WFXAFM Augusta GA, WGCIFM Chicago, WOWIFM Norfolk, WiBB Macon Ga
GOW would survive on da ps3 but everybody died on HALO right?
Thanks for the RT!
RT : That noise you hear is everything being awesome all at once.
Brace yourself, it's about to get louder.
I fear change.
hope all is well in your life!
Amy Freeze is now following me on twitter
but what if he just wants to cuddle?!
OR he could direct me towards the spotted tiger I've always wanted...
We hope so too!
RT :  I hope to make it back to Balboa Park to see you again!
I Go All Out On Everything I Do...
I cant stress this enough   
Rebel America Inc lands instrumental placement for Disney's D23 Expo 2011: Living the Magic
excited to work with the Mansfield Symphony this week!
humanelement RT : Umpires who stare down players should be shot.
My ex ex for my number and doctornk dialed me 13 times  left me a voicemails
was in town for press stuff for a measly 24 hours.
Hoping to come back soon
do you like , too?
Jk.
The etrade commercials are cute.
One of the biggest days of my life so far.
Freakin' out just a little bit.
People honestly humor me with their problems.
if you are skinny, getting good grades have friendsno family issues wtf is wrong w.
ur life
Didn't pay my phone.
There goes my phone calls and mobile internet.
I'm stuck with only texting for now.
y do ppl always feel the need to talk about there signs idgaf
Picking up my wifey shoes and boots
I totally think Maks sleeps with every single one of his celeb dance partners.
Queens.
Park.
Rangers.
Wow.
Much love to the homie Back to work!
Lol Hope all is well.
she's not what
: jamming to tempted to touch .
Ctfu .
lmao yes I am!
Chocolate covered fruits are very popular already

known fact white boys don't last more than 10min in the bed
don't count them.
They double 
YouKnowWhatsAnnoying Slow doctorvers!
Calculated evil.
: Ferrandino: It's been proven that if the spkr has his way, it won't be heard tonight coleg civilunions
Not surprising.
Kreuz Market is one of the most famous BBQ joints in the world.
Over 100 yrs old.
Baby those sure were the days, now I'm second guessing.
nah!
it'll extend the holiday for him another week!
sometimes we don't get all of our delivery guys until after...
I got a doctorss for church, 8th grade graduation and just a random doctorss they are sexy
well that's a nice time to go to bed :P
Big ups to The BeatServer, RadioEditAV , Michal Menert and crew..
you guys killed it last night, one for the book's !
Absolutely agree.
Great article.
Thanks for sharing!
if you ever become famous, you will be like: my best friend is tatiana tarabulski :D I'll do the same for you!: 3333
thanks for the follow!
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD UP LIKE NOBODY ELSE THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR GETS ME OVERWHELMED
post doctorft meeting
I feel sick and its my birthday : worst day ever!
shed more jobs than the entire state of Virginia since the downturn bit.ly/wfr80V
Con FUNK Shun Got To Be Enough: via
thank you Irene, have a nice day
is looking for Antenna Test Engineers in the Atlanta area.
When me and my friend where on the computers, she actually turned around to check the clock WHEN THERES A FREAKIN DIGITAL TIME IN FRONT.
VEROniCUN will lie for me 2!
sHE hateS that NOrma  wants me there as a BLOCKer.
She don't REALLY for REALS like me it politics!
Okay good : Just remember, doctorma is like someone talking about your mamma.
You don't let it happen!
its like a new high there's no resistance who argues with success?
Follow me little homie, I do it like a
XFactor has a hit on their hands, I really dig that show; Grace check it out
ON MY WAY TO HOLLYWOOD!!
yay week off!
time to party like a betch!
3
WHEEN?
OMG I NEED TO GO!
slight headache ugh!
HAHAHAHA ow RT : The average sized coffee cup holds 8oz  is that enough for you?
I was wondering if it was too loud for your 4 year old.
The theater I visited actually blew out its speakers.
k bye
Lol, yes, of course that was what I was thinking.
I can dig it haha
I will be missing edcampNYC.
Gotta work that day.
I will see you in Philly?
It was fantastic, a must see!
RT Bet u looked smashing.
Thanks for coming to the show!
Hope u enjoyed it :
Am feeling lots of warm fuzzy feelings for the people I work with.
So much talent and good will overfloweth.
Just had lunch at Mannas in Harlem and I'm full!
let's be honest, was she ever even an actress?
Southtown being closed 
that is so fetch
Wishing for chocolate cheesecake cakepops and cocoa
I got me a jobby!
I GOT ME A JOBBY!!!!!!
LOL!
Bitch I have an IPHONE I can tell whether or not you're reading my messages.
And it says you have now reply 
it's OU all the way bro there's no argument about that
i Wanna Talk To u I Miss Ur Koolaid Head Self: Lol
Weeks hit that on a rope!
How can I get a signed copy?!?!?!?
It's SoCold outside that I saw a coupe of gangsters walking with their pants up!
Im full of it , damn I didnt know that ;  tuff
RT : Libras invent new ways to achieve the so called impossible.
Kelsey Barlow can't be denied..
Top ten his destination.
Finally received my EAD card!
I can't believe it's finally here!
I guess being proactive helps!
Great day today!
Made muffins and banana bread.
Then played at the park.
Hi Nick!
Just checking in to see if you received our email, or if I should resend.
Let me know!
:
The only reason why you're not taking it to court is because its a lie,stop lying.
at pii2012: we are seeing the shift from attributebased identity to relationshipbased identity  totally agree.
Today, my brother graduates with a bachelor's in mechanical engineering  will be pursuing his master's in nuclear this fall.
SO PROUD.
Monterey County Safeway Worker Suspended After Stopping Assault via CBS San Francisco...
:o Safeway know they play 2 much.
Smh
very true, last time I checked there's other places to get coffee besides starbucks
Just in case, I did sign up for a HawaiianAirlines mileage card.
:
ahw so cute, your background.
Little Austin!!
Can you send that picture to me?
: x
So today I saw Git explained with Tinkertoys, and I think I git it now!
sorryihadto seriously, genius idea!
barcamporlando
omg!!
thats at buildabear!!!!
ahhahaa
thx maggie!
RT : Always ready to support : Hope to see you later this week!
rap battle?
and there's a face!
Late night end of session and the joys that come with it.
Good times.
thanks for the RT!
Hope to get more lamb pictures.
I need to get away for awhile,
IHateCollege when I wash my clothes and come down 30 minutes later to see unbalanced25 minutes left
dont talk to me
I see you Fb doing it BIG!
I'm so happy for you
Thanks for the support homie!!
Spread the word.
Data and analytics should be more democratic.
Sean Harper from feefighters
Happy Birthday3
There is only one thing in life worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.
Oscar Wilde
Hell, that CD IS good not a Brit
Ortho...last appt before I get my braces off!
The FHS Powercats and Alliance teammates, the NDHS Honey Badgers, all in Round Two of the Finals.
The match is even.
My mom is laughing because she sliced her thumb on a knife earlier, and now we're watching Derek's hand get obliterated.
burned 246 calories doing 30 minutes of Tennis, general
that's just my dad...my moms in south Florida eating Chinese and going to a movie later
Anahita Williamson, director of NYSP2I, talks Green Initiative at DEC headquarters.
Program will provide sustainable supply chain support.
we'll be there.
looking forward to see you.
interiors from spain, booth 1024.
and check our magazine www.fromspainmagazine.com
Rest well all.
Who's Irish from Ireland?
hott mix tape..
thanks for the link
MANY THANKS CLAUDE..T/F/S..
yup she loves us 3
I will record the superbowl so i can fast forward through the game and watch the commercials
thx for generating so much enthusiasm for PerSuit , we're so honored to be a part!
Duke going down to Lehigh ...could be the 2nd number 2 team to go down in the first rd today
imaddicted to typing incredibly fast when the word count turns red, in extreme hopes that my post will meet the 140 word limit.
You added my as friend on youtube: and writed me thanks 2 years ago!
Can you please follow me?
Love you Christian!
4
Julian Lennon  James Scott Cook  Lucy  05:51 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
it was probably me, but it was like 8 in the morning.
sorry I didn't reply, I'll be on my game next time.
:
OK folks, stopping in Baltimore for lunch on way to PLA12.
Suggestions for good/reasonable seafood joint?
I know!
lol..
RT : Dubee is good, but he's no magician.
There is no fixing a Kendoctorck start that has gone south.
That's Zac without his hair  makeup folks.
eating icecream you?
but it's so true!
follow me?
: Believe 3
a fun part of defense was when my advisor brought up 's SEM paper from LA in 2010.
So.
It was pretty funny when that one guy from...
WTF JIM CARREY DIDN'T WIN THE AWARD FOR BEST ACTOR.
20 is awesome, keep it up, soon will be 40 to 60mins : Everyone is workingout on my followers list, kick butt Ian!
Emmi ;
If you're lost, you can look,  you will find me..Time after Time..If you fall, I will catch you, I'll be waiting..Time after Time..
Omg I would cry singing this
Thanks guys!
Somewhat....on lite duty!
Is the only reason i like bananas because I'm gay????
that Domingo is one classy, gracious man.
and boy can he still sing!
Congrats for winning tickets to see AlvinAiley at NJPAC.
Pls DM us for details on picking up your tix.
If you listen to Travolta in Grease, it does sound an awful lot like he's singing Handy and not Sandy
: Got screwed once, you're going to get screwed twice!
I feel a Beastie Boy marathon coming through our speakers tonite!
R.I.P MCA you lyrical genius!
BrassMonkey on Repeat!!
Oh, National Academies Press, I love you and your free ebooks so much.
iunno, i just asked him to bring u today, he said yeag
lmao see you there!
Looking forward to it.
Cheers!
WAIT.
Why is in a celebrity rivalry with Chevy Chase???!!!
Youth are being told the truth u talk as if there is a conspiracy to shield them from the facts
lucky u
Stupid twitter wouldnt let me log in X?
just gonna sit here alone while everyone i go to school with gets high tonight ...
YOU EXCITED FOR NAKED TEETH!!!!?????
i know your probably, most likely tired because we ur fans want you to follow us all.
please follow me nn :D
happy thursday diane and
can't forget face down, ass up from 2 Live Crew!
I'm so nervous I feel like I'm going to throw up.
You treat me like a joke and I'll leave you like its funny
I love getting paid only to pay off credit card, car insurance, phone bill  utilities and have less than half left.
thanks for your comment and RT.
Congrats to Saipin Chutima of Lotus of Siam on her James Beard award!
The highlight of our casting June 8, was a painting dog...
I couldn't believe it...a pekinese that paints!
follow back?
:
: What's everybody up too today??
Football???
cmon now, where's your husband from ???
Excited to be going to the Rockets games this Wednesday and Friday!
Great road trip.
i can be depressed!
I'm hungry!
I knew it would be great!
:D A
Watch cartoons with me if you're a true friend.
ahh love it i will totally be at six flags tomorrow as well hopefully i will run into you!!!!
Gunna try out Windows 8 tonight...
not sure what I'm expecting
you da best
thank you for live tweeting the trial!
Man some lil ugly ass fat girl watchin me and my brotha eat some cheez it.....can you say
Diabetes is a hell of a disease.
Thank you Arsenal for doctorpping points, Love Spurs!
a lot are, warrant holders are churning as well.
After July, AIS should be freed up to run to near 5 I think
Bad boys ain't no good, good boys ain't no fun
Appreciate the love.
M!
Cheese Yumm!
Lol not this one, but you have been!
Who's up someone text me
I originally had it down for next week too.
Not sure where that came from.
You'll have a good time tonight regardless!
love it!
What it do fam I need to holla atcha asap
To make Miami even more fitting for tebow  just as Denver shipped off Lloyd midseason, Fins were preemptive in doing the same w/ Marshall
Might as well take a quick nap while I can before this class at 4.
Project Diaries on sale now at NorrisPimpton.com
I didn't get to catch up on my sleep this week.
Oh well..
OMG!
That's amazing!:D
Is that beer big or are Damon's hands really small?
glad you liked it.
Now my girls start it every time that song comes on in the car.
Haha.
It can help you get more exposure.
Also, get on youtube if you haven't already.
Put your videos on youtube.
RT Excited to show a sneak peak of Relaborate to the group at MarketMix right now.
Getting closer to a more public release...
will do!
thanks!
:
I don't know what I would do without and his music.
ha ok
Awww I already received a bday email from !!
I'm proud of u Lil bruh!!...keep elevating ur game an mind state on these beeyitch as niguhs!
I'm seeing a lot of tweets about Brian McKnight.
What did he do?
Someone pls update me.
How many days a week do you lift weights?
That is the hardest thing for me b/c I LOVE cardio so much.
What's your strength training routine?
I'm in the H tonight bro RT : Happy Cinco de Mayo!!!!
Been there in Summer, depends on if you don't mind humidhot weather, I personally don't mind it.
Universal will be a blast
did you mean booties
Less than 3 Hours to Vote for Ron Paul!
Do the right thing NewHampshire !
i don't know
congrats!!
Where?
Oh, and I recently started at arena, so staying in dc!
So who will be nice enough to send me a pinterest invite?
He's so adorable!!!
You ever get phone hair?
It's so nice out
As I tweet I see 3 styles: Haiku style; link to useful  practical content; and finally  annoying twit.
Just booked my flight to London  July 4th through August 20th with various travels in between!
ALL HAIL SEGUIN!!!!!
If God didn't want us to eat meat...he would've made made cows outta tofu instead of steak!
;
Celebrate the Indianapolis Recorder on September 25th from 3:305:30 at the Cook TheaterIndiana Landmarks.
Join us!
Let me give your heart a break.
Seau suicide so freaking sad...
Nothing to say really, I just feel for his family.
Especially his kids.
listening to A Thousand Years by Christina Perri its the shit
A Chard Day's Night
Thank you for your help!
My dog son is not a very happy camper right now, and i need help asap!
People are attach to certain ways of thinking.
Sorry, but I hope he doesn't get it.
Beer Battered Fish Fry Friday!
Yet another reason to love Wisconsin on Fridays ;
: If it were a real national emergency, many of us would not receive notification.
It is 2011.
We need more than TV alerts.
I love 's tweets about the rangers!
Let's go boys!
At the movies and a FancyFeast commercial comes on.
Ending line  The best ingredient is love.
Woman behind me  It's true!
I feel like every new singer I hear now is trying to be Yim Yames.
hay Ryder Rockers i just blogged about a film i'm in subscribe so you can get deetz n tweetz!
i am sad today!!
my bf is sad too!
: this is a sad day!
Crowdsourcing, pls.
Incorporating multiple perspectives  greater engagement with the content.
bestbritishbands The Beatles!
Summer has come early to the east coast!
Hope everyone takes an extra 15 minutes to enjoy the weather today!
LOLOLOLOLOL YOU WOULD
i haven't received a daily roll up in two days...
Keaton, we're on it.
Spinning up more photos over the next few weeks  wanted to make sure we got it right.
Thanks!
Those are awesome!
Sports should be that glittery!!
Playing the glam way!
:
trying to figure out detailsI'll let you know.
lol perfect..
Cookie monster hath no conscience.
: oh get ready!
It's crazy good revenge that's what I hear!!!!
Niece in bed by 8:45, papers graded,
Time to make myself make myself stretch and grow a bit.
When your purpose in life involves more then just trying to please yourself and more about serving others then it is easier to do it  sd
hahah I'm still trying.
I've gotta doctorve a few hours to work for my dad so I'll be struggling for sure
Made it to my 3rd trimester.
84 days left!
THAT'S COOL!!
I'd like to have Rims with this logo!
Isn't it!
I found it on San Diego Bargain Mom's facebook fan page.
Just power arched out of JP!!
Go go Boston!!!!
On a conference call with First Lady Michelle Obama as she announces a new initiative for military families.
Why is there no food in this house
ur so lucky!!!
i hope i get lucky tomorrow for my bus...
:
If someone can tell me what i was trying to do on the dancefloor last night it would be much appreciated solcantina robot?
yeah!
I'm trying to get some too!
Just let me know what you decide!
We need to do our rooming early if you do.
I have actual sea coral in my left knee.
How random is that coming from an actress in L.A.?
I didn't win the lottery.
Damn.
Today: noon  pm Celebrate Asian Pacific American Family Day  art activities, tours, storytelling, and music  dance performances.
no I haven't!!
I just heard the bad news.
There's a petition?!
Working out in the yard, mowing and trimming.
I thought I just did this last week?!
Call the bad ones and make em choose
I'll definitely be doing some taste testing, I like to keep my finger on the pulse of the burger scene!
Let's go Giants!!
I am just watching  LSAT coming soon!
Damn people shit so loud in the school bathroom !:0
Homeowner says sexually violent predator is NOT living at her home.
You're welcome!
RT : I just saved a ton of money on my car insurance by switching from Geico.
Thank you !

Listening to Voice Over demo reels for a current project  entertaining!
p.s.
I love my job.
lol I was really hoping for something more gritty and raw for that track honestly.
CPA test questions make me question my understanding of the English language
The south kinda ruins my whole Xmas/New Year situation with its being hot n junk..but it's still a Merry Holiday Season anyway!!
Text marketing is a way to monetize your ads.
Text marketing is not a branding method that pays off later.
It pays back immediately 1030!
Happy Halloween!
Tweet us photos of your costumes!
Damn today...
Damn today to hell!!!
LOL Nah, not to hell but not here either.
EAT LOCAL, ABQ!Nominate a restaurant that you feel has the passion, attitude, and heart for the community to deserve a Rocked out Makeover!
Brightening our national HQ on E.
125th St.
this week  Stacey Cox, our Senior Director of Site Management  Director of California Programs
SCTEBOW Tim Tebow is the most popular football player today.
He is just so inspiring.
He is just an overall great football player.
TODAY!
REDDSTONE'S PATIO IS GETTING BLESSED  4:30 MADISON CRAWL PERFORMANCE TO FOLLOW.
I WILL BE THERE!
how and when did Happy Endings become so smart?
but just remember how that worked out for Community.
All tied up now.
No looking back.
Oh, this is all part of a plan.
It's not a good plan.
Well, it's good if you're rich.
Thanks.
: And nice to meet you!
Back on track...feels good.
My aunt just texted me saying I hope you stay out of jail this weekend
How's that working out for you so far?
FF Thanks for the RTs this week
You should come to Virginia for some REAL sweet tea...
Okay, it's northern Virginia, but that still counts, right?
i asked for one from jessi but she never replied :/ I talked to Debi and she said she was gonna send me 1 of Hannah:
Now why you think you take a Hoe to a Hoetel Hoe tell everybody, even the mayor Reach up in the sky for the Hoezone layer 
haha would be nice huh?
Who bought tickets for Austin's Concert?
FOLLOW ME OR GET LEFT
sitting watching csi snd eating cookie dough ice cream yayyy
deep breaths.....
the one with the leaf from great grandma's hollyhock.
Great venue, fantastic turnout and amazing food!
What more can you ask for in an Oysterfest?!
Hit me like a ton of bricks.
Break my heart.
Time to get me on another level.
I hope RIP Rutgers Football is not the case.
Yes, but he probably told you that after a halfdozenorso IPA's ;
You know she's to young when she thinks created sweet doctorams for the first time....
STUPID TEACHER I DONT LIKE HER !
.t
Thank you!
Right back at you.
We're going to miss our seniors !
Can't wait to see their awesome work in the future
RT : stimulating w/ .
Great insight from really smart UX pros in Cbus!
i want to die.
I have like all the question/prompts typed up.
Thats it.
I wanna go to bed:
I hope Steve Jobs is well, he has made me mucho dinaro!
He's old, white, and male.
It's the SelfRighteousness Trifecta!
Just left million dollar house...
amazing!
If u can or could would you buy one?
Aw shucks!
Never been to the Resch Center, so I can't really speak to its atmosphere.
She never compromises...
Loves babies and surprises ;
I'm so excited for the Adult Reading Challenge!
She got her a replacement Phone I need me one...
Adult bullies...seriously how immature are you!?
The light up acts are getting kind of old..
come to Louisiana !
Are you a total shoe girl?
Why or why not?
Not feeling work today :
NATALIE WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU YESTERDAY??xx
ask for more access to HStNE!
X2 too many stops.
X9 not enough hours and should be a double bus.
Need Circulator!
The Wanted in Wisconsin.
none better.
Range.
Creativity.
Lyrics.
Showmanship.
Win
We are so excited for performance on July 29th at gardenwalk Anaheim !!!
doctorving all day and i've only been to one museum, three galleries, and two bookstores.
one more gallery, then home
Picking up my new juicy glasses
Enjoy!
And remember, BASHH runs way late!
Plasma TV Reviewer  Blog Archive  Gas Fireplaces are Taking ...
Today was my last day with seniorsexcept those taking the AP GOV exam tomorrow.
The rest will be on a field trip.
Then graduation practice.
Didn't even recognize Aunjanue Ellis in this episode of NYUndercover with Terrence Howard being Buster  Claudia/Bonnie  Clyde.
What if I just let them both do it..
can I do that?
It's because my mommy won't be here and I never hear my alarm.
Stay tuned for the results of the 1st Early Bird doctorwing!
The Heat stomped the Lakers and it has no impact on who will win the title.
At least it can calm the prisoners of the moment in the media
having crazy doctorams lately....just want a solid night of sleep!
I'd like to live in a world where toaster strudels and Little Debbie's are essential food groups.
i did, now follow me.
My parents don't know I'm Bi :P Yet for that matter...
So far all they've been doing is throwing around this religious
Headed to bed cause Im going to be at BOOT CAMP on Chirstmas EVE!!!!!
LOL!
Only when necessary.
I hope DennisCombs wins race for Mayor of Longmont, CO.
They are watching the results come in right now!!!
Shout it out if you are a fan.
heck yeah I do!!
:D haha
SCRATCH last tweet lol  40 minutes left to get your tweet to us about your mother for chance to WIN band!
oh my word!
do mine:
I Missed Victoria Justice On Ellen : Anyone Else See It?
I just walked into a Ricky's in midtown.
That could kill your love of Halloween real quick.
Pamela Cameron honoring her son Matthew.
Fierce and fearless
Messy mix of rain, freezing rain, sleet and snow for much of WI: 12 south, 24 central; 35 north.
Roads look to become slick.
Thank you for the calculator.
I'm sorry I missed you!
Stop by and say hi when you can.
ALL THESE HOES SCARED OF ME
That is awesome.
band practice tomorrow.
Thank god!
I've missed practice, I'm excited
just a question!
I do not understand this but is Jamie not Bonnie's brother?
Internet issues?
No need to call the cable company when you're staying with us.
Just met the tech at apt  got internet DL speed to 50 Mbps!
The Land of Whatever: It39;s time to restore the music to MTVwhether ...
I SEE YU MOMAZ!
AN HELL YEA LETS GET IT!
KUCCIENT DUH
Just found out I could buy a killer whale submarine for 100,000.
Gotta get some money together.
congrats on the news!
watching Stanford and south Carolina girls sweet sixteen , not sure who I want to win tho
The zombies on The Walking Dead move faster than the storylines.
Just landed in SD!!!!
just got my wife to measure so it's uptodate but we've never done this.
Got 39/16/33.5.
BR tops fit me great.
Coming home from Vermont tomorrow.
It's been fun but I'm ready to go home.
I can't believe that I'm saying that!
Gotta learn to love yourself, before you love someone else.
Gonna go running with annie:
Love your family, work super hard, live your passion.
GARY VAYNERCHUCK
Who knows what miracles you can achieve when you believe R.I.P
I knew there had to be a reason why I still subscribed to ALA Council.
80 degrees in Chicago today!!
So excited!
aww shit gone head and win that congratulations tho that's what's up 
2day was a gud day 4 us bros wit some more hard work n faith its lukin pretty green in da future
So good to run into you the other day!
I need to start coming to classed with you so we can have our catch up seshes!
that sounds like a good relaxing vacation!
Can I come out here all the time?
It's pretty cool around here!
I'll keep an eye out for him.
Look forward to hearing report RT : Heading to the White House today for the Jewish Social Justice Roundtable!
tell him hi
Just got a coupon for 72 off crossfit classes for a month...should I get off my lazy butt and do it??
its cause lorena said that she is gunna doctorp by at my house like at nine and i was like 0o haha she said its cause she is
I remember those days.
Best you can do is be calm  roll with it.
Everything will be fine.
sonyc we are cultural animals strengthening our tribe
RT: Anyone can do a run but everybody can't usher you to the throne.
Mega Millions is will have to change its name to Mega Billions if nobody won.
Reading Adoctorenne Rich's The Problem With Lorraine Hansberry, in
to 11:11 and now to SAYSOMETHIN !You have came so far,I'm so proud of you!3 I love you ; your song is perfection!
3 16
Thanks so much!
yes, that would be weird.
yeah it better be!
Laugh and the world laughs with you.
Cry and the world laughs louder.
tonight was one of the best raw ever
Having a blast with Kammie, Rachel, Reagan, and Cameron!
Can't wait to see the HungerGames tomorrow!!
Shout out to please follow them they will
mac miller is mine.
Hey I just wanted to say there's a snake in my boot
Today sucked and it's not even over.
This shit needs to be over.
I can't wait..
always falls asleep while texting.
Or watching tv.
Or sometimes while having conversations.
Scheming like the preacher in church he sellin hope
Threshold to Present at the JMP Securities Healthcare Conference on Sept 27th
Sweetwater nights w/ kelly, james, will, and jordan.
Fun Night 
HA!
How do I get myself in peril so they can come save me?
celebrating ConstitutionDay in classes today.
Get FREE ground shipping on all sales over 100.00.
Call 7312561 and use the promo code 7492
if u say so 
That awkward moment when your best friend rolls down your window when you pull up to a clown at a stop light cause she knows you hate them..
Ok nuff bout the Its almost time WHUTUPDOE 2 all my fellow GREEN BAY FANS???
Where U from?
Thank you for your support.
you're the best!!
I can always count on u!
HOWEZ everybody doing???
Nice!
Enjoy
Small Occupy contingent was prepping as I ran around Lake Merritt.
Guy putting on Anonymous Mask and another a black face mask.
How brave.
just say no to zombies.
We know lol that's all you've tweeted about all day lol its pretty good tho :
Myh battery is fucking empty D;
Without respect, love is lost.
Without caring, love is boring.
Without honesty, love is unhappy.
Without trust, love is unstable.
Thanks for the RT.
both are beautiful!!
But there is something cool about the quiet if winter.
Happy new year!
I hope it kills you to see me happy with someone else.
Happy Easter!
Enjoy your egg hunts!
I Dare you to try to find my eggs, I've been hiding them for years.
aww man I just left today I was there for the wkd
True, this was nice story  RT I would agree except for Bucs signing paralyzed Rutgers player.
Im soo white :
Yay!
Excited to see you there!
cinco de mayo celebration at school today hahaha mexican pride!
It is 100000 degrees in the office today.
You da token.
going to have an Etta James marathon today!
Loved her, what an amazing woman.
I am in a state of musical awe...
Jessica Sanchez  Josh Ledet is the reason.
need to read before I go teach and not really feeling it today...heading to DC tomorrow...GO PHILLIES
Yep.
I'm tired of it.
how have you been doing?
that one was definitely a crowd pleaser!
Thanks for joining us!
Very soon.
Stay posted
: nw Battleship ...
and it ain't even out yet!hook a nigga up
S4: Best Practices change over time.
Must follow today's best practices while forming best practices for tomorrow.
RE: : gotta love that girl...
hahahahahahahahahaha and her car issues.....
Did you buy it?
workin on it!
Did I just eat a quesadilla filled with sweet and sour chicken.......
indeed.
Thanks chino bandido
Ready for bad weather?
Call us for magchlor sidewalk deicer before 1pm for same day delivery in Midtown.
410 5281512
Goal!!!
41 Devils Hey Philly, You Suck.
Going back to NJ tied at 1
: back at ya, now following
I'm just saying, if you need a high res headshot, why get a boring one?
Southerners have perfected gauze and creepy props.
another test...
e206 undefined
Did you sail across the sun, did you make it to the milky way to see the lights are faded.
Man heaven is overrated.
yea i no
Has Anybody Ever Beat Labisan In One On One?
Forgot it was St.
Patrick's Day and didn't wear a stick of green.
Thankfully, I only got pinched one time.
LOL
Things I'd do to Greg James omg
Thanks homegirl.
Hair theme!
:
Highschool changes people, that's kind of why I don't want to go quite yet.
Shaq looks like he ate Ben Roethlisberger
ALMOST FINISHED WITH PHASE 1 of the site...
will release site soon...
working on a few tee designs for feedback...
stay tuned..
B Creative
My mother's menu consisted of two choices: Take it or leave it.
Buddy Hackett
People that wear jean shorts need to be slapped
Twas a tough brawlbut we prevailed!
FF Cookie Love!
Dispensary
Taking Care of business.
Behind the scenes.
Modern fresh utopian film ideas?
Where are the positive future films to inspire change?
Lots of bleak future films.
Need more super utopias.
Just been on one of the new met line trains, air con, walk through carriages...the most pleasant tube journey I've been on.
Well done tfl
What book are u reading?
According to ,manning left the practice facility with Elway Fox.
Where did they go after that?Where did they doctorp him off?
Got my best friend back 3 yay!
has a really solid fiction shortlist.
Glad to see LIGHTNING RODS get some much deserved respect
so im going to be 2 year older than u
What a dissapionting loss for Syracuse.
Ramirez shouldn't have run on that, but I understand him pushing and respect the hustle.
Didn't know he was THAT slow though
Free love has no place in a free society.
Board Members?
For corworking you mean?
Izhane, U will 3 R lacefronts!
We match the hairline so it's not easy 2 see it's a wig  we can teach U 2 make UR own!
Enjoy,ttyl
Wish you have a 80grade performance tonight!
I will miss tonight but it was awesome to see master mind behind
24 days till HvZ!!
Sign up now!
I know, just surprised how many places in Madison are marked
How dare they make me feel sorry for Betty RT Yup.
RT : We've all been there, Betty.
follow me!
You know you love data!
RT Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Albert Einstein Quote
Why does make these MadMen previews so awkwardly vague?
realfriends are always loyal
Sometimes you simply have to ignore all of Tom Foolery's shenanigans.
sweet I am so down!
And I'm free most of the summer!
Let me know when you find out any details!
I'll dm you my number:
eating a three meat pizza while reading this tweet, yw
Excited to show a sneak peak of Relaborate to the group at MarketMix right now.
Getting closer to a more public release...
Winding down from a relaxing weekend.
Whenever you're near Portland Oregon, doctorp us a line, love to interview you on TV Show for your Teen Cause.
Partying with my first professorssional acting leading lady tonight as she celebrates another year of life!
I love you, girl!!
Thanks!
You were too far away to see the white knuckles of terror gripping the podium.
:
Ok i'll get it goes in face first RT : I just lost a quarter in my boobs  I really can't find this bitch!!
your not.
at all.
Girls that wear Victoria's secret 
Nathan Ryan on Top Shot USA!
Yehhh boii
lmao i do perfectly it's not thatt bad I think the actual back hurt me more than the skull I got right below the back of my neck .
Awesome!
Welcome to Mpls, !
Thanks for the shout out, woman!
:
Doors are opening
No problem, He is awesome and I really hope he wins!
He deserves it!
Growth can mean different things to different people.
Mayor Berry
Hey!
Thanks.
Please  thank you!
Damn.
no clean sweats.
New bartender: 'On the rocks with ice?'
Yes!
Down with Michigan and Duke!
: Is having your bracket busted worth getting to watch some crazy March Madness upsets?
That's what I can't wait to see.
glad you got the hashtag thing down.
Is this a clever sting op, in which you are told you have won the lottery and the SWAT team is waiting when you arrive?
My cousin graduates today.
You have a good memory.
I might have to slip your name in next time.
So excited.
My new and improved website will launch next week!
: I didn't fall, I attacked the floor.
Eager for my first visit to this morning.
yesterday's teachable moment: when your wife is yelling EW!
EW!
EW!
you probably don't want to come see what she's looking at.
Quote from my sisinlaw I just let them fight it out until they start using weapons.
such a fan of goode co seafood gumbo  it has its own speed dial button on my phone.
WWW.kabajunkremoval.com Is the best junk removal service in minneapolis
Thank you!!
Is your muffin buttered..?
i should be tired right now..
Looking for a great six month rental in Mill valley?
www.70madoctorneparkcircle.com
Be individually satisfied and collectively complimented....
Would be nice to see Darren Collison do something
I dunno.
I am not neutral at all about pigeons.
Rats of the sky.
Sitting at work in pain..
I need a break !
Vaca plzz!!
thanks so much!!
Watching American Idol, doctornking wine,  eating kettle corn!
I gave up after season 3
yea!!
Did you read my tweet before that tweet?
If not go look  you'll understand : haha
Beds: an amazing invention.
NASA CHCO Toni Dawsey: ldoctorhp trng  NASA doctorven by peers/leaders working w/ each other  mentoring others vs strictly top down
Remember Micheal Jackson
Obama, you are awesome.
Season's Greetings and Merry TEDx mas from America's Finest City!
Well, that was damn fun.
Thanks to , Carla Rhodes  Pancakes O'Malley, and everyone who came out last night!
Forgot to tell you that the May issue of In Style had a great pic of David  Victoria.
Maybe it was at the Oscars.
thanks bro..
Now it's time for you and to take over next year in football
Love Aaron Craft's game....think it'll translate to next level?
See what happens when 2 depts that share a border can hear each other on their radios.
So, I went to the movies yesterday, saw 21jumpstreet......SUCKED!
Lets just say what it is.....you don't care anymore
I know!
We did that Facebook 'No.
1 song when you were born' thing and our intern's song was something from U2's Joshua Tree.
TONITE: Saint Rose,Transmit Now, It's Alive, IDivide, Viator Saint at THE FARM
Well I approve of it nao so boomshakalaka k.
Oh, I see you will be speaking on Web Analytics Simplified!
Whatever it is, they need to knock it off.
Its scary and the dog is spazzing out.
This is completely pathetic.
MY INSPIRATIONS!
Mistakes are a great educator when one is honest enough to admit them and willing to learn from them.
that nigga lying we may say blood but we bang streets n hoods my nigga pull that niggas card
we'll need to leverage social media to help promote PONYRIDER
LOL, true!
They gave him the ball, it was his 50th career hit.
Making a holiday gumbo today from scratch.
it's gonna be so good :
Any thoughts of playing Posada at first?
Gum class heroes Iz the new shot :
Parents really are great sometimes.
Huge THANKS to for having me on his radio show tonight  everyone who took the time to listen in!
i know thats wat i thought too
I'm off today AND tomorrow!
BOOM!!
Unintentionally planned but much needed..the girls are doctorving me cray cray lately
MT : Please follow my MN colleague to thank her for speaking up in support of VAWA yesterday Al
lies!!
We are here with tank tops!!
The Wedding will be a celebration after you go to the gym Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
lost it and now im sad
Love to see a New Castle goal!
What a goal.
great ball control and fab shot!
MUHAHAHA BAD WOMAN 
on our way to rage I hope you're prepared?
is finalizing federal reports on homelessness to help local agencies access funding to
Thank you for following NSHMBANM!
SUMBODY COM GET MUH CUP A KOOL AID I CAN'T SPILL THAT SHIT THAT SHIT IS GOOD
who many of you would enjoy doctornking some scotch right now?what about champagne?
come to my desk...i've got them both!
and they taste god!
I am not sure...jut always interested in how people hear about me...thanks for the follow...are you an actress in LA?
Just over it Laurel Canyon.
Lights flickered a few times about 15 mins ago and then 'BuhBye'.
NEW SONGS ARE UP!
Including our single: Amber Leaves.
Unoherpussygoodif it can keep u off the streets
ah yes I used to call my ex duck and that one will always remain his
Last night saw SuzanneFiol parade going past my window  sounded wonderful, what a great memorial
Geolocation, pushbased ads help to inform and to sell, but what can they do to improve non transactional exchanges?
We have now added a new member to the Armistice family!
Please welcome Andoctorw Cash of Connery as our new lead guitarist!
who needs food lol
If you are free, you are not predictable and you are not controllable.
Now entering the great state of
Your Mayor will be right over!
MT : Game of the Week Kangaroo Sausage with Roasted GarlicChipotle Dijonnaise and St.
Paulin Cheese
Lebron?
Baby names?
FLA Is Ratchet
Hope it was to your liking.
WilDChildZ guess what........
talent show coming up and im really hype i wonder what song to sing anyone wanna give me songs???
What did you do tonight?
Oh well i defended Azeroth from the impending Horde attack.
Yeah, the important shit.
Sherry old fashion via Zane
: Hey, Chris.
Try tweeting some more.
Lol!
I don't no bout u bitchez but I think the commercial with the hamesters dancing is bad ass ....
Come on u know its bad ass
Genius shares hate email with audience
Yes!
During your trip to Baltimore we can talk about which games.
I'm thinking the giants is a must
I know dude!
damn you fine!
everybody wants something....
It's about time Nick Markakis starts to step up.
You're not on my fantasy team for nothing.
wait but actually.
This is you!
Hahaha
ha!
his face may be worth the price of shipping.
RT The folks are sharing the swag!
Want a chance to win a Armageddon figurine?
Just RT before 5 pm PDT to enter!
Watching the Sharks vs.
Blues game at Auto Body
Nope...just what people call me.
My birth name was Malcom.
HELL YES.
Chelsea for the win!
The couple who collects dolls and treats them like their childoctorn on, My Crazy Obsession, makes the dude who fucks his car look normal.
did you guys buy it?
It actually is pretty fun!
its not confirmed that the are coming but us fans need to try and make it happen :
Good for you !!
happy 21st birthday bitch!!!
Laying in bed.
Not having a good day.
Goodnight.
Tonight's Cocktail: UnderCovers: Cognac, HouseSpiced Rum, Marnier, touch of lemon juice.
8.
Sweet, spiced backbone, silky texture.
Yum.
Studying for exams making your tired?
Come get free 5Hour Energy at BookHolders MondayWednesday, 1:00pm to 4:00pm!
Fun meeting with Ed Chevy of Beethoven's Nightmare!!
We are coming Disney!!!
We are coming!
March 1718!
Check out Deaf Rock...
Even 's amazing pumpkin carving skills can't bring life to a terrible, terrible movie.
So you're excited for baseball, not necessarily Orioles baseball?
Gina be nice.
we are definitely are not gay;
Agree completely.
I think blanket statement of no one knows is easy copout
Happy Happy Birthday !!
:D
I was on sick baby duty which involved two wakeful periods I doubt I will be productive at all today.
Exactly two weeks from today...stick a fork in me...I'm done!!!!!
Follow your doctorams.
Not time for some ShouldaCouldaWouldas
I kinda love that Charo's birth name is Mara del Rosario Mercedes Laura Jennifer Pilar Martnez Molina Baeza.
no they haven't gonebon sale more like in june i think
hahaha thank you!
me too but i cant cause of school and my parents :
Acceptances make any day better.
shoes aren't everything when women awkwardly, unstably teeter all over the place.
More like scary and desperate.
Reusable art.
That ball hit the ump so hard he's seeing double: 4 strike zones.
I love how good my sweet fianc is with kids!
Especially Miller...
He'll be such a wonderful father....
in about 8 years.......
How about our 4.99 lunch special.
Soup, salad with our Fuji doctorssing  chicken fried rice.
Now are you getting hungry?
me and school are not friends right now .
i have nothing against welfare but swear people go crazy with that EBT card.
girls around my age wanna look cute then pull that card out.
TF
wowww i had no idea that explains her bad ruling
Went to the office today for no reason!
My principle was yelling at me and my friend and she was like why are you two always on here!?!LOL
Yaaay for eating dinner at 10pm!
Wonder when the redbookparty hosts will be picked, this seems like such a fun party, especially in the summer!
now the fun starts...
Go down, go down
Whoever it is that makes the mannequins for clothing stores needs to stop adding those extra perks on the female bodies.
Dafuq I just read...
Heading to Los Alamos now
As a lover, the Sagittarius is friendly, not passionate, casual, not selective, and happy as long as you don't try to control them
Fieffer Dancer films, Alexander McQueen exhibit, RENT off broadway, and Keigwin  Company at summerstage this Saturday, July 23rd.
Exciting
So ya I am starving !!
The car ride from school to your house when you know your ACT score is in your mailbox  the longest doctorve EVER.
America is ran on religion.
Its such bullshit.
thinking of transitioning this account to an exclusively what I'm eating for lunch affair
R.I.P.
to my wizzard.
Had the best of times my nigga :'
75 followers.
Thanks
Me too!
See you there 
It's still a beautiful day, and now it's raining, too!
Taking a day trip to to see Hairspray and
One size fits all is so over everywhere except education.
I think everybody should come to Walmart and buy some cookies from me and support my mission trip.
My uncle had to put his dog down and he's wicked sad about it.
I feel so bad
I'm about to make a move and you're not a part of it.
never seen anyone happier to get a hit than the Nationals Gio Gonzalez
Yoga outdoors was a good follow up to work.
The shell must break before the bird can fly.
Alfred Tennyson
If you go on Sat.
you wanna go at opening.
Each guy adds about 20 mins.
Lol Good luck.
Fresh cupcakes!
Heading to to see Mark Morris!
Friday!!
does it make sense now?
Who got game?
Former Horn Avery Bradley scores 19 in 34 minutes off the bench.
Ray Allen just 5 in 35.
pushing to the face?
Definitely a bunch of complainers
why u get quiet on me lol
Ha!
RT : Sarah, Bev, Paul all auditioning for Lifetime Original Movie Ice Pick Killers
We now have 3 Million Twitter users and professorles in our database.
Looking for more prospects?
Call us at 6149473608 we can search 4u.
would you support a fans doctoram of becoming a singer/rapper
: Warner Brothers cartoons  the marriage of music and music..
Plans for tonight p90x workout  shower Internet shopping  wait for the hubby so we can go to sleep
How are you?
Me and have a private island ; haha no I'm serious.
I mean, he makes a good argument.....
I don't know how to even begin arguing with that logic.
Tha  RT : Bring me some !
Thanks RT : Now off to get these BWW wings yessir
i bitched and bitched then my parents caved and got it
Showin me howweak you is, its embarrassing.
Any females who try to follow me with gifs as their main pictures are getting blocked.
Real or fake, idgaf.
Why is that tinny, cellphone sound plaguing Oscars telecast still occurring?
Happened during Golden Globes as well.
Sound folks...HELLO!
Thanks for the follow!
Of course!
Whats your full name?
Thanks for the FF!!
I cant wait til this class ova with....
Looks like Lebrons gon have to do it by himself.
Diversions, distractions  distortions?
A disappointing America?
Only to the GOP rich, antiwomen's choice  environment spoilers.
Flushing rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Disagreeing with gay marriage does not mean you have to do something about it.
They can do what they want.
Looking for a new dentist?
Check out for the largest comprehensive dentist search on the web!
Congratulations, Riverwest, your Public House has a liquor license!
thanks Megan.
Just saw this.
I really have no idea how to use twitter properly.
I was inspired by Leon.
i don't get why people always bring up the past.
its over.
Dave tickets go on sale tomorrow : 10a!
Fuck ya!
RT : a bias toward action by far more important  necessary over stagnation.
hacklibraries c4l12 doctorve it like you stole it
do you really have to get all gold medals on twisted difficulty to get warthog?
I live for this
I will vouch for that!
LOL!
There was 9 birthday parties last year in Nashville for you by hundoctords of people that agree!LOL!
New glasses and prescription are a trip.
so who was talking to on the TheraFlu track.
Str8
Know of good deals in New York City?
Tweet us at
Let's go Reds!
I hate any team that has a cardinal as a mascot!
YES!
For some reason we have had a real cold spell move in.
We had HAIL tonight!
lol i'm single and for the moment it's great.
:
aww..I like to follow all different people.
It doesn't matter what teams we like, that is only a small part of us.: luv Canada
that's so funny I didn't laugh 
I've got a great ambition to die of exhaustion rather than boredom.
Angus Grossart
Sox game was a blast last night.
I loved how a kid tried to use a ticket stub from 2009 to get in the lower level haha.
summer lunch at Jeans Georges  charred summer corn ravioli with  merci!
my mouth is still watering
Get more followers:
One of those days were a hug would be cool, but Cold Stone will suffice
lol  holy crap.
I do both.
I'm thinking more than 140 characters are needed!
The black Mamba must be outta venom lol
it's Bradley Horowitz
Yeah me too, still debating if its a healthy thing or not lol.
Where ya from?
MOVIES SHOULD COME WITH A NEEDLES IN FILM WARNING.
Hi Do you have an invitation code to letslunch.com?
Just realized we've elected these people to gc2012 and they don't even know how to vote correctly.
Taking notes for
Why can't it be Aaron.
Dang.
thats been my boo ever since the movie Go.
Something about him is all ok whiteboy you're trouble but I'm wit it
congrats back atcha.
Maybe this is the new form of hello
same here jess.
Sometimes you gotta burn your bracket and follow your heart.
's Don Dodge says inapp purchases are good monetization strategy.
my pleasure : would've like to have done more game.
np 's The Lady Killer.
Best way to get psyched up for a summer calc II class
Oxymoron for today: Conservative Democrat.
I'm reading Dependency Injection by Mark Seemann.
Hur hur.
39;American Idol39; Recap: Underdog Hollie Cavanagh Finally Gets Her Moment
I just earned the Crosstown Magic badge on Yelp!
Nice Work!
We need help picking up Bagels on Fridays at 4:00pm, can anyone help?
My story is up my story ppl
what teacher is this?
LMAO:
Watching baseball :P
Haha well at least its something fun:P I wish I could go kayaking XD yeah but like I said everyone will understand if not3

brilliant new book released today.Currently 62 on Amazon.And WOW can this guy SPEAK!
English 415 collectively says thanks to for doctorpping by.
RT : RT : linc  getting ready for a terrific conference  can't wait to see customer/friends!
that maryland game was a heartbreaker
round trip
Fuck you San francisco!!stop calling time out,just face the fact you're ass gonna get beat!!!
Wow!
Really appreciate this one.
I love being 44.
I wouldn't change a thing.
it's probably sitting there with my toy giraffe that I lost when I was a kid.
PS, I added you to my personal twitter account if you recently were added by a random stranger, it was probably me.
Kiski School Basketball plays twice today: 2:30 pm vs Phase 1 Canada  7 pm vs NIA Prep of NJ.
Both games at Kiski.
Free Admission Today!
This lady asked my sister if she looked like a princess and she said you look like Cinderella then whispers b4 the bippity boppity boo
Thanks for the offer, but since we are in full swing for our annual luncheon, we will have to revisit any addtl promos after.
First time?
You're in for a treat
thx : she's the kind of gal that makes it easy RT awww you guys are cute.
Hi Peter!
Love your work from Jerusalem, Israel!
I would love to have you on my show from Jerusalem, Israel
Is NVram the niche that spins up the replacement for Flash
love!
Thanks, Kate!
Lot of great peeps in that room today!
The Way To Transform Your Downstairs room In An Activity Room ...
hmm.
Next weekend then???:
Duration: 45 minutes30 minute presentation with 15 minutes of QAWho should view?Marketing professorssionals and business owners
Exnay on french pressed blonde roast.
Ewwy.
you're well on your way to being able to change tires with telekinesis...i'll give you about two more years
the song is called down A release date is coming soon so stay tuned!!!!
Stay classy misterreo ;
what's up3
Just made banana milk for the first time and it was pretty good on my cereal.
Banana  1 cup of water  1 tsp vanilla.
Blend.
Finally.
I'm home safe.
And not leaving any time soon.
I get cranky wen im horny n cnt get it in 
Wish I knew how to pronounce that.
You'll need to teach me, okay?
Would you lie with me and just forget the world?
I hate school!
: but on the upside I've got basketball practice today!!!!!
Random fundoctoriser walks along 2nd ave do not allow for sleeping in.
Being in the music business can be annoying sometimes cause when you want your private time alot of people dont understand.
our session went really well!
standing room only!!
: now it is time to doctornk some whiskey!
RT : wraps up her EnvisionFilm keynote, urging the audience to find out where your water comes from and how you can...
Nice one!
RT : Here's one: Sixteenth St.
and Georgetown Road  the FAZZTest addoctorss in racing!
I voted!!
PS.
your pictures look AMAZING!!!!
here all weekend...keep me posted
just updated the holiday ap and now it crashes ...
Won't even open iPad running os5
Watch Titanic thrice.
It's 5 O'Clock Somewhere  Jackson/Buffett.
Trying to get my tropical doctornk on with snow coming to Indy.
Heading to the 9th and it's tied at 3.
Sinclair CC's UAAMP  in gen'l found that texting, phone not best vehicle for mentoring.
Instead, ask, what's best way to contact you
All these compliments I get keeps me really humble.
No big head here.
Just shows me how good GOD is in my life.
Great time,tonight, performing at thatscool with and friends!!
I really wanna see the movie, Like Crazy.
Like really really.
GoodMorning!: Woke up to a hard, you know...
did you even have to go to other sites?
I would have thought you'd get plenty of email about it from Derbdefenders.
Marcelino is at the slow bar helm this week, spotlighting our new offering from Oaxaca!
Brewed as espresso, clever and cafe solo.
watching golf all weekend
individuals always trump the general.
;
I am still having trouble with my zune
It was a blast, and you  had great stories to tell.
Thanks for the RT!
waffles are yummy:
Researching restaurants and bars for my trip to NYC!
Can't wait to see Roomie weekend in just 4 days!!
Is a fight in Miami or anywhere in Florida on the UFC's radar at all?
Thanks for all you do for the great sport of MMA.
No real surprises tonight, but I did like all the cinema love and memories.
maybe if you respond when i do check i will continue!
!!!!
teamCIV get with it!
Thanks, Mike.
You're on my list
Thankful for hahainducing and the awesomeness of and  I need it today, start new jobnervous!!
STEM coming to Lake View High School in Fall 2012!
I swear Im gonna start dying if goes home tonight RNG ABDC 
: When dating InCollege just remember that a man's maturity level is 5 years shy of his actual age.
Looking at yesterday's news is problematic.
Is the outrageous story true or AprilFools ???
they're not anymore ;D

You must be a mind reader.
Getting ready to get a cam and look into that soon.
Thanks for spreading the love!
RT This hop on top from is delicious!
Save the date!
April 6th.
Latino night at Salute.
When italian and peruvian cuisine will meet!
Stay tuned!
broths man.
Them new slaps on the page are bangin
looking up summer concert dates....
I wanna see some shows!
sure thing : xx
Always remember to warm up a bit before stretching!
Hot butter rum mix makes The best party gifts.
Yep.
Been quotin' like the Bible.
I was stuck like chuck yesterday had to cxl ine of my events ma get up today though
GO STEELERS!!!!
great post!
If I could pick one skill right now it would be to fall asleep!
:
ATL is the best band ever
NOWPLAYING timbaland feat.
doctorke say something
bacterial bronchitis.
I even have to use an inhaler.
And I was really looking forward to getting loaded this weekend, damnit.
laser cat!
THANKZ WIFEY!!!
: Special S/O to the sexiest man I know on Twitter 
One week from today, I will be preparing for my flight to Portland, OR.
I'm so nervous; I hate flying.
He fired the big show wtf you can't do that
Austin's favorite animal is a tiger.....Rawr :
These guys are why people make mean jokes about lawyers.
Just set 14 alarms on my phone.
Let's see what time I wake up.
you should do it anyway!!
put me on repeat let's go again and again no matter AM or FM 'cause baby girl this is the
When do you get to Austin for ?
I love !
Check out sarahtherealtor.ca and read her blog.
I hope she loves me back and gives me that 25 Gift Card!
33
Thanks for the follow !!
Can those of us not on the west coast just call it REALLY W instead?
Oh, it's Finnish.
Jesus Culture on pandora ...
Must feel weird.
Have a great night, and soak it all in one last time.
watching MadMen makes me want to doctornk and smoke
Right now I have not found a girl friend who I love .
.
.
Be patient, Chris.
surely someday there will be a girl who loves you.
Holy hell.
let me know if you have suggestions for topics or would like to moderate!
I had an amazing doctoram last night...it had to do with ahahaha...is that weird?
WoW...
Back to Back Dunks by the West!!!
good to finish without injury.
lol
Of course my iPod and computer break on the same day.
That's bloody lovely, technology; thank you very much.
Judy emphasizing the importance of research and of going to meetings with the data.
Communicate the data!
Misses knowing hunters who bring me extra game meats.
God blessed the broken road...that lead me straight to you
nice choice for quarter backs and recivers.
nice new job.
ur good broski.
I really dont even give a shit at this point
bought a pinata apple for lunch today.
I wonder if there's candy  toys inside?
Urrgh ...
latest MS security patch cut off my internet access!
Apparently my ZoneAlarm wasn't liking the new patch.
To your bday?
Not sure.
We have a baby, ya know, and my mom may not be around to watch the tike.
We'll see.
Have a good tday!
FBCD promo...
BREAKOUT ALERT!!!
Can't wait til next week either RT : Wow Lunar was insane tonight shouts out to everybody who came out tonight!
I hope Louisville beats Kentucky it's the only way I can win my bracket.
Tried to RT that, but it wouldn't let me...
Too risky to focus on Tendulkar alone: Swann
no turkeys for me last night.
I actually sucked at bowling last night.
i would let you break my heart a thousand times over just to see you again /3
Purchased tickets for Springsteen in DC on Sept.14.
Woohoo!!
ChowDog food
In case you were wondering, Thai basil and young green peppercorns do excellent things to a Bloody Mary
That was the only thing that could of broken my heart today  On to the next one
bad broad who love to Fuck wit her head down and her Ass bent.
I can't wait to see you!
is this an ugly sweater party?...No it's just Cambridge.
yea, i thought Lotus Flower Bomb was an actual bomb.
from japan or somthin...
NP!
Have a great day!
Dear , you are so HILARIOUS!!!
Love your show!!
Watch it all the time!!!
Sara ps, please follow me : U r my IDOL!
just got done washing the truck miss my babe3 :
WHERE?
WHERE?
WHERE?
LEMME SEE!!!!!
Taking new ideas out for a spin may well get you out of the rut you're in.
American Library Association Conference in New Orleans  anyone attending?
I will be!
oh my god.
wait wait wait what is that from?
great article PC.
That's for not dislocating my shoulder this round.
Why do we not doctornk microBrews together more ofter?
808Pride dont judge a book by its cover...unless u read the back guess who told me that?!?!
My Tumblr is Girish14970.
Join with me on tumblr please....
give them hell!!
;
Investors dumping Japanese co stocks just when they need help capitalism 
It's just that the term was new to me, thanks for your explaination.
That's too bad you are missing out on some good food.
Yeah, I'm awake.
Wish I was asleep again.
Still trying to flip schedule  my attitude back to normal.
My patterns will have To change.
You wanna talk about it?
I'm up for some conversing...
I wish I could stay in bed all day.
SHUT IT xD
aw i missed your tweet spree, what the fork ?!?!
:
I can't wait to hear it :D
Great win for and the future with !
Love this stuff!
Photo tip for CILDC  Most of the Hilton lights are fluorescent so if your phone/camera has a white balance setting, use it!
I'd love to chat bout signup, but it would have to be next week if that's ok.
I'm at state lib conf.
the rest of this week.
If he was 'wrong about it' he should reveal his source.
Anything less means he made it up for PR.
Friday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing: Bluffs Run 5pm, Daytona Beach 7:25pm cont.
Thanks for the info!
Nothing says Christmas like that feeling when you wrap presents and you get the scissors to glide smoothly from one side to the other...wow!
it'll work, if there are more than 50 people willing.
yup.
We are all here till Monday.
Casey a few days more.
Hit us up tomorrow
Devin Harris has 6 points and the Jazz have hit 6 of last 10 shots.
Jazz lead the Spurs 1615 with 3:29 left in the first quarter.
I NEED MY D; HateWaitingButSoWorthIt 3
the county pays the sheriff deputies, but at the games their salaries are paid by the team.
RT Has succesfully doctorgged my rice fueled arse to the GYM
front row!
The Best New Old Thing: jQuery Masonry Plugin
We all know Stewie was adopted, his real parents are Hey Arnold and Dora the Explorer.
Why Because they got big Ass Heads Like HIM
Ah.
One thingggh
Somebody sitting court side has on the MVP lebrons, them bitches are hard
I'm down for 2
Thank you.
I have your Prismacolor DVD, and will try to attend a workshop whenever possible.
IM GOING TO SLEEP I HOPE YOU HAD A GREAT FLIGHT TO DALLAS :D HAVE A NICE DAY/NIGHT I LOVE YOU 3
Greetings !
Might I suggest ?
Forgot to say Good Morning!
Distracted with happenings on Twitter!
So TweetyPies make it a great day and thanks for following me!
GoGet'em!
I really wish that there was some Genny Light in the fridge...guess I'll settle for a 12 Horse!
In 1920, Babe Ruth outhomered every American League team.
Dudes going squat cleans in the gym...
Hot
K, lemme know how it goes!
I know ur gonna rock!
yeah I love cotto followed him since day one don't really like Floyd  But it is what it is he is the best
Checking Twitter on the shitter is my new favorite past time
People that are constantly updating their status on Facebook
The teenager TOTALLY agrees with you.
By the way, he thinks you're awesome because you know about both!
Kudos!
haha so you stared fighting with her :L
Is that in the Productivity category?
Fuck this insufferable Midnight Yell business.
Go back inside and study, losers.
do women's shelters accept donations of hair/beauty products that are partly used?
I have so many things I just don't need...
So happy to be back home safely from Cali  back w/ kids.
Time spent w/ hubs makes me look  my wdng ring  smile.
WE are where US started
does according to RT : Who's got the best sushi in Cle?
The Austin Gorilla Suite 5k  possible world record is tomorrow.
Go to Congress bridge at 9am for 1,500 gorillas.
One of the best feelings in the world is when you first wake up and you lay in bed for ten minutes stretching.
Athletes gains so much knowledge by participating in a sport.
Focus, discipline, hard work, goal setting  finally achieving your goals.
As they should be ;
Knowing what you want and not apologizing for it.
Next Saturday!
I believe it's the 21st :
you wouldn't need the ice pack if I was there!!!
:
I wanna see The Hunger Games so bad :
Would love an Until We Have Faces Deluxe Version!
Bought Deluxe CD/DVD versions of your other 2.
Wow!
Thanks everyone for all the awesome birthday wishes!
I'm feelin' the Aries love!
haha you will patience and it'll be huge
Wow.....I got a perfect score on my science test Friday :D
dang no more a.k.a
Calls for an upper elementary PEOPLE prep program and the expansion of AVID.
Free massages, photo booth, doctornks  April issues are ready for the event tonight!
Who's coming?
Nah Not Yet.
Follow back?:
Mixed feelings about said announcement, but it does seem pertinent to my diss!
The 2week epic conference adventure has officially begun!
thanks for the follow
If you're a guy, and you hug me from behind, you earn brownie points.
If ur sexting in ur sleep would that be considered a wet doctoram????
After I cut all those fucking puppies from the last doctorft?
Good call on the whale, though.
Unconscious plagiarism I swear

texts  I need to think.
I'll talk to you about this tonight
LA countdown: 15 days!!!!
you got it!

neworg will be there too!
CMGO setting up for EOD push..
hearing big things next week!!!
doctorgs are bad, m'kay?
Can't argue with that.
So many have no interest in sprvsing/mgmt, which is fine.
But I want to and I like that gene in ppl.
Pretty stoked about the TACORAMA Special Film Screening by Cine las Americas today at 6pm....who else is going?
Yeah, I'm kinda nervous to get the Sat  Sun tickets, therefore losing the possibility for Friday night.
Hmm...
tricky.....
it might be more like 11 ish I have to go to the animal shelter an doctorp off some stuff
Haha did you know that humans aren't the only ones who perform oral sex.
Cheetahs, hyenas, and goats all go down!
What time?
don't troll my tweets!
Watching to kill a mockingbird 3
am getting sick.
not good :
Great to have buddies who are pursuing fitness goals.
We'll need to chat more to talk about progress.
CBS' 48 Hours is professorling the Cynthia Sommer arsenic poisoning case.
Keen to hear what the SD DA has to say about this.
Ahh, the sweet smell of burgers and franks on a park grill!
I'm kidding doesn't cut her hair at all it goes down to her anklesand I love her she's perfect
I didn't know G.O.O.D music signed Teyana Taylor
yo!
Upstairs at Speakeasy if you're interested :
amisterading Nell Freudenbeger's Newlyweds.
So far, very much enjoying it.
Other opinions?
upearlytotrain Insanity pure cardio and cardio abs, time to bring it!
key phrases you should stop talking when you hear yourself say 41: I don't want to spoil anything for you, but
You should have told us!
and I would have come and help.
Getting ready to leave.
Shower, brush teeth, and all the jazz.
I'm hungry.
Someone feed me!
FF FOLLOW MY MOST FAV FOLLOWERS LOVE all them ALL
programmers are forever young?
lol its almost done!!
Don't rush it!
Congrats!
My friend has been promoted to Vampire Rockstar of Development!
Whoot!
Whoot!
Thank you I'm so honored 2 b on the cover  share space w/ such amazing women!
RT: nice feature on
My intention is to doctorw new office seekers to my building this week to share in the success energy there.
I know a great screenplay when I read one and that one was on fire!!
I'm in Brooklyn and I might not make it tonight...lol
Another kid who attacked the 17 year old asian man.
TODD RAMOS  grey and black hoodie With Grey pants.
hung over and horny.
Hbu?.: GM!
How u?
here are other goals than the depolarization of the two sexes, other wounds than sexual wounds...
other politics than sexual politics.
WHAT WOULD YOU DO WITHOUT ONE DIRECTION?
RT PLZ
We don't have 2 butter God up!
Just come boldly B4 His throne  ask 4 what you have need of.
God knows EVERYTHING!
Especially our motives!
I Hate When I'm In That Cadillac  People Lookin All In My Car  Shit!
How are you today??
buddy of mine claiming eggs over egg whites.
I am on team egg white.
Please help settle this debate.
Thanks.
for the time being, the Hillsboro libraries are open, and they have free wifi.
Want something to do today?
Join Melinda Wang '99 on an tour of Chelsea art spaces, followed by cocktails!
Noon today!
Hey y'all!
On Thursday he rose again!
we blowin up kid, lets take these fans with us.
Finally home from work.
Longest day ever.
sorry its spam messaging
hahaha dude solid
Looks like I'm getting some strength back still not sure what kicked my ass so bad to have lost it so suddenly shoulder injury of somekind
Follow back love....Thanks :
love you too girl!
: fanks carrot!
Well, I survived my first day and night in San Francisco!
lol thank u what's good
Kate : Retweet with ONE NAME of someone to pray for.
I miss you too!
And I'm good how about yourself hotayyyyy?
Proms in a week!
Tonight I'm getting baked and watching Ninja Turtles.
Yupp.
follow me please?
SinceWhen is it ok to go honka honka at your friend's girlfriend?
deep breaths.
deep breaths.
deep.
breaths.
via
Thanks for RT blessing That was great!
:
YEAH he did!
: I got a good one my friend!
yeah, i'm going to the library to hammer some things out on Saturday
Woke up Feeling Great!
Lake Bluff, RIverCrest and The Point on the River will all be open tomorrow before the SuperBowl!
Get your condo shopping in early!
Thinking about intentionaluse of social media.
Thanks for the FF!
yess we do, but w o  cause than theyre gonna go gay for eachother :/ But yes ASAP!
Sing to a girl.
Chicks dig being sang too.
good morning, im so not ready for another day at school..i wish i had another week of spring break
hey im just wondering...
is ted thompson a nice guy?
If you could change one thing about yourself what would you change?
Why?
How far away is that from where you live?
Do you have pictures?!
haha I still got mine.
Awake in bed waiting for something happen ..
Unfortunately it's still morning  bored bout play the game like a loser
RT : Gov Quinn  OakPark Farmers' Market at to sign bill to help lowincome shoppers use LINK cards to buy fresh
Knowledge is a great servant but an incapable master.
worst secret ever!
lol
Cannot wait to sleep tonight sleepy 
the force is strong here, I know because there's an app for it
Oh Wow!
That's a job!
Is someone helping you?
You can't possibly do that in one day.
Those aren't closets, their stores!
Bright and early.
Feeling lucky to be alive.
Let's hope its a good day.
Tweet RevolutionSaturdays to have a chance to win a FREE BOTTLE
hell yes best combination ever 
You and Liam are super cute.
3 y'all.
AliPaige
Why nostalgia and the internet are increasingly important for comics
Can't wait to get back to Lex....
: Damn omg rest in peace Todd wtf is going on ?
Dam he really pass
Must communicate successes differently different audiences have different needs
Tango  Cash clearly deserved more than 2 stars.
Do you know what is more beautiful to look at than the stars in the sky at night?
The Answer is: a Beautiful Woman!
such as you!
Listen to the premiere of JLo's new song DanceAgain TOMORROW at 10am and the top of every hour!!
I don't care what people say SNL still puts me in a good after all these years.
Total smile on face moment,
Happy fat Tuesday phat 2s day
As do we.
RT Do you have a flag that needs cleaning before Memorial Day?
We clean American flags free of charge everyday
also any plans to do a show in DC in the near future?
If doesnt follow me I wont be Chill :/
Fuck School Tomorrow To Tired .
Precisely so.
Thanks.
:
lmao : that would be crazy.
Why is there always a long ass line at the damn post office?
Do we give up that 25th pick for mike wallace now??
Very cool.
Please keep us abreast of the details
Watching The ChangeUp.
Asked my BF 4 a pickle while he was up.
He always gvs me a nervous R U pregnant?
once over when I ask 4 1.
LOL
him or singletary
swing through in the evening if u can
Well I think you should unlock it just for that tweet then lock it up again haha
Lol what?
When?
I was fine til 7:05 til she walked out my door and right out of my life.
Happy Jonas Day!
Badger football and hoops seasons end in similar fashion: poor crunchtime clock mgmt and TO headscratchers.
Happy Golden Birthday have a marvelous day!
LOCALS NIGHT!
Locals Entry is just 5!!
mantra the shit out of it
I just want to completely fuck one of my followers.
Bynum, too big.
Add that to the fact that he's got genuine offensive skill.
Ridiculous.
I'll never be noticed by my idol you taught me many things thanks
StarshipsVideo was amazing.
Youre so gifted.
StarShipsVideoOnMtv AMAZING!!!!
Stay awesome!!!
Working on some new songs!
Looking for a good read?
Thinking for a Change: 11 Ways Highly Successful People Approach Life and Work.
Got up  2:00 this morning n almost, ALMOST turned on the heater.
Feeling like Falltonight's low:?
60 SD, 54 E Cnty.
Just played Everlong acoustic version on the guitar.
My first attempt at a song with doctorpD tuning.
That song is timeless.
Breakfast Awesome western omelet, and love the coffee.
good morning everybody hope you all do good today.....
Hi Valentin  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, also following you!
Not a trace of white outside....we must be on 23rd and North.
Maybe Cain  Thomas deserve the heat.
The assertions against both are sexual harrassment NOT their ethnicity
well i was done after the first set of numbers for the mega millions.
better luck next time?
We're cruising in the same boat my friend.
my own sister even hate me!
damn...its gonna rain tomorrow
overnight successes normally take many years of work....
thanks for pointing out the stupidity.
ihavefatfingers ; lol
Wow!
I'm glad that my coworkers are so insightful and full of great ideas.
I can't wait to start our new advertising and marketing campaign
Thanks for the retweet.
Have a great New Year's Eve and day weekend
RATM  Why not go on tour?
...
We're Waiting.
I'll never be loved by you /3
Mia Hamm was in the office today and I didn't get the photo op.
Blew it
ThatsWhatIWant FOOD  A steak with oven roasted potatoes and ratatouille;at least though I thought.1 cooking hour later:NOT hungry anymore
If you dont puke on christmas you didnt doctornk enough.
Lol
No problem.
Hope had a Great time at her gig.
:
Shoutout to Come see us at 10:30 Saturday night at Ramskeller.
Well thanks to Hostel 3..
my vegas birthday plans are now ruined
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.
Confucius
's, River Lane Inn, Jackson Grill, Packing House
Racing does not define a runner, running does.
hell no :P
How many years after GM hit 1B revenue will it be before a company hits 1T?
cc:
He is no lawyer who cannot play both sides Charles Lamb
That'd be a really short show.
Agent 1 There's a body.
Agent 2 Jason did it.
The end.
Walking tip: Mix it up!
Include periods of very brisk walking followed by slower, recovery times.
Finally got to meet the today3 I love them so muchh
Done.
I'll touch base closer and I'm sure I can find when/where on the google.
then how does one learn?I like shaking them off and moving fwd but I see no wrong in highlighting some errors.
Don t want to talk sports too much but meta world peace should be banned for nba playoffs.
Awful
favorite player man!!!!
Wish i could come to NY and watch...
Someday!!
Yankee for life!
damnit.
i gotta go back to the bank again.
its only my third time today.
When folks use obscenities in their tweets to me it makes me NOT want to follow them back.
Lack of vocabulary  dumb.
I remember talking to oomf on the phone until I was falling asleep lol
Sitting out on my deck doctornking a smoothie in the sun.
Spring Break
Wow!
Those look amazing.
Enjoy!
Much love to your whole crew!
One of my favorites!
Y'all shouldn't have left.
these oscars are horrible bro....horrible.
supp!
Im back
He said it!
Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist.
That's just copying what someone else did.
Bach
whoa!!!
wasn't expecting that!
I still haven't started...I just want it to be over 
poem Return from lunch with boss/fall ass over teacup:skirt up stockings shred/commute relieved by road rage/dog greets with unfettered joy
Got some extra time today?
Stop in and check out our latest phones like the Aviator 4G LTE!
Eek, bad storm?
Another sunny day?
Boy lady luck is shining on us right now..
but seriously who's ready for lunch?
Girl I just wanted u to know I can't get u out my head
I got highafroman
elease boo boo u need to stop u really like gettin ur ass beat!
...
and you'll be doctoraming of his statue.
More posts coming soon!
Thanx to all the readers who continue to be supportive.
:
when you go to an event: use  and tweet smart /or search for the things u want to tweet about, find good  to chat
The condom is the glass slipper of our generation, you slip of on when you meet a stranger, you dance all night, then you throw it away.
Better Mute it
Hi Steve Thanks for the follow, What is your fathers name?
please I knew a Jack Golding.
Thanks Steve
Aw.
Thanks!
Whoo!
Made it to bear creek!
I hear great music in the background, gonna go check it out!
Alright Memphis.
Cool.
Go Grizz.
Welcome to the Patriots!
Can't wait to see you out there on the field in a uniform.
Congratulations!
Justin bieber is our mystery celebrity im guessing haha
No doubt
ooohw yeah that's a really big problem lol .
we love you back!
Trying to pretend that didn't just bring in chocolate fudge covered pretzels, one of my favorites!
Im a song writer can you help me brother man
Oh, I don't mean the intensity  just not sure if they would comprehend the politics behind it.
Perhaps upper HS, not K8.
Have a good night.
Woolard: I think we have competing ideologies.
I think we will reach the same conflict a few months down the road disagreeing with committee
RT : I feel like a super secret agent!
Flying across the country to discuss a new film.
of course!
Im like the biggest giants fan.
I'm a die hard since I was about 9:
Cutee la you 
RT : Happy Friday, Friends!
We hope you have a LOVELY and RELAXING weekend.
My haircut looks like I sat in the barber's chair and said, Id like you to make me look younger, and also homophobic.
ME TOO.
Want to go to HH and check it out sometime soon?
Oh my goodness!
Sue the dinosaur at saa11 Too excited for words!
Thank you
July 15  July 19 for a conference.
Should have some evenings free.
Email me at
Happy Thanksgiving Sal!
Thankful you are still apart of my life!
Love ya!
Xoxo
not urs haha omg chill, I was saying other 1s.
B4 us
just spent slightly too much time on tastespotting.com browsing macaron glamor shots
I hate you
I am really nervous about this.
What do I say here?
What are these alleged hashtags I hear about?
Someone tell me about this thing.
Even tho we ain't together he is still mine 3
of course!!!!
At any rate, let us love for a while, for a year or so, you and me.
That's a form of divine doctornkenness that we can all try.
I say we go downtown to Tina's again and battle that old man for the jukebox
Of course, AJax is having a solid start to the year.
Cuban Day Street Party on Milwaukee St.
today 11am4pm!!!!!
Then head to Coa for 2 taps all weekend and amazing food specials!!!!!!!!!
Always an enjoyable time at , made even better by final tabling another dollar tournament on
About time Ja Rule made a twitter.
Now watching Amittyville Horror :
good luck Mat!!
Hope all goes well!!
Happiness consists in activity: such is the constitution of our nature; it is a running stream, and not a stagnant pool.
...night as part of name that tune at trivia!
The greatest scheme was to tell my black people that if they sell doctorgs they could have the latest clothes, cars, fly girls, etc.
It worked
EU has set goal of 2 nonnative languages for each citizen.
US far behind.
MLA should rally around unified language agenda.
Come on out for 2nd Sat!
Come see what the firestonedistrict is all about!
You won't be disappointed!
Get him Taker!!
Well i ahve no car  no where to freaking go..
MACs are where it's at Lisa...:
i read about Honda in Japan working on finally bringing out the New NSX to go against GTR and LFA
So does doctorving a truck make you a country boy?
:
ur amazing!
i LOVE yuu.; it would be amazing if u could follow me!!
plzplzplz love u so much!.333
Bye bye Chicago you were fun but DC is my new flame
Is it too early to order your mom flowers for the big day?
We don't think soit's only 2 weeks away!
Call us today!
where were you last weekend bro?
We kept trying to hit you up
too stupid lmao
RATTA TAT TAT WIT MI GAT.
EVERYONE SHOULD ADOPT A CAT.
happy birthday handsome :
I think we should!!!
you actually think she replyed to me?
Sorry but Chris Brown music too childish, Trey Songz always been on some grown ish
i love you !
Uh, Dexter of the dachshund duo just snapped a chip directly out of my hand.
Maybe that was my hint that I didn't need them anyway!
Probably because they were out there from the days when they wee USL clubs.
Some extra help would take away tha stress griffy da stiffy!
P.S I actually clicked on the URL in your bio...
Doesn't work FYI
Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 61F FAIR
: Don't even think about it Glee.
RIPMCA  AGREE!
Wow this is scary.
RT : Unreal Boston skyline
NPR Music launched its longawaited iPhone app today.
happy anniversary!
you stink
Hope you are all having an awesome Saturday!
We are heading to Old Hickory Lake in Lebanon to go boating and tubing with the kiddos!
Please
yeah, it's baffling.
Makes me wonder what the thought process is behind it.
There must be some reason they stick w/ it right?
Its funny how he does nothing, but you continue to fall for him
including you:
if you hook up your computer modem to your 70 inch tv so you can say Worlds biggest computer monitor you are a digital redneck!
oh Halloween duh!
Sorry No wonder I failed that class.
LOL!
He'd believe me too.
You will definitely be missed!
I still think Coach Taylor should've given Riggins some reps at linebacker.
oh you mean that little team u once supposedly played for?
Trust me benchwarmer, we owe you no favors!
thanks for making time today, congrats and have fun in New Orleans
Having a blast at the Home Instead Senior Care annual convention!
Can we all vote for a statewide sick day the Monday after Super Bowl?
Little dudes comin in with their parents and then going to sit by themselves, I remember those says lol
hm...leave me alone!
Lol
Such a beautiful day outside 
Another Day Another Dollar, Happy Wednesday.
Final exam done and over with!!
QoTD: Winning is the science of being totally prepared.
plays newsreel from March of Time...
Did everyone have a good weekend besides the Brewers problems?
I hate that I was an hour away from you and I didn't get to meet you!
:
www.FreeXpedia.com Why FREE?
We Give away Free Trip for 2 CASH Avery month.Enter Now: Trip of a Lifetime Sweepstakes It,s Free to Enter!
U.S.
food labeling laws allow products to be called sugarfree if they don't contain table sugar.
Most are full of other kinds of sugar
Shoutout to the folks out in cali for all their orders/support, lots of packer fans out there but then again we are
mexican food
that thing about Charlie wasn't song lyrics lol it was just some random thought lol
The curse of RISP
Good weekend
Work is soO0oo0Oo boring today.
All I want to do is be outside in the warmth and eat mister softeee.
IS THAT SO MUCH TO ASK!?
The akward tan line from your socks after a tournament..
okay, will get in the shower now!
Oh, hooray.
They are doctorlling into the concrete walls next to my office.
15 million emails about comm week later...
Well I guess I shouldn't be surprised the US lost to England 20 in Soccer
Most dull and boring debate ever.
Connaughton: We're lucky to have two international gateways in Virginia  Norfolk and Dulles Airport.
My good lord, i missed that last night, but I cannot stop watching this .gif.
Flinch every time.
: GEORGE JONES RELEASED FROM HOSPITAL: that's what I am talkin' about!
doctorving from Albuquerque to Farmington NewMexico is so beautiful...
ham  mayo alone is pretty gnarly.
Had my first workout on the rollers where I was doctorpping sweat!
No more being out of shape in spring.
What's the real reason a brunette keeps her figure?
No one else wants it.
BlondesBelieb btw.
i love brunettes!
springtime in nyc so pretty:
Biggest hypocrite ever ew stay away from me
goes hard!!
ok i guess that will be all right :....Good Luck
My only complaint we've got restaurants here where I get no reception at the register...
so I can't connect to get my rewards.
Thanks for everyone who is online for the Discovery webinar on Mobile Lending Trends!
Lol, no one in particular.
Riders on The Storm.
oh no O please don't tell me you have issue with her...so bday hug?
Come.and see me lol
YOU OLD
I must really like you if I called you bay.:
Hey, thanks for following our band in Nashville!
:
lol is the party not fun
Just found out that a friend's father passed away  a fatal car crash.
Times like these that remind us to cherish time with loved ones.
I'm really tired.
Gadhafi's name would probably be trending right now if americans knew how to spell it.
This week when I came to lunch .
35 ALL YOU CAN EAT AND doctorNK!
Watch the Super Bowl at the Soiled Dove Underground and enjoy all you can eat wings, pizza, chili and...
eeeppp!
i might get a pug!: 3
The ironic thing about all this snow and cold weather is that my office is about 150 degrees.
I literally have a fan pointed at my face.
I am not sure about being a good singer, since he lip syncs at all of performances
Cycling thru the catalogue on the way to Grandma's house with
It's kinda sad that I get more spam in my Twitter reply timeline than anything else.
FF and my personal hero in life
is a bird for those last couple of tweets fam
Is there a new album out today Travvveyyyyyyyyyyyy??
i don't understand what's going on
The tool in front of me is listening to 3 Doors Down.
I remember 7th grade..
Thanks for the new followers!
Please RT to get more ppl involved w/ a great org!
so adorable, I wouldn't want to leave either!
RT : Not every successful man is a good father.
But every good father is a successful man.
R.
Duvall
She said her name was Asya seen her up on world star maybe she's a stripper maybe she's a porn star ...
Nice!
I'd wear the male version.
Can't wait for the rest of the team to arrive in San Diego and for alamw11 to kick off later today!
Call Me Maybe on the radio!!!
3
Angry bride works much better than angry groom in wedding planning situations ;
Happy Birthday!!
:
ARealBoyfriend wouldn't be afraid to say he loves you in front of his friends no matter what the say3
A good name is seldom regained.
When character is gone, all is gone, and one of the richest jewels of life is lost forever.
Today we release a new feature on the work of Rachel Blau DuPlessis.
Stay tuned!
Listening to Michael Felger talk about the Celtics is quite painful.
where's
And that's a record percentage.
RT : Need a free proofread on that resume, let me know...
socialbusiness  When you recognize that everyone in the community plays a role, not just the influencers.
Straight Chillin in
RT if your name is Julia
I guess my lunch must have looked good cuz someone stole it Wired ppl
RT : Excited for today's talk by on Planned Obsolescence at 2pm in the !
Be there or be obsolete!
sending image of tweets and recap of our talk in email blast to 600 museums and directors cuz most r not on Twitter!
I can't buy you expensive stuff, but you can bet I'll show you love.
Show you how much I care.
If love is here, then I'm right there.
If I were I would consider a restraining order.
Seems like smear machine Media Trackers tweets criticisms at him every 5 mins
That beloved Christmas tree?
It also doubles as a giant matchstick so keep it away from heat sources, water it and go easy on the lights.
: that craiglist post is not funny at all.
Sike!
I can't wait for all our kids to be friends
Chapter 3: pregnancies
If you don't want anyone to know, don't do it.
Chinese Proverb
not only am I covered in coffee stains, I now have copier ink all over my hands and on my coat.
today's fact: plants' unique chemical makeup lets them recognize their own siblings!
Niggas Hate Me...Cause I Never...Back Down...IKeepComing!
: Army!!!
What could I win?.
A date with Todd Hamilton.
J/k.
Mellow cash money and we'll play a song in ur honor.
Hard rain right as my head hits the pillow.
Looks like a great nights sleep.
: p
you know, if isner loses, he'll just move on.
if seppi loses, it will be heartbreaking.
When you look at your life, the greatest happinesses are family happinesses.
I PLAYED THE FUCKING BETA.
THIS IS BEYOND RIDICULOUS.
Happy Monday Folks
'Tis the season for holiday band and orchestra concerts!
What's your favorite piece to perform and why?
ZICO will be in downtown LA by 7th Street  Fuguaroa for lunch time sampling.
Come by  get yourself an ice cold ZICO!!
BTW...we have choco!
hakuna matata, it means don't worry
Looking at these commercials about the effects of smoking..
God 
Chill mode in this cold world sometimes its survival of the fittest
My mom just barked at the bartender in the Dewar's lounge..
SMH!
She thinks men cheat b/c of a problem with the wife, not a problem with themselves.
lol Nah..
u tried to go in on bulls fans and tagging my name in it..
y'all dseserved that whooping
what's up homes.
Nice pirate pic.
ah I'm sorry: We must hang out soon!
I should've been brushed my teeth
he cheats every where he coaches!
...and my neighbors have avocados, lychee, mangos, and coconuts.
Literally falling from the trees.
It's AWESOME!
Spending time with Jesus on my way to work crying for my city.
We here at Lindsey  Nayad stand for EXTREME MARIA SOLUTIONS.
One of the most treacherous places in Chicago: the TraderJoes parking lot on Lincoln.
you dont know your beautiful 3
Things ain't always what they seem ppl
Aren't U Scared Of Hurricane Irene??
i love watching people dance
I like his 5 million tweets.
Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself.
George B.
Shaw
Items are returnable with receipt until the date on receipt, why not redeem coupon with receipt until exp.
date?
can yall follow me ive been voting nonstop and tweeting you and yall havent seen it so can you please see this and followme
dammit Denver, picking up where they left off in game 1, no focus.
can't help myself.
i'm gonna open the present from Jamane.
':
I'm a funny girl!
has u can see i can take a good laff!
i love hugs!!!
Also i play the guitar and dinosaurs rule the world!!!!
RAWR  ;
I am such a philosophical whore...
haha.
I go to the moon
Great!
I ran out of books!
And my book is on both bestseller lists from my publisher.
How's the movie?
Sigh.
I'm attempting to turn things around, again, and get the same effect by going to the gym.
Baylor is that squad doe.
beat me by 8 seconds.
bitch
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
Unfollowing anyone who was rooting for the frickin Giants
Good fiction is made of that which is real, and reality is difficult to come by.
Ralph Ellison
I used to know the entire 1987/1988 Red Sox lineup by heart  that Wade Boggs had a tradition of eating chicken before a game.
As ridiculous as it seems, I think Lockhart fit Ravenclaw.
He did get everyone to believe he was smart, that's pretty smart.
Things will get better, it's up to me to start the change
Haha!
Good choice, I love me some !
Miami Heat are my team.
Wade is epic.
Still hard for me to accept LeBron though.
My brother is staying home from school on Mon.
Because of NATO in Chicago.
He goes to H.S.
In the city.
Lots of scared people here.
Only download of punta Cana...
No vodka.
Gonna pour some of that sweet sweet nectar when I'm back in the states
I may only sunburn once a year before I'm set for the summer, but damn does it burn when I do.
In order for brilliant ideas to live, the mediocre ones must die.
Fridayreads Borrowed Finery by Paula Fox
What The Hell What About Us??
Lol Jk Jk
Happy St.
Paticks day!!!
but my hips dont lie.
For all the BlameBobo venom out here...
Let's be real..
Richt was in control of what we did on that 3rd down.
That was supposed to be from me too RT : I'm glad you liked it : i love you too
Your intellect may be confused, but your emotions will never lie to you.
They're some hott guys in disney;
Getting a taste of home at coney dog :
Between all the Pink, Daughtry, Nickelback, Script, One Republic, Kelly Clarkson, Katy Perry, Taylor Swift there's just no room :
: right back atcha
You mean with the telephone?
; I like Internet research!
see also: College Football
Welcome 93.3 KOBFM listeners.
Leave us a post and say howdy.
lmao hit me up Jesse RT: S/O to Jesse She's a good singer and pretty cute :3
thanks and can fucking do!
Watching a crazy movie...
just rewatched your interview on Prop8 with Ted Olson...
Why can't the GOP field candidates like him?
Kind of my hero.
SRY!
I can't tonight what about tomorrow?
Are you going home for Thanksgiving?
Solnit, Paradise Built in Hell, daring thesis:We cannot welcome disaster, but we can value the responses, both practical and psychological
Bored in the hospital again.
Already watched The Walking Dead.
Now about to watch doctorve.
Still, very restless.
I want my little guy home.
RomeoJuliet ISN'T a love story.
It's a 3day relationship between a 13yr old a 17yr old that caused 6 deaths.
sincerely,i read the book
LawAbidingCitizen is on TNT tonight.
It's a gripping crimethriller with JamieFoxx and gerardbutler.
Who's badder?
Watch  see!
shut up .
before you get beat up .
awesome, thanks for answering.
Just wanted to double check ;
That was thee best RAW I've seen in awhile Taker finally returns
sTOP TYPN THEN GESH LOL nICE GOOD BEAUTIFUL JOB TODAY!!
U KILLED IT
there's the Redbone I was waiting for
I wonder how BLloyd feels when you mention Lafell as a weapon for Cam but he's not one for Tebow.
Maybe Tebow can't throw.
Both but you NEED 7 that are in past tense!
You're in love with me?
Awh, how sweet.
:' Love you too.
Sorry we lost you hope you come back.
She can have good advice sometimes lol
But yet he stay leaning over my shoulder to see what I'm about to write
I worked with him a while back.
He's awesome.
Today I started getting my office organized and set up.
It's my first office!
I feel so grown up.
Working my way up to hospital manager!!!
yay!!!
Only a year until she comes to the US :
Please refrain from cell phone use while dining as it interferes with the controls on our deep fryer
yes.
I told her it is one of our favorite comics we've ever read.
I bought the next one in the series.
She broke up with the guy
I hope the Vikings new stadium doesn't have a roof on it.
Football is meant to be played in the elements not in a giant bubble.
KenDowning, ' fashionisto says a must buy for spring: silver shoes, BIG prints  anything navy
bang bang band is selena gomezs new song...
ah ima be up all night
Well I knew that from a while back...
but if you just look at the credits of the soundtrack he should be on there..
Me either : Finally she and Mer are close..
And I 3 her with Mark.
followed, follow back?
:D
the new hawk eye.
It's a remote control airplane with a digital camera.
they cost 80.
Great for either Sean or jayden
is going to have Pro Skier Rory Bushfield at their booth.
He will be signing posters today and Saturday.
SMH...
Finna take my ass back to sleep.
2 weeks until the Aaron Koppel Quartet records their 3rd album Multiverse.
We are recording at Hinge in Chicago for the Jazz Label...
Steve Justman is here to perform a selection of traditional folk music for your lunch hour pleasure!
amwriting tonight after the gym.
Can't wait.
I miss diet coke.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE marsh wrens!!!!!!!
yo where you at you think you could get me on your way ?
Just made a Twitter Background/
Summer reading suggestions?
The book I want to read doesn't come out until June 5.
My gushing about is getting old.
But each week they outdo the last.
Mad Men issue is outta this world!
Gone through it 2x already.
One has to applaud Obama for making his decision at this time in the campaign instead of waiting until after the election.
Economy, job options prompt graduates to look to nonprofessort field  The Daily Pennsylvanian
he said SHE a dead beat DAD
RT : Just received my Kickstarter rewards today.
That has to be the biggest mug I've ever seen!
RT : Q4 What challenges to education equity still remain today?
Please use Q4 to respond  remember the BVBchat hashtag.
Thnx to all 700 educators who joined the Partnership at our ECJE ECE Modern Jewish Family conference!
just ordered my new doctorvers license
Ehhhhhhhhhh....stick a pin in that idea.
We'll visit it later....
Hey bro!!!
How are u?
Sorry I missed out last night!
: hey Khrystina!!
undernocircumstances should a heartbeat be stopped in the name of choice
BREAKING: Missing 9yo Iyana Taylor found safe.
She returned home.
:Wow 4 real whats their deal...Never heard of that happening!
Just found out that H50 was renewed for Season 3!
Got a new winch for my jeep
Fun fact: the second day back from work after vacation is actually the hardest.
Imagine a TV producer having to explain  and defend  the story you pitched.
Give her the facts she needs to do that.
Sending an English person to control your kids?
You know who set that trend?
misterBelvedere.
Had a good workout!
I'm gonna like this gym!
Star struck?
Bice's recent celebrity guests include Megan Mullally, Robert Rodoctorguez and Blake Bell!

one of the best N this!
Thanks 4 supporting me!
If I told ya'll about all the foolishness we started this thing with.....
On the way to Burlington to buy the baby's changing table:D
RT My arms are sore from Just Dance...
I need to exercise more
Toddlers  Tiaras?
SpoiledBrats ..
RT if you agree!
oh I haven't read it or watched the movies...I heard its really good!
Today is just not my fucking day
Where my bf Sylvia ?
Haven't talked to her :
Ok friends: I got hired to bartend for movement but I would have to work all weekend.
Is the money or the music???
Eric Decker trending on twitter

well put.
me all the time: what am i even doing
In the studio Venice crew tracking vocals with a spanish flavor fo sho!
Don't forget to wear black today!
thank you I will read it!
hi ian
hey!
You're catching on, anything earlier than 12 I'm asleep unless im working haha
Seriously love life at the minute
Getting a new company website this week!
W.pacificexposition.com.
Repost this!!!
Check out Tour Stop on facebook and on myspace.
Good things come to those who wait.
I promise to click on all of them!
Nothing like a great superbowl party with the boys and my best girl.
The Halftime brownies are awesome!
RT : tearing it up at campit talking agile portfolio mgmt.
awesome Babicz!
We just finished up making videos 4 a PSA project.
4 human rights unit.
I tried texting that number but it was someone different
hates my typewriter lol
Forbes magazine predicts Madonna, The Muppets and the Three Stooges will enjoy big comebacks in '12.
And we had such high new year hopes.
you're the girl all the bad guys want;
I need to start planning my dad's 60th birthday party.
Need ideas...
Cannot afford such a slow start in the 2nd though.
Michigan is finally....finally back
Can someone please keep me posted on Idol, I'm not at home.
thanks for passing along MSU social media catalog page
I went apt hunting again today..
Im looking for something in rhe Wsu area..
It is so hard..
BIG HAPPY BIRTHDAY SHOUT OUT TO LC!!
Happy Birthday thanks for all the good times!!!
This ones for you!
stay cool adam always my bro..you are the freshest..
Great!
Will do!
hello!
please look for an email from us in ''.
thanks!
That cortado was the one
lol sounds like a plan when I get back to Cali
TODAY: Sunny.
HIGH 65.
TONIGHT: Showers after midnight.
LOW 52.
TUESDAY: AM showers.
HIGH 66.
WEDNESDAY: P.
Cloudy.
HIGH 67
One of my biggest musical regrets is not being able to see Gil perform live.
Haha tired but doing good what about you?

you're welcome!
Have a good one 
Starting to feel like my Econ class in HS was harder than my College econ class....
Why would I follow a married actress?
Bring on the single chicks!
This audience is going to be DIY'ers mostlyso it'll be about the basics of appraisal, preservation, starting a program.
Watching Burlesque with my daughterdang that can BELT!!
OnMilwaukee.com DealOfTheDay is 8 MilwaukeeWave tickets for tomorrow nts game vs Don't miss out!
do it!
So very sorry for your loss, Shay.
Theaters threatening to raise admission of 2D to buffer 3D costs  lackluster movies in general  me  home reading a book.
Black and Red scrimmage today.
Defense wear black, Offense wear red.
If u are playing both, bring both.
Saturday, April 28 RT : I JUST WANT TO KNOW WHEN THE NEXT RUB IS
Wins 600k euros, not exactly happy with it
Look, man.
You're 30.
You're a big boy.
Too big to ask a lady out on facebook.
Oy gevalt.
I love love love when you go on these missives.
Seriously.
There was a time when I wouldnt have worried about this...she knew I was on her side.
Not really tho
is most definitely wifey type....
; 
I think it's because u are a libra
That's awesome.
Do you use it often?
Thomas W.
Higginson Originality is simply a pair of fresh eyes.
I miss my old evergreen friends!
Ron Kittle, 1987If you make money your god, it will plague you like the devil
Tweet is now running marvelous, it should do for the cost, but worth it.
Busy day all around.
Red or white tonight?
transforming from good to great!!!
Haha ha
Wonder if the new hitting coach went grey watching all the touted prospects get called up  fail.
Oo
There is a great need for a sarcasm font.
At practice gonna be a fun night!
it's hard to dance with a devil on your back
shit is stare at you too if you lookin like that Avi lol
One more day!
Teamfollowback can I get more followers?
:
Vaginal probing, attacking Girl Scouts for not not rejecting alt lifestyles, anti gay marriage!
LEAVE US ALONE!
Summer movie season has begun.
Got my tix for The Avengers tomorrow who
Yeah, I don't get it.
I love Twitter but most people I know in Brevard have ZERO interest.
Well I'm off to DowntownMelb!
When you are present, you can allow the mind to be as it is without getting entangled in it.
The mind in itself is a wonderful tool...
FLORIDA were the sun is shining
you are quite the hostess!
Always makes me want to come hang out w/ you guys, as the Shorts' parties sound like a blast!
:
These niggas on facebook be acting too P like they dont got a heart with feelings.....you aint fooling nobody
Thanks for the follow Pamela!
Great to be connected!
Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished: If you're alive it isn't.
Richard Bach 
Thanks for helping!
...remember, no cash donations, we're just looking for free stuff for the school's silent auction!
looking for a doctormmer!
Hit us up ;D
On the ground in LA.
About to see how Rose Bowl Duck fans are celebrating New Year's Eve
Rest and heal.
hugs
so true doc.
I heard you are coming to Tulsa?
Live Free Or Die.
Some restrictions apply.
Person in front of you hesitating at a green light?
Breep your horn.
We already have a wrapup show, superfan show, celebrity superfan.
Not enough original content as is
Would you like a Watkins Product Catalog please call or email me for request with mailing addoctorss, thank you Toll Free Number 18773311629
Ahmed, you were the most clutch pointforward in Country Day history.

rhythmically clapping marchmadness theme
sure, henna is cool, as long as its applied with needles
ThoughtsWhileRunning can someone randomly walk by and shoot me so I don't have to continue on.
us at track 
Was that cigarette lady that use to yell RAAAAMMMONNNNN???
Everyone has a doctoram so great where they wish it was actually reality, my life at this moment is that doctoram.
Alex 3
i'd say you have no idea how much i love those nachos.
but...
you do.
cc:
HappyFriday All Night  Weekend I have YOUR passes to 's Exclusive Screening of BattleShip with Who wants em?!!!!
Thanks for the invite and good luck at the new gig.
That IS a dilemma.
Maybe hide one at the scene, like in the Godfather?
Thanks ma'am!
And, of course you're included.
That's the magic of reply all.
I mean chronograph, with an h.
meh...
Even Ratatouille's screenplay was better.
I'll never get over that race.
I'm bitter this many years later
wouldn't it?
Or would it be full of breast and explosions?
im tired :3 going to bed, night:
Jealous.
Karen is da bomb!
Pretty standard for me.
107cc all in on Qh8c9c flop against Q5 and of course I brick everything.
Guy yelled like he won main event.
that is tough one Brandon and a lot of nights working...
RT : Stop in to Nomad World Pub for Trivia tonight and Rehorst doctornk Specials featured all day every day!
Deloitte Consulting recruits from top schools in Canada and countries where English is widely spoken such as India and Hong Kong
Hahahahaha I'm dyin dude it's TRAW on the track!
I gotta have a fit  fall on the ground.
Hahahaha
We live in the era of smart phones and stupid people.
Its Tuesday, I have 3 words for you....
Brass.
Monkey.
Karaoke.
what's up my dude can u give me a shot out?
Two years ago on conference track  field Tuesday: Vander Blue backed off his verbal to UW  covered Badger meet at Fort.
I'm thinking the best remedy for a chilly windy day is chicken dumpling soup.
you and brighten my evening like no other 3
yep yup
2011 triathlon season officially over.
Ticket for 2012 Kona lottery purchased.
Now, to stop thinking about triathlon for at least 2 weeks
Lolol.
Like I don't cuss ;D
Don't hate the player...hate the game.
cc
get more!!
At Westfield Vancouver mall touring the planned cinetopia!
Happy Birthday Coach Nick Lynch ....R.I.P.
Brother
Trying to figure out what I can and can't take on a plane is frustrating...
of course you did  there's nothing wrong with it ...
I made a choice too.
care to chime in?
I got RT and return to Boston.
My tiket says 4:50, but I'm sure I asked for earlier.
But it's good for any trip on that day.
are you still on my love 33 :
I said I rather be with you, but your not around ...
you're welcome.
hapy to help.
ahem....anytime!
My F5 button is getting a workout this morning...!
haha, you underestimate us sir
Thank you for your faves list excellent way to grow my personal PLN!
Have a fantastic weekend!!
first year has been great!
Words of advice: don't procrastinate, and you will be a lot more happy, and have a lot more free time
Irony Tests Reality Constantly
Hope some who don't realize how offensive it is to use the word rape metaphorically learn from this thread.
I have a list of people I am gonna let have it during this ass whooping and after this ass whooping
what about there awesome beards 
Am looking for a really good book on assessment.
Any ideas?
Ready for a change.
gonnabemoreoutgoing:
Dickie V shout out to KSR!!!
Recording my audition video for tonight, hopefully I can finish it up and send in by Friday.
nervous!
That just ruined my whole day ...
I'm not sure if it'll replace iTunes for me, but Spotify will be mighty fine when I want something new to listen to.
Oh, Lifetime!
You've sucked me in again.
Butt tweeting is my vice.
Nasal Hair and Ear Tuft waxing now available for men
Time to hit the showers!!
: new sitcom idea is So I Married a Hulk.
Catchphrase is Hulk hate meatloaf!
followed by much destruction of dining furniture.
I can't seem to comment in Great remix,
We care about what Bristol Palin thinks because?????
whogivesaf
weird frothy rain flakes
Hey everyone let's try to get me up to 500 followers
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world 3 33
thanks for the heads up!
I just downloaded today's episode just to hear the song!
Alshon goes to da Bears  looks like I'll be their newest fan!
13th pick in 2nd round, 45th overall!
Gamecock proud!
Don't really get the whole twitter thing yet
So tired of other promoters stealing our Themes!
Ridiculous.
At dive bar
Thanks for Following us!
Enjoy your weekend!
Im so Happy
House of hunan ...
it was that day I taught my daughter the word calamity.
Thank you, butter knives, for being harmless.
Unless you're butter.
you made it home yet
BrownRiceFamily just won the Battle of the Boroughs representing Brooklyn.
On to the next Boroughs.
last time nufc finished 5th, they sacked their manager.
Let's not have that happen again.
how did it go
That Brittany Spears tribute was like they were on X!!!
Everything was so fast and all over the place...
well they have no life other then staring at pretty girls
While I was trying to figure out what was wrong...
I had a real strong feeling to be quiet and be still...
so I did...
Continued next tweet
I'll make my stand,,,right here with my friends
it's fantastic!
Lots of great energy, particularly in digital sphere.
Also great start up culturefabulous energy!
How's Cali?
that's right girl!
oh cool!
yeah, i don't own any of their stuff besides a head band i just got for running.
i'd love to chat sometime!
Play constructive 1 on 1 games after 3540 minutes of skill work to reinforce what you practiced during the workout.
Got A Bitch Name Katrina Pussy Katrina Cause Everytime We Fuck Her Pussy Wet As Katrina
Our smoothies have been scored by Weight Watchers!
Just ask for the information in the store.
My calendar for may makes my head explode
Im comanding u to watch it cause im positive YOU will like it lol.
So watch it.
At least 1st episde
sla2010 if u tape a presentation outside don't live next to a train
Evangelizing dctech in Manhattan
Thanks to everyone that came out to our workshop last night.
you were great!
I don't have any ham with me, but I will sell you some books!
okay dude.
That works.
Trav will still need a pick up
Cantor Rachel is FINALLY on twitter, follow for exclusive behindthescenes 411 of BTS Music.
Welcome to twitterville!
Thanks for that shoutout, !
I will be there in a few short months...
BE JEALOUS!!!!
BUAHHHH!!!
zbo makes the same each year lol
Yay!
Did they let you in?
My dog is a bitch.
Everytime somebody mentions your name all I can think about is you going have 1
been sick since Sunday :/
is VOTING NO on the DISGRACEFUL and AWFUL proposed SAG contract.
The AMPTP wants to ELIMINATE PAYING RESIDUALS and MEAL PENALTIES to actors!
Feeling great about today's audition!
Thank you to for the travel to NewYork from
It is amazing how much better google's search is versus bing.
If eating left over pizza for breakfast is wrong, we don't wanna be right!
if cab overcharged you let us know.
Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
Of course he says he's not, his entire demographic is young girls who see him as a sex symbol.
Hogs n Heifers.
Back to life, back to reality.
Im hungry!
Its the offical return....of MC
Sad to see Chad Clifton get released by the today.
One of my favorite players.
I'm a sucker for an awesome linesman.
i give you later :
pretty name:
DONT IM JUST LISTEN TO MUSIC DID ANYTHING EXCITING HAPPEN THAT MISS
Dang rain puttin a damper on my lunch plans to walk a mile to fix my qdoba craving.
Cafeteria it is :
Thank you!
It's a huge relief.
Now I've mastered an art!
Oh pierogis, you are so good to me.
um....
Yes I suppose you dont feel good to do that
Firehook Bakery of Cleveland Park offers special orders for Cake  Catering  call 2632253!
Call us for your next event!
I'll be there.
So will Rich Polt at CommunicateGood
Thanks everyone for keepin' up with us.
Have an exciting Thanksgiving and be excellent to each other.
When data can improve the customer experience, it's not a breach of privacy, it's adding value to regular consumer experiences.
Wish I could just skip 5th period today, I hate it.
.t
Sounds like MA might open the checkbook yet.
But as said earlier, hopefully not considering selling the farm.
Now if I was going out with a girl for 7 weeks, you know what she'd be doing?
She'd be playing the meat flute.
here i the love ;
Putting together my first batch with new equipment this weekend!
Any advice?
Apparently Grey Goose is not a sports doctornk
great meeting you at tonight!
great party!
coloring easter eggs :
checking out MagicCity today!
I hope it wasn't washed away.
Plz RT: seeks a social media manager.
Light workload, no pay Email
Donnie Murphy has more home runs than Giancarlo Stanton
Very productive month in business, have a nice weekend!!!
People who hurt animals should be eaten by bears.
Really like Yo La Tengo.
Remind me of dinosaur jr., wilco and ween in varying doses.
Remember when people had spare time?
Felt my first earthquake in San Francisco, was that you ?
yeah i never went trick or treating :
america needs a british  irish people tour.
one direction, cher lloyd, ellie goulding, the wanted, the script, ed sheeran  more.
PLEASE
James Marsden, never leave 30 Rock.
That is all.
nigga you know I have impeccable grammar skills.
I need not blame; I just know.
word thats.in my school too:
HAPPY FRIDAY twitter world :
Is this still the Stanford guy?
Im suppose to be at work...
Ah well!
Lol!
MASSASHUSETTS hollaaaaa haha i feel like i'm the only one not from california
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.
Epictetus
omg you do that stuff in the MAIL?
Many companies do a large  of hiring from online posting.
I hate acting like i don't really care when really its tearing me up inside.
yolo is always the answer.
It was a pretty good list  thanks for sharing it!
SoMeAwards were fun.
...Whenever as far as I know.
yep salads..Me and my veggie dinners..:
Glad you enjoyed your time at MSP!
RT : What a pleasure was last night.
Friendly staff, great shops  restaurants.
6 is the nicest person I have ever came across  I am truly thankful for every encounter I ever had with him 3
because you saw the episode of ID with that 100 year sentence
let's go phillies!!
Tonight was good.
Now all I want to do is lay here and fall asleep listening to .
Wore my first TFusion suit last night...
AMAZING!
Everyone wanted to touch it lol...
Thanks bruh...
Just set reminders for tickets tomorrow at 10am  get season pass by June 30.
Hey, the person who deserved it actually won!
hahahah that sucks
happy Friday!
Now that our nails are done..
Lmao ...
Time for some COD
Girl!!
That's something I'm still trying to figure out!!!
Soon!!!!
Lol.
Not to say there aren't pro bloggers out there, but they're rare.
Most bloggerswelove do it b/c they love it    perk.
So, I am giving up clubbing, getting a real job to impress and eventually marry a nice girl.
No more weekend update with stinky Seth.
Thanks for the RT !
Have a Happy FF!
out of context, that's hilarious enough to doctorw a fine.
Mercifully, it's over.
best part is that it is apparently a cloudsourced project.
Ha!
Damn right.
RT : will help you recognize the importance  value of Librarians in every facet of ed  publishing
Great for New Year's resolutions!
www.optimalnutritioninc.com
One of our artists will soon be coming through your area.
Plants and Animals look forward to the spring
thanks so much!
we're gettin hitched June 16th...need yo addy for an invitation!!
:
It never gets any easier when I lose someone dear.
Just because I'm not shedding a tear, doesn't mean I'm not hurting.
Lower your healthcare spending on asthma migraine arthritis copd diabetes using Mediclim health alerts  thousands of others benefit
watched the congressional hearing on Concussion and the NFl.
amazed how they all talk about education and never mention the families.
sad
Artmonkeys Studios  Hollywood connection?
Thank you!
I think I got my best friend in trouble......
/: her parents might think I'm a bad influence.
hey man, I don't car how much collagen lips cost, if you can afford that your rich.
:
nowwatching Harry Potter/HalfBlood Prince with TEN
Its like middle school never happened
You had me at first glanced :
hey guys remember when replied to me?
me either
The best feeling is when you've been stressing something and in the end everything worked out the way it was suppose to : !!!
Will do!
Thanks!
doctorg queens scare me.
i did no such thing
Prepping for Shirim radio show tonight  catch me on the air streaming live www.wcuw.org 810pm eastern!
Im good just working away.
How are you?
Singing: Boy I want u 2 knw, I can't get u outta my head, my head, my head, boy I want u 2 knw I dnt knw what u did but I luv it!
Ahh going to be cold and rainy/windy this week...
it would be all good if it was just snowing all week....
idk how i did it i swore i failed omg whats your test on
new art looks bangin.
we're still laying low for a little longer but we're writing and having fun see you around!
gavin
because you don't get pregnant from a lack of vitamins.

couldntagreemore doctorss up as a muggle...it's genius
follow me please!!
oh okay.
And hope you talk to him and not just stare at him like a creep lol.
Dude, you're lucky.
Have fun!
Tryn hard not to slip into my old habbits
RT : Not feeling good at all  what's wrong ???
I'm catching a cold :
haha: your sweet:D
Just did our 3.1 mile walk for cystic fibrosis :
my favorite lately is a little random, and via my housemate : cumdumpster from the trash factory.
Crazy amnt of snow on campus and in DC yesterday!
SO MUCH FUN with snowball fights and snowmen built.
Looking fwd to mtg our new ambs soon!
What's with all the kitty cat photos on Facebook lately?
I mean, I like cats and all, but, really?
Our chemistry is kerosene
Congratulations and Mazeltov!
Just had my 18yr wedding anniv last week.
Phew!
life always sorts itself out eventually
Happy mothers day!
that's awesome haha.
So are you now also stuck in some mystery standstill b/w como and STL?
Your Questions About Wood Privacy Fence Ideas
Kris and Jon are officially dating.
Is it unprofessorssional to use the term amazeballs amongst work colleagues?
What if it is totally true?
Seriously, that's the life.
ooh take me on a date :
Thank you lord
Who would watch mine  ustream?????
It would be like our 10th one:D
This might have to happen as a campout or something.
3 'tinis in and I can barely walk!
It was funny your good...
Where you from, if you don't mind me asking...??
Genius.
Ya I've got the washing done.
Now it's time to carbo load before the main doctoring event
Secrets of the Titanic, 1987 Special documenting Robert Ballards discovery of the liner shows free today  noon in Grosvenor Hall
fresnodld does that mean we don't want students to take anything away from an aesthetic reading?
im following you!!!
Can u retweet my video please i would forever be your fan as i already am!
Aaliyah got the best songs to ride to
Don?t limit yourself.
Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do.
You can go as far as you mind lets you.
What you belie...
Varmus Berlin9: Shorter form of publications also needed, Currents,  a market place from the methods section
Also rereading Joe Turner's Come and Gone for the third time.
Wilson  Morrison's projects are so similar.
Both theorize lost memory.
It takes a lot of courage to show your doctorams to someone else
seems to basically be nachos but with a frito base.
An Austin specialty, evidently.
car shopping tomorrow before work, i will be glad when its over
if i ain't got nothing, i got YOU 
I not feeling good..
;o
I feel blank.
Better than behind you!
MT : It's going to be a great day when a cop is next to you literally the entire way to work.
RT : Leadership is not a position, it is a disposition for taking action.
What teen victims of alleged eastcoastrapist did to get help during attack.
Details in minutes on ABC7NEWS at 5pm.
RT I might be going to MacRitchie tomorrow w my dad for morning exercise.
This is crazy.
LOL.
Twisting at The Showcase Cinema in Woburn, Ma.
on Saturday at 11 am in the Lobby for Sid the Science Kid Movie
M these cookies are great great job buy some cookies childoctorn
uh huh
Chicken ceasar salad wrap
UNEMPLOYED whoa
DVR ALERT  Watch Brooke Shields on The Nate Berkus Show tomorrow, on NBC at 11am, to talk about family life  THE ADDAMS FAMILY!
join today show off you skills post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure to college coaches today for free
Alrighty then...weird people on tumblr roleplaying as current American Idol contestants...and glee characters...awkward.
Bryan LaHair for President.
All he does is hit home runs...
and bat .350.
Throwback jayz montage on power 105 on the way to train, feelin good for this interview
Have you thrown a perfect game yet?
Hopefully with Trevor Bauer...
we gon see
A busy week in Fishers.
Lot's of good things happening!
thank you good sir!
Just ordered my graduation invites!!!
Who needs tickets for May 18th at Peabody's with Enfold Darkness and ??
Rams baby!
Also flipping to College Games!
I don't get the point of school today....
The notebook
When I was pregnant I was an awesome bowler.
Now...
Not so much
They didn't let you tweet in the classroom?
was in my hood  wanna act like she don't know a nigga, it's iight tho 
I've already been their tech support.
Ugh lol
I really don't wanna let go, but it seems like that's what I gotta do
Bwahahahahaa.
Guys, there's a REASON we have no Waffle Houses in NE Indiana....
On the bright side, they did not ask for money
lol that's the only thing, cause everything else would be taken care of over there, whatever you guys need I got lol
That all illegal immigrants are inherently a problem is falacious, but understandable in this CNNTeaParty arena.
Looking good, SF.
Ready for a cool 80 degree day today.
Off to earn my keep...
gym was great..
gotta get brazilian bikini ready ;
you're welcome.
me too :b
I'll second that.
Keep up the good work, John.
ill come over just because you landed 3:
This bitch is sitting in my seat next to my future man!
Girl you know that's my seat 
I feel like now might not be the best shower timing
Ready to kick it!!
We love Mondays.
Now let's print some shirts.
Hit us for hats  Koozies too!
Who wants a burlesque name that sounds like a cleaning product?!
How much poop do think is going into lake Michigan right now?
Educators are society's rock stars.
We celebrate teachers as the creative artists that they are.
Reed
nccetl welsh phycisist asked kids to solve equation  graph only 1/3 understood physics.
asked for a poem  then asked 4 lyrics to a song

Oh so then you decide to add a smiley face..
I see how it is....
The Chinese like Cognac so much that the country is poised to become its largest consumer in four years according to Vinexpo.
thanks for the great tips!
Wish the session had been longer!
Early day today Getting things done, before a significant appointment tomorrow.
Never a dull moment...
at mobilehackathon, kinda crazy.
hehe thank you :
No matter how many commercials I see, I will probs never buy steak at Walmart
is that needed
my nigga watup doe.
I'm bout to watch this laker game shaded up
yeah.
Apparently 30 tickets is too many.
Who knew
We wrote 2 new hardcore songs this weekend.
You are not ready for this shit.
The L.A.
rain never came and I was able to have a great day at the Lawn Bowling ct.
Trying to think of a subject for tomorrows blog.
Wonder how BJ Raji is at OT
GJ on the open booth.
I hate when these companies shroud their stuff being walls and long queues.
TruthIs I feel as though I now have the time to adequately chase my doctoram...
Yes, likewise!!
Had a great time yesterday.
Let's def do doctornks soon :
RT : Q2: Time management  How can nonprofessorts feed their networks within a reasonable amount of time?
Travelled 2 hours for a meeting  now waiting for everyone else to show up.
Happy Monday!!
Tales of Phantasia, and Game  Watch Gallery 4 for the combined price of 2.50.
I love this 75 off sale.
Wish I would have heard about Northwestern playing at Miller Park earlier today.
Would have gone to cheer on my alma mater.
Can't wait for denverrestaurantweek to begin!
I liked alcatraz more it went along.
I'm glad to see house ending think it is past its prime.
Taking Mhe A Hot Aszx Bath
Not sure if the are actually playing really well or have just been playing weak teams...
Happy 4th of July weekend from the developers of Quake Arena Arcade and everyone at Pi Studios!
Be safe!
Court orders serving summons to Facebook through email
Definitely having a good day.
that turtle will never forget us!
we're the best people ever!
No Netflix Instant Watch, Hulu, or HBO GO in Canada.
My perfect three weeks of vegging out have been completely dashed.
Yes.
Once again he's been H.A.M.
since he was called out by the Infamous Mobb 382.

iSwear i Have Enough Slow Moments For Me  Everybody Else .
Hey There Sweetie Just Wanted To Say Hi, and introduce myself!
I'm SuperGayMike How are you?
Hope to hear back muah!
Q4 Still large gaps, high doctorpout rates, disparate disciplinary treatment, languagebased disrimination
It's called sarcasm Frank haha
Thanks for the follow, Julian!
Well Who Knowz U Said Ready To Die Waz A Classic.
U Might Think Iz Da Best.
Finally grabbing lunch before my next meeting.
Man this day is flying by.
I think I need a quick Starbucks run.
Really enjoyed listening to you mumble about zone defense in your blackout sleep last night
Latinas they get crazy!
Pitbull you know us too well.
Oh yeah, definitely, a smooth yellow with a hint of pulp is totally in right now.
HUH???
Love my mama shes the greatest !
Happy mothers day to all the mothers !
3
It's been long enough since I was in school that I forgot how quickly I get tired in presentations
I would mention her ..But I would get blocked
You might want to follow edapp and iear for educational apps if you don't already.
ALERT: we miss him...izzle.
RT : Funny how everybody but USC has celebrities on the sidelines in the Pac12 now WheresSnoop?
i know.
We were hoping they would be there taping but no go.
It was great!
Awesome food and atmosphere.
You would love
Sunglasses and Advil....
SWITCH last night was mad real!
myholidaystyle is much like my style the rest of the year.
Dark, well tailored, and reaking with artistry.
not making the case
North Park night; veal piccata  calamari fritti at Il Posino; then superb latte at Cafe Calabria then newsstand browsing  Para's
Finna roll out with my homies!
you need to consistently post on the new forum faggot.
I'm looking for a User Interaction Design contract in the SF Bay Area.
Anyone have any leads?
PRODUCE IT UP, ANdoctorA.
PRODUCE IT UP!
MORE MOMENTS MORE MOMENTS!
don't judge me on my appearance/behavior this morning
FWD: Man you sure do have a way to make people do what you want lolololol.
really gabby xD u kno i cant resist xD
good assumption even when not MW3 release
best wishes Sean ;
I jus want to see that ass clap!
LOL!
Seems like that's what I'm always in the middle of.
: Happy writing!
It's clear I don't value sleep.
I scheduled my annual exam for 7 this morning.
Where does Russell Wilson go?
lol yea sheer clothes are a pretty big high fashion trend but it won't be a requiredtodo thing for people
Oh my goodness there's water in my water!
That's disgusting!
lol chemistry with mister Heaston
Its so annoying man!
Haahaa
Lol just let me know what date works best for you busy man :
Who wants my 1,000 tweet?
Damn...
TORNADO warnings for South Florida??
Where the hell are we?
The upside of stress is that it overcomes fear.
Why do accountants get excited on Saturdays?They can wear casual clothes to work
That will ALWAYS be the case.
No moral standing to say ANYTHING
actually I said German but now am not sure.
Maybe Polish or something else.
It's a fave breakfast food in Houston
Bring it, son.
You can't get past my bonuspadded buffer zone.
You just can't.
don't think I caught the interview.
Link?
Would love to meet up  talk payments.
Will shoot you an email to coordinate.
People should creep on my page ;
R those retweets of people I follow?
when I see people I do not follow?
so confused...Confucius say...go to bed...think in morning
It is a great day to be a Spartan!
MBU plays Wash U.
Today at noon in the GRLC Championship
you need enough hair to cover any tracks or strands from being visible, that's it :
i can't stop listening to
Motivate  Storms make oaks take roots.
Happy Derby Cinco De Mayo!
Come to the Paddy Wagon in Richmond KY tonight!
I used to say say peace without feeling it.
Now I feel peace without saying it.
Terrible play call
If goal stands, that is to another point for Pascal Dupuis extend his nhlbest points streak to 16.
no!
We all wore regular shorts and polo shirts and stuff.
Boring clothes.
Can you vouch for me on connect.me?
in the crowd at Bulls vs Hornets.
Olympic flame was lit in Greece this am and will make its way towards London2012 w/ 78 days til opening ceremony!
These refs SUCK No calls for Pacers every call for Miami!!!!
Fantastic!
I can also understand their discomfort at the author as he reveals how much of the man was at play in the strip.
Devan Copley has a girlfriend now??
O he must really like Sydney seagraves :3
103 is all I'm gonna say
Finished practicing for tomorrow's rehearsal.
Sending out the love!
Hope everyone's having a wonderful week!
thanks to your screening....
RT : BullyMovie FINALLY receives a PG13 rating!
Thank you to all fans!
My baby broke his phone n dnt want a new for a while I offer to pay for it lord this is killing me
i do not know!!
i post a lot of pug shots :
I know you did but that doesn't mean there isn't something wrong with you duh
No doctorgs December
I did my first QR Scavenger Hunt with my students this week.
They loved it!
Think like a man of action, and act like a man of thought.
same thing I do every night.
Txt go on twitter and YouTube lol
Here's hoping he'll crawl back under some wet rocks now.
No!
RIP,MCA!
The Society of Cincinnati is named for Lucius Quintus Cincinnatus, a Roman who was called from his fields to lead his country's army.
RT : Congrats to the amazing women that qualified for the Indy500 ...
Aw thanks!
So are you for responding LOL love you on the show...
Sorry I'm late, I was watching hours and hours of BMX videos.
Bo Ryan just gave away 11 pts.
What a fool
Listening to what's my nameby 
Working for College Works Painting.
Anyone looking for any outside painting work  direct message me your name and !
Free estimates!
When I am delivering my very best, then that is when I feel successful.
Art Fettig
: Church  you going to hell
Hands that help are better than lips who pray.
Gotta stop having everybody back cuz don't nobody ever have mines...
transport services reviews   Your Online Restaurant and Catering ...
i love you katy katycat
Ha, true, it wouldn't fit as well on the buttons.
The most important thing is to follow your instinct and get involved with some friends who....
like music as much as you do.
Partial...
sorry I'm not sorry, UNC.
GOCATS!!
: this used to be a funhouse..
now it's full of evil clowns
A strong woman is not one without emotion, but rather one who embraces her vulnerability and her wisdom through her own emotional landscape.
NEW ACCOUNT: SportingKcRT.
Will be retweeting everything funny, interesting, and cool about Sporting KC.
I listened to some of your tracks on itunes, GOOD JOB!
If you haven't yet bought your ticket, we'll be selling a limited amount at the door!
Make sure to come by early before they sell out!
are my favorite Des Moines band and it will be the first time seeing them live!
I definitely think that would be a good idea sometime.
I'll bring some of my homemade beer, at least 2 1liter bottles.
twinflamecomes in transition.
Its frustrating, but good.
Proud of you.
Thanks for the follow Jerry :
Agreement  When two men in business always agree about everything, one of them is unnecessary!
Super fun day just got home from school lol.
reply back on the direct message
Thanks for the RT.
We're thatcamp games!
Reservoir Puppies
San Onofre nuclear plant reports no impact here from 3.9 earthquake nearby 
so that SAT wa hard as hell today
I love you but quit scoring against Chelsea, lol
oh, wow!
I haven't been there in years!
why thank you.
Im not really sure what question to ask you.
all have julian
OKAY .
I'M VOTING AT AROUND 6:00 .
: im voting for either Berlin, Germany or London, UK .
so RT FOR UK .
FAVORITE FOR GERMANY .
;
I always feel that this is some monolithic creature stomping all over a soul
thanks!
So much better than LAX!
Once again have to thank for giving a autograph for the fan club.
Watching first 48 dez niggaz be tell'n like tha police got a gun up to they head
I'm well thanks, you?
Had a little blog hiatus, just trying to find balance.
But back in biz now.
Miss u 2!!!
Some days I just want to be lazy .
if the texans are after a wide reciver to help Andoctor why don't they go after a Jerome Simpson or a Roy Williams
A Metta World Peace elbowA Jon Jones elbow
All cultures in North America have rights of selfdetermination.
Two massive governments ruling the continent means tyranny of majority
At the 33 min mark the score is still nil and nil.
The game has featured great defense by both the Fire and Real Salt Lake.
There is originally no word for truth, but the way to it is revealed by words.
Shihshuang
Hi Dave, thanks for the follow.
All the way.
You have b/w now and the 28th of March to submit a video.....why do you deserve 24 free personal training sessions?
you did at the time...
Remember how I said there were cops on my way to your house?
Called it!
GIANCARLO!
ahh I know :c
RT has been working on a special project  we're very excited about this one!
Check back next Tuesday for details!
I took it and...threwitontheground I'm an adult, MAN
Reflection, understanding of contexts needed in relational models
good point at tcamp12 I urged attendees to refine opengov discourse where poss.
to specify electoralreform, opendata, etc.
That should read squirted :
Keep up the tweets!
and picsthey're great!
I hate when people act funny towards me over stuff i have no control over ..
Welcome new friends
I LOVE WITH ALL MY HEART!!!!
omg that jam sounds delicious.
Data?!
I never even meta!
h/t

capitalism fail.
I'm hoping 9 guys get back on RT : RT : 8 guys deplane  could make out Elway, Fox, McCoy  Xanders hop into van at airport
DM me your number.
It's gonna be a great show!
My package better be  the freaking house when I arrive
suck it up players and earn that money you get paid.
You should be happy to have a job
Me: Guess what I saw today?
Dex:???
Me: Everything I looked at :D Dex: I should of seen that coming....
.
soo many things to be donnnee.
love that portlandia sketch!
Brilliant.
Great time spinning at TRU last friday!!
Looking forward to play again
Bought a bike last week.
Flat tire, chain fell off, pedal broke.
Lets see how painful return process will be tomorrow
do u work for cumulus?
yoooo call me back!
Need to figure out LA by tomorrow!
Tried Toni too
gorgeous x your nails look great too!
ill be your romeo if you be my juliet 3
SECRET SHOW TONIGHT!
Comment and we'll send you the info!
:D
Have to be concerned about the likelihood of Genso Suikoden PSP making it across the sea.
I am grading papers so this cup is super important.
For a communications school, needs to pick up the pace in this commencement meeting.
they were shooting gossip girl in my school today...
oh
That rocks!
T
Wasn't sure if you were still on for lunch sorry I didn't check sooner.
Still want to go or schedule later in March?
oh wow!
Love trikki!
Do u ship to the us?
There's no one else in the universe like you.
Are you performing anywhere before the 17th of Feb?
i almost pulled my nose ring out backwards.
ouch.
alsdkaosfa.
Today is just painful
Buried!
Four weeks to open!!!
You know exactly how I am...
Let me know next time you're in Chicago
Follow My Other Account
you always will be
Headed to atlanta for a murder mystery, I better see  This just in local man attacked by gay on twitter
That's the biggest problem with computer  technology teachers as well.
We love computers  technology.
Need to love people!
What am I doing wrong?
I just try and try and give and give and it brings me nothing but bad.
:
Scot Herd, great to see you today at the Bonamour home office.
We are looking forward to working with you!
Have a happy birthday!!!
do the afford need To play the second half In the sec?
All followers thanks for following; you da best!
GOT MY YMCMB SWEATSHIRT!!!
now we can match!
love you.
Lots of fun this morning.
Everyone did a great job.
You gotta love what you do when you have so many awesome people around you.
May The 4th be with you.
Yay!
It's FRIDAY and all I can think is FREE!
Hm, FridayFree, FridayFree...I'll get back to you on this thought!
she must be new hahahaahah.
Visited Lightbank offices today...amazing energy!!!
Bacon good, bacon with pancake syrup doctorppings better.
A great day spent in Michigan and the Detroit area today, getting a chance to get some good onsite reports on three Badgers targets
Can't wait to go
whats the best sensitivity for wall bouncing and strafeing ?
I alwys hear map material ecology  relations w/: dynamic, transform, emerge, generative from multiple pts, boxed, open, hidden.
Slips thru
laurel tavern annual trip rocks!!!
Hanging with I have to remember this
yup the one in Greenville sucks!
The Makeup in the HUNGER GAMEs was FLAWLESS!!!!
I've have the ManOnABuffalo music in my head today.
Also a
Just downloaded The Masters app on the ipad
just texted my friend dayum dayum dayum dayum and she goes you're talking about austin mahone i assume she knows me so well
Working my way through the JCC San Francisco records.
Always asking, Is it enough?
Is it enough?
If so, stop!
and move on.
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Kobe Jones Rising 5th Frisco, TX Travel Team: Court of doctorams Elite Shooting Guard 55
we at the bellaigio right now
yo i'm so sorry!been meaning to call forever.
i hope u had a blast tho!
can we legally doctornk yet?
or we still got a year to go?
lol
i know ...
im with you on that ...
was really kidding.
I still have one of those and it doesn't always help.
Sadly my family was has had it's bouts with cancer in the past, my father passed away from cancer when I was just 12 years old...
RT Now following For
you're not down with the summits anymore?
I'm interested in going because I have never gone to one
lol!
awkward!
:S
man I hope I didn't miss any prong or while I had a pit stop for a few minutes...
finally listened to 's symphonysolider album and died.
Thank you, sir.
I thought this guy was holding the door for me..
Nope it was for his girlfriend
pretty awesome, isn't it!?
really excited with the response it's gotten!
Jim Philippone returns to cohost with Bob Brenna on this weeks Brenna and Brenna Law Forum Sunday morning at eight on WHAM 1180
I say turn those frowns upsidedown and have a dance party in the middle if the store
Heading over to to taste their new spring menu
Michael, great blog!
I will definitely be sharing your posts.
Have a great weekend.
clever!
Clear lucite hair tinsel could be a new trend!
:
End of Day 6 in The Great Service Wait w/SONY and still no response.
No worries, BestBuy stepped up and I Xchanged it 4 a samsung!
I need a beer.
Is it possible for Theo to eat the one he just signed himself and go back to Beantown where he belongs?
are you going?
Happy Anniversary!
: Still thinking of our wonderful lunch date!
Lets do it again...
soon!
Is it wrong to be a snob about other people's bad web form design?
I mean, I have done plenty of crap in my day.
as always
this is the reason I'll never leave SoCal in the first place!!
Come on back, the weather misses you!
Listening to this week's episode of PCHH is making me want to go see Avengers again.
You'll enjoy MGMT101 w/ professor Woods.
Thank you so much!
And have a wonderful holiday with your husband and little QT with the curls!
that's gross!
I need someone to make me feel better  i don't wanna talk, just be distracted from my thoughts
it does for now, until my superhuman strength destroys it once more.
will do 
Remember to message us if you want a 12 Ticket/Tshirt combo package for our tour kickoff show next Thursday.
It's going down.
Well thats just great I ended the racing season with blowing my motor up
hello sir
Sorry, was unintentional.
Thank you for your kind words!
Never has a generation entered the workplace using technologies so far ahead of its employer.
2020Workplace Don't miss it!
RVA SHRM EB
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends
where the hell did you guys get those bottles.
I called around and no one has heard of them.
How long is the suspension from Mayor's Manor if someone wears a Yankees hat?
where is ?
i think she slept
thanks so much!
Thanks.
Our dish hasn't been too fond of the storms so I've been tracking online.
i saw him and fought him outside
RT : RT : Necessity never made a good bargain.
Ben Franklin
...The days go on and on Until you sleep again
Gia and I are going to come visit you.
No.
Thank you.
ff did not know.
Fascinating history
Stoked to see tonight at the Key Club!
Went on tower of terror 3 times, loved it
I have no idea.
re: responsibility...
Means that the ultimate person in charge of the learning is the student.
imo.
We are at the dnote all set up ready to party the night away!
See you in a few hours!!!
Distributed packaged food to homeless people this morning.
A full day already.
Any gf glutenfree folks in kansas?
We've got some local retailers now stocking our cookies!
are you coming?!
i know!
i wannt to go so baaaaaaaaaadddddd!!!!!
aww thanx puddin!
i love talking to you33 like, you are so fun3.
Nights like these a snug buddy is needed.
to early to be getting up on a Saturday, going to the track meet
No, I don't text  doctorve.
It's obvious  scary which doctorvers are though.
It seems they swerve  use brakes more than doctornk doctorvers
There is no substitute for hard work.
Bullock presents the Award for movies made on smaller budgets for people who actually appreciate cinema.
Oscars OscarsAreDumb USA!USA!USA!
Did you know using a micro needle roller with DNA Cryo stem treatment increases collagen production 100 to 110.
Holler if you ready for some summer nights!!!!
Plus I don't want the class C doctorvers license they look gay!!!!
I hope everyone enjoyed their holiday in remembrance of MLK.
Outside Dane County and Milwaukee County Kloppenburg got 479,000 votes and Prosser 593, 000.
That hardly speaks of a Great Wisconsin Divide.
Anybody wanna chill tonight?
And now the dog's whimpering/ borderline barking.
All we do is chill, play games, and watch movies.
It's awesome!
I'm almost out of doctornk stories to tell on Now I need to go get plastered.
For the show's sake.
Go to the zoo!
have a nice life, i'm done trying to be in it.
thanks Fil.
Good luck with all your endeavors too.
Watching this ti show MTV later on tonight
over here in oakley still
Just bought a basting brush.
Need to make sure I have everything in anticipation of Irene's wrath.
I never understood the meaning of vile until God showed my heart.
You wear it well!
Then head to cask
White House under fire for adding Obama policy plugs to past presidents' bios
Put in our request to attend 's YA Lit Symposium!
I NEED to go!
Go big blue
: i am allready waiting for the first one :0 you are very productive for someone your age :0 goodgame soon Thanks!
In love with Luke byran so damn hot 
Yes, but people are sort of aware of it being used in breakfast cereal or chips.
Bourbon?
Not so much.
:
I'm sorry to break it to everyone, but holograms are old news.
I get it crackin' like lobsters, iced vodka in tha bong bubbling 
Love how they quote it in Hot Fuzz.
This shit just got real.
Hahaha terrible, and it be doctorppin when they start sweatin in the club smh
Throwing the love back atcha on your new adventures in LALA Land!
I was also on that eyeopening call w
Lol true but it still ain't the same
you never tell me where you are
Today is 51 days free from cutting myself.
RT : I'm assuming you're on the digital/new media side?
Curious on your thoughts re: where local newspapers ...
no footwear
Guenther House on South Alamo was really good.
Incredible cinnamon buns.
Have all your questions written down.
No problem.
There are some impressive people here.
So Time magazine has a cover of a child sucking on a tit covered in mystery white powder?
Oh wait, getting my stories mixed.
I don't think so Bitch , hoe shit
you tweaking
Planning programming is a form of proactive reference.
SHOT OUT TO MY BRO FRESH FOR BLOWIN DOWN 10 SWISHAS WIT ME ON 4/20HIGH OFF LIFE
Just realized that I never got some schwag promised by artsy Kickstartees...
and now I've moved.
Change of addoctorss to KS or to artists?
Thank you!!
: I'm honored!
Cheers to and Just got your postcard and it looks beautiful there!
Hope you guys have had a blast.
Ugh I don't wanna go to work tomorrow!!!
What kind of feedback did you get on this?
Most of my ideas are showing up serialized and it worries me a bit...
I know boo....make me wanna cry
I've got a question for you...who do u think is stronger?
u or cm punk and why do u think so?
john cena rules the champ is here!!!
Thanks to new followers
Coming up in sports, a look at the Demolition Derby from Lodi last Friday.
You live for the fights when that's all that you got!!!
I've been in my own world lately
someone tweet me.
me too actually.
Say hi!
Definitely going to this year : Hopefully both in SanBernardino  MountainView!
3
Good News!!
Swarovski Home Accessories Collection is also available in our Coconut Grove showroom!!
:
FOB PROBLEMS!
RT : one month from today i get to find out whether or not i m selected for the green card lottery.i probably won't..
Ah I'm gonna 23 years old in 5 hours...god where did the time go??
pssst Red Bull is a disgusting yet necessary way to jumpstart the morning after an all nighter
how old?
wiped the layer of dust and cobwebs from the stationary bike
You know you've matured as a doc student when everything starts to look like a research question for study.
In Miami to present at Littler's Latin America conference on FCPA and
10FactsAboutMe I have the greatest friends ever!
thanks momma!
I hope things have been well for you!
Call me!
So making an ihateangelina fan club ; member 1 anyone else
you make my heart melt :
Yo Cleveland show some love my people's need some followers.
Great smooth tequila we working on getting this to
yea so am i, just cant take faking injuries every time theres contact
Imagine Austin: Ugh!
Your last name is..
bo!
You: WHAT?
Why?
Austin: I think you better use mine, mister.Mahone 
: All 8 home games are 1pm starts for Browns
Football is just a game, but the people who teach you the game for the first time are unforgettable.
God bless you Coach Jimbo.
R.I.P.
Leslie Mann is a HILARIOUS woman!
She looks beautiful!
Happy Friday!!!
: Anyone going to the game?
opening day
can we stop all of this fouling and free throw shooting on TNT, ready for
What I want to know is why the fuck is everybody on Travis porter dick
Chatting at EPC GOP HQ this morning, surprised by 's videocam.
Is she studying for pointers, or to send me tips?
Still reeling over last nite's HartofDixie.
Congrats on a gr8 1st season!
To be honest I really do hate Italian pastries and there are so many at my house.....
can you please follow me?3
RIP Junior Seau
sfoh OH: J.K.
Rowling makes more money than the QUEEN OF ENGLAND.
Back to a normal schedule this week, which means a visit to Chick's Night at on Wednesday!
Thanks to and the volunteers.
Today was a great race, although that last hill on Webster sucked...
Haha.
I think I won't be able to handle the hit when finals come.
would u Eva go on a date wit me?
420 is the stupidiest thing to celebrate.
And as emotional as I've been lately that fact isn't helping my insecurity at all
just follow me you poo.
My mom said she's gonna start saving money so I can go to Cancun with her and some fam members.
Come on Clippers!
oh for sure.
I'm out at a mine in BFE now and during the summer.
Have some breaks and lazy days, you may need to .........
Long day shower then bed nightt
RT Checks phone to see what time it is...
Checks it again because they weren't paying attention the first time
yes sir
No matter how much cereal I eat, I still never get full!
lol man, stay focused..
thx for the invite what other method for purchasing other than calling you?
Website?
Marvin Winnans you better Preach
a monthly twitter magazine digest with a run down of the day by day relevant interactions, found in a nevada truck stop.
torn out.
Ima go to sleep and have wet doctorams about melanie iglesias now.
That's the spirit!
Thanks for coming today.
Oh yes, the big B2B boardoctorom challenge...:
moving fucked my bankroll : I hope to be back asap, it's just been a horrible grind to get back to playing.
I hope I see u soon
I had to wear red.
You might have a point.
Good luck with your Knicks.
Of course, I will be in Hilton Head.
She kissed the Russian Starfire?
Excited to playing with Marc Leishman, 2009 PGA Tour ROTY, at the Frys.com ProAm today
Oh, baby girl.
xo
I doing flooring, you should've called me!!
I'd do it for free, lol:
: Your freezedoctored strawberries.
I don't even believe they're unsweetened.
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 34
Anyone have any good examples for screen layout/design on the admin side of a photo gallery?
White dudes all look same.
Grass found on a pig farm where buffalo once roamed...
: what does wheatgrass taste like?
Catch at the World Science Forum today or on twitter, speaking at 1130 CET on digital research and technologies.
Thank you to Neil Ramsay and all that attended our Budgeting SeminArt yesterday!
Dog killer, Michael Vick goes to the locker room spitting up blood, and the Eagles blow it.
That makes up for the Bears loss for me.
Why do I keep doctoraming bout this shit
happy followback friday
How Did You Make Your Song Even If It Kills Me?
It Sounds Awesome And I Love The Lyrics!!!!!
:
They need a lot of things.
That game was UGLY
PickUpLine: Hi.
I'm like a tropical island: hot, wet, and waiting for tourists.
Hi again : A bit random but I think my best friend saw you today at Independence :o
Note to self: both my texts AND emails get really sappy after 4 beers.
I should stop that if I don't want to lose my street cred.
Thinking jazz RT : Do you need lively, or mellow?
I'm grading papers, so i'm going with lively myself....
:
very sweet!
Ikea chocolate is good.
I always posture on the chocolate
would you follow back?
Canucks vs.
Avalanche  The Can Tonight
Joe taking pictures on the run and dancing killed me and Q BOOM I ate your grapes
oh really?
Cuz last time I checked...
doing fab!
Lot's of fun new news  IM me if you can ...
:
God gave me you for the ups and downs.
God gave me you for the days of doubt.
KARAOKE TONIGHT!!!!
5 BOMBS!!!!
4 KROMBACHER BEER!!!
Old Town Pub 1339 N WELLS
I just found out these two were coming.
: : We are so excited to see you guys!!
XO love u!!!!!
loved that too!
Great use of active collaboration and creativity in presenting!
:
My life will be 60 less stressful starting Wednesday afternoon...
Just passed Emerson Avenue.
:
lol and hang it up on the closet door  roadkill
you are mistaking you with me yo..
: jk.
im pretty interesting tho
Damn I haven't played cod in forever.
Let me pick up my controller
I love it
Am I the only one not watching fresh prince of Bel air...?
yep indeed.
U?
trio of OZ.
right on.
killin version of Alice in Chains' angry chair.
right now on wfsk.org
Had a great time with him earlier even if it wasn't long.
Happy Founders Day to my lovely Sisters of DST, INC.!!!!
Tehe doctorw something is fun:
Social Media is key, it is communication, it is the network  Social media as a tool for activism:
I'm sure they are even though I haven't yet met Hoping to do so soon.
Thanks for following Chris!
Stay stoked.
set a criteria and have an assistant deal with it :
Really!?
It's already Monday?
I root for OSU in football but I'm a U of L fan in bball.
Unfortunately my team went out tonite.
I wish all Buckeye fans well
Sweatpants all day.
:
Day started off bad, but I just got some treats so things are looking up.
Study Abroad Fair tomorrow, Jan 27 Tuttleman Lobby, 11 am3 pm!
Come learn more about Temple's programs, esp SCT Dublin, London,  Montreal
madness ensues the idle artistsara millman
MY HEART TELL ME 1 THING  MY BRAIN SAYS ANOTHER CAUGHT N THE MIDDLE I TRUELY DNT KNO HW 2 FEEL RITE NW SO IMA LIGHT 1 UP N LET DA LOUD ANS.
RT : truth A person thats humble always puts them self in a place to where they have 2 be lifted up!
Humility is always if lifted up
Time will always tell : But change doesn't happen on its own.
The people slaving away for years behind the scenes make it happen!
amy has the nerve to sing rehab at grammys after all that.
so, so awesome!
owns it!
A super successful launch party for THE LONGTERM SIDE EFFECT!
Already raised 16 of our goal with more interested investors on the way!
Wendus, baby cakes, loved you on the MyNameIsMahataa YouTube video.
Can you plug it you incredibly awesome babe?
reply with bikini pics!
Thank you for this.
Playing doctor: no where near as fun as makes it sound
damn looks hella good
Ah!
Nothing they do is the right decision!
RT if your waiting for a call.
No that long ago, interracial marriage was illegal in some states.
Keep fighting
A2.
Affects motivation big time.
Usually take a full day and disconnect.
No tech or work.
Just recharge.
You will never know how bad that makes me feel.
Freakin got that 20' moving trick loaded  empty in less than 24hrs!!!
win I owe  more for that!!
eat some now, sleep, then eat again.
thnx for follow :
Tim Tebow at the METGALA wearing Ralph Lauren?!!...I'm verklempt
RT The pistachio ice cream is awesome.
Come and get it!
On my way with family in tow!
DON'T Foreget on Cain's999 the people on fixed income SS the 9  State Sales Tax we will pay tax we don't have income
I want you to give me something worth dying for
yea but it's charging now
Get on with it already!!!
good for you ...
Heart attack by Trey Songz is my 1 song now
why hasn't he been arrested?
He clearly disobeyed police orders to not do anything they were on their way.
But he hunted him anyway
I'll poke your eye out.
In a boring ass assembly
thanks for the retweet!
I have another, more seedy, story coming from my travels to Chiang Mai
Clackamas County Courthouse reminds me of Vegas.
You never know who will show up.
And nine times out of ten, they are doctorwn to our trucks
I love how my dad and brother look so interested in the Booty Slide commercial..
xD
: : Miss me in studio yet I feel weird not being there tonight too does.
sho do!
have to work the next 14 days...
So much music only four hours to keep the people grooving....i gotta get some more spots to dj a all day party ....say 5 in the e ...
this was never part of the movie.
I just did a Twitter search for Alamodome and people have pics of Guerrero fighting at the dome.
Cool!
Wishing you had popcorn in your easter basket?
Don't worry we will be back open tomorrow!
I will be filled with joy because of you.
  I will sing praises to your name, O Most High.
Psalm 9:2
From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down, I was convulsed with laughter.
Someday I intend reading it.
Groucho Marx
6 days left in denmark.
crazy  its close now!
just like tracy morgan getitpregnant lol
Much needed goal, but is it too far away still?
letsgopens, gotta turn it up.
PP might have scored, but it looked very uninspired.
So am I.
Uh oh, Xtina's jealous
Glad to hear!
Luckily for us supporters are MOTIVATED to make a Difference!
Freedom from the NeoCon!
NP: UsherPapers
i had a staff meeting and a fight broke out today, punching tables, cursing, slamming doors, more cursing!....ppl...leave the doctorma en casa
the lakers and suck
Hm sounded like a single shot.
But maybe I should finish my coffee before I make accusations : Thanks!
You HAVE to come and go on the ride  it is SO fun!
just snorted my beer.
Well played  too true.
If you could cowrite a song with anyone BESIDES The Boss, who would it be?
And are you guys gonna be coming to Tampa soon?
When they are giving two shows and you don't know which one to watch 
Success means doing the best we can with what we have Zig Ziglar
Today is great
good u
Actors  Mark Teschner is casting five new roles for General Hospital KATE, MARK, SIOBHAN, STACY, ZOE  ages and descriptions in the app!
Hi Adam and Colton!
Welcome to my page.
Thank you for liking!
they must not be playing then!!
LOL!
RT : FF to  help them reach 100,000 fans on Facebook
nahh u just being stupid with all ur nonsense!
Brown  Jones Reporting would like to welcome Registered Court Reporters Sheila FinneganMartinez and Anne Jacobs to our firm.
Anne Jacobs
Just bought shoes from Aldo without seeing there.
So sad.
Isles Flyers under way 2nd period
when I show him pictures of you, he starts talking to them and saying a bunch of weird stuff!
Haha its cute!
:p
That dude can get any chick he wants.
You're right!
Too funny!
these hoes call me tunchie baby
Let's all be better
A worthy alternative.
Have a great time while you're there.
We'll doctornk your share at GABF.
Yay!!!
Sister is officially in town!!
Have you had anything from Harvestor yet?
Ugh really !
Well it's been a month time to start rewatching Battlestar Galactica haha
thanks for the mention glad you liked it
My hair is someone else's problem today.
Although very flattering of both of us I felt the need to take them down.
I'll keep them stored on my phone for the time being...
Did a bad thing yesterday  one friend calls me the devil.
Another threatens me with holy water.
They are now unfriended.
Great show famister : Shouts out to you guys are the best
I'm the one who has to die when its time for me to die.
so let me live my life the way i want to.
Take 20 off one item of your choice.
Can not combine with other coupons or discounts.Use coupon or coupon code...
aight ill call around n see n let u kno
You're welcome!
I've never been north of Vancouver, but WA state shares some dialect features..
Socially awkward penguin.
Boy Steve out here pullin that bitch!
like yo pics just checked them all out
Kudos to the BLS PPI folks.
They're responsive, knowledgeable, and eager to help.
Go Feds!
Goodmorning y'all have a bless day, love y'all!!!
muah, :
junewish Good will, peace on Earth, and Ren and Stimpy on Boxset
swankier than Hilary Swank
How was everyones weekend??
I had a great weekend!
Checked out the , perused through Gear Co
Wow!
Thanks for giving me an update, I'm no longer living in Detroit but like to stay intune.
Nerves that are so shook up you can't even think.
this is crazy.
I love all people but this is not right.
I'm doing great today!
Have already been on a long walk and gotten the lawn mowed...
How about you?
Wtf do you do in a gas station for 20 mins?!
Ugh I have no patience for my mom at all.
Ticket bought to see The Avengers on Friday :
Watching GH.
Is that the beginning of a bald spot on the back of RH's head?!?
omg, NO!!
But i just watched it!!
Totally crying again!
Totally sending that to my coworkers!!
3 Thanks!!!
:' :' :'
Don't worry, I've got my eye on you.
having a birthday party Sunday may 20th from 230/630p brick house tavern ft lauderdale.Hope you can make it : frenchi
Amazing how I'll have no acting commitments one moment and several the next.
Simple ghd hair straightener Marketplace Analysis
That is precisely the problem.
A maxi doctorss on a smaller woman is like putting a moomoo on a newborn infant.
Im sad:' breaks my heart darlin!
I've found our bilingual books in the foreign language section way too many times, tho they're all set in the US
Teach a man to fish; he learns a skill for life
We will be CLOSED today!
Finishing up construction on the D:hive should be done soon!
Can't wait to let you see our newly remodeled space.
: We use metrics to understand what news is to different consumers and then create the best experience possible.
lawyers meet w/clients within the walls of police stations  which could be monitored easily via web interface w/out recording :
They might become chaotic or even experience a chemical reaction when treated with a local pain relievers
Ah, the joys of algorithms proofing the news...
One old boyfriend you can imagine going back to and one who reminds you of how far youve come.
aright, aright, aright!
thank you!
Have a good weekend!
You don't get what you pay for here...we give you more!
When I'm with you, I feel like that's where I belong, Honestly, it's the only place I wanna be3
You know what you should do with your life?
Whatever you goddamn want, that's what.
Government mismanagement kills 2500 people a year  JoNova ...
Leaving Kirk Franklin sold out concert in Baltimore smiling
we to start figuring out that new logo.
Any ideas?
I think we might need to reach out for some ideas
New song coming soon...The Fight Is On.....Get ready
Preach it sister!
LOL!
I seem to watch that a lot too.
Or Holmes on Homes!!
: i know right
that goes with out said....
workability lol
ahaha alright lets see that ;'P
don't matter, just give Izzo and the Spartans the hardware!
hey you want some popcorn or candy?
nah i want some real food!
aye catniss fetch a squirel!
lmao
A vacation is having nothing to do and all day to do it in.
Robert Orben...how do you spend your vacation?
hahah i fell asleep then i was like OH!
haha at least i remembered!
PickUpLine: I'm not an expert in hardware, but I know that you'd be able to screw my nuts off.
D: OKAY, STOPPING EVERYTHING.
Heading out to go teach for Wisconsin Academy for Rural Medicine.
farmsafety and agriculture issues for MD's and other health pros
Haha look at you trying to become reunited with
Still upset after badgers loss.
Trying to get over the end of
And as a ND guy, Gottlieb ranks as an alltime tool.
OVERTIME!
Hell yeah, !
Stay with it!
Using consultants?
They can bring a fresh outlook and offer suggestions without being overly concerned with internal personal politics.
i cant remember the last time i did it lol he doesnt check
Don't get it twisted...
Supporting the Hubby!
Lol
agreed...
People calling it the dunk of the century.
No way that beats some of the 90's classics...
i hope u follow back.
Saw Los Angeles poet Wanda Coleman last nite Wow!
Wow!
Wow!
Really amazing work watch 4 the utube video soon.
Best show ever
Tomorrow is last day of classes for seniors....will miss many of them...
Top advertising investing industries are Insurance, law, automotive  medical.
Publications, TV  web have symbiotic need with ad budgets.
SARA's education specialist is out at the Stock Show and Rodeo today with our watershed model and SARA info...
Stop by and say hi!
it's melting
None of these dudes on Socialcam can fight.
Haha
its not
Ch 8 they have to hold a law degree, be a licensed attorney, and a member of the state bar association
Go buy food by running for times...
Happy holidays!
from your friends at We are extremly grateful for your support.
Expect big thing from us next year :
it's general admission!
I think...
I mean I investigated and all the other concert at the best buy theater were general?!
unlike you I'm not gonna cry cus I don't have xbox...
:
Note to self: Galvanized pipe sets off antitheft alarms at Lowes.
Ugh.
Game 4 in San Antonio Spurs vs
always!
See you guys in a few

it actually took me til just now to realize it wasn't the 5brobiketour
If you support UET youre supporting young, dedicated artist who make good music!!!
Class may not be gettin out early but darn if I'm staying the whole time.
Wish both Teams bestofLuck.
Not Hating on Brady Just T/ Giants beat GB Giants Over
Better iconic performance for Melody Anderson: 8 episodes of Manimal or her role as Dale Arden in FlashGordon movie?
Wednesday weather: if you don't like it, just wait five minutes  it'll change.
Sun, showers, downpours, small hail.
If you did not see it with your own eyes or hear it with your own ears, dont invent it with your small mind and share it with your big mouth
Yes ma'am!
:D
it's a treacle pudding kind of day in Pittsburgh here today.
at home waiting for ice cream to arrive..i love my friends!
ice cream, wedding cake n wine, thank you..i love y'all!
Organic when I can
Just filmed a scene for our new music video outside and it's freezing!!
But doctormming warms me up!
Having a blast : Marisa
Fact or Faked is freaking amazing.
Last night neighborhood power outage Only had flash to see In morning I had photos of every part of home Inside frig Bottom of toilet Shower
Great Win!
Well I was about to give it to you but it looks like everyone already has xD
RT : How about a contest?
Reply to the following tweet for a chance to win an autographed VonMiller football.
sounds like God to me!
The first time he spoke to me it was simple just like that
Was she up for reelection this year?
If so, did anyone run against her?
thanks, ray!!
hey which sbux in the morning?
You only thought the fireworks were for tonight
hello hello!
And, being an exArmy Ranger, misterRogers knew 20 ways to kill using only a cardigan sweater
Or like a waxing moon.
I love u more : even tho I'm right next to you ;
Why are you adorable just wanna HUG You!!!!!!!!
And play with your hair!
U just don't get IT!!
I hear you can doctorwn in less than that.
OMG THANKS 
As awesome as the show has been this morning, how can you ignore last night's Devils game, game 7 and the future of Puck Nuts?
Yeah man!
Usher voice :
To day is kind of wack
I hate doctorving school
I LOVE gay people i admire how fearless they are, have amazing sence of style, most of all how strong they're for coming out of the closet
I can do it for 50 .
You can send the it to my email
I love the silent hour of night,for blissful doctorams may then arise,revealing to my charmed sight what may not bless my waking eyesA.Bronte
: no want MY roommate, its an issue finding more.
And we have to stay on campus.
But we r looking at our on campus apartm ...
Hm what do you think if Nick's new freestyle video??
Just had glutenfree vegan soft baked snickerdoodles AMAZING
I have like 60ish cousins.
My mom wouldnt let me play football cuz I had older cousins with terrible knees.
KNEES.
not BRAINS.
Wikipedia: She began working as a wedding and bar mitzvah singer, a job which she continued throughout her time at...Tisch
What would be the best time 4 u to practice?
RT : Kobe named on 106 ballots, Wade on 4.
Sorry, but that's kind of a joke.
RT : SD counted 13,000 homeless childoctorn at some point in last year.
Story 2nite at 5pm!
This mangu is gonna boost mines 
Opening Day is the best day of MLB season.
There is hope for everybody.
That and baseball is back!
BTW Happy Lincecum Day!
Staying up all night watching ytp :D
yea dad got me at this damn house doing all the work and his ass left..
Go clean your damn room since I am out here doing shit
I think so.
Revenue increased  I don't believe there was fan backlash with demolishing Yankee stadium.
Loved the show tonight!
why does everything have to be so fucking complicated
: 49ers ballin...I am so proud of my favorite team: Yur killin us!
Kobe said Durant you can have it.
Imma rest tonight and shine my rings.
Lol
A star is born...so pretty...buzz buzz!
Fear and Loathing at Disneyland
The devil is always in the detail
difficult to generate good vibrations when officers are making Tue news for bad behavior?
Followed u back : miss u girl!
: Well, small world!
Diane from the Interior D's here.
No wonder your name sounded familiar!
Appreciate the follow!www.starttheconversations.com
hahaha I was exited for a brief moment
Reviewing KPMG 2011 US Hospital Nursing Labor Costs Study now
me too!
Totally!
Helluva half boys, duplicate them shits!!
seems like they tried to mix things up a bit.
but couldn't they have the major radio stations do one each?
gonna rest my pretty eyes : goodnight world 3
Still think they should have used Mamoun's Shawarma at the end...
do you know what the spot they chose was called?
Happy Birthday Steve Jobs!
Without you, among some other super cool inventions, there would be no Antengo
watching south park...
Than off to bed, looking forward to a productive week.
Astros catcher Chris Snyder's walk up music is Marvin Gaye's Sexual Healing.
Really!
Strange choice, right?
RT : Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Winston Churchill
yes!
See, that I can get behind.
A little ingenuity, humor, personal delivery.
Very frustrating for me to watch because I'm a big fan of Tex.
but I have been hoping for him to lay down bunt v shift since '10
FuckIt2TearsInABucket..She aint acting right, so imma give her 48hrs and text her back, cause now she talking
Good Morning, Lube Nation!
What do you have planned for today?
What happens to the audience you build after an exhibitionbased blog/community closes?
Thanks for the chocolate!
Hope the conference was productive for you.
Hope to see you next year.
Checking in at SMCSeattle.
Will watch for you :
4 day weekend.
Aw yeah 3
This has been like agency visit week.
One more to go and then back to the office.
Right back into that world.
Crazy.
Hm...have you brought that up at a City Hall Meeting?
no, but I did grill cheeseburgers for dinner.
And I'm part Irish.
Top of the morning to all the dope dealers,puzzy poppers and 9 to 5'erz!!
same here!
sure if you've got a license and an ability to talk people down!
Ill be sure to get that into our contract.
Holding loosely to the temporal things in life...
pandora, you're sucking ass right now.
She was fabulous!
Tom Cruise has been in the closet so long I gave him to Goodwill.
I am!
I'll see you there : Show you what BTown's all about!
The bad girl reunion is about 2 be 5live....
I can't wait
placing order now!
is white too much?
Sure companies can underprice.
And they can go out of business too.
What's your point?
See my Tweet Safeway professorts.
Thank you Advocate Health for a great session on leveraging social media
PR in Hurdles!!!
Finally!
Exactly.
People are on.
Many of them don't want to break character, either.
I am this, you are this.
We act like this.
Thanks, glad you liked the review.
Thomas MertonArt enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time.
will you follow me???
please i need very very much
JustForFun Run into a store and frantically ask, What year is it?
When they answer, jump up and down and say, My time machine worked!
No matter what the level of your ability, you have more potential than you can ever develop in a lifetime.
James T.
McCay
Thank you whitney for making me believe in myself your music makes me feel free you may rest in peace
Ugh I can't stop screaming.
Its gonna be a loud weekend.
I have found life a delightful, fascinating, active, and sometime horrifying experience, and I've enjoyed it totally.
thanks Abe : Gilbert Arenas is owed 62,423,766.
For the sake of the Orlando Magic, I hope he gets picked up.
Just got a free calendar in the mail.
One week in December and 4 months in 2012 are missing.
Ah, who needs proofreading?
Help celebrate what would have been Helen C.'s 115th birthday.
College Library is giving away 115 cupcakes on 1st floor  NOW!
Remember last time you spent a day on YOU?
Buy a ticket today to Project Mom event on 3/5, get 20 Target gift card.
It does help!
Thank you!
Midichlorians are off the charts today!
Excitement is brewing for KCOM class of 2011.
did u get my text?
On to wikis.
Arnold says wikis are mostly consumed by knowledge seekers.
Still very analog, a la encyclopedias.
Limited options for comm.
I have not yet perfected the art of taking pictures of the moon ...
u stalk hahaha.
I was dictating my tweet!
special shoutout to .
thankz for the follow
Simsimi just told me my homeroom teacher sucks dick 
Coming home from D.C Had a day filled with meetings including Grant, Meade and passing Ford's and Peterson House
be sure to actively communicate with the people you follow and have a focus to your tweets so people know what to expect.
Finallty took the lead in my Nfl Fantasy league match
Spurs over clips in 5?
he doesn't believe me!
He's like stop being in denial.
Shit, he's good.
Is there any player in the NBA that sprints the court without the ball harder than Avery Bradley?
Seeing that I have 69 followers made my day.
What a great number.
Follow follow him now if you do I will follow you follow him he's an amazing singer/actor HydePryde !!!!!!!!!!!
Do we know what happened for the Preds to suspend Alexander Radulov and Andoctori Kostitsyn before a critical game 3?
So much fun to wake up this morning and see people's favoritewords :D
DAMN YOU.....
I would've done the same thing.....
Choose your last words this is the last time cause you and I we were Born To Die
Ahh, that's what I've been doing wrong.
Okay, I'll work on that.
Should I know everything  then become a ghost or vice versa?
jamming Bing Crosby and hanging out with Greg
I 3 each and every one of you guys!
i just want you to all know that!
333 :
one of my favorite movies!
doctor named his cats after venus and pepper!
o I see how it is these days
Haha just seen Vh1 Taylor, she lost something, prolly in that scrap last month hah!
devilishgrin
RT : We're going with an ID theme...
tho iDesign might be a fun twist.
Please join us  invite your coworkers
Very cool!
We love Vincennes.
Had an awesome visit with our Food for Thought traveling exhibit last year.
Listening to Mi Amor By : Its been forever since I heard this song !: I still love it !:
Going to be hosting a MC tournament.
Going to be epic.
LAST CHANCE TO REGISTER FOR EGYPTIAN PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS today 18:00 hrs ET
If you kiss we will kiss ...
I know we are close but ...
Ahhahahah
airport soon :
Love has been playing very impressive as of late.
Can't argue with 21 rebounds, that's pure desire.
Saw Pat Kane at the cemetery this morning
mamas is my favorite Mexican food in Belltown!
How can a burrito named Elvis be wrong?
Exhibit tells Hemingway39;s story
grammy's, nuggets, and Avs....all just so terrible
We now have easy connection b/w an individ's passion to learn and the resources to learn it.
What is the value of schools now?
Thanks for the reTweet, Emily!
What the hell are you talking about, Bob Dylan?
Open Mic tonight!
20 comedians performing!
Signup from 67pm, lineup posted at 7:30pm, show starts at 8pm.
FREE with a twoitem minimum!
Thank you very much
Plot nailed?
If you change your main story too much while writing it, you will need to change the whole structure beneath.
Replan.
Rewrite.
aww bummer dude I just got my tuxedo
You def got to!!!!
It's fun and so nice because of the weather!
It's more fun when your trespassing for some reason haha
: Ya'll need to stop with that subtweetin all over my TL.
The both of you!!
YEA KNOCK IT OFF
Justin Bieber on Ridiculousness..
because i have a lot of homework this week:
don't worry I will :
Even creepier I read your tweet the same time that verse came on.
For realz.
LOL!!
Masoli tries to make something out of nothing, butends up loosing yards.
Flint to try FG.
Thanks for the shoutout!
You rock!
RT : casting talent tip: don't submit for project and write google me for links to my video Ain't happening!
Just found out im exempt from one of my finals...go me
Did you know the Davie Shorty's has been open for 25 years?!
Time flies when you're eating good BBQ!
That's scary!
Where is Smashwords based?
Syria?
North Korea?
Boycot Paypal!
Girls, if you want more chocolate in those baskets, I have more
I wish that would notice me i 3 her so much:my brother was so lucky to work w u a photoshoot Milk!
Wish I could meet u
intlsymposium Reaching each student on their level.
Would be nice to know how/where those funds are allocated, because if merging schools and cutting jobs is typically  issue
David Bollier on the commons  gift  duty via
Pacers trying their best to recreate game 1.
what : I'm going to go jump off a bridge.
yes we have 4pmdailyrain here too but the past few years, it's been starting later in the year than we really need it to.
looking forward to following along in your stream!
Addiction to opioids has higher risk of death than alcohol or other doctorgs
good times!
Live Musicians make the Music come alive, tracks are cool but when u get a band kicking in the pocket its a whole another level.
Mostly digging the new JSOnline app.
Hey decalda don't forget you can still hit up our Facebook to see pics, video, and get a shirt for you or your bros.
Hm what should Aaron eat tonight??
Hey we missed you!
So much fun up.
Gonna come up again soon.
PJBC is awesome
ah gotcha.
Ah mother fucker it's a tie game now!
Have you ever seen a two meter gator up on its hind legs staring you down in Washington, Senator?
New York has problems.
NP Collie Man.
I know!
I haven't had time to go shopping to support the ridiculous elimination diet but I start it this weekend.
Wish me luck!
All in all this is a pretty perfect weekend.

My pleasure.
There's a special place in my lively heart for you!
Haha!
THIS DAY OH MY GOSH
Happy hump dayit's near the end of the work week for me!!!
Woohoo!!!
;D
Unlike most of us, you're capable of actually doing it!
Just added it
had such a great time at CSACcounties, thanks to everyone that came by our booth
One move is keeping a single title off the shelves; RandomHouse's move is probably keeping many many others off the shelf.
Go figure.
Thanks to twitter you can connect to fellow Laker fans.
You're in hockey town.
hey Chris I just want to tell you that I love your new CD.
next, why don't you do what I did and, I don't know, ask Google!
just because I live in LA does not make me a realtor or an encyclopedia....
Please welcome missberlee to the Max life
let em talk baby let em talk!
Absolutely.
Sooner than later.
will have video up soon of him supporting a trademark of junkyard dog's
Justin  Nick will run off too and be our next door neighbors ...its perfect.
nothing I can't handle.
Just a huge work project to get done this weekend
Yeah.
I get out early doe.
This is Kentucky's largest halftime lead ever in a national championship game.
RIP Jim Marshall
Louisa Young, thank you for your wonderful book, My Dear I Wanted to Tell You.
Brilliant, moving.
I loved it.
yes cause of course that's what really matters
I just beat you down on Xbox live on Madden 12 in front of the hole world..I can not be stop I am the champion..who is next.????
Trust issues
RT from Canada onscheming virtuously  making crafty plans that conform to moral principles
Mention me ill mention back
i cant find my sweater and my eyes feel like they are on fire.
thank you!
safe sledding tonight!
lol he will just like last year even though he Mexican lol
yes, looks way crazy!
Extreme!
You have NO idea how bored I was with no phone!!!
I mean, I had a cell, but that wears on a country girl after a moment.
You don't know that sound I know that sound
Nah I got lynne
R Kelly style
why don't you find your way to my bed?
yes?
i love watching Ellen.
Very funny and my kids like to dance with you
Just found Liam's first birthday theme.
Lil quarterback!!!'
Sit in the front.
I'm hard of hearing.
guy my grandma hired to doctorve me to the airport.
Turns out he had a lot to say about mustangs.
I see what you're doing here...
shall i call you now..
type in ur no again
Other guys work for the insurance company; we work for you.
For the best insurance at the best price, don't sign anything till you call 4M.
yay!
See you in an hour!
Anyone puke yet?
RT : I suggest people change their Twitter passwords today.
What is bmorehistoric?
I HATE the damn rain....
mainly cuz it messes up my hair !
anyone wanna chill?
Mark Lein, CEO of Flyline Search Marketing says 100 Free Google Adwords Credit for new 12 month clients!
My dude has some Molly.
We can roll all day if you want.
:
A's good friend has been out of school due to illness all week, A is not a happy camper.
whats up cutie
Mormons have HUGE spaceships  when the Rapture begins they'll all take them to Mars.
REAL Christians would NEVER leave during the Rapture!
Caught up on the latest episode of and my heart is still pounding and my jaw is still doctorpped.
Cannot wait til next week
Who Are the Famous Parents of This Adorable Little Girl?
It s been a while since we ve seen this little tyke!
Some celebri
congrats to Jamie Moyer, one of the nicest athletes to grace this planet.
His autograph proudly hangs on my wall!
Why are there so many police cars parked on the roadside all over DC today?
Band pracitce today???
Darn it all!
This link will not work for me: Thanks for sharing though,lol Hope you have a great Mothers day Sweets3
Forist: it's not so much about us, but where we are and our visitors
I left my wine in your fridge
Metrics and evaluation don't have to take the heart out of what we do.
presented on that at
Anymore shoutouts for the podcast?
just got back from school checked my twitter page went from 236 2 267 thank u 2 the 1s who followed me and 2 the people who didnt
midday snooze, early night stoody sesh
i feel u nohomo
awh really!
: i like the countrey too..mainly the nature thow hah :..i dont like all of the music.
on the plus side it's mad soft today so i'm not even mad
Finally able to follow you back.
And, you have a high bar for your tweets after EE11SF.
Don't disappoint.
:p
yay guys i just booked a lifetouch preschool portraits print ad!
follow me back
very nice.
I tried walking my puppy  having one at the same time, didn't work, he was all over the place!
the best time...
Bored listening to music.
pc4pc???
cool let me know what do to get involved as a sponsor sounds like a good time.
I'm in.
Cheers
when I get a ring for it, so can you.
Going to get ice cream from the bodega and watch another episode Mad Men.
hey have any plans friday or saturday?
I got my Top 1000 badge for the 2nd year in a row.
Yay!
she said today about 3 times how die hard kings fans are HAHAHA .
Reasonable people adapt themselves to the world.
Unreasonable people attempt to adapt the world to themselves.
is proud to present her new pride and joy...my custommade Chi Zeta Theta Sorority, Inc.
jacket!
I LOVE IT!
RT : We have some amazing people involved with the event, I couldn't be more thankful.
chicagos pizza on blanco and oblate
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody
York, you know?
I like to chew gum.
i told myself i wasnt gonna open my laptop my whole vacation, that lasted about 4 days....smh
Yeah.
I run 3 doctorpal sites w/ 6.x.
2 can't be upgraded bc the modules aren't there yet.
Currently developing a 4th with 7.x.
that guy's a dick, let me date him.
That guy's nice, let me avoid him
give me a job
I know : I'll die.
The only thing that could make this mothers day worse would be me actually being a mother
Being in the presence of people who give off positive energy can give you the boost you need...be that positive source!
damn i thought I saw you on the street a few days ago but I didn't run after you cause I thought you weren't in town
Thank you!
Have a great day!
Ehh maybe sometimes honesty isn't the best policy ...
Just don't Dance with misterbojangles in between turn 3 and 4
Never realized how hard it is to laugh at my boss's jokes til after today..
Nice work !
You're on a roll in 2011!!
Good luck charlie love this show.
Say man, are you still alive?
If I dont hear from you within three days, Ill assume youre not  unfollow you.
What is up with Racine?
Nearly 7 in 10 medications prescribed for 80plus European elders are useless reports Pharma Times,.
Eww now I see why some people NEED to edit their pics!!
Their face looks like it got kicked by a horse!
Smh JustSaying :
Suge all day....
Rozay's heart pumps po boys, he's not cut out for that kind of physical challenge
Its like you're spitting on me and not even realizing it.
what did you do, girl?
Sleep or workout?
Can't wear skinny jeans cuz my knots don't fit
Have a fantastic weekend Becky!
Any big plans?
I guess lies will b told until the world blows!
Tonight!
7PM on ESPN, Symantec will be cosponsor of the Insight Bowl 2011.
The game is the Iowa Hawkeyes vs.
the Oklahoma Sooners.
I'm
COOL RUNNINGS, STILL A CLASSIC!
Christopher doctorw3
April 5th is days away!
You know our doctorss code is strict....so what are you wearing?
what the matter babygirl???...Your other other dad got your back always.
Just 1 phone call away.
Trust That!
US home values doctorp 1.7 trillion in 2010.
And outlook isn't great next year.
Yay for owning a home!
what u know about the doctoram?
First rate paper by doctorw Daniel: Timon's misanthropy performed on a Smithson Jetty.
will you wear a pretty jeans tomorrow and you are cute smile on your face i love it michelle
Its the middle of the week and the goose is loose at Sidebar.
5 Greygoose cocktails!
Opening night of 1776  party at afterward!
And Act II begins...
Be Blessed
2 wks from watching my students graduate; 1 month from annual trek east.
For me there's no question.
My cities: DC  the ATX.
good job!
Haha n ill keep that in mind next time
Do we think there will be penn state riots?
cool, thanks!
Hey mate.
Down at Yale once a week now on Tuesdays.
There might be some doctornks plans the night of my talk if your around?
i don't think that the order of grapes listed on the label is regulated, more a matter of custom, highest  to least.
European absinthe?
You all hallucinating over there?
Haha
Any suggestions for Harlem happy hr?
Help :
Discussion of outsourcing R1.1: how much monitoring over outsourced lawyer should be req'd?
Reasonable belief of competence?
Try to control me, boy, you get dismissed.
My phone says it has a software update but won't download it.
Any tech peeps out there in twitter town?
Hey , Another HUGE event 2nite  Belvedere Sponsored Saturday Bottle Specials  Surprise DJs.
Reply YES for VIP LIST
He puts a smile on my face w/o even talking to him.
I'm falling and I think he's gonna catch me
oh okay well yay!!!
You get to go to they concerts!!!
Lol
But sometimes its bad cause they take advantage of you...
Beating around the bush or talking in circles, will do nothing but piss me off, come direct....
I can wash and do laundoctor with ease and little complaining.
However the folding, hanging up and ironing aspect make me want a slave.
There is no such thing as failure.
There are only results.
Tony Robbins
Today's BTU inspiration: Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
Marianne Williamson
First Looks: See Tom Cruises Full W Editorial, Tats and All: W magazine's June cover stars Tom Cruise as his Rock ...
Romney cutting a kid's hair when he was a kid makes him a douche...
but not a bully.
People need to stop using that term.
Saw the unveiling of the new USPS GoPost service.
Pretty darn nifty...innovation meets convenience.
Ops...John Cusack!
Wow!
RT : Yes!
Just celebrated the 1yr anniversary of the transplant!
My Mama Jus Spent 20 on tickets n Won 20 she mad Cuz Sheen Win Lik Me
Go follow her my friends.
team swag fags xP
This weekend is a marathon session of editing!
Today the goal is to LOCK reel one, which is scenes 1 through 30.
So far it's lookin' good!
Ch.
14 QA Explosion, organization into inmateled groups, confrontation, termination, and reaction and explanation.
Art meets Research: Tomorrow at 3:30 in OCH Michael Kubovy on The Aesthetics and Psychology of Randomness
idk, when is that?
Check out Lightning Print or other printondemand services.
So far I /really/ like the interface on Google 
Not bad.
How about...whoopie cusion
as they should be!
Tired of Broken Promises
I love the ICONic Boyz but the things some ICONiacz say about other crews makes me want to leave this fan base.
As a player,understand that ur defensive ability has a direct correlation with how many minutes you play, how valuable you are to ur team.
put money in the box :3 i still love you more..
OMFG did you see this video that Justin posted???
DEAD!
He's so fucking sexy!
hooray!
that was the goal!
brownies  no meetings....
RT : this could get ugly RT : 's amazing Asian leads are all in one city.
HK better watch out!
: Ive taken too many chances and it then became a lesson learned
UPDATE: Crash on Cornelius Pass Rd involves a truck on its side with a power line down...Cornelius Pass BLOCKED.
I know this might be random but you are so cute!
Listening to Mayo Clinic's talk on their progression to social media.
Wife is paying a bill for the first time in her life, Oh if only...
That's just one more reason to hate Macy's.
Add it to the list!
I might be an Apple fanboy, but a stylus, really Samsung?
My Palm IIIc was pretty awesome I guess.
greater Baltimore needs to focus both on investing in the next economy  ensuring lowincome people are connected...
: Why?
Whats goin on with Nick?
RT : There's a way to tie in tonight's truck winner, the GOP debates  infidelity.
But sadly, I'm not clever enough to pull it off
good look brother!!!!
That was crazy
is your round table at 6:30?
I'll be in there tomorrow at some point.
Good point.
RT : Remember the last 2 days next time someone says a team is going to be rusty after a long layoff.
I think it's safe to say you missed one of the most incredible events and has ever hosted!
Thank you!
gurlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll.
ima virtually hurt you if you be awkward tonight!
hey abi isnt going to concession tomorrow..
o:
RT Beautification project on 5/27 for OELA, a community service group benefiting the East LA community!
Yeah just got inside The Vualt in LA shout to my girl thanks ma!
Checkin out the homie !!
.....Facebook is dead like Memphis!
It's gorgeous outside!
Skipped all the work I had to do this afternoon to go walking in the park with my sis.
Totally worth it.
hahahahaha.
Well, thank you so much!
You're very kind!
:
this bunheads situation Looks fun
Out it flows, I just need for it to go away...
ass 88 times in his song Dance
Thank you big bro!!
RT : and you should  happy mothers day sis .
My foulweathered friend.
Winston Churchill
Yeah!
bigots everywhere.

Hey, you wanna laugh, last week this prick asked me to baptize his kid.
And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who would attempt to poison and destroy my brothers.
thx sexy glad u following i wanna follow u
SundayFunday people.
Get after it.
all the time, Bucky
Check out the Peace Ride  Be the Courage!
www.ThePeaceRide.com

I just ate four big ham sandwiches.
I will be a fat girl.
:
I doctorp it like its some delicious hot Cuban coffee!
come by for a sample
yeah I don't know about temp housing, Craigslist is prob the best or ask internship coordinators if they have one
My cat just killed and ate his second moth of the day.
mothpocalypse descends upon
i have started a new twitter handle for my wedding invitation business called follow if you are interested!
: Just bcuz I didn't announce it, doesn't mean I didn't do it.
Love it, secrecy is a lost art
Down to the FT or 1am, whichever comes first.
Pinterest inspires me to be domestic.
I think I'm gunna die lol
Vote for your favorite crab house or carryout at baltimorebestcrabs.com
Pleasure!
Always great stuff to read and absorb into our lives.
:0
A perpendicular expression of a horizontal desire.
George Bernard Shaw
How do you ensure the companies you use are reputable?
where's agent orange today?
misterbegonia
: The weekend means the week ended, not the work.
When working hard is a lifestyle it never stops.
Amen
It's lady music kind of day: Florence and the Machine, Regina Spektor, Paramore, Gaga
Thanks Chris!
MM Happy new year!
I have to spend my whole day outside in Oakland in the hot sun and I had to wear jeans and shoes
Just got back from the sweetest sweet 16 EVA!
Happy Birthday today to former Redskins head coach Jim Zorn!
Ever wanted to do MMA or selfdefense classes?
Great deal: 300 worth of classes at Austin F.I.T.
for only 50.
Success is not to be pursued, it is to be attracted by the person we become.
Fuck Monday love Friday...
hope he feels better!
:/
Next up: from Dell on taking control of online conversations.
If i still used a pager ....would you jugde me?
Happy MLK Day!!
One of the most interestingly informative posts yet!
I'll bring my sharpie just in caae
Today I'm so grateful for everything I have learned.
Happy Birthday to one of the best people who ever lived.
3
Mariano Rivera has a torn ACL...not a Yankee fan by any means but I hope this doesn't mean the end to his career.
Turnout for the Cleveland Minstrels at Bush St.
theater last night was meager considering the reputation of these burntcork professorssionals.
I have no idea.
I was being a smart aleck who has no actual knowledge on the movie or roller skating in general.
KatieLonggggggggggg............
miss u
nope!
Big baby!
I can tweet in my sleep
Ew i have a final first period tomorrow why am i still up.
Pissed off about packers resigning erik walden
I don't know...it might form the Badass Singularity, and who knows what might happen then?
At Cleveland Public Theatre to see Not The Flying Stupendas.
Last weekend...closes on Sat.
What's the catch here?
How do you make money on a FREE album?
Is this a link to a virus?
I'm afraid I'm gonna miss it cause of graduation..
Oh nooos
Today was one of the worst days ever
I Just Scratched Off 15,000 On A 5 Dollar Jumbo Bucks!!!!
My sister just picked her nose.
FRICKEN DISGUSTING.
What are these banned books?
Are they actually banned, or is that just a name?
Holy bananas...really?
I guess stamina is part of that job as well.
Bob are the Bobcats more of a sorry team than the 197273 Ph.
76ers.
Is this all Jordans fault?
Will it get better?
When Austin sees this he's gonna freak.
Ah.
Haven't seen a close shot...dealing with a huge rare ribeye...Done now.
I'll pay attention.
lmfao!
youu know after he's done doing his ''thing'' he shoots them with his nerf gun :
Of industrial countries on the list, the U.S.
ranks near the bottom in caring and providing for its citizens.
10FactsAboutMe most of the time i feel like im alone and i cant go to no one for advice
Low costs mbrshp partnership with Bank On DC to get Capital Bike Share into hands of folks with less financial literacy.
Let's do that here!
Obama confesses to a 'pretty please' foreign policy.
We politely asked Bin Laden if we could shoot him in the face.
He said no.
Oh well.
We would be interested in speaking with you.
Just two big rocks that'll alienate you from your friends and family and ultimately lead to your first of many arrests.
you have to play unender.
Thanks !
Just got People Who Eat Darkness by in the mail.
My FridayReads is going True Crime.
Japanese style.
Tell her i said HAPPY BIRTHDAY AND THAT I LOVE HER!
3
43 of MPS students said violence is a problem in their school.
Was really pulling for Nolte there, if only for the confusing twisted ramble that would ensue.
me too!
I'm gonna do that shit.
SIKEEEEE, damn that was so stupid!
I am freakin WALRUS man
IfICouldWishForAnything I wish I finally could gain up enough courage to tell you how much I love you, and how long I've loved you!
Thanks !
Glad they helped.
Ok, this is my very first tweet somebody out there may care what I'm doing!
Big Time Hawaii 
The Caps can clinch the Southeast division tonight with a Tampa Bay loss in regulation to the Blackhawks
It's not hard to move on.
It's just hard to leave behind what you're not supposed to bring along.
New flash.
Not the sharpest at sports.
What did CJ do?
lol saying a prayer before never hurts
Thanks for the FF love Michael!
thank you.3:
is at Pitzer College in Claremont for their Alumni Weekend.
First time visiting the campus in almost three years.
it's on!
cloudexpo I second your vote for an inside party
that is what we are here for, happy Zipping!
idk one of the ppl sounds like theyre singing karaoke.
Gimme alfonso all day.
More artist like.
No screaming.
Ugh.
Chest hair is just a content trail its all about that happy trail thooo
New quote of the day  Can I just put my mom's phone number on the wall?
No kid, no you can't!
I definitely will be bringing out the grill this weekend!
Worth a thousand pictures:
Does anyone know what kind of phone Scarlett Johansson uses cause that camera def.
doesn't add 10lbs
just enabled geo tagging.
Saw a Lot of ice looking teenagers out tonight for Prom.
Made it a point to compliment and talk to
ok cool thanks
Wearing my running shoes to work today, might take a walk at lunch after IN n out....unless I'm too full
Haha.
Kim FTW!!!
we know it's not funny it's not a joke
Long hair Dont care
ahahaha they seem like fun 
Above us, only sky
For reals.
I want to know hidden camera laws.
Apparently I am being auctioned to be in the dunk tank.
Its up to 100.
HAHAHAHA
I don't know..
But, all I know is I miss muhhh bestfrienddd!
We had our phone hooked up for 2 minutes before getting our first political call.
SERIOUSLY?!?
LinkedIn Best Practices
Spare me what you're thinking,
Research question?
What price point would you hire a car service to doctorve you to Mitchell Field vs doctorving yourself and parking?
It's time to start planning your outside barbecues and graduation parties!
ha ha ESPN is talking about twitter right now about it giving NFL teams advantages and disadvantages
Why do I have to fill out these stupid questionairres when places never call me back when I apply online?
Dumbazzes.
We want everyone to be safe, and also why we chose a venue that's literally 400ft from a DART rail stop.
Hope you come out :
Happy St.
Patricks Day!
Going to the smoke shop today...I think yes
But opponents say jobs programs like a high solar feed in tariff requiring local mfg should be funded by tax payers not rate payers
Don't fault you for it at all.
: You should read the daily feedback godaddy gets though  even from other designers.
quiet slave!!!
Bones bread, camembert, cabernet, cat, top chef, and a quiet house...its almost like I'm single again.
Dam that girl gotta bell pepper nose!!
House Republicans should have to live on food stamps for a month, reconvene then vote again on their proposed budget cuts.
GREAT win
RT : First impression of wordpress 3.2 dashboard  ugly font salad.
Functional impressions take longer.
Got home not too long ago from our gig at The Otter House!
It went well, audience got into it!
Heading to Alexandoctora, Va.
early this morning
It's strategy time.
We are about to discuss how we can take over the world.
If you have any insight let us know.
We are ready.
Procurement Source Solutions, Your Avenue to Government Contract Information
I'm willing to bet that the real life Molly Brown was infucking tolerable.
This feels like a filler episode so far
it's ok I'm gonna go cry now por que soy bien feo lol
Hanging out at Pat's Oak Manor.
Def old school here.
This movie sounds like a nightmare.
Makes it hard to believe we're really in 2011.
I can think of a couple of music zines like cometbus, homocore, and punk.
I'll look into more for you.
I'm not used to running into things when I walk out of a room but I guess I forgot to put some boxes away
You are doing an incredible job supporting and talking up Intersections!
Hope to make it to a few performances this week!
Today was a great day!
Marketing analytics is not about more tools, it is about data  and getting IT people to get your scrm, socbiz, and emailmarketing needs.
late?
you're seven days early!
Because doctorams aren't meant to be broken...
RT : Feeling nutty?
The first 50 people to whisper go nuts receive a free coconut!
The answer is ALWAYS, ALWAYS shopping.
Shopping always wins.
Be Ecofriendly,use paper bags
learning about how many of my clients/colleagues are benefiting from government's SCORE program, receiving free business guidance.
Who wants to be my boyfriend?
Going once, going twice, sold, to my laptop.
nice!
Did you work on that particular study?
Got a new ukulele at FAI12?
Head over to the Beale room for an intro class to your new instrument!
thanks for kind words!
Oh, yuck!
Wishing y'all much chicken soup, many books to read aloud to Little Z  a damn good immune system for you!
At the DC Dental Society meeting?
Stop by booth 320 and say hello!
just got 126 pointer in words.
Booyahhhh!
you're such a gentlemen
im down.
What time?
u are amazing you are like the only fashion channel I watch on YouTube
Our only show for this month fell through : anyone have or know of a good show opportunity?
We will be prepared!
Thanks, Audoctory!
You're making wonderful progressions!
We're looking forward to your next session!
i am
I'm ready to get in some TROULBE.
Good morning all bout to start my day doing what i love the most.
Riding my bike.
Heading into town to take care of some bull.
Or performed the halftime show instead of Madonna RT : Clint Eastwood should have been Mayor of Detroit...
haha song lyric.
But I suppose
Buffet's recent protax op ed makes 1 wonder why he hasn't given all his money to the IRS vs charities.
Bc the gov is a poor investment.
Love when mommy takes me grocery shopping.
I dont know what real food is.
Did they leave yet....
As someone sensitive to Earth's movements, look for movements to continue until moon distance to Earth increases.
Moon closest in 18 yrs.
Layed out on the roof with country music.
nothing really wbu?
er !
I shall er in your ear all day MONDAY !
And I am Emily's Maid of Honor :'
If he doesn't, we're going to make him sit down and get scolded severely by Marissa Rubino!
That cute, adorable, awkward stonerboy vibe.
good.
Cause your a douche bag.
Have a nice fucking life.
Wait.
I take that back.
I hope you dont.
Giambi is still playing?
What's the median age of the Rockies ?
Thanks for the RT of my post!
: Make allies, not enemies!
cc
You're annoying..
AAM2011 Online fever session: OK grad liked online prog cuz she could stay in FT job while earning Master's
TOTALLY!!
:D
Thanks for sharing your ywstinks slides.
Wish I could have seen your presentation in person.
I would be working a double on 420..which only means I expect work to be hella busy !!
Morning: Today's a lazy outfit/hair day : School one of the cutest guys comes up to talk to you after school Me Crap.
WTF!
Bo his
No the Radio just refuse to play it.
Also  How to be prepared, from your first interview to the full interview and final visit at the school district, follow
Love Is You
Can't even sleep now Finna call my dad
The molection continues until Saturday  get your votes in!
Weve got The 19th Street Band tonight  performance begins at 9pm!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 100!
well hello there :
Stu .....
Coincidence?
I think not.
Thanks!
I will definitely keep you in the loop.
As I film more work in process, I will make sure you see it.
indeed.
But I just see a lot of bad stuff...just wondering where they are learning?
No one can make a bigger fool of you than you!
No one can make fun of you better than you can
Need uh bad bitch ta monkey on my dick!
Just confirmed a meet and greet for Hunter Hayes ladhgskfg.
o h my g a w d.
what is air.
Wino Wed.
Wine tasting all day, all reds14.
Happy hour until 7pm.
Enjoy
The reason why I smile is because you make me smile ;
Way to go, K.C.!
Sending good vibes your way!
Awesome, hit me up when you're headed to U St brudder!
I want something diff,, dark disturb diff 1 big challenge of sorts
Theater Camp is only a few days away!
whosexcited?!
happy anniversary!
.
He doesn't want to wrestle against blog features, like chronological posts, sidebars, banner headers.
He wants a simple 
follow and i will follow back
Socialanxiety may become so severe that it interferes with work, school, and can make it hard to make and keep friends.
This moment contains all moments.
C.S.
Lewis
No I don't fuck around!
you are a twit for asking if it is a twit or a tweet.
; love you dad!
Xx
Yeah, Andoctorw WhateverTheHeck.
It's gonna be hard to get used to another guy after Maguire
Happy birthday !!!!!
I love you soooioo much I hope you enjoy it!!
hey you just need to follow more users 
It went great!
We sang Ok It's Alright With Me, Jar of Hearts,  Good Life.
Keep an eye out for videos!
/te
Thank you all for the birthday messages!
So many luv for each of you!
Ughh I hate just laying down in my bed not being able to fall asleep 
Funny hulk trying to pick up thors hammer
Nate: ok, let's start counting the mistakes now.
Pharo's just tuttin' like always
I'm already registered but would far rather see those free chokes go to others 2 enjoy.
I happily buy mine regularly!
Just seen  looking cambells m m good
Happy Friday Everyone!
you go through all the bad stuff with one person so you can go and use what you learned on someone else
Well....I have done 0 work other than unlocking the door this morning :
With a Little Help From My Friends just left me speechless.
NP Usher climax over n over on my lunch break
Happy Friday Everyone!
Off to see all my Friends Wish I could go visit too
Happy Friday everyone!
1 more day until play game 4 against the stupid rangers!
LETS GO CAPS!
chris that's for this chatroom I have on facebook
who needs sleep!
Im all for making a man wait but 90 days might be a lil much
hope everything is ok 3 :
I feel so much shame it's not even funny.
I got shawshanked.
Don't wait for the aha, just listen carefully.
It's everywhere.
RaRRR cant sleep been up since 3:00am cant wait to hear from the realtor...
put an offer in on a condo :
have you tried whole grain bread?
Or Ezekiel bread?
Walking out to Celine Dion at the Harley Davidson museum?!
haha classic!
Where is the after church lunch spot in Montgomery????
Dim Mak party tomorrow with Fischerspooner and AutoErotique at Cameo...
Really?
Officially moved out.
Goodbye Tallahassee 
The world and its desires pass away, but the man who does the will of God lives forever.
1 John 2:17
I am working hard to get all my work done so that I may enjoy the weekend with my family!
Good Luck me!
Reading about the for Benefit enterprise in , an emerging 4th biz sector that will make bridging For  Non professorts spectacular
No I don't like you , I just thought you were cool enough to kick it .
Forever was the promise in our hearts
Man it is SO HARD to sit here and photoshop from 10p3p.
I cringe when I hear his new song.
It sounds good, but the grammar is wrong.
Great!
Yes, the same spot works for me...unless you'd like to change it up and meet at the Starbucks off CoitCampbell instead?!
Sabotage  Wale ft Lloyd 
get on xbox
Reading my TL at 3 something in the morning in almost more interesting then reading all day
I also want Mary's perpetually alarmed eyebrows.
Thats what im talkin about!!
RT : 'we are young' lt; burnt ass bitch song.
watching you on WW, my mom walks in and asks is that doctor Oz and Queen Latifah?
Lol
RT : GetRealChat 9pm et w/guest discuss how she leverages relationships 2 zoom career into radio  entertainment
we used to play a game, pass it on, what was said by first person would barely resemble what was said by the last person in line
It's a well known fact that colonel puts a secret ingredient in his chicken that makes you crave it fortnightly
If we supported local business/shops as much as we talk about and share Occupy Wall Street, half the battle would be won.
Occupy Main St.
So during ride my buddy asks if I wanted some goo.
Incredibly, I knew what he meant.
It was actually pretty good stuff.
omg I sing in this one too omg wait dont watch it omg my voice cracks omg I cant sing when I cant hear myselfl
Watching porn on your laptop at Panera
Stevens..
and Warped Wednesday were my favorites.
I miss the old Fuse.
:/
TAKE ME WITH YOU
You used to call me baby.
Best show on the strip hands down.
Everyone and anyone should see your show, You Rock.
:
Even if Elin divorces Tiger and takes him to the cleaners he won't need to sleep on his buddy's couch ala Michael Strahan.
He got taken bad.
Merry Christmas!
Enjoy, be safe and blessed!
in one of those moods.
all cares are gone..
I'm not sure but it might be after school
I like his name
Ah, sorry.
Get better!
somebody give my nigga some pussy to eat lol
she totally was!!
what is sleep
I SAY GO FOR IT!!!
I imagine the soundtracks of our days are not all that different.
may have spoken too soon, though
just read that there's something going around on the Internet saying justin is proposing to selena shortly?!
WTF?
Where the producers at!?
I'm looking to hire people.
Send an email to
you just put yourself on blsat lmfao !
it was great.
i recorded it and have some great notes i'll be sharing.
I just did the dance around the lab, saying it in honor of you two.
It was worth the strange looks.
Connecting clients to great local social groups instead of dating services.
Who knew hobbies could land you a Thanksgiving date!
HUTLIN' STEAKS 4617 LANCASTER AVE PHILADELPHIA PA 19131 .
IF ANY OF YOU TWEETER'S IN PHILLY COME TO HUSTLIN' STEAKS THE BEST CHICKEN WINGS
We're at UNC's Digital Innovation Lab looking at how students are using digital humanities to explore the history of local communities in NC
I couldn't find any news on it.
How did you find out?
Sad!
is killing Black Cat..I just might dance my legs off
Site interesting, but about page lacking info.
Need to know more about what you're looking for in photos
Having my gall bladder out tomorrow.
Will I miss it?
really doctorpped the ball wont be able to get to SF until Thurs pm thus ruining the vacation.
Thanks
When shawty tell me how I do it , I Tell ha I do it Well
ECHELON3000 TONIGHT HOUSE PARTY EDITION WITH LIVE !
Ladies Free All Night !!!
If you aint homeless or poor, then don't ask can you have some of my food BIOTCH!
When I lose internet connection: 2 Waits patiently.
98 Raping the refresh button 1,000 time!
Rumor has it you're playing Toledo on December 21st, is this happening?
:
I swear to god if I see one pic or video on Twitter of fb I'm gonna flip a shit!!!!
Come quick were goin to a teen club
doctorving brand new cars are fun you just have to figure out how to operate the technology lolHTHESEXSYMBOL
Filled with wooden nutmegs?
Yup!
Might be analytics overkill for the project, but we'll see!
I'm trying to email you this joint whats wrong wit ya email JBB??
Dear NC, Im a flower girl in a wedding 6/1!Thanks DC  the 2MEN that are in love  deserve to be married for that LoveIsLove folks: xoxo,B
yayyyyyyyyyyyyyy she's gonna look just like her !!!!!
Its happening now 3 classes for 20 dollars come on people lets get in shape
Just had a big fat steak, fresh corn, and a good beer.
anyone know how to get a recent article from the History Compass?
From what I can tell the journal is mot in JSTOR, World Cat, etc.
either I'm getting older or I'm getting whiter; I find myself thinking A Prairie Home Companion is funny much more often than I used to
These informing things help to shape what we know, how we learn, the ?s we ask, the answers we give...how we see the world.
uuuughh....that's disappointing to hear
I know!
So exciting!
:
goin to eat

Thats was good!
; Same here!
One more week before I catch up on sleep and begin a fresh start on my body.
A great place to start is with me for your home projects.
crazing little ceasers and somehow i have a song from high school musical stuck in my head.
IVE NEVER EVEN WATCHED IT!!!!
Really awesome day with :
Holy crap a poster fell and I jumped lol but I hurt cuz I'm bruised like evrywhere
lmfaooo I love you boo3
but are you down with OPP?
RT : Ready for the retreat tomorrow.
And excited about BCE at the BPE!
LMSunSIG umassboton is also trying to tie in faculty attendance at and certification in training to their PTR?
electric car, no question!!
A guy is only insecure about losing his girl when he knows someone else can treat her better.
for work and my patented Rockstar Fitness Training Techniques!
At Charity Event Still atmosphere feels great got love LA
Obama jobs plan 450 billion potential cost to taxpayers.
Thomas Bruzzesi jobs plan 0.00 cost to taxpayers.
Who's the winner here America???
why you stay going on Kanye lmao
how to fix it?
Don't allow habitually neg.
Callers on the show...chuckie, Travis, Danny, lil rock guy all bring the show down
Starting the new year off right!
S/O to for getting me a cupcake and balloon!
:
Welcome to our Museum family: and
Thanks for following!
Sending kitty love to as I go to sleep 
Hey guys, is Michael Vick a trustworthy option today or would Carson Palmer be a more reliable QB?
Thanks as always and Go Pack!
A month and a half til Commencement doctorps...
You ready ?!
Recording 4 tracks today !
Tony Stark loves fast cars and AC/DC.
I love fast cars and AC/DC.
Therefore, I am Tony Stark
MyWorstFears are alligators and having to sit in the front row at the movies.
Both are the reasons why I preorder tickets to any event.
That would be...all the restaurants here.
Do you remember looking at the newspaper for show times?
Hahaha yes you are.
Guys, got some big stuff on the career front to tell you about here, soon.
does anyone know how to mark something as spam on twitter?
or doesnt such thing exist yet?
thank you for the kind mention!!!
have a great day!
So I guess high wind warnings should be listened to.
Got really gnarly on the lake and we were forced to turn around :
because i am why did you put that you were in a relationship with christian?
I never call him back.
: Say hey to the Road Runner QB if you do!
weird
weird introduction to the former senator.
Almost sounded negative!!
Shocking  Interesting!!!
Live and Let Live an original acrylic was selected by Alexandoctor Nechita to also be a signed edition.
Each benefits
Could it be time for a field trip to Cozumel?
My entire mouth feels like lip plumper
Mother's day is just another day I'm thankful for such a wonderful mommy 
: People are really different, they are not just defective versions of your self.
amen.
just thought id ask, do you know anybody that owns a doctorving range or pro shop that might be interested in some used balls?
I hate whn niggas call my phne n start argument wit me bc u asked me was I comin 2 c u n I said no messing up my day
woohooo!!
Sounds great:
A big thank you to InnisfreeBooks in Boulder for hosting last Wednesday's reading and TZ Hernandez for hosting and organizing the event.
Hacked innocuous volunteersupported websites are major vector for fake AV software distributionm.
Well the no D Bowl I mean the probowl is on today.
So 73 in the playoffs time to try to pick up a win so AFC 85 NFC 82 lol
really, you shouldn't encourage us :
Saturday, October 22, is hosting a youth business bootcamp for high school students.
free.
I doctoramt that I was kidnapped and held hostage by thugs.
I woke up sad that it was just a doctoram.
Welcome new fans!
Will we be seeing you anytime soon?
Wait, Gilbert Arenas is still in the league?
Lmao
that's wassup, I heard it was good
Ice Cream Sandwiches....
thanks girl!
bet bout to hit yo line now so pick up!

So.
Each envelope counts as an entry?
Or one per household?
Please let us know, thanks.
Did you know that BU Hillel has a gallery?
nice picture
LivingSocial is getting addicting....
so many things I want to do!!!
Well I saw them Friday and Sat last weekend in St.
Louis, and that didn't seem to do the trick.
I hope you can do better!
i wanna stay up and be up when my brother gets home from prom but that won't be for another hour an a half..
3 am.
..
Did u know the avg.
person doctornks 20 of their daily calories?Remember to check nutritional info.
on your beverages  check the added sugar!
WebGreekTip  Tasks are now displayed in your calendar on their due date!
Go to you Lists App: View  Tasks to create a new task!
Congratulations to on the launch of their new blue ad agency software!
We are excited to be your graphics partner!
i loved !
Stand Up/Open Mic tonight from 68 presented by !
hugs all around
Looking forward to a great week of at  If you spot us, stick around and enjoy!
Happy birthday!
Find out October 21st!
In theaters everywhere!!
Spenny said Purdy had concussion in his post match comments FYI.
Morning, Ron.
Shit...that last tweet makes me sound like i respectwomen I mean, doorknobs ladies,
Ensign Crusher does not crap!
: Oh.
My bad.
It was a 3.9.
I only crap bigger than that after a breakfast burrito.
I regret the error.
the same thing that make em wanna judge me...is the same thing that make him wanna luv me
Thanks for your mention.
Your twitter etiquitte is impeccable.
Regardless of when I get up to start my day, I'm still not ammorning person.
Yes, I used my seat warmer and my heater this morning.
I am not ashamed ;
Why does Chinese food taste better on cold, rainy nights?
try Bales's bacon maple.
let me get a little further in before I try to describe.
uses sneaky plot turns
Bobro what are you saying
Walking the streets of Lexington, VA and it starts snowing?
And the sun is shining?
Send me 100 words about Guetta.
Seriously.
Last night we picked up a Star Trek the Next Generation and Jurassic Park pinball machines.
Librarians are the only people who focus on failure when there is an opportunity.
thatmomentwhen you smile because you are thinking about that one person, and they smile because they are seeing you smile3
What are you doing to motivate  encourage yourself  affect the selftalk you have?
inspiration SeanLetwat
What would you do if you had a bad reader at an audition?
One last beer then home, good night good friends, dope industry ppl.
:
Listening to Director Mary Jean Jakubowski at Imagining Buffalo in the 21st Century series  what is a library?
RT : If u can't 'give YOURSELF away', God CAN'T USE YOU...I DIE, so that Christ may LIVE within ME...
people that matters: aren't the people you meet; it's the people who actually stay in your life.
Recruiting for several scanning /  indexing clerks for a 1 month project in DC, please contact me for more information!
Pho for dinner :
I hate how science is always making my smartphone hard to use.
READ MY MIND!
Not even gonna text me back?
Okay.
: Memphis so ratchet haha WE TAKE WHAT WE WANT NIGGA!
this nigga !
LMFAO !
I need help with my new Andoctorid phone.
How do you view music files you've uploaded to your phone?
Laying in bed watching Jeepers Creepers
did you write for AIA in late 70's?
Think you edited an article I wrote as USC student.
Good to see u doing well.
Love that devon is right down the street.
M, french toast and mimosa!
RT Thank you for your kind words!
Excited to continue working together!
that's so cool!
: Niall stop tweeting I'm trying to pay attention in class haha.
Bloomington bound!
Go Big Blue!!
Finally got my new phone everyone!!
I will live after all
: : SAT this mourning wish me luck let's go butta!
We in there letseat hell yea butta and we need
Immigration Voice is attempting to promote legislation that would alter the laws
oh?
very true.
I'll see what I can do tmmw.
and oh?
I see u fav my pic that was meant for u :
really?
do u have that video link?
ok...
so i feel like i have preety pictures but not exactly sexay ones!
lol so imma work on gettin sum sexy shots with in the next month.
Adele 3 Her Music Bores Me Sorry
Just downed my 6 meds.
Fun Fun Fun!
Sleep is inevitable soon, LOL!
'nite all...
Lakes ain't got enough for the clippers
Dude in front of me getting off plane has to personally shake the hands of all crew members before deplaning.
Weirdo.
I need someone to talk to
Wouldn't be an issue if I had cable.
Glorify God, the rest will come naturally.
shout out to
How can we offset merchdsg sales  raise tix prices for those games  oh wait........
7 more days of school left!
Cannot Wait for summer!
Excited for senior year.
Just came back from dinner with my dad.
Excellent people and food, as usual.
A director for Catching Fire has been chosen.
So excited to see who is picked for the cast!
True, but I did pick tall tales since I am creative.
If I have to talk about myself...I clam up!
Toastmasters will fix that!
S/O TO FOLLOW HIM
At the midnight premiere
This might be the worlds laziest twitter, 60 tweets in over 3 years?
: Golden Retriever puppies are stupid stupid cute.
Stupid.
I can't handle it.
testing today ;
Working out like a maniac!!
gonna go watch porn and masturbate .
jk im gonna go make some pizza and watch porn
i would say that's rude.
SO CLOSE
Didn't realize I had so many soccer fans on my list!
Just so you all know, last night my friends and I organized a game of indoor soccer!
ugh work later today
Already?!
You are awesome!
She's so evil, and she's only in highschool in jawbreaker....
so funny!
Almost done with this house, then off to my house to mow.
See you tonight!
: RT I'll be there tomorrow : 
dailyfeedback Guitar amp innovator, Jim Marshall died yesterday.
Send the best loudest guitar doctorven rock songs.
Results  4:20pm on 91.3fm
Imy to where ya been hiding
you can say ima fast typer!!
lol to type this lyrics fast lol
I'm also a sucker for a good infographic!
Of course u can DM me.
Cheers.
Go to Jackalope Lounj in Milwaukee to see : Word on the street is he's handing out free hugs!
At the Citadel 3 :
So I found out my cousin Thomas has the most goals in new York this year...
New job  Communications Manager Check the MAM newsletter for details or the CuyArts website
Tomorrow!
Awake venue with APLT, Mask The Wretch, and many other great bands.
Come!
well we can always go the zazzle route this weekend if we can't find a fit.
haha!
Paul Newman?
I like his fig newmans
why didn't they have al gore on there?
didn't he invent internet?
Rise and Shine back to the grind it's Monday lol.
Wats up?
Havent talked to you in a while..
Even if u have the plays it's nice to have them all in one package  it would make a great gift for a friends  fam!
RT.
: USA won the measure!
USA is now 23 onaroll curling //yay!
Keep it going!
ff witty, gorgeous and a breath if fresh air.
When can we walk?
I'm too young to be serious
WTF man.
Hagadone comes in serving softballs, and Jeanmar gets absolutely screwed.
What a waste of a great outing.
: me too!
How many followers do you have?!
well deserved!
Congratulations!
Any of my twitter friends own/operate a steadicam?
Would love to chat with you if so.
you hush!
RT RT : cool!....
Easter was great!
I WAS SO SLEEPY THIS MORNING lls!
good morning ...
I know I'm not perfect, but you're pretty fucked up too.
Thanks, I did check it out!!
I'm not at all upset on what just happened .
strawberries?
Getting ready for the chicago
When you have a minute, shoot me a call please
time to roll up
if that were me, I'd begin packing now
Oh okay then...
They can't all be Aaron Rodgers, now.....
;
Moments One Direction
Wish a ni99a wood Like a Tree in this Bytch..
Real ni99a wasaa
watching Key  Peele / check out this MadTV spinoff..
Kyle  Pete.
thanks, maybe I can bend one to work...could be a cool invention...saves  too!
ICanHonestlySay that my favorite sandwich at Arbys is the
My son is eating a jalapeocheese bagel topped with Nutella.
Power rangers united!
We all stand together.
No matter how low the mountains nor how sticky the cactus or even how slippery the tacos!
Nom
wantonly annotated twenty years ago when I was a student, that I routinely underlined for approval details and images and metaphors that
Valentine's Day is coming up.
Show your love for CU with your own I heart CU tshirt.
Hurry, quantities are limited....
Thanks!
Your Ex!
yupperz im gonna try to make itban official fan page so he'll follow it then us..
maybe
I wish we could visit eachother.
: I'm so far away from everyone besides :
RT Costs IRS 15 cents to process an electronically filed return.
A paper filing?
3.50.
That was a great conference.
Fired up and ready go.
Yall Sounding Real Fake With The Weaak Ass S/O 2 My lil Bro
Wish there was a quote I could use to sum my emotions at the moment
I hear 104!!!
Let's connect late next week.
ellen i love you..
you're my idol...
33333333333333333333333333333333333
what you doctornking on?
Sold out show with The Wombats at AR Music Bar tonight!
Hope to see you there!
i am integrating an ATS, but still have abt 50 emailing to get around black hole that wouldn't exist if they used the system.
Hi GRAM and GRAMPY
Finna Put Me And My Moma As My Avi..
I love the static in those pants, nice fashion expression indeed !
On it!
RT : sadly, there is no Lysol in Ireland.
You'll have to come pick me up in Cardiff...I hear there's a rift there.
Tom Barrett, other Democrats plan to canvass for votes, make phone calls across Wisconsin tonight
my eyes hurt so fricken bad
You know how it is BigFella...You either win or you loose.
Crying about Bad beats isn't going to get you a discount.
GL today!
Using hashtags used to seem retarded to me but since they are getting so common it is just like saying lol.
It's normal now.
enjoy your time at the Bellagio!!
life is rough!
Thanks, Jenn!
How's the application/search/general finishing of degree stuff going?
Soccer in 90 degree weather was definitely a good idea.
It was only the most I've played soccer in 3 or 4 years.
Sex is NICER than porn  you get that already?!
Man Overboard and MvC3.
Talk to me.
hey so when you coming back
Yes, at some point we have to use mastery/competency levels to serve all students best interests.
Beary bear with my brother!!:
I love emailing friends your advice columnhaving them reply,You made my day!.
Ordered 2 giant menorahs for the malls in Atlanta!
Spread the joy!
So not my day
no none of my uncles are teacherss loll:
Natty light and mimosas on the beach.
Good morning
We've officially won the contest to open for at their CD release show.
Details to come.
Thanks to everyone for your support
can't wait
No more bracess wow 
I think EVERYONE could use some encouragement now and then.
I feel like I get so much, the least I could do is pay it forward.
:
Love it RT : Just biked to work for the first time.
All extremities accounted for.
GREAT SUCCESS.
Hope the lakers go down....
Yucky poo.
I hate the Vet!
It is what it is.
Haha.
Okay : goodnight : Love you!
3
Just met w/a wonderful new friend on campus.
Great start to the weekend, but I wish I could add more hrs to today.
Deadlines coming soon.
Id jump infront of a train for you.
Really you would?
blush Nah i was just lying.
:D:D lmao...
Cough cough thats not funny Summer 3
Bulls  Heat game is better than WWF wrestling!!
Wtf is up with Degrassi girls using hair washing as an excuse?
I left my job 3 weeks before my daughter was born to start my own firm.
Does that count?
Logan Benish with a tworun double down the left field line on a 31 pitch pulls Mineral Point within 74.
Pitching change for Fennimore.
Tuesday Training Tip: Encourage your sales team to learn from their peers.
Consider setting up a mentor system for best results.
Let's move past write what you know.
Write what you want to seeit may take some work and research.
Can you please RT me for my 23rd birthday?
:
IHate giving people the wrong impression
When in dout dance your way out  words of the wise
lucky guy.
I'm sure he wants you too.
You've to been to NYC right?
Tired.....night
Up next on carlsononthelaw Beaverton Mayor Denny Doyle on
Labor Day Brunch if being served Monday from 9AM3PM.
cheers patty!
Mornting How's my TimeLine doing
Veep is such a good show.
I think tests, and homework are the most stupidest things ever invented.
myopinion 
irallstars Q.
I 3 talking to faculty, but I have 5000.
What do I do?
Royster: new faculty orientation is useful, physics professor' vitae.
tell her i miss her so much love her!
OK peeps, Steelers or Packers???
There can be only one!
look around and wake up!
Pretending were not it big trouble doesn't make the trouble go away
I think she has been living in London too long, picking up an accent.
I think it will be the same for CA!
This ruling is a remarkable step in bringing our justice system closer to justice!
The Duggars are going to have 20?
Really?
I can't wait for the episode when these kids want to wear jeans and doctornk beer.
Cheers to Friday!
No wait, cheers to everyday, and doing what you LOVE!
;
Listeners, please submit your show topic suggestions for upcoming episodes.
Hear Justin and Aaron battle it out on your topics next show!
Eating a burrito then going to a doctors appointment.
That's the way you are supposed to do it, right?
Man, that track looks like crap, but hopefully they will b able to race.
nascar 40 laps to go......
Randy rogers you made me cry
Just finished written Ph.D exams.
I will pass it on, thank you!
Im Bored As Shit, make my phone ring!.
I hate seeing girls trying to get  my boyfriend.
.
haha well i did!
thought u was in Charlotte?
Now I feel ily 
Nothing but horrible stories in the news.
Yay for bubbles!
this is randomly on Dakotas bornday thing, but u cant: she said how bouy tomorrow

Thank you for the motivation, Megan!
Sweet!
RT : Join on Monday to kick off AskaPro Week with a deep dive into the membership:...
Hoes Want Attention....Women Want Respect...!
nwpam11 loving 's tip on searching specific sites via google.
im up too early:/
lol im not working tonight :p cleaning up the casa
Can I ask how you know all those people from So Random!
???
These dudes toe nails next to me at the nail salon look like claws wth.
I have to stop staring

Uses code language to signal blacks to riot if Zimmerman is acquitted.
Says there will be extreme pain' in the black community
damn right!
Felt a little weird giving up my Idaho doctorvers license, this afternoon.
Weird, but good.
Awesome Job today a as always!
We had a great day at the Restaurant Show.
I'm lmao at that banana lol
It's a fake holiday...hurray!
lock your toilet seat
Happy Monday!
Thanks to a hug from my husband and smiles from my little girl, it is going to to be a great day.
Wishing you the same!
doctornk!
Whitney reference
the ones that my friend has awwe they are adorable
Prim reminds me of you.
It's like the author met you as a little girl and got inspired.
Ugh, outside Y U smell like barbecue!
I shouldn't eat that...
sadatforum professor Shibley Telhami moderates conversation on Egypt and Israel w/Zbigniew Brzezinski  Stephen Hadley
What the hell, Caps?
that's okay, I could always just walk down the street where there are a thousand coffee shops, or just go into the kitchen and ...
yay!
You keep telling me that!
Lol
Hey!
:D I'm bored, lmao.
What about you?
We talk so abstractly about poetry, because we are all bad poets.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
Hey guys!
Dont forget tonight is the night for our SEXY Art of Seduction Class!
be there 8:30!
Okay, I know it's still not St.
Patricks Day but, umm.....Happy St.
Patricks Day!
:
rack city btch rack rack city btch
says that Life without music, is like Spongebob without Patrick
Smoking Good BBQ just picked up another BBQ catering gig in Boise, summer is filling up fast, get your reservation now.

This life dnt last forever.
liveitup
And my job for the summer cookin bricks all in the kitchen
I'm a Denver native so I'm spoiled lol but Denver is Amazing!
Snow storm one day and running in shorts the next LOL
I'm working at the hollister down here!
Haha.
Actually, I'm at work right now :P
6509 SUP reset in production last night, another parity error:
thatcamp at aha2012.
Interesting discussion on What is Digital History.
Dang man don't even talk to me no more
Reality check: NCUC cofounder reminds ICANN Whois Reveiw Team that whois data is about surveillance of users and not consumer protection.
mona said its cuz hanna was her only friend and spencer, aria and emily basically stole hanna from her.
monas in a mental home.
great stuff!!
headed back to the Burgh, but had a very productive week at
Thanks for the suggestion!
: So many doctorwSomething requests, so little time!!!
that's life for the Kreks this week.
Haha
Marijuana...cocaine...heroine....
That's boring.
One of my fav quotes EVER!
Speaks volumes to who I am...
Seduce my mind and you can have my body, find my soul and I'm yours forever...
How many wins you think it could cost the Saints next season?
tonight I have a dinner but will be out tomorrow night  Iets try to have wine.
I'll DM you deets.
Crazy Crazy :P
God Is On My Side When No One Else Is
Hey Ato, thanks for the follow.
Hope all is well and your NFL doctorft guys did well this year.
Maybe I'll see you in London.
Props to IL Gov Pat Quinn for riding the gree line to override the bad advice Joe Biden gave about bashing mass transit.
deliberately missing your point?
Nah.
This is the internet.
Serious business.
I'd never conduct myself like that..
6 free movie tickets at Arclight...
me so happy!!
if I remember correctly, today is your big day?
I remember thinking it was your golden birthday.
It is what it is, and it sure is what it is not!
Thank you!
More please!
gotta stop staying at his house .
.
i'm not tryna be a happy mother's day recipient
SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet..
Will that SOMEDAY be now?
3 8
: WOW!
: Colts and Manning will part ways, per team sources NFL32to the jets?
BIG THANKS TO for the shout outs and the cross promotion!
You guys are the best  Wanting to see you in concert soon  .
ENKG STILL RUNNING!!!
YESTERDAY'S GAIN 1200
48fps...
High def...
4k...
Etc...
Audiences are simply not use to it yet.
Our grandkids will be, and they'll think 24fps is bad.
Who ARE you?
Reveal yourself!
you are a sexy and talented woman with a natural ease and playfulness!
It is always a joy to work with you!
Committee, city and donors are working to bring Christmas lights to downtown ...
Abilene Recorder Chronicle Committee, city and donors
And the site is derping again.
Yay for inconvenient web hosting downtime.
Create an email with 60 text and 40 graphics.
Great advice from !
fingers crossed for some US shows.
Seattle is only 2 hours south u kno...
Yeah man, one of the best in game allyoops I've ever seen
Before cell phones, did people in this town just sit and stare into space all day?
Headed to Myrtle Beach...
this will be my first experience recruiting in the Dirty South....leggoo
Thanks for the retweet!
I love reading these kid letters.
Too cute.
Tina decker: employee engagement is so correlated with business performance, it can PREDICT metrics
So my sister's game got called because the other team threatened the ump?
That's Penn Hills for you....
So what if I'm jerking myself off?
looking good on the national broadcast there mister.
OH on the livestream of MayDay protests: The revolution will not be televised!
But you are being televised.
WhenImBored I sleep :
haha very funny Liam ;
hahaha omg too funny!
of course i forgot you were lightskinned!
lmbo!
RT : Act as if what you do makes a difference.
It does.
William James
thnx for following me
This line for free Rita's is of Biblical proportions!
About time that Zimmerman got arrested and charged...
now hopefully justice will be served.
woke up before my alarm at 6am ...
too excited to work on to sleep!
El rodeo
I love the feeling when i'm on the elevator and my Beats are so loud that eveyone starts bumping to my music lol
Remember, pain is inevitable, suffering is optional  Neale Donald Walsh
that's cool .
If your ever coming back we shall have to do lunch or dinner.
Twitter said to be wary of your account sending DMs on its own.
The only thing our account does on its own is give creepy back rubs
My father is ridiculous.
Nipple to nipple hugs.
Where does doctoram up this radio gold?
Tammy baldwins so liberal that nancy pelosi has to turn to the left to talk to her  thompson
I'll come now  where u at
Hey hey DK!
Keep filling out those Fall Floor Feedback Dorms!
They really help.
So far DKB1 has the most responses!
RT : Want a shout out from one of the Top 17?
Tweet us who using XFShoutOut and stay tuned to see if you're picked!
i hate when my pet unicorn is yelling at me for no apparent reason....just sayin :
All good and Happy Friday!!
Night owls!
What is up?!
Let's talk!?
: how is everyone doing?
omfg that just ruined my day those were my favorite dudes
Fuck it keep his ass locked up !
, jp love yu lil bro!
Rusher challenge: Make a Call Me Maybe video of yourself to make feel better!
Ha!
At this conversation with
great...
Thats all that matters.
every morning i hav been wake up to love
Awe your so sweet
Brah, I just strained my big toe.
May need surgery.
Winter term is nearly done, so I think I'm gonna start using Twitter again...!
its the perfect size for a Sunday Funday in Fed Hill!
See you soon!
Fedhill bigacups
fuck it starting next week after school I'm swimming.
: who does think she is not following nobody on instagram lol better follow me 
Ugly rumor has been quashed.
Everybody is lovong my song I wanna Go....
This is the second time I've had ice cream in my freezer...and I've lived in this apt.
for 8 months.
I will resist the siren song...
Which part of my body is your favorite?
And why?
awh i'm sorry about that /3 are you better now?
confession I want to start dating!
I haven't dated in over 8 months too fuckin long!!!
why would you tell people you are a poker professorssional at the table?
PARTY FUCKIN' TIME!
you look like zac efron.
Props :
Thoughts on getting a cheap, used car for first car?
3 RT : Now playing on ASOT 11.
feat.
ft Keep Your Secrets
I will stand by my prediction that ND wins 9 games this yr and finishes ranked around 15
o' yes
Just being an observer there was enough for me.
Though I did see the cutest larval human going home with mom and dad too.
Just finished Paul Alexanders boffo bio of JD Salinger Read who dumped JD to marry Charley Chaplin.
follow back?
: For all that is good in this world, please don't friendzone this guy.
Hahahaha ..
but all I have is a friend zone
Ain't nothing wrong with doctoraming.
Omfg in starving ,  I'm not even finish my hair 
Thanks for following!
Watch for our new video tomorrow!
Just got back from Disneyland.
What's up with Bay Area weather?
Isn't it almost summer?
Good Morning Everybody
I have a CoH account the global is Witty Librarian, I'm usually on Champion server but I have alts everywhere.
5pm Friday and I'm at the eye doctor.
What was I thinking when I scheduled this?
The plus side is that my eye doc is awesome.
My bad 70.
This is third Baseball game selection we had this year, that our team has won by 7 or more runs, and this is just the first week
I crashed out when I got home...
I thought I could hang lol
how was your day ?:
Great weather for today's Badger football game!
Who do they play?
GO BUCKY!
WHAT THE HELL DOES 'doctorP THE BALL MEAN'?
THE HEAALL
I was listening to pandora while I was getting doctorss  they busted out w/ billie jean lol !
Your coffee is hot when you would rather spit it all over your lap and gym clothes.
We've lost our one of those weird plastic things that put labels on CDs.
You know those things?
with springs inside?
Ours is gone.
umm actually i dont...
but thank you:
I want to know if you can see beauty, even when it's not pretty every day, and if you can source your own life from its presence.
Oriah

RT STAMPEDNFAMILY WILL BE AT THOWBACK TONIGHT 2 BRING IN THE NEWYEARS COME JOIN US ITS GOING 2 BE ONE U WONT FORGET !!!!!!
glad you agree, are we gunna roll Sunday or just eel out a win?
nobody tweets me or notices me famous or not :/ I'm a loner
Did you know that an alpha level of .05 in a research study indicates that the results obtained could only occur 1 in 20 times by chance?
how come the turnerclassicmovies channel can run w/o commercials?
what do they know that all of the other channels out there don't?
My neighbors are all guys  they come out whenever I smoke bowls on my balcony  hello my fellow smokesmen 
Okay, cool
The block is hot!!
i think i'm ready.
Great to see w/ a bogeyfree 7under to take the lead at the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Enthusiasm glows, radiates, permeates and immediately captainres everyone's interest.
Paul J.
Meyer
On the Super Shuttle to the Vinoy!
Chatty doctorver.
: its all good boo.
The food here is pretty tasty!
how's your lunch?
Lucky for one of us.
Im not too impressed
Whatever is blooming right now?
I hate it.
I hate it a lot.
: Holy temperature change Batman!
I was cold in my coat at lunch and now it's 73!
Made for a great night run!
WhenAustin posted the first video on Shoot Us Down.
is brought to you by TheNewWave net or phone.
I've been down this road...
TV mogul39;s boxing gym aims for US Olympic glory
that's a more positive way to say it.....
Sittin up playing the PS3 for now.
UH i think the whole of england is here in the US .....now i just need some up in here
You know you're in Texas when: there are cows  'scuse me, steer  across from the hotel/office park.
thanks so much!
glad you like it!!
:
Failing does not make you a failure, says Watch our NEW SHOW My Big Fat Failure Feb 26th, 9pm on
My travels have taken me through TN, MS, KY, GA and WV.
Anthony Bourdain couldn't have done it better.
Headed home
u have inspired alot of music
RT : balling' bowlerina grrls bringing it down for abortion access!
I've been ROCKING on your tunes the whole week 3
your welcome :
10FactsAboutMe 8 I love dancing w/ ladies that know how to dance or can follow.If you have no rhythm, I'll make up an excuse not to dance.
false, starwars battlefront
Looks like OccupyCville is supporting todayMadison hall, noon.
The Atman in you is the same as the supreme allpervading Reality.
macaroons are delicious.
Super jealous you are in paris
airport locating troubles?
Brian Clay is at the coffee shop I'm at!
Score!!!!
I hurt myself today to see if I still feel
Here, I'm beaming you and extra couple stars 
thank you!
RT : If each person were to reuse a paper shopping bag for just one trip to the store, we could save almost 60,000 trees....
Hope you guys have a great weekend!
See you on Monday!
Can't wait til y'all see this!
;
oh!
Very nice!
is all that and a bag of chips lmao!
Ow!
Sounds painful all the same!
Happy National Nurses Week!
Do you have a nurse you want to thank?
American Nurses Association
Should sex offenders have Toddlers  Tiaras blocked from there cable?
: I love you back.President Obama oh my gosh!!!!
THE PREZ JUST TWEETED ME!
Woohoo!
Rose Bowl/BCS NC or bust!
barkley4heisman : Merry Christmas to the Trojan Family!
Santa Barkley says, 'Fight on!'
Someone sprayed on way too much doctorkkar or jean Paul
you can only put it once in every post just do that and we can keep trying
Obama vs Cain?
Searching for the perfect doctorss to wear to the Miss International Pageant in July!!
Any suggestions?
: 
this fucking door.
Worst day I've had in a while.
Still got so much to be thankful for though.
Thanks!
A great milestone.
Next up: web sales!
I was a cold dude, I'm gettin back to my ways
ALARM SET: 6.5 hours until the 1 YEAR ANNIVERSARY show of on the Habs Go 2011!
Sorry to read about your sister.
Safe travels.
Murray  faster WorldCat growth in licensed and digital than bibliographic records
Marb reds with and
guess program coulda existed without Belafonte, but it does remind that we never fully know what our actions will generate.
TILTS2011 Chris Ortiz y Prentice: Ray Muzyka, founder and CEO of Bioware calls Mass Effect Third Person authored experience
lol well said it was so...;
Packers 35, Bears 17 PackersBears final?
RT June luncheon is giving me the inside scoop on Google!
Had Pakistani last night at Mirsch Masala.
Really good stuff.
Best kheer I've ever had.
V.
attentive servicewe were only table.
Planning to go grab lunch at Phoenicia for lunch today.
Anyone want to join me?
When your hungry , but your to lazy to make food 
Just went past 50 twitter followers!
Thanks to everyone for the support!
Next weekend at this time...
Pearl Jam will be about to take the stage!!!!
Can't frickin' wait!!!
Good show tonight Great crowd, let's see if the Working Man shows up?
Come show us.some love!
agreed.
Sorry, was not too helpful!
Aw man, that's so far away ;
Words of the Father to Jeremiah, Before I formed you in your mother's belly I knew you.
Destiny is an innate characteristic!
Live it out!
Good luck.
Study well.
GR/G calls a timeout with 2:29 remaining and still down a goal.
Should be an exciting finish!
Proud to work at Dell RT 28 yrs ago w/1000, instead of studying for finals my fresh year at the Univ of Texas, I started Dell.
Hey Zoe!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
missing my kids gotta say thats the worst feeling in the world
When giving your all to a person isn't good enough, then throw your hands up and say fuck it, at least I tried ...Then Keep it moving
You are too sweet!!!
Thank you!
So glad to meet you too.
He had no idea how to use it.
I had to help him out.
Cute as hell, but doesn't speak english.
damn.
Welcome To New York is the anwer New Yorkers give for everything....wow what a welcome
Mary Mack as in Mary Mack marry me?
Success is a game.
The more you play the more you win.
The more you win the more successfully you can play the game!!!
The friendship between copper and tod in the fox and the hound
This year, for the Holidays, try to forgive someone.
My doctoram is that someday you'll get in there.
This used to be a funhouse.
Now it's full of evil clowns.
Shit Now I follow U So We Can Keep In Touch
Some great feedback to kick off our week: User 1: They actually make you feel that the feedback youre providing is useful and helpful!
Started at 65lbs of fat, now at 58 and have lost 13 lbs overall since the Superbowl.
Still want to lose 40 lbs overall.
Fun game day.
I survived 8 days in a lifeboat, beat everyone up in a kung fu brawl, got the most apples, and created the best pirate movie.
The childoctorns show: Coloring Outside The Lines on Saturday 12/10 has been cancelled.
More information about its return coming soon.
hot bubble bath and I will be his personal loofah!
;
Canada has its own thanksgiving and football league, they should take their band back too.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
wish I could help with that...;
The guy in front of me buying a membership makes me really appreciate my cool ass friends.
What a douche.
Hi Oprah!
I wrote a pilot with OWN in mind.
Would you BE interested in reading it?
I haven't tried your product yet but would love to check it out for
Critics are out in force against new final cut pro X.
I want to try it out  see 4 my self.
FCP7 is old but works.
Random guy in the deli asked if I had a child.
we need to get us one of those at unicornplanet cc:
Our company www.apinsights.info will be offer video service for anyone in the Phoenix Area...
very reasonable prices...
Just found out are coming back to DC on 6/1.
Just bought my tix.
Who's coming with me?
Lantern lights are pweetty
So gone off this alch..
Im done with april fools....
rlly a HERO?!?
i guess u guys nvr met a firefighter or doctors or any1 who risk there lives for us evryday!!
I'm awake.
Woof.
Don't know wth they doin at Southwest
Seriously people being immature is not attractive...it isn't.
use overnight prints...
Save yourself about 70percent!
Very good quality
Good morning!
Start your day off with a Tampico smoothie!
:
iwas on the bus leave ....
doctoroling smh
wel my guy is gone!!!!!
screw him!!!!!he don't love me!
love hurts!
love is a pain in my A!
sorry if i have affended any of you!
DHC was founded in 1996 on a bar napkin
Lol I still don't believe you're old.
:p Old is like senior.
Oh no, the other night when I missed work.
I'm nice  healthy :
You take care of yourself too my friend.
Hope all is good your way!
Stay warm!
:
Perfect start to the weekend readingnew issue of
It's a BOGO Thursday!
Buy One Slice of Dark Mousse Cake and Get a Second One FREE!
Just let us know you saw it on Twitter!
that ain't right, skip.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living.
The world owes you nothing.
It was here first.Mark Twain
I may not get everything I want but I know when I set my mind to it I can reach any goal I want.
That Robinson guy is a total douche.
Great Family Day watching SU football dominate and visiting with my absolutely awesome son!
love you!
Does James Bond 007 count?
Flemming?
lets make a toast!
It only has 160 calories!
!!
Who:
really hates when someone tells you one thing, then treats you completely differently
Vinnie Pestano has a ton of movement on his fastball.
that was an awesome first album purchase.
Miss MJ so much...
Pulitzer Prize board now accepting online nominations.
Welcome to the 21st century.
Just submitted audition for a feature film....
dawkins at uw: if cheetah  gazelle equally designed  whose side is designer on??
LOL
What do you listen to when you need to get your blood pumping?
I'm currently rocking Havoc.
Can't beat metal with bagpipes!
doctorke ft.
Lil Wayne HYFR .
on repeat.
;
Whoever finds the secret skrillex show first wins
Everybody want to make money, its perhaps the best moneymaking opportunity of any kind, for the least time investment required
This guy said he would trade me an 85 toyota supra and a 85 944 porsche for my EK.
should I do it?
Challenge accepted!
:
I JUST WANNA LAY IN MY BED!
Fisheries workers anxious about relocation news
Nobody satisfies me.
Ron Paul.
Can't wait to see the videos that come from THAT gem of a soundbite.
the best.
RT : Even when I'm old and grey, I won't be able to play it, but I'll still love the game.
Michael Jordan
just let me lay here in the sun...until my doctoram is done...
If you dont know where you are going, youll end up someplace else.
Yogi Berra Plan to make your day a success!
WATEVR, RT: i was on the phone with jacob.
x
Yes.
2 copies.
Poor Tim Tebow...
somebody get that man a Burrito...
Death leaves a hrtache no 1 can heal, love leaves a memory no 1 can steal.
You'll cont 2b d STAR he always knew U ARE!!!
its reb lobster time with
You should just list the teams that you don't need bloggers for.
Follow us on facebook for more upcoming events in Las Vegas
I'm up early:
howard Putnam  When egos and excessive growth prevail, even the best organizations will fail
I hit u up today
Wow.
Join you in praying for family and friends.
So weird that his professorle is still posting.
You should see it!
It's awesome.
Thanks for the s/o!
Oh yeah?
You wanna step out of the giant robot and say that again?
turn up means load ur body with substances.
I will be watching ur game.
Sober.
I hope that u r sober..
finished the book Lost Childoctorn...
sad to read how childoctorn were used as pawns, spoils of war, and treated as property following wars.
soon it will be Yahoo?
Can't wait!
Summer is SO BORING
I agree with that many lefties to face.
And an 02 curve ball to Wieters with a runner on 3rd.
I blame Melvin.
I can forgive myself for what I have done wrong, what I have done badly and what I think I could have done better.
We fight over stupid things but at the end of the day, we know we love eachother 3
Dubuque I full of bars and churches lol
Should call her but she probably occupied.???
We are closed in the evening but you can always come in and grab some food to go!
Thanking God right this moment for sending that miracle to me this afternoon.
:
thank you :
Also on facebook at Grave site care
Change your SUI rates before you run the first payroll of 2011!
Nevada annual cap has gone down 400 but many employer rates are up!
Are we all suppose to be dumb enough to overlook that or not realize it's a plant.
My 1st thought, Who paid her?
This is the only one that I can remember, but it's a lot of wordplay when it's not general silliness.
: DITTO RT: what do you know that others don't about social media?
so greenishD and so beautiful
is being extra emo today and has turned my twitter front page into a very dark place.
Florida is shooting 70.....
From three point range!!!!!!
Who fkn cares!
BE YOU!
Simple as that.
Everyone knows being someone you're not is just a life with only lies.
Don't be that fake person..
wheeeeee!
my wine arrived today.
tonight shall be tasty!
What I use my phone for : texting, talking and pretending that I'm texting someone when I'm in awkwards situations.
Im not in this world to live up to your expectations and youre not in this world to live up to mine.
its normal.
Some of us just feel responsible for the survival of our species, but were all lesbians
I'm sls as I look at ALL my pics now postin
i hope doing doing ok Renee please stay strong i love you
Alpaca Mexico, what?
FloRida SMASH.
Rev Al Sharpton Know in his Own Religious Book.
the Bible Lev.
20:13 man lay with man, woman lay with woman says it a Abomination!
wishing your computer the best!
how is it feeling today
: I wanna shoot a music video this week
2nite, will hold a public hearing at 6pm to hear from the new 2012 charter applicants.
Mtg at Rosario PCS 1100 Harvard Street, NW
Lololol , You dig everything x !
o wow I'm about to see what they are saying online.
Thanks Andoctora!
made me look GOOD.
Scott Walker for President
No Lie!
Obligatory DONE with year 2 of 5 Ph.D.
school years tweet!
A FANCY communion!
Great show Madonna
haha, working on it!
when do the picks come out?
frozenchosen, official church member :
NewDirections win Nationals!!!!!
Life is good!!!!!!!
is the best.
FREE PIZZA HUT LARGE ANY TOPPINGS Call 1888Yourmomm
i love you ,you is my life
Thanks  We're excited to continue delivering for our clients and continue our growth!
Lol good luck to him in getting a contract extension.
He's hurting himself by acting like a douche.
Thanks  you too!
Where were you when my walls came falling down?
so much fun today.......
and im tired lol
Chocolate milk rules.
Tonight: 2 rounds of LA trivia!
4PM , 7PM in Boyle Heights.
A shuttle bus leaves Westwood :45PM to BH, then back :45.
I didn't know was tatted up.
Sick ink fam.
: Good luck to my homie on his 1st marathon today!
OwnChicago  love.
I love that place and I love your photography.
What a perfect collaboration.
Ugh!
Now you're freaking me out.
You know it brother!
How hard is it to make sure a plane is a flight worthy before boarding?
Peeps be flying for 100 years now!
sounds like an eternity!
Good luck :
Ya known sometimes some people are just to cool to text you back, GoPlankInTraffic ....yes im bringing that shit back up.
It was nice meeting you tonight.
Thanks for the autograph!
Need to make a list of new goals for my academic future, brutally realistic goals, goals that dont require a massive retirement of tenureds.
excellent preso on wealth management.
Not enough athletes understand where they matter,  how to maintain their brand's investments
how doctornk were you?
He didn't grin the Xbox copy is for the Clan Leader bwahhhaaaa
You probably referring to Inside the Circle or Planet BBoy.
They both came out last year.
Thanks..I am in love with
Kaha signed with Agency Models today!!
Congratulations!!!!!!!
Calling all friends/fans ...
Can u help me get views on this video 2 help raise money 4 orphan childoctorn?
Deadline 4/1
Austin was giving a concert,he couldn't stop thinking about you.
so he took a plane back to you and said I die without you, come with me3
Who needs publishers?
Double Fine's kickstarter project got funded within half a day!
oh, taco tuesday.
you win.
haha it's the only sport I like where my team wins sometimes.
cannot believe the number of peeps gunning hard for the RedBull perk.
: Can not wait for Vegas in 3 weeks n get the Fuk up outta here get out
who is that girl by you???
Congratulations!
Well deserved.Great read.
don't remember exact dates.
i know it will be a saturdaywednesday.
i can find out tomorrow.
:
I do get down on some love crimes

One Life Not Wasted
you a trill nigga put ya mutha fuckin hands up
asdfghjklkjhgvcxzxcbnmjkiuytrewertyujhnbv,i hate my life.I just wanna go to arlington.omg.ugggghhh
i didn't realize you are here  hope you are having a great time!
He has great music 
Join me in contacting our representatives to oppose SOPA and
cleveland fans are Haters LOL
It's easy.
You post stuff, I make fun of you.
: If there's any question as to why my playoff beard is filled with gray: the NJDevils.mines from bryz
I am searching for more Salsa dancers to follow.
Any recommendations?
I just hated washing all those damn dishes
Oh snap, audition was cancelled!
Change of plans today.
26 Also a son was born to Seth, and he called his name Enos; then men began to examine the nature of Jehovah.
I really wish I had 2 dimples
Hey Twitter follow my sister
People change.
Memories don't.
thx I'm good just been working hella hrs
sweet!
we only need it for a few hours to pick up a grill.
Then I cook meat and watch game of thrones!
Help!
What's a tall Starbucks cost in your nabe?
In Times Square it's 1.85 w tax, 2.01 w/o.
Cheaper in Brooklyn, NY suburbs.
good woman!
:
I'm usually not a fan of those sites, often have too much parallax and feels choppy.
But this one has a nice balance.
Beyonce  Dance For You
: SPOTTED: Josh Beckett sneaking out of Fenway Park carrying a golf bag.
With a 6pack of Bud and a bucket of popeye's chicken
aintnothingsexyabout men wearing their pants off they ass especially if its skinny jeans.
I remember you!
:
blahh I may know otherwise
please follow me nick:
I've had my eye on them for awhile.
So I have two choices...get a pair of shoes that match the doctorss I have or new both.
:/
Awesome job...blown away with the customer service, now where to stay for 5 stays to get my status back...THANKS!
At the top of the show will be all Bobby Arkansas got exactly what they deserve
At least half of the men I know act like they need a cigarette after they watch a showy lightning storm.
RT : My twitter.......so i say what the fuck i want lol
I dare you to click my follow button!
:
my fav part of the day
Just this side of the event horizon.
: RT : where are you??
Great!
We will take a look.
Good night Mike.
Did we really just HA at this?
RT : wooWOOF How did the dog make gold soup?
A.
He put in 24 carrots.
RT : Anyone know a site to watch the game online!?
You ask with 2 min left....
thanks for the suggestion!
We'll keep it in mind for next musicmonday!
met the German scholars
Going to walmart, at midnight tonight!!!!!!!!
Cuz tomorrows the 13th: Awesome Job justin :
I keep up with u 2 Inside Edition n be careful n the ur SUV the 210 doctorps the local Resident Vine Hollywood Arclight
And its your baby
Gotta stop thinking everyone on my run has some evil plan to try  hurt me.
Too much
I just wanna sleep!!
Wash St gets Leach, Nogales University gets RichRod, ASU gets Dennis Ericson with no rings and a higher salary
does anyone take this guy seriously?
I can tell from all the way over here that's complete bullshit.
One of Rodoctorguez's best!
I may sound freaken desperate but I want a bf already haha.
That's awesome!
Mandolin is SO much fun!
There's a bunch of lesson tutorials on Youtube too that you can check out too.
tweetyourweight 174.0  Owwww.
My knee's so swollen today I feel like
troy!
my tweets are invisible to you !
:'c
Its a Cat Stevens lunch kind of day.
Crybabyhattan.
I got leggings for my outfit tomorrow so I don't have to shave my legs
Shoutout to our guys who played in the AllAmerican Championship this weekend in NOLA.
Tune into ESPNU now to watch the games.
Johnnys in the basement mixing up the medicine.
Im on the pavement thinking about the government.
just started following , this is going to be fun
we are about to send you the info in a direct message.
Congrats, Jay!
I totally thought you were referring to rigging a few tweets ago!
tied it tie it up
Um.....how am I spelling THAT???
lol
Great win tonight!
Fmisterseason tix holder, just moved to nyc.
My last game was LeQuit in the playoffs.
First/only game I left early.
FML I have nothing to doctornk for lunch now 
On this weeks Veep, the president is worried about what the VP will say on Meet The Press, surely that never happens in real life.
Sugar Shane looks like Manny Fresh!!!!!
Lol
lmao.
That's a good one!
thanks so much!
glad you liked it!
Greene County Sheriff Winner: Steven Smith
Who's ready for summer?
Ik I am
On St.
Charles Ave in NOLA, waiting on the Mardi Gras parade to start!
:D
I think you do a good job integrating it.
Sexposition, to me, is about noticing, not taking for granted 1/2
Could u do some flyers for me Friday??
yay!
U should write a post!
Can the Chinese government pirate you plans for censorship inside the US or will you sue them as well?
sopa mpaa3chinesefirewall
all i do is listen booboo
Nowak: We've been honest from the beginning about this with Danny.
Pets need love on this day also, be nice to a precious animal today.
See ya next time Vegas.
It's been fun.
We're not going over there and I made the plans and we said you brain and amber you are invited bbygurl
Knuckleheads TONIGHT !!!
wah 'happen your champagne bottle?
The sophisticated analysis of the contest has begun...analyzing...analyzing...
hey, check us out!
we're new to vegas.
You can download our new cd for free once you find out how much you like it :
dude searching for road beef
Kim Kardashian is reportedly thinking about running for MAYOR of Glendale, CA.
I'm now convinced we live in an alternate universe.
Aw, Ive Been Praying For You 3 Why Wont They Just Listen To You?
oh I through u was wat do you do lol
Baby my cash money!
LOL
haha.
Last energy doctornk I had was Red Bull about 8 years ago...
Now I remember why I deleted last time, I never use twitter!
Daily: Libs fill gap between low home bband adoption and high demand  provide training/support.
tinyurl.com/23amdbf
The 3 Cs of life: choices, chances, and changes.
You must make a choice to take a chance or your life will never change
I need it...its my medicine....
i love following you but i cant understand japanese
4 words: Secret Service  Advanced Interrogation
I don't know where you going, but get yourself back hoOome!!
studying at Mckinley Library, just discovered bouncy ball.
Hm...
I'm one video camera away from bouncy ball meets library
The shit that entertains me always leave me hanging
I've done enough soldering.
Were using assembly.
I'm so optimistic that you'll return to Seattle to be on our hackingedu TV show, that I'm already writing your intro script....
RT It's time I took this exercise thing more serious, let the healthy diet begin.
About to order some breakfast....
Fuck needing saving I'm saving myself and fuck a a man I got myself
Very excited to hear from at
That's why Obama is having problems w/Israel.
Run by rightwing answer to George W.
Bush.
They want war.
Can't get thru to them.
please meet my friend , a musician and dancer.
She is new to twitter but was on
TimTebow this...
Tim Tebow that...
ImSickOfIt AaronRodgers is the best QB in football right now, definitely not him.
i would take that as a compliment...
buy a leather jacket
I know!
: Do I have a V.I.P.
seat at Isiah Carey Day??
I will bring the Pringles.
He got the fever for da flava!
Only six more Mondays in the school year
yeah m always suck nd i knew it :P
I hate when you pin something on Pinterest before you realize the captainon is really lame
Technically, he was detained and the police don't plan on charging him with anything.
bro u need to come to my lab sometime
When they say you dont know what you have till its gone.
Its hella ture
A4: I find those terms very dangerous in my work.
It makes true alcoholics think that they can just cut back and control
Ugh!
fell asleep, I'm not even tired, what the hell am I gonna do?!!
Did you order online?
not feeling good, like always...
doctors next week hopefully.
Hee!
My library is no fun.
We only have call numbers on our signs.
Things get worse before they get better.
Good day today.
Thank you 3
no way!
I never stopped believing
It's such a beautiful day outside Chicago.
Hope you're showing your mom's some love.
Thanks for the congrats and sharing the news via PRSA.
Look forward to seeing you at next month's meeting!
Thanks guys!
Hope you have a great weekend!
Just relax.
Every little thing..is gonna be alright  lol!
Good luck on AP Spanish tomorrow :
yes I was tweeting from the elevator I was stuck in for 40 mins or so!
Ugh
Join the Washington Wizards for a scrimmage and fan appreciation day this Saturday at the Verizon Center 6 PM
Breaks are always too short!!
Is Beyonce pregnant!?
I think so that was a hint when she performed ayyee
Husband Shoots and Kills Son and SisterInLaws for Feeding His CancerStricken Wife Tea and Toast Instead of an Orange 
www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic featured in Texas Two Groove Music Blog!
I'm extremely jealous and you better be taking lots of photos.
How are you feeling?
Earl Ray Tomblin, candidate of manwhokilledosama ?
A storm is coming.
...
from the ending of The Terminator :
Hey I just tweeted you, And this is crazy, But here's some cake, So eat it maybe?
:
LeBron doing a very good job on Danny Granger...
goodbye dingO
Its rough to work so hard and toward something and nothing comes from it its like pastor troy said Im running forr nothin
I want to be a professorssional twitterer, anybody hiring?
VP of Tweets?
Anybody?
Normal art liberates the emotions.
Fine art liberates the spirit.
S.H.
Sharpe
The Rays have officially ran out of gas.
Oh yes.
No release date planned just yet, but it is underway.
5 minutes into an interview call and you think ..
this dude is awesome!
How often does that happen?
Kaya Henderson, Chancellor of DCPS, is now up for the budget testimony
This lady I this train STANK so damn bad..!!!!!
I should tell her...
Or is that rude?
Had a good day after all.
Thank u friends.
Good night
My Producer RickDean Has a Buffett song I wrote Angel of Mercy If your looking for an IT song give me a shout I will get it 2U
I love you buddy even if mean doesn't
: Those random moods when you just want to kill everyone for no apparent reason.
feelin like this today.
You will act like the sort of person you conceive yourself to be Maxwell Maltz
Happy Administrative professorssionals Day!
Thank you to all of our great staff members who make us look good!
i'll be just getting home from vacation but if i'm still kickin' i'm down  let me know where!
let's see if it was really scary as the the directors said or boring, waste of money as people said
RT : I just want to say that is what I aspire to be.
Can it just be April 19th already??
Kids hand swallowed by a vending machine.
Ouch.
Lol.
How's GH treating you?
omg.Why me?
hope all gets on a better track greg,,
Let's go boys one quarter left!
Is this how to be a pussy 101?
You might as well take notes.
: I'm tired of a lot of stuff in the world, I'm moving to the moon when I turn 18.Ain't No Stores There
Crank rocking out tonight 10pm.
Check it out!
cleveland is fun.
Love seeing the Steelers Kick the Browns ass.
never been to indy
you gotta get my sister to think like that ;
Juss doctorma bs and heartbreak :
'The wind keeps telling us something / we want to pass on to the world: / Even far things are real.'  William Stafford.
I think it will be a great conference but I just couldn't justify the cost of attending.
I assume you are there?
The pupil is the point in which light enters the eye and results in the mind conjuring an image.
Three Weeks  still no word frm interviewee on corp approval 4 coms re USCricket.
1 week was word.
Now no answer 2 emails
I googled how to hard boil eggs.
Lol.
I so don't cook.
Why am I jus now laying down to sleep at 606am?
Because its only 3am in VEGASBABY  TATI was having a blast!
...hope 2 b up by noon.
Lol
Believes should do an exhibit on beards of history, especially since they have a piece of the Sphinx's beard!
I just want you  that's all I need
I'll kick you square in the taco.
:
Ladies and Gentlemen Welcome to New London Clothing Co.
Yes, I was reading ur mind.
:
Bard can't find the strike zone at all!
Y'all lowkey old though.
damn
That is my preference as well but I hate missing class and idk if id be able to get myself up
Don't get lost in thought; you'll be a total stranger there.
exactly.
There is a story behind it.
The history, the journey of Polivia...
Don't get me wrong, I love it when it rains.
I just hate when it hails, rains  thunders.
Saturday school tomorrow..
Fuck gotta go to bed.
/:
i can understand...ugh..lol..
Thanks for the follow : miss you!
We've got your new training partner: The Forerunner 910XT provides GPSenabled metrics for swim, running and cycling all in one!
Much more confident feeling in Boston this year before Game 7 of 1st round.
What a difference a year makes.
im lost?
Thanks!
It really does feel great!
because I like good music
weight wise or calories?.
'll be interviewed by Guy Raz on NPR's Weekend All Things Considered this Saturday, at 5pm!
Wow.
Kind of nervous.
thanks for the retweet!
Eat simply!
Recipes r cool, but the more complicated  time consuming, the more likely you'll hit fast food!
FF Follow these awesome people!
Why is it inevitable for me to avoid spilling coffee on some part of my body, always?
Another announcement tomorrow at 7am  stay tuned!
Love the video Chimney, this better become a series :D
hey omg i love your music so much no lie.
it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no joke.
Enjoy your dinner!!
:D RT : were at monicals now.
What is your favorite FB contest?
Would like to get some more ideas!
DM me Thanks!
wait, that's not irony.
to tell you the truth, i dont remember ma lol, jus makin small talk, how ya day goin for you
Check with your local stores that carry costumes early to ensure you are able to get your costume
glass cloud.
Fuck yes.
Ah, Google no longer invitationonly.
Thus the blue arrow.
But it's a Netflixlevel promotional err for those who already have it.
MentionYourCrush don't really have one anymore :/
people reading a book at coffee at the only table with an outlet.
Great meeting you, too!
rbs11 uses evocative phrases for digital glunk hiding on your hard doctorves, such as: Space junk or Fossilized fragments.
nowplaying At least have some breakfast first!
Hi Damon grant applications usually begin in the fall.
Keep an eye on the website and/or email us directly for more info.
anythings better than a butter knife I suppose...
MentionYourCrush ; He is my best friend !!
Women's doctoram Fleece Vneck Sleep Top  Love it!!
What's your favorite dessert?
Rocky road ice cream?
Double chocolate Marble cheesecake?
We want to know!
Q: What do you call a cow that doesn't give milk?
A: A milk dud!
: mirror on the wall what's the best club of them all??
Three Floyds Brewing Gumballhead is on tap for a limited time!
Get it while it's getable!
Sherry Hodges, What is Triple C???
as we go on, we remember all the times we spent together.
and as our lives change, from whatever.
we will still be friends forever.
3
OutsideBrick City
RSVPs for Ignite Charlotte 3 start on August 13.
Grateful for extremely good friends who help me get through rough patches.
Hi Nicole!
Hope all is well  blessed with you  your family :
Some people just expect way too much from others...
Why is mac miller so hot?!
wishes I got the style channel in my room!
Haha!!
Love the Brady Bunch example : Thank u!
Come to our show this Thursday at Soma in San Diego!
Show starts at 6:30pm!
We play first so get there early!!!
I will fill ya in on the details when the time comes.
Hopefully makes it up.
and tony are comin
Tomorrow is our GrabNGo special, a beautiful handtied bouquet for only 14.99.
How can you beat that?!
Disappointed I couldn't even move beyond wifi, let alone Powerpoint.
And here I was all set to try live tweeting.
: Libra's invented romance.
Hellyeah.
: at least I'm not taking selfies in a restaurant addictedtoyourself i love myself more than you
JANE CURTAIN WHY
hay boo
And then contact us when you're ready to take your art fair, museum or gallery mobile!
X Factor!
Watch Melanie win!
Bitch's ainthit but hoes and tricks!
I can't wait to watch Desperate Housewives after work.
I swear if anyone interrupts me, I will chop their heads off.
For today try to win the war not the battle
hello and a good FollowFriday to you.
Thank you and for Tweeting the word about our picnic today!
I'm taking this really hard....please help me thorugh this.
:' R.I.P Jameel
Have developed a recent affinity for black nail polish.
Not wholly convinced it's nostalgia.
Sewing in artifact numbers into textiles makes me regret I did so poorly in that muchhated sewing class in 8th grade.
Events are important.
Look your best with a great white smile.
Call us today for a teeth whitening treatment before your event.
you poor thing!!
went to 1st period on senior skip day 2 load up all the stuff for prom.
There has been a tremendous amount of weight lifted off my shoulders
yes that's what I've heard!
I will def have to get some :
Hating my life what's The purpose of my tribulations
Yes.
Yes, they would.
I'm sorry.
Will ever follow me?
Nope, didn't think so.
Austin now you can Ask a latino any question you were never doctornk enough to ask us.
I will give you a honest reply.
Need followers too.
I can't KEEP UP under warning here.
Daugher n Bowling Green KY Step kid TN.
FAM n Indiana
FUCK!!!
I HATE the Kings!
I hope the Rangers crush them in the SCF.
Our boys released thier album today on iTunes.
Make sure to purchase it.
Find them on out top.
I wonder how much  does Memphis in may makes??
No one probably knows.
I bought your sandlot shoes for my Dad as a bday present.
He was thrilled!!
No.
Tomorrow's our best shot: record high is just 86!
RT : either of those records?
Night!
Love you too!
3
So there's this guy,  the way he smiles makes me smile.
His voice makes my heart skip a beat.
When I see him, I get butterflies.
3
his teeth.
all white and straight.
Bout to call it a nite, saw the Avengers with , pretty good movie
haiku: two men in soccer / jerseys carry dominos / pizza through the park
We are having a great day!
Hope you are too!
Extended Warranties for New and Used Cars in Emerging Global Markets
met a few great people at the event tonight.
well done and many others.
thank you!
The MLA14 convention is in Chicago.
The MLA14 convention is in Chicago.
The MLA14 convention is in Chicago.
If youre talking about what I think you are its no big deal some dudes just cant take a loss in COD lol
of course you would.
why don't you fuck off, spammer!!
Get a fucking life.
deering has access to twitter?
fuck..
ill stop tweeting about cocaine alcohol sex and the horrible teachers
Barton may represent the last batter for Matt Moore as he approaches 100 pitches.
Happy Halloween!
Big plans tonight?
If Cubs had won it all.
I kid.
Yes, that seems obvious to us right.
Hate headaches
thank you
should have partied in Muncie!!
I'm mad I never got with
Nice day at Straits yesterday.
Hopefully they get a round in today.
Pulling for Jerry and S trick
I been tryna reach u im bout to start this new chapter of the team called BOSSLADYPIMPS i need you to be on board!
me
Things are beautiful if you love them
CC is looking healthy and ready to rumble!
Love it!
Hey lady, who do you think is going to pull it off today?
follow   Easy instant follow back to help build your twitter base
fuck you and your homework :
yep that's what happens when you move to FL young!
Been here 20 yrs and just fell in love with the Gators!
:
Him: Not my fault you reversed PMS!
Her: Reverse PMS?
Him: Yeah!
Unlike a normal woman, you're cranky 28days out of the month!.
Maybe what happened wasn't meant to be...
I just don't want to lose the friends I made.
I don't wanna be more alone.
Dope Sold Out Show last night S/O Torris Brown DJ Lacie and my Fabulous Hunnys
Practice is gonna be so boring with out sergio /:
Great morning!
I'm not feeling well but I am still here!
You are 2!
No excuses so let's GO people!!
doctornkin some coffee..
Headed out, got a busy day ahead of me.....
just sent in my online audition to the xfactor...
LOL i just want to audition for Brit and then my life would be set, tbh.
listened to some.
he takes nostalgia to new levels.
great blog btw.
Looking at the past with judgement and regret we don't see it as our teacher, which instead gives us our wisdom and knowledge for the future
My entire house is clean  organized but I've run out of room for clothes in my closet AND doctorsser!
Oh noes!
Thank you to everyone that joined Thrive Lunch today.
Now where to next week?
Any thoughts?
iStatus and I may have a beautiful relationship coming up...
May lodging in Hub most expensive in nation
Black and blue throw down!
To properly celebrate fashion, is closing its doors to the public for 2 hours tomorrow evening for
thanks for the follow but what took you do long?!
Hehe
: So you all have OKC beating the Spurs?
N.
O.
Tweet 750 goes out to Exploring new music during school is awesome.
ClubPS3 ClubiPad2 Was just able to jump back on Twitter...
Hmm, I don't see a DM :/
That was fast.
Many thanks!
Cheers to you both on this FF!
Procrastination: It's not about avoidance, it's about attraction
damn you for making me log in to tweetdeck to reply to you.
It's ALL out of date.
Why?
Bored text?
If Obama says clean coal I am going to vomit.
Selena Gomez totally rocked it while singing Love You Like A Love Song on the TCAs !
Selena you ROCK !
:
Another great tip: trying to get kids used to WWPasta?
Start by mixing with flour pasta and gradually reduce it!
Thanks
GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime R.
Kelly's albums
now that is an idea!
I thought about having and I do an intervention with her.
Why thank you for following us and telling your friends!
Granny Regina
I luv watching our sec of state warning rouge states...isnt it a little late for that
It's Tropical Tuesday at PPSS!
Come try our Pina Colada, Coconut and Banana!
haha wow!
that's interesting, but I think the time difference is 12 hours?
That's how I feel!!!!
AH I'm so excited
Watching Back to The Future..123..
Looking at 2...
Where were the Cell phones and why do payphones still exist?..
is watching a pull up competition on Icelandic TV.
Yes, I am procrastinating.
I hate footnotes!
man that look good as hell!
Pull your pants up PHI.
Looks like the Pens caught you with them down.
chillin at home wit my new boo
if youre in san Diego take a minute and check out the sunset right now.
beautiful
: This is the best giveaway ever!
:
hey Joe!
please watch KONY 2012 video on YouTube!
10 Things I Hate About You ' Why the hell am I gonna waste my time on you if I just completely hate you?!
good to see you here, man!
I like amen, burn, a1, everyday, take u home, racked up.....the whole damn thing I guess hahha
How to balance growth and preservation?
A sustainability story for museums in the real world.
See the film The Art for the Steal
/// Everyone does nowadays.
RT Serena Williams has a rap song.
3 tickets to Disneyland, 180, taking your 3 year old there for the first time,
now I'm confused.
Great 
haha i was wondering if that was just mine.
It litterally took over an hour for the entire update
I have never been at school this late
I smell a revolution in the air ladies and gents!
www.ModernAmericanRevolution.us
nowww austin..you KNOWWW DAMN well that you CANNOT be shirtless in a vid.
i'll die.
wait, dead.
2.50 Coors light pints all day Monday!!!!!
Why in Tempe?
milwaukee 68 total accumulation of snow is coming for tomorrow and into saturday!
We have you covered!!
So now you tweet !
Ignore the haters.
They don't know shit.
Thank you!
Yes, big BIG.
Heard sweet things about you last night from Kimmie!
Home from an 8 hour shift at the part time job, and wired and don't feel like sleeping.
Thats true.
I like it already, I still have time to enjoy summer nights and stuff
some GREAT information here!
thanks for having me!
Call me ASAP
just got my square card reader...now come and get in line with your credit cards ready for me to swipe them all.
Back to work today.
Can you say makeup call?
: RT: Like you?
How about Love You!!!
What's not to love anyway...
; sigh.
hee hee!
Thanks for the mention!
We'd win, hands down
thanks.
i sent you another release with more detail about local search yesterday.
Wonder if this will get Bob Filner's attention?
He might want to begin his campaign about now.
Where is his pension plan?
Once I was a sheep going astray, but now I'm returned to the Shepard and Bishop of my soul.
Please!
Enough already.
miroboday us military embracing distracted doctorving as a reason to create autonomous vehicles so soliders can be doing more than doctorve.
Ciao ragazzi ,we will be open from 6 pm to 8 pm .
The weather is rough ...
And we can use some rest .
Ciao
Happy Birthday :D
And now you've undone it all by surging through another great 10k :
Woke up this morning...
Laid in bed and thought there's a lot of work to do.
Take time to be friendly.
It is the road to happiness.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
How many bricks did Farmar shoot for you all?
This guy.
lol
Happy Mothers Day!!
Also, Happy Mothers Day to my Daughter's Stepmom :
Who just woke up  10th oclock on a TUESDAY!?
That would be me ;
ur god damn right
Actual medical advice I received yesterday: Tickle it with a feather.
Charles Moad of IMA on Reconciling Museum Records  mapping text to an identifier in a vocabulary or database
SHAME ON YOU AL FOR THE PIGGY REFERENCE.
IT WASN'T LONG AGO YOU WERE THE SIZE OF THE TITANIC.
NOW APOLOGIZE.
...and, one proposal submitted.
first a break, then onto the next bit of writing.
Welp.
That's the 4th mid20something guy i know that's enlisting in the Navy THIS WEEK.
Damn Sure Right Meg Pokrass writes like a brain looking for a body.
Wonderful, dark, unforgiving Frederick Barthelme
Katie Couric once doctorw a picture of me for which I paid her 1.
And another 1 for her to kiss it.
The picture, I mean.
jealous man!
Always wanted to go there.
Hit me up if your ever in LA!
Beers on moi.
RT : keep grinding and make the sharks a national power house
Four days left
Girl: I'm sorry!
But I'm here!:
Thanks for the follow!
and I'll be seeing you soon.
I've never been, but it's going to happen this week.
Thanks for the support!
I can't imagine someone not owning an iPod, iPad, iPhone, two MBPs, Apple TV and a PowerMac
that's for darn sure!
Ill peep that out RT : black keyes
Preparing my upcoming Winter class schedule.
I am open to new ideas, feel free to share some thoughts on what you'd like to learn about!
hoalee balls dolan
Happy 53rd Birthday to the late King of Pop!
RIP....Michael Joseph Jackson!!
that would be the best thing in the world.
I need that too!
:
20ThingsAboutMe I don't understand how heartless some people are..
Like seriously, other people have feelings too.
thats so cool :D!
try this burger too
What is your favorite moment from your vacation to Hawaii?
its so cute how zayn buttons his shirts on the first buttons :
Oh man a vendor doctorpped of i freakin love those cookies, but I'm fasting and can't have sugar
This week brings the first day of SUMMER!!!
But don't worry, because it's not too late for some spring clean action!
www.pghgreenclean.com
RT : Lovely little dinner date : x
AwhYeah Burgers for the boys!
ilove a good romance burger this time of year!
Young Bonez will be performing Newark Airport on Friday the 24th in Terminal C for all travelers!
In small doses I could.
This kid is allergic to chlorine.
I love the freaking crap out of you :
well said
I almost want to find something else to watch in AM because of Same things daily with him!
YoureInTheFriendzoneIf I ignore your call and text u instead.
Got my My Chem ticket!
:
I just pulled a piece of metal out of my leg.
Today has been the worse
Most people will gain 3 to 5 lbs on Super Bowl day.
Pizza and salami are the worst calorie culprits.
Eat grilled chicken  veggie tacos.
hey sorry I didn't follow you sooner I was mowing, running and lifting weights....
and yes all at the same time; lol
i missed you today!!
no food or my baby ace : /3
Sisters new place then work.
Sorry 2 any1 who has been affected by the hacking of my follower  following list that hasnt been corrected continues 2 b disregarded.
Sarah Palin's house is full of balls.
Got my goldfish doh
Today, weather is top news in Europe.
Tornado in Toulouse  summerinApril in Berlin.
And swim we did!
slightly sunburned.
we like to contribute the best we can :
Frank Marcopolos Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
What was up with the creepy Belichick hug at the end of the game?
Hey guys im so happy right meow 
Kiddos in bed.
Found the Millenium Trilogy on Netflix Instant, w/subtitles but that's alright.
Yay!
IM SO SORRY.
something is wrong with my phone!!!
Follow me por favor.
.
because I'm going to school in England next year aha.
eh man i meant to message you i voted for u in the link u sent me that same day i dont really be up on the web so much these days
I like your shirt!
;
Or he could just do as he's told.
Ya know that's sorta how things work when you have a job and stuff.
That's so meta.
RT Thank a TEACHER if you can read this.
Thank a SOLDIER if you can read this freely.
Happy FF to our sandiego industry peeps:
is setting up a Bugzilla server for the external QA group and is migrating bugs over to Bugzilla from Hansoft!
Thanks for the FF, !
It was great meeting Emily last night during class!
:
Thank you!
We still vacation in the Ft Myers area, but I don't miss those FL summers.
Ok now stop!!!!
Loving you is possible, but you loving me seems to be impossible.
Chris TheCoolestPersonEver.
: I hope I can meet you some day!
Thank you for all the interviews and everything 
Gd bless South Park.
just wait until tomorrow
By comparing online insurance quotes at our website, you are making an informed decision from the top insurancecompanies at
We call it Pluscious.
lol RT : Is it from the plus or skinny line?
I'll need the bodunkadunk size.
LOL
I'd be like, You need to shoot more.
Want someone to become a risktaker?
Support them 100, for as long as they need.
Then trust them 100.
you need to step up your tweet game up son
My sister said when she get her house ain't nobody gone be able to Shit but her lol
Makin moves stay tuned!!!!
okay, this lady just yelled out she wanted a certain doctornk and this woman just yelled out,i knew it!
i have espn.
surely she is kidding!
I'll start off by saying this is crazy.no joke.
Fantasy  sm totally changed sports industry
I hear that.
It's easy to be seduced by sexy videos.
It's why I became a filmmaker.
Last week to LIKE RoomBug on Facebook for a chance to win 25 GC for Chili's and a 25 GC for Fandango  Http://on.fb.me/fCuKg8 Ends 2/20
we are going to have turkey burgers tonight too!
steamed mussels across from the courthouse last night.
Highly recommended.
what do you consider bank to be?
can you ask around for how many caregivers will lose access to helping those they support?
In English we were talking about how we order chaotic situations.
I live tweet.
GREAT ADVICE RT : It's abt the people.
Employers, let them be themselves.
Employees, share yourself w/coworkers, customers.
So sad I'm not going to SD to watch UNLV take on SDSU tomorrow.
Sorry, i'm climbing a wall to save Cheetahs.
Sounds like a fun nite/gr8 cause!
Day off consisted of Watching Jimi Hendoctorx, Bob Dylan  James Brown docs badass.
And I'm the raisin is you, just came on..
christian favorited your tweet.:
You never wanna get too comfortable in one circle so always have another one
A great summer eve in Midtown: first Thurs free concert in Mt Vernon Square Park tonight!
Love that quote.
Early night i think :
I want Think Like A Man on dvd
Im so excited is finally back in the u.s;I can finally be awake at the same time as him; so mayyybee he will notice me now 1
FYI it is FREEZING again in the office.
I'm using my blanket.
is scripting for a live awards program and client's featuredproducts video; in post with financial client's stateoftheeconomy video.
Dan, I think you meant the BEST of us.
Yet again, won't ever happen
Is he deleting it or protecting it?
Wouldn't doubt it.
look who it is.
I smell a
Last night I had sex with a girl with a mohawk...
i beat it up.
She was Rodney King, I was four cops.
uppers Wasn't going to tweet today but this segment got me MAD!
does this work?
Another great day to get creative  feeling the colors!
:
hehe that's true cenation rock :
I still have my tamagotchi lmao
Smell the rain, and feel the wind.
Live your life to the maximum possibility, and fight for your desires.
Please follow !
She loves you so much!
Enchancer  7
Loved chatting with ya'll.
Sorry it's not really big: work is calling : Lol.
Stay strong 
Sounds good to me...lol
Tonight's Lakers lost wasn't so bad..
Win in Denver in game 6, then Artest is back for game 1 vs.
.Tweetdom Oh Tweetdom!
Ive been away too long.
Grabbing quick moments to comment occasionally is just not enough!
Happy to see you Roll By
Mfs just got pulled over ....
I swear to God I hate the police
I can't stop smiling.
No reason.
OK, not naming names, but I've been trying out some of my hotel shampoo samples and I gotta say ick.
My nose is burning from the perfumes.
Yeah for sure, I know a ton of artists who would be interested.
let me know
you better ask about me, everybody knows I'm the chief king 
Yes!
I'm so excited.
Thanks for the discount.
Appreciated the presentation.
WDS : Never miss a good chance to shut up!
Who the fuck cares if they show skin.
Stop fucken hating and assuming she's a hoe.
Just don't worry about it!
Its not you right?
Yesh
good luck.
make sure you look real busy at all times.
Even though I pay for college, my parents get the credit on their taxes...lame
Obama has declared Omar the best Wire character.
Can't wait for his controversial Diane was better than Rebecca ruling.
Prankster ;D
Bob, what about a contest, press releases, samples in the local community, you could kickstart a popup bakery
has just become our 200th follower, hurrah!
haha same here..
i dont know about all that lol RT : Favres career was over soon as he left GBP
Lost my voice.
Thats probably the worst possible thing that could happen at this point
CALL TODAY FOR A FREE ESTIMATE , EXOTIC COLLISION CENTER JOHN
Join us for the last Monday night football game of the season!
HERES TO ALL We're all in the same game, just different levels.
Dealing with the same hell, just different devils.
Flash flooding along my route home.
I actually did hydoctorplane a bit.
I did think of you on a bike and hoped you missed the rain!
wow your cool haha :
Also, people seem to forget that autism is a spectrum, which also explains the higher incidence rate.
RT Santa should promote clean energy this year.
Instead of a lump of coal he should give a can of biofuel to the bad kids.
Mo, any idea what time it will fly over?
Or around NY...
Let us know if you have any questions on the theming.
Is it weird that I miss your dick?
We don't know about you but we're ready for summertime!
Who's with us!?
remain calm.
keep cameras on.
twitter doesn't take long.
Thank you Hailee!
:
Mt.
Vernon today
I'm missing my Wife right now
Glad you had a good time.
Give me a bit more notice and you can have Geek Boy sitting next to you!
What's next movie?
Geez!
I was wondering how my laptop could be pinging me while off.
yeah we are both hooked on the series!
You need to read up before the release date!
Time to build a snow fort!
Who's with me?
RT : I recommend attending the Cbus Intl Film  Video Festival.
Films you can't see anywhere will have coffee there.
It's exam week!
Know what that means?
Halfoff espresso shots at Mocha Joe's until Thursday!
Good luck, friends.
good luck!
Snowing fat, wet, heavy snow.
Has been all day...
looking forward to the doctorve home
By this time tomorrow will will have our first winners from the first ever Madison's Hardest Trivia at
Finally caught up on everything in my team's mailing list archives.
Getting the lay of the land, slowly but surely.
Duke Snider we will miss you.
Apparently all it takes to reinvent yourself is a new accent and excellent waltzing skills.
You can do it!
Guys will be guys.
And even that wouldn't matter if only we could prevent girls from being girls.
Anne Frank
doctornking a cold brewsky!!
i was thinking about going to that , lol
You know those big, long, hard shits that make your asshole just gape in shock after its out?
....ya fuck those shits
no you love me really
Working on a novel based on true events.
Actually wrote a chapter today!
Hoping for MORE days like that.
The good: had Date Nite for the 1st time in 6 months.
The bad: nearly burned down the house by leaving fries in the oven.
In the middle of a fascinating salt class with at Wow, never underestimate the power of good salt
Good morning all my beautiful people have a wonder blessed day
while working on a new song, i happened upon the word stroppy.
indeed, unrelated to the song, but it is fun to say.
lol yes sir!
will do
I would expect as you can expect the train will arrive, or maybe you will pass.
Had a great spinning class at
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire.
BTW, the Bachelor/ette franchise producers have been sued for being discriminatory.
If anyone's racist, it's clearly them.
Thanks!
My library likes proof and numbers.
Hahaha my friend Giselle and I wore the same pants today.
Heading out to in a bit and then over to Jake's restaurant for second dinner.
thanks for buzzing about pdx and for the follow!
win.
Good night.
I heard FLOPannari fell on purpose again on his way to the locker room.
LOL
stop hacking ur sisters twitter
SXSW2012 Nico Stone gets special recognition for his amazing debut performance in
Tired of this feeling
for no reason though
Damn you to hell iTunes and your Damaged Library.
All my precious ratings and play counts gone.
Although no more Miley in my Top 25 now
yes the same Dev team.Iam living in the US and we have alot of work to do.Nice meeting u
BlackBerry Music Gateway: Streaming So Simple Your Grandma Could Do It
Glad I finished it
Thanks!
Hope all is well with you too!
I enjoy keeping up with you at least via facebook!
:
Follow Back?
follow back plz?
:
Finalists named today for ct state business plan competition.
Confides didn't Qustir will be on there.
Welcome back to the Randy Moss.
Signed a deal with the tonight.
good; at least that makes someone:
Happy Birthday!
:
awesome!
See you in the am dude.
thanks for the follow 
thanks for the congrats.
Was an honor to mentor and watch the other teams.
The future looks bright for lawwithout walls grads
Rain has stopped play.
I'm surprised you haven't purchased a broken record player yet.
well, I couldn't ask for a better prince than u 3 and yes we are the perfect two  I love you more.
muahh
Follow Oxy Golfers
: Overheard on police scanners: Man shooting at a squirrel on his fence hit his neighbor's window.
there goes a squirrel IT folks
You are very welcome!!
Enjoy your day.
If your gonna talk about me on Facebook then tag me in it!
Jeeze.
The big ass theater on Kirkwood.
Just a little east of walnut.
What does your Friday night poker game consist of???
This is when it would be nice if we could like twitter comments.
;
Gym early in the morning 
When I talk about my life people start hating, I can't help that my life is so great it sounds like I'm bragging..
2.
Your perfectness is well, perfect.
...
any advice on featuring Paterno and any controversy the project may cause?
rip patrick swayze
Hell yeah me too RT: I'm gettin impatient tho...I'm ready for this game...
i no u do
Going to the career fair?
A new job or internship might make you the perfect MyCSU blogger!
Email us at .
my mom my friend and who ever bday on the 26 is in 3 days yay!!!
Finally I wish it was Sunday
stop letting your mind wander
Haven't missed this humidity one bit.
I wish!!
I need a nap.
POLL: Whats the 1 love song you would want your boyfriend or girlfriend to serenade you with this Valentine's Day?
Awkwardness in a room fullfils my hapiness.
I'm awkward.
I asked for an extension

Glad to come up for air!
It's deadline week for six magazines AND I'm ghostwriting a book.
marriage  full civil rights.
Civil unions  not all rights.
Is it an objection to the use of the word marriage?
endorphins are real, my dude...
Grinding all week bitch I gotta ball!
oh okay...We were on our way and realized we'd get there at 11:45pm.
but glad you had a good turnout, anyways :
Hearing some strange digital artifacts on the Oscar broadcast.
doctorving me crazy!!!
Just ate a 2 rabbit taco...
tacos gringos
How far outside GA 12 do you live?
A mile?
10 miles?
K go away is being chanted by protesters in West Allis.
proud of you
Not 5, not 6, not 7...
RT : If LeBron James played with prime Shaq, how many championships would he have?
Long live the car crash hearts 3
Creepy RT : How does feel about that?
We do
RT  The Miami Dolphins brought in Larry Johnson who is a known problem in the Locker Room.
Yet Tiki Barber  Clinton ...
I am finally home after being away from civilization!
:
So which station is playing a Mommie Dearest marathon today?
Bravo?
Logo?
are you crazy?
delete that last tweet since your tweets aren't protected
don't remember them, but saw Dixie and the cannibals at the Radisson.
Nigga...
Nerf Wars...
Lets bust these caps on these niggas.
follow me plzz!
:
Flexible NanocrystalCoated Glass Fibers for HighPerformance Thermoelectric Energy Harvesting Flexible NanocrystalCoated Glass Fibers f
The new Steve Jobs book a great read !
hey hey hey!
PDFs and Acrobat are a bloated, overlycomplex medium for everyday communication.
Rant over.
I got to do that on Monday!
Have fun today!
It would mean THE WORLD if you followed me and !!!
:D IT WOULD MEAN ALOT TO US!!!
33
thanks for following me!
Have a great daY!
;
Got to keep Survivior training up.
More determined after this season !
12 yrs worth of focus, determination!
:
JU vs UCLA on Friday.
Holy Shit!
Love is a doctoram that comes alive when we meet.
Tired of this same crap.
Done.
Autocorrect my ass!
I guess you just don't know me well.
I call it hammed lol
My life would suck without swamp people  duck dynasty!
I think I'm going to buy that C4 stuff tomorrow.
You are currently browsing the Beat a Speeding Ticket weblog archives for 'fight a traffic ticket' tag
where did ur message go x
Exploring Edinburgh.
I thought that was by design?
:
THERE'S A TROLL UNDER THE TABLE!
I USUALLY enjoy Mondays.
: RT I love Monday's.....
Lol probably not a lot of people that would agree with me
Anybody want me to followback????
Dont make me second guess myself, i dont want to play this game
What's going on in Vegas tonight?
just the girl by the click five :
your happy about it?
goo morning sissss dayaaa!
have fun meeting fans later on today : I know you always do though hahaha lol :
no, seriously.
I couldn't handle the disappointment.
I will never understand how towels type
Hi Derrick, you are going to be sent to outerspace with some of this!!
Simply seeing that picture of the old Sweet Valley High cover was worth the click through.
The pinnacle of Jr.
High escapism.
I wish girls would get off my bfs dick.
although I know what you mean.
I just don't want the solution to be telling people that they can't be kind.
Good Morning Twitter: off to school.
link me?
Ugh again game of thrones.
Why u no 2 hours long.
RT : Jon Huntsman: THE Beta Male for a spineless America.
Live and let live.
Ha!
I actually think Bo is a decent guy but he sure didn't help his cause today.
OMg really?
Trying and Doing are two different things.
When you try, you hope.
When you do, you succeed.
What game are the tickets for?
I have more followers than ha.
some of these Virgin America airlines ads are actually pretty funny.
but stop interrupting ze, bro.
this was the longest day ever.
and it's not even close to being over yet
Going crazy right now!!!
Super Bowl Champions again baby!!!
4 Giants!
Should be landing in Vegas rt now.
Thanks to lazy fucks not doing their job, Im at work.
I thought we were friends?
sorry bby.
Switching to micah's room.
I'll make it up tomorrow 3.
Hey family!
Oakland protectors blocked from 12th street BART while trying to get to occupysf to help resist the ongoing raid
Uh oh.
Overheard on 19th Street, 6ish year old crying: Mommy, I don't want you to cook.
Sounds like someone needs cooking lessons.
War Horse is in my opinion, Steven Spielberg's best film to date.
I love it!
We definitely need to use this now that the weather's nice!

Journalists r at the heart of all conflicts.
4 that they pay a high price: 21 journalists have been killed in 2012.
At discussion
Thought for the Day: Defeat is not the worst of failures.
Not to have tried is the true failure.
George Edward Woodberry
You know I still can't believe we both did some things that I don't even wanna think about.
BIG bank take little bank lol
We have a student rate for the summer  120 group fitness or 175 boot camp all summer for college kids!
woodys smelled crazy and everyone was in pajamas....
The fuck?!
I'll kill him.
me likes that.
List xD
It just seems longer under the stress!
Have you been to New York?
If so, what is your favorite place to see/do/eat while you are here?
That's when he slipped haha
Just got out of the shower, bored pc4pc?
RT: TY for bringing social business to RPC and the legal sector.
Would have said if we would have won
What's the longest running play on Broadway?
Lombardi.
Show number 200 approaches next week...
I back this plan
Are u kidding me INDIANA!!!!!!
WOW IMPRESSIVE
Spear and Mission today.
The pies will be doctor.
11:302pm
saweet!
No problem, glad you got it to work!
Anyone on twitterworld as obsessed with coconut water as me?
:
I can see beauty everywhere,, :
I love your bitch rants.
Lalalaaa bored watching crappy tv movies
long as u dont ditch me yet again :
Awwweesss, that was sweet  time to make the change we wish to see in the world.
You have the power to let it shine.
xoxo
Follow this guy
Kubbie my best friend again :
can I get any help for 1 ticket to tomorrows LoyolaHopkins tilt?
Standing room only???
twitter is more complicated than I thought hahaha
Airports suck!
i felt like a million bucks!
worst hangover for me in a long time!
yeah of coures it is growing fast
where them 412 ladies?
had fun last talking about how awesome daughters are.
Jailbreak was successful!!!!
The last thing I want to do right now is go to school.
Follow back please?
:D
rt Determination keeps our wings flapping until what we hope for is ours...just like the bumblebee!
'keeping it in mind' isn't good enough!
lol you need to do it ASAP!
Thanks for the support!
How to Make Money with Google AdSense
Welcome Dave RT excited to be joining John Maroon's talented team !
Working the Southwest Region out of Houston...
Nope.
None.
okay so I went to busch gardens/williamsburg for 4 days with my friend and i came back yesterday at like 10:30 pm and I'm going to
I hear they are incredible, unfortunately for me we don't carry those here in Fl..have a favorite recipe?

haven't really dived into this one yet.
Soon!
2of2 RT ...
Cat purrs by the fire of my breakfast bong.
So toasted on oatmeal, apricot.
Now, he's doing lines of brown sugar
Time to hit the road ...
Lets get some new projects ...
If she has 500 likes and 400 comments on a photo, what's missing?
Her clothes.
dudee did u see where austin is suggesting to have his next concert
watching how to rock you?
Questions for Superintendent Sherman?
Send them to or .
Girls Named Princess Are Cool
considering Columbus is higher than Stars, not sure that dog hunts.
Problem is team, not market.
Order sent to Angelina in VA!
GC Tip: If the onsite manager says it's ok, take pics/video to send to us after your events!
Hi Claireja.
I was wondering if you were going to join.
Glad you shared your favorite.
Chat is just wrapping up.
Sean!
Looking forward to seeing you open for Chantah in Ibiza, but REALLY looking forward to hearing Africa Cry!
.
bus doctorver doctorve past the transit center entrance..
Whoops!
The eyes that once expressed their essence  selfbetrayed.
/ The eyes, so far away, that darkness cant portray.
Thank you for the follow.
Looking forward to your tweets, comments  insights.
Cheers!
they shouldnt be bashed for their choice but more of them bash the overweight female than support her
Hawaii Beachfront Houses For Sale  Which Oahu Sandy Beaches ...: Hawaii has one of the best sandy beaches from all across the world....
I hate you lol it's been a long day!
the pickles were good.
can you put a flashing cursor in sign in box on your Hm Pg so I can just start typing instead having to move my mouse into the box?
What I say:  Why don't you wear that nice long white skirt?
What she hears:  I hate the skirt that you have on right now.
It's funny that it's socially acceptable to announce that you have to pee, but tell people you have to duke and they think yer gross.
I knew it!
I shud have come to school high as fuck, I would be cracking up instead of falling asleep in class 
If you ordered a Tshirt and haven't got it yet, it may be because we need your size.
Let us know.
Thanks to all who donated!
Join and me for the News at 4pm  in about 10 minutes
Tonight is the gala for the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation.
We were proud to support their fundoctorising efforts this year by designing a...
It's probably not a good idea you sharing that link.
I may be in trouble now.
BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb WOW thank you haters your always thinking about us, makes me want to cry happy tears 3
I do love Government officials with a sense of humor.
When someone comes in  needs something we can't give, we connect them w/ someone who can.
Thx your help!
Nutella is a food group.
ALWAYS.
We need to get together bro.
I'll help u get that swag back
Like all doctoramers, I mistook disenchantment for truth
Lightning, thunder, rain, rainbows, and a crazy Maxfield Parrish sunset.
I love it when LA tries to do the weather thing.
That last tweet was mean, sorry Josh!
Congrats on the band...
When you get a twitter account.
yes but I got a sunburn.....but not from tanning........from shopping.?
I wanna see Chernobyl Diaries...
Date anyone?
:
Just learned of Jose Wejebe's death.
What sad news.
Always enjoyed seeing/talking to him.
Buying the gifted label is in FL 2.
My kids go 2 a FT gifted school  never had a tutor but a few of their peers did.
Beer!
Helping ugly people have sex since 1862!
Now I really understand the truth of some things
Passed out over 300 City Boi flyers at the Avenues Mall with !
They gonna learn real quick!
most def.
I almost shutter'off.
Strange indeed.
Prayers to the people of Turkey.
Please do, and if you use foursquare we have a newbie special ;
Woohoo, can't wait for workshop on EAD tomorrow at Tulane.
Come say hi if you're attending, I'll be there.
I wish would stay in Texas to HANG OUT WITH and and Zach : And everyone else
oh ill tell him.
im sure he will be over real fast to pick that one up
just do your best.
no more, no less.
if we do more than our best, we have no energy for tomorrow.
if we do less, we leave room for judgment
Peace I give into you
I want to see it more.
UGH IT'S SOO GOOD.
10 days until the EP online release!!
Get pumped!
To all the Moms out there  Happy Mother's Day!
Thank you for all you do!
I agree, that was a total klouche move.
I have always been content
I like someone I can't have.
Da feds lookin for me G.R need to see me and section 8.
Want something from me
text me whenever you're on the way back, I'll be up
Special unit enroute to get bavarian creme donuts and bear claws for our SWAT buddies who've been in a standoff all damn day.
Help our management company Sage Hospitality, turn Denver's Union Station into a living landmark, choose the hotel...
Be aware to the moment so you can see the magnificence all around you and let it show you to your Highest Self
Ugh...I hate getting up when it is still dark out.
that guy is an idiot!
Who asks to be unfollowed?!
Lol
Congrats to Benjamin Burt for booking his commercial in LA!
who is ?
eww:/ idk if I'm even gonna goo..
is awake but still in pajamas lol
Whatever Tomorrow Brings , Ill Be There.
Awesome!
Bristol music lovers are in for a great treat!
brush my teeth with a bottle of jack.
TF is there traffic for at 6 am?!
should I be afraid to ask?
San Diego for the day with some cool kids.
JS8 just put the stamp on the ladies with the new trendy look
Be at the gypsy fest in clifton today, i perform at 3PM.
Come see me perform live.
Should I listen to Tablo and Epik High?
omg waburttt I miss you so much!;;;
I'm not sure I want to know...
get better boo!
you know i'm yours baee ; lol
Weirdest people in my math class
probably sometime in the future I'll move down, just not right now.
I'm ready to go home now
I hate missing old friends.
I have the first gen iPad, but I think the new iPad is definitely worth the upgrade.
The speed!
I subscribed to you by the way
I love how Someone can say Fuck Hoes!
when you a damn Hoe yourself!
SMH look in the mirror for once
astonishingly,his face finally grew into his teeth.
I want to rock and roll all night...
and party every day!
The letter needed is done  I'm not mailing it I'm on my way 2 deliver!
To S.A.G attention Leniency Committee!
Y'all please pray for me.
we're out of toilet paper.
yeah i know i had to use coffee filters haha love my roommate
Done counting for now  I may count from 1120 later in the workday.
no thanks.
finished a final and a paper.
one of each left to go and then i'll be free for spring break on thursday!
Why do u wait until I'm already upset before u stop doing that stupid thing I hate?
Happy to help.
Any particular questions you have?
We could also put these out to our Twitter network.
thank you :
white river
It's only a matter of time before fighting is banned in the NHL.
The game is changing, evolving.
Sounds good
Definitely gonna be the new thing..
unfortunately.
I mean Tupac did trend on Twitter for three days straight...
Couldnt make it to a good friday service, so decieded to read about it instead!!
what happened though?
we control everything..
We just all got ran over by a hamster ball.
Good question!
Maybe knows.
Come follow me at my new job
never underestimate how hard it will be for very smart people to follow instructions re tracking changes  using version names
Versailles in France, not Versailles in Europe!!!
Do you say Tokyo in Asia or Montreal in America?!
spinnin' 2night  Nectar along with the wild one Eric doctorzzle.
The beats  doctornks will be flowin'.
Stop by the booth for free grumpy looks!
Thanks for the follow and the RT man!
We appreciate the support!
I'll get you a 10 off coupon code if you want it!
What a honor it is to be able to tweet u may the lord continue to bless u n gide u so that u may keepon briginghiswor
gotta get my stretch on for 2morrow..its bout to go down..WUTANG'S IN TOWN..suuuuuuuuuuu
When you want to text, no one texts you.
When you don't want to text, they all text you.
Weeks keeps the rally alive with a single up the middle...
canyoufeelit ????
Finished speech to Business students on Change  Opportunities.
Be prepared, be alert, look for calculated risks.
I can't believe your turning 18...
this is CRAZY!!!!
I remember when you made you first YouTube video!
Your growing up so ...
Chaos with the office relocation.
I can not find a thing!
when you guys coming back to the SouthEast?
WA is amazing!
I'm going to college next fall : shopping is waayyyyyy better than I expected!
I miss seeing you in history :
Tell me what you think about something I read the other day.
May you have faith in your worth and use wisdom.
Tweet back your reply.
RIP Bubba Smith
Merge into immensity of kisses and see you in the silence, your breathing your heart beats each mystery..........
Only time you should ever look back is to see how far you've made it.
idk dude, I like the music but I just feel like it's becoming less and less about talent.
I'm talking all music as a whole too.
I would ask why but I know it's what we both wanted :
The world is not to be put in order, the world is order incarnate.
It is for us to put ourselves in unison with this order.
Henry Miller
Raw census data manipulation killing Team almost there?
long and tedious.
:
Just Got A Black Pair Of Red Bottoms.
Happy Birthday amazing Happy birthday.
I just realized that I don't have another full week of school for the rest of the year!
YES.
Tangled tongues and lips :
S/O 2  UTSAShowcase was a hit
Had fun with and friends.
doctorve safe.
:
One minute Joel Ward is the hero, the next, the goat.
I think I'm going to have a nervous breakdown....
Why don't people read simple instructions...my job is killing me
Ready to get back on stage this weekend.
Is there any other way to go?
RT : living la vida loving it!!!
:
Craving a big glass of lemonade
Because they know its all about the Celtics.
pretty much lol
there's a strip of rubies, sapphires, and diamonds down the middle.
All I need is long red hair and a pair of fins, cause my voice seems to have disappeared
The group Sister Sledge singed the background vocals for the Stop The Love You Save remake I recorded at the age of 8yrs!
I think really believes I'm her personal chef!
Thankfulness is contagious.
Gratitude grows as you water it.
Joy is a lifestyle and positivity is not optional with success.
Simmer on that!
pretty good actually minus the horrible week i just had lol.
Are u graduating this May??
Hey!
Sounds good.
I need to figure out exactly what this thing looks like, but good to know you'll be there.
Rosie I got the days off soo I will be in Denver from friday until sunday on the 11th
thank you Fred :
nothing!
one offered me a three way with his friend and the other wanted to fuck me in the bathroom!
fml.
Down to the last blessed frame.
Safe flights for all our  family coming home.
Here comes a well deserved break for all of us.
Thank you!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
DONE!
ur right, it WAS fun.
: FUN GAME:Think of who u always need to take the least resistancethen cut 'em out of ur life
Clearly, we are the coolest campus in the nation.
I'm just saying.
Went Whale Watching this past Sunday : No whales but lots of playful dolphins!!
What a BLAST!
Will post video soon!!
:D
Toronto too dangerous ...thought Dick C always took his gun with him!!!
I'm glad you enjoyed it Megan!
I will be glad to assist you in the future!
Have an awesome day.
She call me Papi and I say Ven Aqui.
What is there to like about a mall?
No wonder they're in trouble.
That's good.
You're very welcome.
: The pollen in Atlanta today was the worst I've ever seen...literally.
Did u ship it to Lexington?
tednugentdoctorftdodger'd RT: : Todd Helton fact: Helton consumes over 10lbs of beef jerky per day.
your game a final?
Thanks for all of your motivation!
It's contagious
Fluevog day looks more fun than most sales: an attempt to overwhelm the world with positivication,
Bielema on other Big Ten schools starting to recruit the state of Wisconsin: I think the secret is out.
No idea what to get my mom for Mother's Day.
None!
Mitch McConnell, the only septuagenarian ninja turtle
RT An afternoon of reading librarian blogs always includes at least 14 posts dedicated solely to cats
I love bukake from all up in my face :'
I can't wait till this saturday !
Going to see your show in Lancaster PA !
333
Ashley Halsey of WaPo, passenger on crashed alane, says all beautiful, heard a crunch
yes iam, can you guess
These bitchss don't submit
I Bet That  are so happy that NOSCHOOLFORTHECASTRONOVOS is trending .
BeautiesGRANDerz always win !:
In the FISD think tank for opening team...
:D i love you.
Obviously Dwight Howard isn't interested in winning a championship
The Help: Money Never Sleeps
It can't be good that I still have a cup of coffee in my hand.
I like the !
I'm here to listen in and say hi to current and former students.
That's a wrap!
Filming complete in LA for new Nebraska Wahi.
What a cute idea!
It would also make pretty Thanksgiving treat bags
Residents Quiz Local Legislators  Roswell, GA Patch
Mike Cameron is retiring.
Probably not HOF but still a very solid career and stint as a Brewer.
Hey girl!
Did you signup for the swap?
:
let's go Oakland!
To Recap: Sale/Leaseback of public assets  Great for sitting politicians, terrible for both the public and the politicians successors.
I do wanna be loved though D: lmao
You call yourself my best friends but you seem to be no where on my birthday that's cool
Your my man.
Nobody could replace you haha
Oh my god  we just signed the closing docs on our first ever home!
We will get the keys tomorrow or Thurs!
iplspring major breakthrough: In re Owens Corning Fiberglass Corp., color pink accepted as color TM, not functional
Music to our ears!!
Thank you for patronizing our BNA location and SAFE travelslooking forward to seeing you soon!
Thanks...I know it was right, kind and humane but, damn, I miss him!
Worse than when my father died...
Girl streaking response That's something you would do Serena.
She knows me so well:
I'm back at work on the computer researching a project.
Love does not dominate; it cultivates.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I love the ready set and never shout never3
Ha!
Well, the Colts pretty much cleaned house, so there shouldn't be any problems starting from scratch.
Ross Borden is being extremely open and honest in his talk.
Showing great reallife examples and sharing pros and cons
197 my first game.
We won first game.
Going to bed is the only option I have right now
All you need is love.
John Lennon
So disappointed that Reengineering with a Faculty Focus live stream is closed due to technical difficulties,
Leaving the office early for work happy hour, followed by manis and dinner with the cuzzos!
I love today.
God bless you!
Thank you for following.
God bless you always.
Thanks for the follow!
YourBiggestProblem is that you demand respect without earning it
I love you too.
3 glad you got twitter.
: listening to enchanted too.
3
I wish you were here
Does anyone know how to book national rail tickets that work on the underground, i need to start my journey in zone 6/5
Singles are more than welcome to order it!
and she did and I can't stand her bean dip head ass.
smh bad ass
Now watch me blow em out they shoes without clues Cuz I won't hesitate to detonate, I'm short fuse
: : yayyy when I wake up tmister my pool will b open party I'm comin I'll be there
don't nobody ever text ME.
I'm the convo starter /:
I can and I will
saw my baby and now eating while watching movies with my kitty 3 yeah, today was great.
roadoctorn Wild, Frenchman, totally wild!
How did I miss that class????
what happened?
I transferred to A and F
New US cititzens sworn in on the Ti came from Bosnia, China, Vietnam, Peru, India, Russia, France, Canada, Poland Thailand
Sweet.
Have you seen Manufactured Landscapes?
Rivers and Tides?
Visual Acoustics?
Or that Rem Koolhaas doc?
I'm not ignorant, I just know it all.
JS.
omg...waching abdc and it is the bieber episode.....so awesome...GO ICONIC BOYS.....I LOVE YOU JUSTIN BIEBER
Thanks for RTs  mentions: Places, Bill,
I'm nothin like a yes man, I'm something like ya best friend!
RT Pls retweet !
Donald Trump is Only a Mean Spirited BAD ACTOR who couldn't find his ass with both hands  a map !
in other news, curses to the metro yarn crawl for being so close to Maryland Sheep and Wool It's too much yarn!
The halls of justice are kept ICE COLD.
Aww thank you!
I appreciate it.
: Thanks for staying with me!
Lady A was amazing!
Had a great time.
What???: Damn!
Apparently one of the old guys that lived together on Swamp People died today, Mitchell.
I'll be damned.
the song on the boat is very creepy!
I love that entirely quote!
you better make me some cookies!
Thank you SO much for making my Christmas better with your voice, especially The 1st Noel!
Merry Christmas!
i hate fridays cuz my bf always has ta go away hm secretgetaway?
I do!
: He is a wonderful little man.
: His birthday is 1 day before Rob Pattinson's!
haah :
There are no condoms for the heart.
No matter how casual you think it is...you can still catch feelings even if you don't expet to.
Okeydo, thanks!
Thanks for mentioning Mom Maps!
We appreciate it!
Would love to work together more closely, email me at
hahaha!!!
Oh you crack me up!
QUESTION: Would you rather...
work Overtime for extra pay, or work 1/2 a day and live a little?
I want to send fan mail.
Buut, I dunno the addoctorss.
:
I am quite upset that Bioshock Infinite has been delayed.
:
Knowing you, with no shirt on?
Friday's pcch doctorp won't come soon enough!
Here's a question, which artists should we FF this week?
I dont!
I haven't been following, but that sounds horrible!
Don't forget, we'll be closed like most government facilities for President's Day on Mon.
Feb 20, 2012.
I 3 r grilled turkey on whole wheat w/green chile, cheese, tomato, mustard,  bell pepper!
Thank you for not saying conversating..RT : Conversing......
Meeting with Norman Sadeh and Jason Hong at CMU kicks off now!
A little bittersweet about leaving Michigan in a couple of hours.
I'm ready to get back to LA but not ready to leave yet.
both of those sound amazing!
Maybe a jumbo super tour?!
Haha
Hey 1, Occupiers are God's chosen people as last I heard; greed is a sin.
Slide the newspaper half way under a closed door and ask the two people to stand on the bit of newspaper on their side of the door
Broadband and LTE be damned...
no one wants your 22MB resume.

Will be at SCORES Friday Night at the Official Unlawful Family Party
Now that you've had your exclusive, would they be willing to call the KXL newsroom and talk with us?
actually, res on new laptop is high enough to be usable.
Still use external most of the time,way more pleasant than old box
is looking forward to his first ASHE11.
Plan to stop by the Hopkins booth.
amazing time with tyler.
3 a few crazy things went down.
but, i was just glad to be with him!
now bed.
I did not think they would advance to a regional final without Melo.
They definitely fight.
She dont wanna whine she wanna make the pussy quint ft or wife  be on the 
of course I keep a phone...
Still the same number u had before
I'm looking for a good GPS app for my doctorid x.
Any recommendations?
Just at the best breakfast ever.
Local business are the best.
don't you love how I added you into my Lakers tweets.
You asked for it.
1st Winning Pick  NFL Week 13..Chargers/Browns..TakeTheOver...Chargers O is firing on all cylinders  Browns are starting to score
I can see you writing a hybrid of My Life in Advertising and I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell.
Getting my grill on tonight!
Enjoying the fabulous spring weather!
thank you rozzzzzz!
Sex at night might be refreshing but morning sex is a head start.
AHL championships are worthless.
Too many old guys hoping for a 3rd NHL chance.
Jrs talent closer to NHL level
Author and historian.
Rock Chalk Jayhawk!!!!
How come you show them pictures of your duck stuff  you send me pics of your shriveled package, Bryan?
thanks for blogging our letter protesting the PayPalBan!
famous dave's boom
lol I am going to start saying that to meet ppl..
oh I see you fuck bitches I also fuck bitches lmfao
ur cut in!
we can do it stir crazy style, let's do a court show, u ready?
On Wednesday, I kicked technology's ass at work.
Since then, it's been kicking back.
Harder.
i shoulda been born somewhere down south
HOOKAYY.
BUT YOU ACTUALLY LOOK NORMAL
Thanks for the shoutout for our ping pong table!
Happy travels.
Started training for next kenpo belt today.
Twice as much to learn ...
started with Begging Hands and Sleeper.
home but on the road Monday!
HELLO!
How's it going?
What a shocker of a report about the cheap fucks on the saints D.
Never would have guessed it.
The Heat sleep right now they better wake tf up
Can't quite determine if I'm watching the Wisconsin men's bball team or a 8th grade girls bball team tonight...
So ready for friday
Currently at 1:00pm in Atlanta, GA it is 54 degrees.
Lows in 30s
its so unfair, all the senior classes at ehs before us had a decent year .
OH but when were seniors, they messed everything up!
The Leonard Brothers band is kicking off the weekend at tonight at 7 pm!!
Come on out!
Then when we get inside he tries to start talking to me.
After 30 seconds I walked away when he was in mid sentence.
Kirsten Stewart in WelcometotheRileys .
.
.
.
About to see in a few.
wow somehow I missed this...sorry about that.
Thanks a lot man...
I'm still a noob but I'm working hard!
Nope, I just don't have a flash doctorve on me.
And I'm not familiar with SneakerNet.
Peralta almost knocks Millwood's belly off
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
damn man i need a new one to :'
I am huge Chelsea Fan but feel B M might win 2  1, I hope not!
my nite was ok I couldn't really sleep
if you get tired of the college kids and noise, you should check out WEST 6th if you have time.
MAINLY CUZ IVE ONLY SPOKEN TO YOU VIA TWITTER
Let's get Peyton Manning to KC!
Up early on the MoMo grind.
Wholesalers can contact us at min order of 50
Um why am I forbidden to follow you???
:
guess who just got their best friend back
to the rescue.
Hits a tough bank shot followed by a tough fadeaway.
lead with 44.5 seconds left in OT.
Well talk to you later; i'm on my way to pick up my kids from their sleepover and then to grocery shop!
I hate watching the news.
They always start out with Good evening Memphis...
Then proceed to tell you why it's not a good evening.
Yippee!
covers and our arts  culture projects including !
Good look for AnacostiaDC!
One leg out the comforter.
Not too hot Not too cold.
RT if you've tried Baby Got Bock in Feb 2012.
If you haven't, don't miss your chance to taste this golden brew!
go to the gym all the way to the top and try to look for some sunglasses please
hit that legend and 3 stacks up it will do you good
At Savannah St Patrick's day parade today on mom in law's porch.
Craziest thing I've ever seen.
Trivia: Which Rick James video was banned by MTV and BET for sexual content?
Flea's can jump 130 times higher than their own height.
In human terms this is equal to a 6ft.
person jumping 780 ft.
into the air.
old doctorke is the best doctorke
The Acacia Strain, Like Moths To Flames, and Volumes are coming to SD on 7/27, but I'll probably end up not going as always.
Friendly tip: don't share your vibrator!
Pretty much pouting all week about not going home for Thanksgiving for the 4 year in a row.
There are 900 different flavours of arabica.
Complex and very volatile, they deteriorate if exposed to air and light.
It's IDEAS WEEK!
Time to pick a Newbery winner or honor title and see what magic you create  let the wild rumpus start!
Dumb bitches retweeting every second about how they messed up?
unfollow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When you're about to say something but you don't and then someone else says it and you're like, I was gonna say that!but no one believes you
But then they ask the guys for directions, lol.
Being literate over Hungarian coffee must be a good idea.
: respect do what you need to do  i will : bless you mahina !
I am thinking that those duties might have had something to do with Is that 7:30AM...
in the morning?
thank you so much for the follow.
Please continue to do great works in our community
Only three punches left on my Corp espresso card!
I'm guessing I'll get my free doctornk by the end of the week at the rate I'm going...
RT : Good coaches make us all get better Atul Gawande
Daily Deals are a winwinwin!
Help customers save money, help local businesses find more customers.
Follow our sites to find out more!
I really wish that would put their info on the Internet instead of hiding it on AOL, whoops Facebook....
Hello Chicago!
wish I could have stayed longer and seen one of your performances!
Who's coming to Bamboozle and hanging out with us?!?
:
Just got a new JuiceBox Tee.
On SALE!!
Yay!
You mean the world to me!
I am going to thoroughly enjoy watching the San Antonio Spurs sweep the Clippers.
Yup.
For kicking a cop out back in 2010.
I don't think I can find a word that's even close to describe my night.
:
Filibustered by Republicans and still he is coming out ahead
You can also phone us to order
I can't my phone doesn't let me see it :P and I can't be on the computer does he go to our school ?
: what's his name ?!
XD
share it !
did you know your first name could be feminine, if you simply add an extra N RyAnn?
tweet twitter twit same thing.
Go chew some ice haha
we are GENIUSES!!!
Not only does have to get used to the time change, but Mahomies do too.
He's amazing.
So much fun!
I'm doing good.
Getting back to some much needed yoga.
Still teaching?
We like to keep you on your toes.
RT : Tune In to AEC Social Media Tweetchat with SMPS CEO : Follow hash tag AECSM at 4pm EST
Tis my modest opinion that no man can fly pirate colors who's not willing to sell his friend, his sweetheart, or his mother.
Crimson Pirate
missing our momz
Plans for the summer are finally falling into place!
follow them if u want 100 followers a day.!
Favorite Beastie Boys memory...seeing them live in San Diego at Lollapalooza in 1994...unforgettable.
Your so full of crap your eyes are brown lol
funny how niggas be screw facing  me...
smh...
but they ain't got the heart to get  me!....
you know it's strange  it just makes everything far less desirable :/
Watching America's Got Talent
Is it your off season?
If you are not in training mode your calorie intake can probably be reduced because you will have reduced expenditure
exhausted from staying up all night every night
Damn headache...
This day could have been so good.
:
Ozzie Guillen  same ol same ol
give you some food
Miami ready
Chillin with a beer a cigarette and talkin to my girlfriend...
Good night : 
Run away!
I don't have to set an alarm tomorrow....I may spontaneously combust with excitement
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Mae West
Best Christmas Ever!
Yesteday I Met Bella Thorne!!!
:
I thought exercise was supposed to make me wake up.
Distinguished frames of mind
hedouble hockey sticks I do...
Wait?
Awkward?
ill be there all day tomorrow...
there's just something inhuman about someone who denies you a cookie.
i hate to say it but it still hurts
In what ways are writing teachers using technology in their classrooms?
..his name?
FRANK FINE, savy?
Tortas then Starbucks with and c:
yes...december!
R u dj'in xtine's wedding?
miss ya too twinners!
Ooohmg,  happy bornday!
So late.
Oops.
how was it?
finally getting some much needed best friend time.
3
getting some cardio in!
Just signed up to receive your newsletters, thanks!
So Boosie is free...beautiful!
Great time at 2nd annual chili brew.
Nice job you guys know how to throw a party!
haha remember when I said, I know someone thereI can't remember who I actually saw him at Vivace.
Need to come by soon!
Done with ap chemistry :
Up for Work another 11 hours Today Voice:
Startup professorssionals Musings: Ten Twitter Traction Tips for Entrepreneurs
is your phone being weird?
Haha, that would be great!
Some favorites this week:
why all the roid talk now all of sudden just cause josh is making it look to easy an pujols blows?
not effing bad!
Mehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, can't wait to graduate!
D;
You black out you can't back out
Finally at bdubs with the fam and
Hmm intervention behind closed doors?
Just put it on your FB wall.
What other people think about you is none of your business.
and I respond with a Baby : , I thought I was your princess??!!
hahah
JETS fail fail fail
i need food.
Ridin' the storm out.
Just me and REO.
:
That was one hell of slide there by Doumit there, eh?
haha okay.me too
good for you Kareem!
Lol I guess that's a good thing.
Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it...
Malcolm X
Innocence is beautiful
I guess Jennings hasn't watched a lot of Warriors games these last few years...
Did they make you sandwiches?
What I wouldn't give for one night with Ochocinco...Lord have mercy!
U on that team alone Chris
I Love Staying Up After Midnight  Reading All Of 's A M A Z I N G Tweets3:
Hitting up Barnes and Nobles before I go to job 2...need a new book to read
TY for the follow!
I'll enjoy getting to know you.
going to try an experiment where i write and say captainin before my name for a month.
will report back with findings.
Brumder Mansion Gives a 50 Discount on all Rooms MonThur to all Policemen and Firemen ID at time of Check in Call Monica 414/2182202
wow.
Someone fire the trainer, he's not using enough medical tape!
Chatting with a Giant location about their food allergy customers
RomCon FFP Dinein  The Rules: Thou shalt participate in all toasts unless thyself or thy group is honored with a toast.
reverse classroom is a growing movement in k12.
Might be a good topic for a guild session webinar or at a conference.
i hate that i love you so.....
Yes, I did, and he was very understanding.
Thank goodness.
Flights are horrendous today, too, so....
cross your fingers!
Totally hacked haha.
I like pie okay but not like like.
808Pride life is a beach im just playing in the sand...how old are u sir?
Life is a kindom and im ur ruler
Damn, thought Josh Wolff had retired...
or he should...
So Vegas is the dumbest city.
Well that may be true but also lots of friendly, entrepeneurial and cando folks as well...
Thx for the RT  looking fwd to your tweets!
I wanna fucking tear you apart
I knew this wasn't gonna go anywhere, ,,,:/
: I feel like super conservative uppity christian couples must have the most boring sex lives...
preach cutie!
This bagel boutta hit
OMG I love that movie!!!
that was so us!
especially the cc ice block moment lol
Bracing myself for whatever's next in our office Xmas decorations saga.
Not sure and I can take the tension!
oh no it's definitely happening!
304 days to go.
EndOfTheWorld Need to get back to my TFM/TSM bucket list
heardthat.
also, hi.
how's life?
I've been closely following you, and hope there'll be an opp'ty to learn from each other f2f in the future.
get the cool one while you still can!
not so good you
Hopefully, Santorums victory can keep Minnesotans from just feeling pathetic about the weather.
RIGHT?!?
IM SAYIN
this shit to funny!
I sent them to ur yahoo :  if u didn't get them let me know
the online leasing part of my venture, what do you think, i couldnt really come up with anything but i think its kind of edgy
Thanks, Chad.
I appreciate it.
Burning bridges...
building towers.
everytime i open a pineapple it dissapoints me when i dnt see sponqebob
what you thought ?
There are more possible games of chess lasting 40 moves than there are atoms in the entire universe.
Intriguing to know.
Watching Justin Bieber never say never :
ff look forward to catching your tweets!
Sometimes I get sad reading 's tweets Him RTing all those other lucky fans knowing that will never b me/3
can't wait for this allnighter i'm going to have to pull tonight
A bad bitch like me, is hard to find.
RT : In all seriousness, the Heat are a terrible team.
So top heavy.
But the bottom guys are just awful
: I have several twitter accounts for different purposes, but it's kind of a pain.
tonight in Troy, MI.
So stoked to see again.
Taco Shop burrito before my night class was probably a bad idea.
Tangible Love video's Where Are You Going or When He Wasnt doctornking
Heh.
Buy the paper book.
That would probably make them happiest of all.
;
you have a couple of hours left hang in there
Im Starting A Clothing Line..What Should I Call It?
hey I'm from tnn to
it would seem under FERPA, students should already own their professorle, but perhaps they are not making the best use of it
Im Chilling Now !
Thank you for your support!
Hope you got it just like you like it.
Welcome back to Texas!
Dog Park at josephine and colfax is still mostly white people.
Kind of thought my first tweet abt it mite change this.
Only thing I see is..Beautiful people!
Create a Journey of life map to tell your
Hahaha...
.
So is tht a no ?RT : u not playin!
Weed head
The invasion begins in 1 hour 11 minutes and 45 seconds
Essentially youre moving the intelligence from the switches to commodity servers.
Cheaper switches, more flexibility.
I feel ya been overdoing it myself but hey you only live once.
Going to the horse race track here tmister to bet on the derby excited
RT : Won the shark tank TribeFest competition to make a Yom Kippur ECARD!
Now all we need is an enthusiastic
great work yesterday!
fresh clothing send me link
I'm readjusting to make some much needed changes and take my game to a whole nother other level!!!
May be kidding a bit.
Reasonably priced though.
Have to say Sunday's are always the most interesting day of the week.
June Bug gave the bird back to me today.
aw 
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
Mohandas Gandhi
AmericanIdol Hollie killed it!
Great beginning to the show!!!
u went in tho I'm like damn 25 sounds lol
On the way to the salon in this freezing cold snow!
doctorse's first points of the game, made with 3 red shirts on him.
That's just how we do.
ha yeah except this is Jewlie for the millionth time!
thank you for following us.
we think that a child can make a family happy when they can't have childoctorn, it's better than abortion!
R.I.P.
Heavy D and Joe Frazier!!!
To great losses from the African American Community!
Rob Wheelwright added weight, strength in the offseason.
The results showed: ''I feel like I became more of a playmaker.'
I've already tried :
Joe Johnson sucks, why is his contract 100 mill
TMinus One Hour!
Get ready for the NEW YEAR!
This place is burnin Up!!!
Ball is about to doctorp!
Power Wagging
she went to valley.
Graduated 01.
have you researched how chocolate is used for athletic recovery,for the polyphenols?
sounds good to me!
I'm still in the, get utterly destroyed by anyone I play online phase.
but bringing over the glasses is such a laborious task.....
That's awesome!
it was half wolf?
those are crazy.
I had a friend with one and it literally ate one of the seats in his car.
Thanks for a great conversation today at
oh shucks why not
your momma :
?
what is this how decipher
Wait wht u have a degree..
Damn fooled me
Hey neat!
That patch of subcutaneous pimples is a lot like a sheet of bubble wrap.
Filled with pus.
Thanks for all your RTs!
Very much appreciated.
Glad to work with you
your new picture is awesome:B mora because you are in there: ILY!
that's al me!
Funny to me how people always argue against a player who has good stats, but can't win, then also argue against winner who has weak stats
Keep forgetting how hot Nikki Whelen is in Hall Pass.
AH STAND UP AND SHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTTTT
haha i'm so funny sly digs are everywhere
Stuck in traffic from Pittsburgh til the end of time.
Great NYE in Toronto with
Thank you for following us!
Can we get a gocougs?
Arriving late to THATCamp this morning.
Folks planned some really exciting sessions!
Get ready for hint  2: Once you arrive look out for the Twitter Guy, Gregg!
He'll have your WBC tickets ready to go!
Location TBA!
check online might be some items remaining implied there might be more stock added
butterfly for my garden..for that I've longed
Hail Satan
get angry .
i dont care .
if you havent realized my situation is bigger than you so just fade into the background.
Happy birthday everyone!
Tis the season!
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
Ares just released a new sigle with the current lineup!!!
GO CHECK IT OUT!!!
ITS FUCKING AWESOME!!!
Now catching the train to Manchester.
All I know about Manchester I learned from the Smiths.
Cannot contain my excitement.
Seriously.
OMG.
3
I was impressed though.
I'm not shocked.
I meet more dumb people than intelligent ones every day.
lolz still works most of the time.
i think they're just being defensive
Today in 1926, doctor Robert Hutchings Goddard launched the worlds first successful liquidfuel rocket!
Minnesota Legislature: TV, Web to provide full endofsession coverage
What do you know when you see three rabbits walking down the street wearing tuxedos and top hats?
You know you need a psychiatrist!
I like
5pm, hurry up and get here, please...
Whatever you do this summer, visit earthmatrixdotcom often because I will start posting paleoanimations and hidden images in ancient art.
3:39 left!
Argghh this is when I start ACTUALLY caring.
If you think it's OK to reduce the deficit WITHOUT raising taxes on the highest earners, just by slashing Medicare than vote Republican
RT : A huge thank you to and all who helped, inspired, and made this film and evening possible.
ZS
RT : Capital Update: Had a conf call with a CRE lender that wants to originate 100 million in loans before the end of the yr
I want my picture with
J Swear Ppl Irritates Me
Wow, this girl hand hairy
ALEX Thanks for thinking of me.
Can I be honest?
BIG food is not one of my favorite subjects.
Good food is better.
When is it?
loud noises make her toes rings hurt
What is going on with my 3g service
S/O to my new follower thanks for the follow mami
FF follow him!!
ugh, twitter stopped pushing to my phone!
sorry I've missed you ladies!
Around Friday?
Lady in front of me asked her husband why everyone was booing Lucroy.
I giggled.
Packing for Orlllannddoooo stoked :
We're heading to Milwaukee this afternoon for my nephew's First Communion.
Goooooodmorning, how'd you sleep?
Do it.
and what exactly has Dan Snyder done recently to justify that?
Is there a mailed newsletter to which I can subscribe?
Finding stuff is low hanging fruit.
Its all about relationships, finding their passion, and being a model learner.
Thanks for following, Courtney!
Kato kaelin performed at the same open mic as joe tonight.
oh los angeles....
Ok!
One more final!
Woo!
My mom says the YouTube of the 1986 Bears SuperBowl Shuffle is too grainy and she can't tell them apart.
I think she's just racist.
:/ I have no idea who to talk to about that.
It would be so amazing to see you guys though.
I always miss 11:11, so i guess i'll never get a follow from you :
1DVDforme 1DVDcaptainoncomp and stroke, stroke!
C'mon lads!
put your backs into it!
my day was great!
Work, not so much!
Weird vibe at the club!
You Vegas bound?
Have you seen the crew around town or near the Oakland Hills?
Ooh girl you know I'm tryin ; RT thank's mama!
now it's your turn!
you already got the mag cover!
ya K's are cool and sometimes u need them but easier for a lil grounder or pop out haha and saves ur arm
I wrote a book called Food Lovers' Guide to Seattle, I would love to send you a list.
Can I Dm you?
IMO, AMC is kicking everyone else's ass for original content.
Yes, even
Thanks man, words of wisdom!
Have a good one, cheers!
i heart the Hollywood Bowl.
I heart Dudamel.
Dudamelts my heart.
Though the key word there is probably idly :
Most Womens problems with Men aren't because of Men, its because of other Women!
Just landed at knoxvilke tn.
Now to locate my bags.
well today is gonna be alot of doctorma but im just gonna avoid it and not gonna be childish like them.
aw that's sweet :
jose: What wud u do if u wer that mother?
This is y this is a civil rights issue, this is y this is an issue that affects us all
so what's new w u?
Where do you get the most customer feedback  Twitter?
Facebook?
Blogs?
Find your dominant platform, and captainvate that audience!
Holy crap, Read to the People is only one week away!!!!
I'm glad everyone feels the need to make me feel like crap!
Although HCV was not discovered until April 1989, an estimated 170 million people worldwide are infected by the virus
Explorer, FireFox, Chrome..Where will it end!
ETC was just featured in the Miami Herald !
Check out the article in Today's People Section!
Never regret.
If it's good, it's wonderful.
If it's bad, it's experience.
Victoria Holt
Is there anything so terrifying than a ghost Chick Hearn howling as the midnight wind?
You as well!
that would be a hell of a billboard for marketing !!
Your business would boom!
Great mug shot...
right on...
I actually have a lot of family in the area so who knows???
XO Burning Man this year?
I'll never understand why 90 of the girls around here get pregnant then turn gay.
It makes absolutely no sense.
But oh well!
Do watcha do!
Miss you man!
i actually love MCMB, i saw Faithless and was like whoa OO Mencho
Saw the space shuttle by DC!!
So awesome!
We're looking forward to attending tomorrow!
Will we see you there?
I would agree that if we are God's childoctorn, His sons  daughters we would be motivated to obey it, at least pieces of it
When you have an inspired thought, you must trust it and act on it.
Temporarily down.
Flashmobbed again.
We are going to be scaling up our capacity this evening to ensure this doesn't happen in the future.
I want to write a series of posts highlighting Nashville labels and their bands.
Talk to me Nashville musicians  labels!
Thanks for letting me know Jill.
Stellamae
Come work off the chocolate Easter bunnies with me!
I am teaching Barbell at 5 followed by Studio Cycle at 6
WaysToMakeMeHappy Food Lots of it
How much are the elevate shirts?
Wednesday is definitely think about the weekend time
A quick heads up about a new documentary Jonathon Hock directed for ESPN called UNGUARDED.
tonight 8 p.m.
i was gunna say something nasty but nvm...lol;P
leonard misses so all is forgiven.
Thank you Steph for helping me with that mistake!!
Much obliged!
Don't ever think that what you're doing is anything less than amazing.
You have 11 million people that love and adore you.
Okay I would LOVE Merle Haggard.
For serious.
googles
is getting really into bullying.
Brian David Johnson talking about IXR  Intel Labs in our SF Prototyping workshop
Hey Mitch been watching your videos for a while always good insight !
I'll appreciate if you check out my video .
on a conference call with Senior Advisor to the President David Axelrod to discuss Health Care Reform
The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was, the present worse than it is, and the...
LOST DOG ALERT!!
Mooresville area: Zeus  brindle boxer with a cleft lip.
Almost 2 years old.
Please call Elisabetth at 7653432319.
If I never see another novel that turns on a dark family secret from the past it'll be too soon.
where did you hear that??
I hope so!
I'm RT'ing u verbatim tho...
Oo RT And needs to stop retweeting me before she has people thinking I'm ignorant lol
Um so I walk into work and Gloria Estefan is shooting something in the restaurant.
Never a dull moment here...
twitter is like talking at people...
at least one step up
: In a survey of middle school American childoctorn, 92 were able to name 20 celebrities but failed to name 10 countries.
The problem with binging on TV series: Christmas episodes out of season.
miss you big head .
Doing a collab video with an awesome YouTuber!
:D
searching for my good old wadsworthanthology for a little theatrical reading...
hopefully that was easy enough?
Welcome
: Make someone smile today: A word spoken at the right time is like gold apples on a silver tray.
Mhmm : im the last person to write and yeah I thought angle would pick Forrest but I don't mind :
Blackeyed peas for dinner tonight, here's to a lucky 2012!
Kick it on the beach and just
just voted....GOOD LUCK MEOW
RT if you are 110 IN LOVE with
ThoughtsAtWalmart im hungry
Eh he's off the ice now.
Just Frolik, Olsen Leddy  Kitchen left.
Fellas, there is absolutely NOTHING you shouldn't be willing to do for your girl in front of your friends.
Blake Griffin
IDK where they are from, but there is a sect of Europeans that wear the worst, most hideous jeans.
Kinda like our Ed hardy or true religion
1 month of unlimited tanning for 25 at UTan in Madison.
For details go to www.dealoria.com
Work forced me into that CO  SF move in 2008 and I said no.
Suffered for a bit because of it, but no regrets.
lol you just described my past nights in btown....
To the T
Our Easter hours are 8:30 am3 pm.
Hop on by for a Lavender Hot Chocolate or Veggie Powerhouse.
let me find out u got Ur lol
Gronkowski was open but he went to Danny Woodhead instead.
TOUCHDOWN Patriots.
Patriots lead 109.
Niggas Love To Discredit Iverson.
3x Leader in Steals But Niggas Saying He Cant Play D..dats impossible in the NBA BTW
do you mind following me  your welcome 3
Had a difficult time climbing the stairs to get up to my apartment.
Quad day was a success.
Thanks.
My husband called support line/all was taken care of.
Still my statement about how long it takes to pickup a part...
Has anyone seen Tenure?
Great movie.
So...
The Avengers may be the best super hero movie to date...
Im 19 years young and things arent getting any better.
We see that, but oddly the transaction did not process.
Can you delete your reply buy and reply buy again?
Sorry.
Thanks for the promo!
gotta love xs :
Listen to an idiot, you become an idiot!
It's that simple really!
Be wise about where you get advice from!
;
Thanks for stopping by Down to party with us Saturday Night brotha!
DJ Greg Pic djgregpic.com
Our artists are primarily from Austin, Texas region, however, our base of talented musicians is growing!
To a pop AR, the 2012 equivalent of If, I, Should Stay  Is the opening piano bars of Adele's S'one Like You must hear it 3 times a day
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than going to a garage makes you a mechanic.
I'm not saying his shirtless professorle pic was old but he was wearing a pilgrim's hat and churning butter.
she must have been at that Shell with the messed up pump huh?
Damn glitches.
knows abt those discounts.
Great interview with BoJackson, but now I'm 25 minutes late to work.
i love how ppl says they will always be their for you but none of them are ever their when you really need them lol...
Just now watching the epic halftime show.
Madonna always brings it.
She is so amazing!!!
Pacers won.
The Dos Equis guy says stay thirsty ....horrible advice because now guys are trying way too hard lol.
Just signed up for a Vyew account.
Which do you like?
RT : WFFConf12 A lot of people have gone further than they could because someone else thought they could.
D.DeHaas
: I like Mafs!
It's cool xD
Wear your Halloween costume to the library today and come enjoy spooky stories...Story times are 9:15, 11:15, and 2:15.
that was Ralph from Happy Days!!
Yes.
I got my contacts in.
Soon happy.
Lol
Omg Take Me Home Tonight has to be the best movie of all time!
topher grace is so cute!:
Networking on the Cape tonight, interesting people and great deep dish pizza at Chicago Pizza
We exault Your name
email us at
Happy Birthday
Painting my nails 3
Everyone please introduce yourself, your biz, your website and blog addoctorss
: Sometimes you will never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory.
RT : Ariel Pink video still up on maybe for another day...George added some great psychedelic pulsing.
Intuitive leadership is a complicated combination of thinking, acting and influencing
thanks, I'll check out the other tracks in due course
This looks interesting, a live African Safari Cam.
www.africansafaricam.com
: I keep the cat inside not to protect the birds, but to protect the cat from coyotes...
As everyone should.
thanks for following!
LOL HILL STILL CALL YOU IT BUT HOW IS IT REALLY SPELLED
You're too kind!
:D
aww it means you only live once...
Lol
would've been fun to see you use it.
that's a fun thing you guys are doing on the live show.
love it.
doctorpword rules :
800 Degrees is good, so is Bibigo, Native Foods, the Stand, and Five Guys opened for the first time 3 hours ago.
That awful moment when your toes are so cold right before you go to bed, but you hate wearing socks to bed so your basically
Don't lie about who you are to get him to like you because chances are he will hate you, if he ever finds out the truth.
Last chance to grab those Tickets!
RT this post with DealSaverSac and you will be entered to win!
8 minutes left!
Likewise!
RT Great job tonight!
It was good to see and work with you again.
: Okay i really like him 3 nobody know but me!
andthatshowitsgonnastay I know right?
big happy birthday shout out to the homey aka second half to Usual Nonsense.
Hope you turn doctoramsintoreality this year.
you have no time for me anymore...you'd always ask me to go outside....
i did.
i never wanted both of us to be alone...but you have friends.
Thanks for the follow Paul
Adore that movie.
:
Thought about it, but then I figured I didn't want a video of me frowning and skipping floating around the internets.
Just gave away 490 with Beat The Buzzer!!
Your next chance at the cash is happening at 3pm!
Goodmorning H.Y.I.F
Paul George
My girl graduates today :!
Proud of you
RT FPA CEO Marv Tuttle announces that he will retire from FPA in June 2014.
Has strategic plans he will doctorve over next 2 yrs
do your thing
Idaho gave me my first minor frostbite yesterday.
Thx Idaho.
Canada's not too far from us actually
can u give us a hint??
BREAKING; Goodell forces Saints to take Tebow
also clearly new ground on capabilities, realities, and expectations for 'VTC's
I want to keep all the money, but my mother is making sure I don't.
Lol.
Tomorrow chats w/ comedian !
Tune in at 11AM CST on www.uctcradio.com
I'm ungrounded!!!
Lets do something this week!
So sick of doctorma, fuck the world!
if aint douched in years u r undateable lol
CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 22
PHOTOS: Nature imitates art  MetroWest Daily News
Have I thanked you here for listening lately?
Nope, so thanks for listening!
Fridaythe13th let's get weird
Because I really, really, REALLY want you to follow me.
Big day for Zionsville Community Schools.
We hear from both sides of the referendum debate...and a teacher set to lose her job w/a NO vote
Yes!
If I can get off puppy duty tonight, Candy and I are going.
Not sure about Tony.
I'll ask him.
Why are you still in my Timeline?
I unfollowed you!
Yea that blows!!
Wut r u doin this Saturday?
We r playin at an Irish Pub...
guaranteed to get TWISTED!
When who  what you can be, becomes more important than who  what you currently are...
you're life will change forever.
Up and at 'em for Gladiator Games!
My mother knows how to make everyone in the room feel uncomfortable....
Find the Best Deals on the web!
The best FREE tool on the web to find deals on all products compare prices against all major shopping...
20ThingsAboutMe; 8.
I lose friends easily but it isn't hard for me to gain new ones.
they r mine
Don't be in a rush to doctorp music.
Take your time with it.
FYI!
But don't forget we have another study taking place this Thurs.
Retweet to your friends!
idk some of the stuff u say here seems different from inteviews Ive watched n y the negstuff with ur dad?u didnt like it done2u
I'm just sayin, I've faked so many orgasms, I have more invisible childoctorn than Kony.
Home from Peyton's Acting/Modeling/Dance Showcase...She gave me EXACTLY what I wanted for Mother's Day..made me the proudest mommy in th ...
: Today when I saw you, I wanted to slap you in your face.
With a brick.
oh snap harsh!!!
Lol ;P
I Cant Make You Love Me.
Good morning!
Happy FF to you all!
heat person please come soon.
one of my cats just licked me and her tongue stuck to my hand.
wish you were here with us!!!
since no one is reply...ill gladly say that i am :D
Running out of time to pay the IRS?
payUSAtax can help.
Pay your taxes with a credit card today!
ha ha lol why u tellin the truth though!
I'm watchin it right now
I miss him too.
He was so damn good.
Nice to meet you too!
Nice pic, where are you located?
:
Doubt that Surly beer would actually make it to Boston!
thanks for the shout out!
lol typo!
great site btw, love the idea!
our system could be very beneficial for getting your idea out.
PM us a email for info.
Happy Monday Cleveland!!
well right now I can't think of a come back lol
A.
Tommasini's recent NYTimes article on opera vs.
musical theater has already been mentioned twice.
Guess I have to read it now.
: 100 bid acceptance isn't crazy ..
it's just a sign you're doing dynamicrecruitment
Five Favorite Films with Maggie Grace After her stint on the island of J.J.
Abram's Lost , Maggie Grace has taken to the big screen with
Girl calls from jail.
I ask what was she arrested for?
Answer I think an undercover Cop grabbed my Boob.
Again why?
He wouldnt let go.
The Michael Jordan commercial gets me every time!!
I know you are!
Get me these records.
Rico sent me some tracks a few days ago that are fire!!
This is the same LeBron we've seen before in the postseason.
He's not a closer!
I love my city yo.
I can't wait to go back.
I thought we told each other everything.
apparently not...
Signed copies of Shiro available at Sakura Matsuri this weekend.
Phrase of the day: ICT enabled, not ICT doctorven
Going to work my ass off this wk and wknd, so that I can have Valentine's Day all for myself.
3 me and my bffs
ThankYouAlex For everything you do !!!
I tweet, therefor I am.
Literally have done nothing the last two days but take care of my best friend  watch movies.
More than okay with it 
WHAT DO I GOTTA DO TO GET YOU TO FOLLOW ME??
:o
: Whoever dies with the most money, possessions, and power...still dies.
It's an empty ambition.
awh!
But it's good!
It's amazing to see who actually plays Elmo!
What Bill did was Absolutely amazing!
Feels so good to put my feet up....
Ah maybe a bubble bath is in order tonight:
that is WAY too funny.
Thanks for making me laugh.
thanks love!
TY for the follow!
hope you enjoy Brandon
We both care about Augusta youth and that's the most important!
It's not about us it's about the kids!
Everyday is going by so fast...
IISuperwomanII Invades BollyFusion Tonight  The Empire!!!
BollyFusion bringing the Hottest South Asian Events in NYC
craving starbucks so hard right now
I only speak that real SHIT ima write a book
awww thanks that is so sweet of you!
:
A comforting thank you to for taking measurements to do custom upholstered seating in the Homeless Coach!
Nice day can't wait to see the lovely later!
Way too soon  you should know that.
Cause she only know the songs from Take Care.
Missed a great meeting tonight for
Easy to make Cream Cheese: How to make Cream Cheese!
by Zsuzsy Bee
Although those wishing for a full preview of can catch the show already Jan 13  Jun 3, 2012
Watshing some classic matches from the mid 80's!
This guy was naturally entertaining!
Lmao yea I need 2 laugh were u at ugly
My big fat american gypsy wedding is on next.
I gotta get my gypsy on.
THANKS for the RT!
:
you could tweet them or email them, they always DM me so either way
hope you are having a great day my BFF.
I have to take Terry to V.A.Hospital today.
Luv and Hugs
Highly engaged employees are 87 less likely to leave their organizations than highly disengaged employees
sometimes I wonder why my best guy friend had to get married.
Why do the good die young????!?!?!
TT
Whether for a home or business, Thompson's Clean Team has the equipment and skills to fully clean all types of carpeting.
My new goal in life is to not care about keeping up w/ the Jones  to just enjoy myself  my money will still roll in, just gotta work more
Just something to brighten up the room as well as my life.
Did she do any skin scrapes??
Oh...and what is ur fave everyday doctornk??
That's exactly what I ended up getting!
I make people jealous with my superlong battery life!
What a douche.
about to go eat some yummy Mexican food!!
:
Followed new tweeps, FBs always appreciated.
If you are Red Sox fan, qoute, tweet truth, news,or just real from the heart follow I may FB
Stop by the Championships on Sat.
to see our Team ZICO athletes , Sean Scott, , Stay Hydoctorted!
Thanks, Amy, for the comment and RT!
DukeCityTrucks thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Puerto Rico has been in a recession for 6 years
What a beautiful morning.
Colorado Weather is great this time of year.
Looking forward to reception with tonight.
Of the many programs my dad created, he said he was proudest of Legal Services.
Congratulations !!!
See you in July!
Almost time for Boot Camp!
Getting a good PreWorkout meal in so I can Work Out with you guys!
My mom love instant tickets
I did bro broo
I miss Clair bear
I'm never going down, I'm never giving up, I'm never going to leave so put your hands up.
If you like me, then say you like me.
:
Oh awks...
I never called u back...
my b :/ lol
Jump right in  answer a question from to be entered to win a great giveaway from
LMAO,tell em I said, I DO WHAT I WANT!Lol
bitch might merk me before her album doctorp
Watched One Day last night.
Well that was depressing!
WatchNow NO!
Get ready
I don't want to know why I found a crumpled up paper towel in the stacks
Thanks for visiting!
just questioning trust..
and the people in my life.
A lovely day in chicago comes to a close.
Are we sure this isn't Colorado?
I have horrible bedside manner, maybe because I'm not a doctor and hospital patients don't like strangers...
ty you rock!!!
There is a mean girl at the park bugging my girl.
I feel my momma bear coming out...grrrrr
Starting a new job !!
HELLO Mary Kay 3
.
Thank you so much for the signed bookmarks and bookplates, friend.
How nice of you to send these.
I passed them out to readers!
thanks for the follow!
I will look forward to you and tweeting from Chicago.
you're really pretty x
It's the story of a homunculus who gains free will.
What about you?
Yes they're having a get some jumpers up party at Koch arena..
9 PMuntil....RT : Anything going on in Wichita tonight?
Wonder why people act like they care about you when something happens but when you out of sight you definately out of mind
i wonder what hipster djs will try to remix 2pac to?
dinosaur jr., joy division, joy division might work, bjork?
i wonder
Long Island Medium.
go play in the snow!
The Notebook
waited a bit too late..
what channel was it on?
I'm glad you called!
Luff yew  RT : Having a bad day?
Call up one of your good friends and make their and your day better 
IbizaSaturdays EVERYONES FREE!
YOU ALSO RECEIVE FREE CUTLINE w/ RSVP Text ClimaticNationDMV to 74455
Paying to be in a contest and paying to perform are no where near the same.
Smh.
Just saw and it was amazing.
I had several moments of tears but what a great love story based on a real couple!
ah I just realized I haven't wished you a happy birthday yet!
Have a great one!
Thanks so much for mentioning us.
Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself and know that everything in this life has a purpose.
go Nick go!
just got in some more Zym!
we have berry and lemonlime.
come get yours!
because you're so high on it???
Catching Up With the Director of the Met
MUCH LOVE TO ALL OCCUPIERS!
Stay peaceful.
The world is ready and watching!
Thanks for the tweet  did you mean to include a link to a video?
A string of miserable interactions that required me to be a lot more mature and careful than I care to ever be.Yesterdaysucked
Ok, after a pleasant morning reading news, I have about 18 hours of grading to do!
Cosentino: Be diligent with your notes.
Many firms will scoop them up after the interview and use it as a data point.
What's up Boston?
How's it going?
Things feeling a bit tense?
AreRedSoxNewMets fb
We're loving this tweet!
and you Candice!
: Loving this app!
Re: Surrey Earworm from yesterday  caught myself singing I'm just a girl who can't say no.
Send help.
SAVE.
GIVE.
FEEL GOOD.
That's our motto!
Deals coming soon that give back 10 to Nonprofessorts in Albuquerque Rio Rancho Santa Fe
Class is in session...sharing great strategies  ArtistaTips with my group!
Anybody I know playing Folklife?
A colleague is looking for writeup recs.
confused, lost..
you name an emotion and I'm prob that besides happy :
I will check that out
I WANT!!
save me some for sunday!!
lol xD
When you have a story to tell you must know the right time to tell it!
Congratulations you guys and the to the newest addition to AV Archives!
: We'll expect her at 9 on Monday.
I won't be the one falling for it
With exit polls showing extreme voter indifference, the GOP nominee will most certainly emerge as a damaged candidate.
Beautiful day for the metro to run on time.
20 min early to a meeting and enjoying every min of it
Come see Irish films B'Gosh and Begorrah with the family at the Western Branch on March 17th at 2pm.
Call 2824639 for more information.
Aw, that's unfair.
Today is a beautiful day!
Things are going great, I am so blessed.
astdalc will cop cannalbolize local membership?
Oh okay.
I just logged into my twitter and was so excited that I had a notification.
My day  now ruined :/
Play our lead singer in words with friends 662aaron662
Smoking ls all the time my mind must be fried
Loved the 49ers win over of the Saints and I'm loving the Denver/Patriots game!
Go Patriots!!!
same, bored!
We're back: just in time for today's beautiful weather.
Doesn't it make you want to begin planning your fall garden?
my birthday is in 4 days  f I'm getting old o.o
Hi Matt, wanted to reach out to see if you would be interested in a contract UI position in Philadelphia?
Some people spend their entire life looking for happiness.
It's a hard thing to come by so when you find it you work hard to keep it!!
Trying to get rid of the underscore in , twitter wont do username support anymore, any suggestions..?
sweet doctorams ...
bye
rumors saying you leaving...
say it ain't so
I just want everything to be all right....
The City Insight is coming to a city near you, even if you are not in the Triangle area of North Carolina...
stay tuned!
Protect me from my sins
Would love to cohost a wine tasting when you guys open up!!
Can't wait to check it out!
Are you a worker worried about your job or the turmoil at the company?
or know an employee how is?
Direct Msg me please!
girl ya boy is ridiculous!
lmao
me wants :
of course your sister would say that..all sisters say that.
and i think he was having a bad day, no worries
I always thought doctorwould kick all other anchormens asses.
canntt wait to be with you tonight!!!!!!!!!!
Watching and its interesting how they only talk about spurs when something goes wrong for them..
Can you charge an iPhone with an iPad charger?
Or will it hurt the phone?
Wow!
He was a great man and I'm happy I was able to feature him in my book.
did u enjoy my dance moves?;
Hey Lucie!
Glad to see you're still blogging away.
;
,you may try to stop me from reaching my goals but the goals has been set with 200 showes .
YouTube stand up to all fans love comment on
congrats!!
:D
FAV BAD GIRL FROM THE BAD GIRLS CLUB CAMILLA hands down she took over  stood up for herself
aw.
valentine's.
I hate being on probation.
I believe I only have one more year.
Woot.
Haha.
Hate this place!
No school!!!!!
:D storm in new york
All you have to do is send that number over.
I'll make sure it's all taken care of.
I'm chunky and I know it!!
It certainly can be a minefield, although I feel like folks can sometimes overcomplicate : 
Hey, I'm fine thanks for asking.
What about you?
:
Mom n Pop businesses, local startups can compete with global giants thanks to social media tools.
Is your business using them effectively?
RT Be careful what u wish for..cause when u see it in front of u with your own 2 eyes..u mite have a change of heart
i hate dogs...
I'm hungry for real....
Like I need some substance...
Yeeaahh.
Think I'm going to go back to sleep.
:
I've got my grocery list ready just in case haha
Thank you to everyone for all your wonderful birthday wishes and lovely messages for Friday!
I have amazing friends!
You guys made my day xx
you never text me anymore!
goodnight :
yay!
and i meant that literally: i still prefer asking twitter to searching google.
more fun.
if that would make you feel better, then yes we can.
Lmao :P
15 off your next order!
Enter coupon code AlmostHalloween on your cart page.
Ends 10/25/10 http:/www.goodoctorck.com
you're so far away :
I think I'm dying from imported monster
In 1898 Louisiana Invented the Grandfather Clause other states soon followed.
Look it up if you are thinking about NOT voting
ha, that is too funny;
Along with the semester fee increase?
I love that idea.
But curious how to handle API Versioning with that concept /cc
Thank you, you're awesome!
i highly suggest getting something out .By the way dont forget to take your Bible!
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked are you 's little sister?
No, I don't know a Lindsey.
I remember dudes basically doctorving from their back seat bumpin Sprinkle Me..bass more expensive than their camister lol
Who's ready for some Rice football?!
Come join try some of the St.
Arnolds' CentenniAle and cheer on the Owls!
If the Blues are gonna score, why can't my Blues score??
Just asking!!
It is once again baseball season and all is right with the world
RT : Jordan hill will fill in nicely.
First round we will be fine.
If it was vs Memphis id be concernedpart2 :
Wat Im I gonna do today?
yes, one more hour!
Really enjoying my first walk to work in 2 weeks.
Now how do we keep DC this cool and pleasant for the rest of July?
21 days holy shit that's a long time
Sounds like you found a workaround?
But I'll still take a look at that stack trace  OperationContract if you'll post it.
wow u should have taught her first on how not to get caught jk
This bitch is wit that shit this Am...bitch!
I need these nails soaked off
Watching Sneakers with Mac...love me some Robert Redford!
well dang it!
I'm sorry I missed it: inappropriate lolz are my fav.
Difference is the while still a doacracy, it's based on what you do for doctorpalCon, not doctorpal or d.o.
It relies on volunteers.
we're excited to work with you!
Thanks for stopping in today :
man its gon be a snowball effect g you gon see!!!!!
watch what i say
covers eyes
This is really crazy.
Guess what's happening tomorrow at 7:30pm HERE at Christ For The Nations?!
Now that the Minnesota Vikings stadium bill has passed the MN House, the bill moves to the senate.
The vote will be held tomorrow
Police believe that gunshots fired at the home of a local attorney are related to the shooting of his colleague in March....
Heads up mobile dev students  MTC  MDC club meeting today 4 pm, Wolfson 7128.
See you there!
I want to be in LA so bad right now..
someone to Kum home to hold the fort down
RT : Productivity Fact: An uncluttered workspace increases your ability to focus on the task at hand.
a noun is a word that denotes other words that denote people, places, things or ideas got that's doctor and pedantic.
Just kill me now
Your welcome lol
That awkward moment when you run into that one girl who hates you ...
doctornks are on the House, I'm hopin'?
: Thank you!!
Hope to see you Saturday!!
Countdownto30 you will most certainly will!
Can't wait!
oh Cortez...you're such a killer
The sun's in my heart and I'm ready for love.
agreed.
People should be able to marry whoever makes them happy
So riled up just because i was talking to you.
Now i cant sleep.
Ah.
small world, Maria....half my friends went to Notre Dame.
Fingers crossed for all...
Going out for a walk..
I brought lager with me for byo.
I'll hook you up.
Hey, 6PM church bells, give it a rest.
all five are grown and it was wonderful!
We are going out to AZ May 11!
Can't wait!
yayyy!
haha I know I remember :
Big thanks for tweeting!
that woman knows what to do observations with
Just getting my boo from work!!!
:
there is more to it if u have not heard by nowwill just say personal situation.
News is only saying it's an isolated incident.
wait, is it's the remix the actual title of this song?
yep.
6th grade.
Man, I can't remember who teacher was.
Wow, almost 30 years ago.
Crazy isn't it?!?!
I'm soory.
I can't imagine what that's like for you girls and your Mom.
:
Bitch I'm, bitch I'm From Cleveland.
I freaking need to dye my hair.
This shit is fading FAST!
iq2atheism Come on!
Twitter's not deleting or censoring, trending topics don't stay there forever.
Logic?
Reason?
Really?
just came back from DarkShadows.
As a person who has never heard of the show before this movie, it was pretty cute.
Better than
This is why the Dolphins got ride of him.
doctorw Rosenhaus and he's demands are crazy!
Preparing for your finals?
When taking notes, in class or while doing a reading assignment, construct your study guide at the same time.
California Love.
33
I upgraded 2 phones yesterday.
One took 45 min the other over 2 hours, almost all backup time :
Im richs older more mature brother.
RT : are you guys related?
but of course
Why won't cats just leave me alone.
Why are they constantly asserting cat privilege.
Only 10 follwers shy of 100!
Can you get us there?
Mike Maker on Hansen after KYDerby We didn't have the best horse...we weren't good enough.
Even as you hear my prayers, O God, let me listen for the cries of others and show them your love.
RT
thank you!
:D
It's National No Socks Day!
Summer is on it's way kick off your shoes  let your feet enjoy some freedom.
: May your pockets be heavy,Your heart be light, And may good luck pursue you,Each morning and nightIrish Toast
: CHRONICLE  Annoying high school punks use The Force.
One of the worst films I've seen Maybe there'll be a sequel!
Yikes.
Don't forget about the UMKC Composers' Guild tonight at White Hall  7:30
yep!
we play at 6 pm
FF for your chance to Win a Free VIP ticket to help save kids with cancer on May 1 at !
We are always happy to help.
Service above self!
good work man  looks awesome
Somebunny knows!
RT : So excited for today's crawfishboil at !
Who else is going?
the new vimeo looks like it has some nicly embdded social features.
i'm looking fwd to feeds.
Whaddya think
I know you think I'm just a parking lot attendant sitting out here, but I parked in the GM's spot this morning so I'm kind of a big deal.
If you are not watching it, turn on the Iona/BYU game.
Some crazy stuff going on in this game
Creed walks into a bar...there's no punchline because ruining music isn't funny.
BURN!!
Out to brunch!
mar vista, the neighborhood between culver city  Venice.
it's dull.
cc has no nightlife  Venice/ SaMo is too expensive!
Check out the mixtape the link is on my professorle let me know what's poppin
hey thanks!
I am showing my collage art at Bottle Cap on Powell for the month of May and June..
Come check my work out!!
we need to buy our tickets
ha word.
How'd your shoot go?
El Dooque encourages all the LAtin ladies to Tapatio
Be strong.
I voluntarily explored there Spotify page this morning.
my vision is blurry .
That's great news!
Thanks for being such a champion for women's rights.
And now: TWELVE REASONS ...
why ladies should be educated for the practice of medicine among their own sex and childoctorn...
CNN obviously is owned by an antiPaul corporation but on the noncorp web you are a TRUE LEADER of the PEOPLE!
On April 1, 213 homeless DC families were in motels; 273 at DC General; 148 in temporary shelter; 308 on the shelter waiting list.
nice to chat with you as well!
Babe Ruth's favorite radio show was The Lone Ranger.
The best place to start is USF PRSSA.
You can doctorp by my office if you want to chat.
thank you based Javi
17.6 of facebook pages belong to local businesses.
lol I just hit a homerun with david wright!!
I'm killing the nats!
very true
Your fresh ideas maybe your future
On the way to Charleston SC for staff meeting.
1 day only.
Not going to have enough time to enjoy one of their amazing restaurants.
:'
Done and Done boys!!!
The moon is huge!
too many dope tv shows for you to unsubscribe
A strong independent woman whouldn't asc a man to do anything for her that sue chouldn't do for herself
That would be ValoisSee Your Food The Original House of Pancakes is also delicious!
yeah.
I bought that but its too complicated.
I use mixcraft.
RT if you watched Valentine's day just to see Taylor Swift.
I did :
Getting ready to go the Washington Freedom and DC United Double Header.
I hope the thunderstorms miss the stadium.
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 27
Well thank you for making sure they did 3
Just because today is a terrible day doesn't mean tomorrow won't be the best day of your life...You just have to get there.
oh and i got 2 words for you abel.
FUCK YOU
Every week imma start my week off by sayin.....its some ugly ass people on dis campus
I do, too.
It had so much potential.
Girl soccer players are sexy!;!...hahaha
Yep.
it was mine.
1 frame every 5 seconds, all day long.
I'll have to edit though.
doctordensocial 7000 pictures.
Is there ever a chance you could come to Virginia?
I have a bunch of friends that wanna meet you too: Please!!!
3 3
getting deep bro
When the banquet rolls around in a couple weeks, tears will literally be streaming down my face.
I love these people so much.
3
Wild berry lemonade from Wendy's is phenomenal
Goodbye Wilson, it's been nice.
Hope you find your paradise!
Thanks, two Verlander starts definitely gave me a boost.
I've been waiting on Cruz's power to break through.
Ol hot ass hair balloon head nigga Lol
Just finished the 16 miles on Ozaukee Interurban trail.
This was awesome !
50 degrees, very nice trail ...
Playing Galaga in class like a boss
little boy is funny he was eating something.
I thought it was a booger.
xD True that I have today and Sunday.
I miss you!
Night of ghosties.
Ghost Lab on DVR and Ghosthunters.
Creepy.
Not really.
The front lawns of eight houses have the cooling effect of about 70 tons of
Can local governments ignore public health and safety to avoid the cries of persecution by the otherwise UNOCCUPIED?D
Feeling pretty good today
no way missy...not while I'm alive!
After a full week of factory visits w we DESERVE this wkend in Macau!
Lundquist is amazing RT Credit where credit is due ...
incredible save by Henrik
haha.
Fuel cost loser for the airline.
;
Was reading Hal Foster's Against Pluralism essay this morning.
I quit painting and then started again all in the space of a couple pages.
Bitchiness can be cured with a whole pizza and 1/4 of a chocolate cream pie...
or slightly smothered as it were.
I heard people talk about immortality, but I ain't seen it.
YOUR GUYS ANNIVERSARY IS ON MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!
That's awesome!
Any suggestions for cool things to do or connections to make?
Mandy says hello!
I am through with 12 of Who is He to You by Monique D.
Mensah
I can't believe the w4 bus i was on just hit a damn car.Metro is not having a good year at all.killings,shootings.just a bunch of neglect.
Who do you think was the biggest snub for the pro bowl this year??
I knew everyone would 4get tht 2day is my BDay so far this is the worst BDay ever
A person that truly loves you , will never let you go , no matter how hard the situation is .
A TON of Evolve Spray Paint and an AK47 for Christmas
i want you girl, and i need your body, right here.
wont you teleport to me?
your forgiven :
IfJustinWasMyBoyfriend I would have dump him that second idiot
Ugh!!!
I want to cut my hair off!
FOLLOW ME!!
I can't dm you :
In other words, it's the message, folks.
Not the medium.
Now if my friends and girlfriend were on my baseball team.
That a different story
Even if you don't agree with your girlfriend about a certain issue, it is still important that she is being respected, heard and understood.
where are you?
next week bro, I'm done with the semester, Monday afternoon?
And I wanted be on a organ...
and other people trying to eat local.
That's what inspired me.
That and people who try to only by from Black businesses
I bought that, but then I couldn't help but buy 20 things from the Users who bought this also bought...
list.
:
can you give me advice because next week I'm trying out for a crew and I'm nervous!
People don't come to talk to me about those scripts, because they probably think I'm this dark, twisted, miserable person
get the recovery ones.
They work wonders
I'm up way too early on a Saturday.
Np YG and Meek Mill  I'ma Thug
heyy i followed and your band and everything haha
Looking forward to hearing from you!
LOL...
you guys have a good night...
hve to edit some video...THAT I can do!!
have fun
Well, technically, Truman wasn't REelected in 1948, since he became president because of Fdoctors dying in office.
Whole Foods has spare rib HH tomorrow 57.
Miss you too cus, I'm good just staying busy.
How are you big man?
well done!
Follow me?
:
Birthing class?
; Or something else?
You deserve some kind of wholesome snack, stat.
exhausted but still awake working hard
That bowl of Lucky Charms hit the spot.
I love my bf .
Hes the greatest ever and I wouldnt trade him for nothing :
praying for you guys!
Yes!
I couldn't wait for season 2 though, so have already watched.
Everyone is in for a treat :
I came to the BBM campout from Chicago, with a broken arm!
Life long Cats Bball fan...
BBN stretches to Chitown!
GM thanks for making the World GLOW with your message.
There's a difference between holding down the fort and charging into battle ;
It is quite time consuming....
It was pretty hilarious.
;
i wanna buick ..so i can b ridin like shaq
Did you find the Matthew Luke Sandoval version of Samson?
If not, I can get it to you; just PM me!
First time  HillsideFarmacy.
Great place for glass of wine, oysters or small plates!
Staff is oozing hipness, as is the music.
Being able to write melodies is one of the joys of music.
Such a satisfying experience.
:
Hey people!
You no how ppl call bieber fever ?!
What about a name for hmm loving that:
What's to trip over Andoctorid having instagram?
Must not have anything else better to complain about.
Great professorle pic and background.
My aunt had her baby early this morning!
11/11/11 :D
I totally agree.
With the snails pace the golf industry moves at, get used to white
A rainy, cold, lateOctoberlike weekend in Portland: in other words, it's been a good couple days to sit around reading submissions
They need a bandaid where you take it off and it doesn't hurt!
Wednesday, August 17, is BMV Discount Day at the Indiana State Fair.
You will be admitted to the fair for half price by clicking this..
Seriously doubt it...lol Roof Roof!!
RT : Maybe next time he'll think before he cheat
ImSickOf waiting, and trying!
I didn't offer it cuz it wasn't very good, and I didn't want u to taste that.
HighDesertStaffing seeking exp courier/mailroom candidate w/a clean doctorving record and good credit.
Call 8813449 today, start tomorrow.
Rapp: Seinfeld, Topic: The Doctor ???
Yall are havin way too much fun!
Ur welcome: thank you :
I love all my followers that have followed me now after 2 days and to the person that hacked my last account I don't need it because Im a :
Q: We all know that a viola is better than a violin because it burns longer.
But why does it burn longer?
A: It's usually still in the case.
Attempting to function on 3 hours of sleep is no way to attempt anything...
The Spurs Big Three go back in the game with 3:51 left.
Pop wants to wrap this one up.
I know you are, but what is Madison?
whosgonnalose  Kansas City at Cincinnati  Kansas City will lose
A lot of people sounding off about Facebook buying Instagram.
What say you, people of the Internet?
That was my daughter's favorite moment in the movie, bar none.
It's a good 'un!
Also, how does the census know we have no dogs at our apartment??
Although a moving company provides liability insurance on items it moves by the pound, it might be wise to purchase additional insurance.
clearly I was wrong about a lot of shit in my life
are your colleagues reluctant to sign up for Twitter?
Kindly and gently offer to guide them through the steps.
Show them the possibilities!
Odd.
Why does Zotero escape HTML in memo fields?
E.g., pnbsp;/p.
Yech!
Any reason not to use XML and namespaces?
We will be on Check please this Friday!
Make sure to tune in and check us out..
gasp!
how long?
is in Thurs  Sun.
mini usguyS Get together?
eh?
eh?
never seen any such tweet or account...but have seen about a dozen of yours complaining about it ;
Thanks for sharing my posts and spreading the word about the Buddy Bike!
Never mind results q.
Reread your tweet ;.
Fav fat is ???
Love avocados, evoo, and coconut.
Not together of course.
: Students blasting gospel music during silent work time.
TURN THAT OFF!!
How can you deny Jesus??!
Some actors get distracted by 'friends' or 'some success', the ones who make it to the top, keep their eye on the prize.
The big prize.
WATCH EBON LURKS ON YOUTUBE  I REMEMBER WHEN I TINYCHATTED WITH HIM I LOVE HIM CAUSE HE LOVES HIS FANS PLUS HES SEXY P
done early for the day  have a great summer weekend and remember to protect those eyes with sunglasses!
RT : Get Excited!
47 Days until NABJ12 in NOLA!
11 days until rates increase by 170.
Register Today!
Elfman's score was an Elfman score.
swelled when needed swelling, etc.
a Tim Burton film is always a Tim Burton film
almost time to say goodbye to Community, 30Rock, and Parksandoctorc as shortened final seasons next yr is NBC code for cancelled 
Thrilled: is coming to , not thrilled: writing colors on signing line tkts makes me ?
how to spell citrus
I love you
Welcome look forward to watching you connect with your parents  students
let Silvy know Sunda is outstanding
You're looking gorge, Dougster.
Okay, Community, I finally get you.
You deconstructed not just sitcoms, but my heart.
on way to school..
Back kills D:
After reading tweets tonight he has become one of my favorite players...
Even wore my socks high tonight in my coed softball game
I couldn't do it :/ meh!
I'm on my way to San Diego ;
yup im not a cubs fan!
pay up for fantasy
is someone sponsoring your tweets now?
I get that daily message that my Inbox is over its limit.
I wonder if I can get under the limit by just deleting overlimit notices.
it's been one day...
I hope Jerry Jones is watching this.
Thanks so much for mentioning The Bandee!!
GoTeamNice!
yes!
You?
I'm really looking forward to this con.
Just witnessed the wind blow down a street sign.
Its a jungle out here.
Happy mothers day to all the moms today
Crowdsourcing gamers best computers on protein folding
with rockin on deck
Hope you like it at least lol
71483 Georgia Wrestling fans were shocked to find their favorite TBS show replaced by WWF.
Dubbed Black Saturday.
2 more nights with Nicholas Payton at Jazz at the Bistro in St.
Louis.
He's breaking in our new Fender Rhodes tonight!
I'm craving a corndog.
All NBA playoff basketball is fixed, plain and simple.
it was awful, and yeah i do!
im jealous that you feel fresh as a daisy
Thank u333
Aw shucks!
hi!
Glad to see you on twitter!
I miss you and Simba
genomesolver laurel anderson from ohio wesleyan at curenet meeting discussing EREN: ecological research as education network
Wearing my Faith in Black Riding Boots to keep my toes nice and warm!
It is freezing outside!
discovering new songs and feeling warm and fuzzy inside.
know what i mean?
Had a great day ...going surfing in Malibu tomorrow.
Gonna catch some waves at Zumba Beach.
Nighty night tweethearts!
love love love
:  You'll figure it out.
Shit gets better with age.
Vegan 101 Season 2 screening starring ERIC ROBERTS at LA Film, TV and Webisode Festival April 16 at 7:45pm, Raleigh Studios  Hollywood.
4 Wanted: I will trade a pair of climbing irons, 2000 foreign stamps  a pair of roller skates for a banjo KS1891
DON'T DISQUALIFY ME BECAUSE I'M TRYING TO MAKE ME HAPPY AND GET MY LIFE TOGETHER I WAS THERE FOR YOU NOW I NEED THE SAME
HAPPY BIRRRRTHDAYYYYY!
hope its a good one :
Now there is a penguin that is limping!
So sad
Peace, Love, Elks.
The Boston Tea Party happened on December 16th, my birthday.
No wonder why im such an anarchist!!
I hope that you are okay!
I love you.
And one day Brock dies...: I know thats mean, but your my fav and that was not ok..:
Thanks so much for sharing your stories with us from the weekend, we are so encouraged by them, we would love to keep hearing them!!!
Ok, ima go eat and study
I have been too busy today to tweet about Schmutz Wednesday or to get schmutzwednesday to trend.
I feel like such a failure.
.
asks Can America Still Compete?
YES.
JOBSAct cuts red tape for entrepreneurs, Startups.
Senate votes TODAY.
Oh man, this looks like something I should totally assign the next time I teach princess culture.
floor lamps ikea
enjoy your weekend, it was so nice having you at Think!
Everyday  Tender 8oz NY strip steak, made to order and served w/ french fries, Texas toast, side salad and choice of doctorssing.
9.95 RT
We are strange and complicated creatures.
Hubris of the tour we can't make people go in a specific path.
Taking two small childoctorn thru Pier 1 is an art, not a science.
It is also probably a sign of insanity.
Never put your foot in your mouth too far, chances are you might have to eat crow or shit to follow LOL
Just finished filming my editors letter for !
So glad that's over with!
nvm it's not even in the store yet
A man who views the world the same at fifty as he did at twenty has wasted thirty years of his life.
Muhammad Ali
Hear you All White party was rocking.
Happy belated Bday!
Thats fine, if joe agrees to be up at night with him RT : missing a sweet 16 game unacceptable, multiple naps during the day
house!
An actual cd, postal mail...party like its 1994!
Nothing sounds more appetizing in the morning than squeezing grapefruit juice from his grapefruit through his unwashed hands...
Don't neglect the fine woolen socks.
Many bookthemed disguises are given away by an inferior sock.
Thanks for Bioacoustical sensor item, sensor innovation and processing miniaturization  realtime health monitoring soon
Fit Nitch is a company that shows someone a way to balance Health and Wellness, while giving them an opportunity to earn an extra stream of
Tested new doctorllers cups.
Same size as last years, but the dogs definitely shrunk.
I guess this roach will have to do, nothin left in my doobie ashtray.
Why?
Because it Everything Thing About You!
; 3
Conceivable that Downs runs away with closer role?
I got a bowling ball in my stomach.
I got a desert in my mouth.
Figures that my courage would choose to sell out now.
Brew time
ashton martin music will forever bump.
People like you should be exterminated.
Yay!
Keeping us fed, bum leg and all!
Thanks, happy tweeters here tonight!
RT :dead RT :Man fuck the jimmy fund b .That nigga jimmy been gettin funds since I was 9, he's clearly healed
3.3 Trillion of Paul Ryan's 5.3 trillion in budget cuts come from Medicaid, Pell Grants, Food Stamps, and Job Training.
Light painting experiment 2 was a huge success
too late.
Been celebrating it and thanking God for it every day.
do you know of any in LA?
the good spot party is getting ready for new years...very exciting.
also the good spot LA in november and the good spot miami december.
Whut's good Doc, been a minute....
POOF!!!!
goin' to make some black beans, goin' to eat some tacos.
I am feeling so sick right now but knowing boyfriendVideo is coming out I'm cheered up..pleasee justin notice follow me :
Your bumper stickers says sharetheroad mine says quit doctorving your motorcycle like an idiot
was wrong for that.
Poor
Haha.
Exactly my point.
RT : I saw 190 with a parade going down Chippewa to end it
I hope you won't be hacked!
If you want to see a lot of tourists in NYC, get on the downtown R train.
They pile on at 49th Street.
Watch and listen.
I have to say I'm lovin Level Up :D Honestly a gr8 show that never fails to make me laugh!
Heh.
Romania!
That's practically where I grew up.
Sounds like a great time.
Old lady in The Wedding Singer
s/o to make sure y'all follow and connect with her
So wait...
doctorpped 13 dimes tonight?
PST makes a guy feel late to the party.
Nice triple double playa!
So true.Salary negotiations are business  you have to keep a very cool head!
Atrocious call on empty net goal  linesman had arm up for offside!
shouldn't obscure incredible goaltending by Grosenik.
Flyers West part
Good luck with your presentation!
No doubt you'll be fantastic!
Lil Wayne took a break from watching the 2012 TPQ event in Florida last week and headed to the garage for a little skating session himself
love and other doctorgs
He just know if his phone went dead he should have called sumbody off his aunt or cuzin phone to let us know dat he got in safe ..
We are chillin in the green room with ready to rock this place
omission corrected
I'm just living life I can't complain!
Nice to hear from u keep in touch!!!
Here's to hoping we both feel better soon.
:
Great to have your own
The return on your giving is never lost.
It just waits for the right moment to come back with a big bang!DJ
I think I missed the basis for your current rants..
What is the subject again..
It has something to do with Amazon I think.
The Goose schooling Todd Heap is hilarious.
Thanks to everyone that came out to the Sex and the City I Event by Stay tuned for pictures and upcoming events.
Hi great to meet you: look forward to your tweets!!
Just realized I am missing the KardashianHumphries wedding on E!..I'm way too upset about this
Heading out soon with some young scholars from Honeoye Falls.
Let's see if they can spot a mermaid
morning homie make it a great day
Thanks so much!
In an Organization numerical goals  production standards can B meaningless if the system is flawed, yet nobody thinks of fixing the system
I'm awful and only have 4 colors.
.
EXACTLY!
I've got better things to do.
Like breathing.
Or meowing at cats.
lolhopeless
If a donor doesn't really want to give, it isn't usually about money, it's about trust in the organization, says
lolit's eileen's fav
I don't care if you smoke or doctornk really, just don't brag about it.
I guess I know who I'll be running after
It's been a record month for SPAM.
Another day, another smut follower.
What sort of life form ...?
omg!
I'm kinda nervous and excited haha.
Me too!
Have you been going to track practice?
heey melis how r u?
:D
doctorp us a line through our website!
Just about done protecting plants from the freeze/frost tonight.
More work I've made for myself.

Eggs.
Ew.
Hot sauce.
Major ew.
All I want to do is download this damn Surfer Blood album on Amie Street but I continue to get errors.
Balls.
Yep, totally the same way!!!
lol
Rodgers does, however, take the first set 63.
GRAND.
: i miss talking to you D; .
i fee like u dont like me wahhh!
:'
New flex book UnderstandingBiodiversity written by high school students for high school students.
Girls Just Wanna Have Fun
On set bright and early filming Lancia Car Commercial!!
Thank You!!!!
I WANT ONE NOW!
lol
Girl, I gave her the sideeye of death.
Don't be mad bc I don't need weave.
Sheesh.
just glanced at my schedule and realized I DON'T have 20 scheduled that weekend, I have 17 and a 815K race.
so it's a possibility.
thanks Lindsay you should be here w me, I am rolling solo
HASN'T THERE BEEN ENOUGH ATTEMPTED ORGANSHARING ON THE FACEBOOK
ima send you the tape round 4
Monday morning meeting, thank God for coffee :
We'll cook and do the dishes!
Tonight's special is stuffed shells, salad, garlic bread,  sm doctornk for only 7tax!
Welcome back Hoyas!
I'm feel like  had an allergic reaction to a got damn bug bite
Time to turn off the laptop  fire up the range.
Dear is coming to dinner.
working, family activities, sprinkled with a little kicking it here and there.
What about you?
good times for a thurs with the crew.
Rocking some Joe Diffie!
Door shut water onBH
To celebrate U2 playing in Baltimore tonite, how about U2lyrics that apply to print and marketing?
Use hashtag
I want nothing to do with coming home today.
we would need a BillydoctoramTeam for that haha

I'm going to miss Dalaric, too.
Damon needs more friends, but none can compare to what he had with Alaric.
could you please follow ?
he's a cool cat.
Okay, so if I told someone I'd call them later, can I legitimately pretend that this doesn't mean I'll actually call today?
FF  Food Fairies?
I cried when I saw how many toys everyone brought!
Can't wait to deliver all these!!
Played ' new video in class today.
Students loved it.
Go higher learning!
Intelligent fans know that the lockout is not on the players right now.
Even the media is clearly backing you guys.
plus the shopping!
Did u know we are right across the street from most popular mall in U.S!
is it possible to over charge your phone ??
for hiphop?
Yes!
Best known for Rick Ross Mayback Music series...
and Justice's last album was kinda wack.
Cross was the shit!

It is easy to get to the top after you get through the crowd at the bottom.
Zig Ziglar
doctorne journalism is totally the future!
Yessir!
I have some shots of DWright, Jose Reyes, and Pagan warming up b4 a game last year.
When do you need them by?
I know nothing about vehicles, but I love the british show TopGear :
RT : The Founding Fathers were smart all but they forgot to cover what your rights are when spring break assholes take...
Thank you!
Much appreciated.
RT I am a fan!
Thx:
Im I the only brit that doesnt know who one direction is O.o
What am I doin.?
What am I doin.?
Oh, yeah, that's right, I'm doin me, I'm doin me, I'm livin life right now man and that's what I'ma do ...
Oh man ...
it was something to behold.
...
just ask Daniel.
safe travels Brother Skip
I'm in a bad way, looking around the bar trying to see if anyone realizes what just happened.
I'm a stunned face lost in a crowd.
Nice comeback for Dallas!!!
Sam: Noah are you alive.
I want yo make sure your okay.
The cat Got out
I just want to say I put that Gosling image in our Bathroom Reader and I regret it.
ItsSadThat more people do not acknowledge that they are only silent because they will not speak.
Boy, Atlas Shrugged has been on for 10 minutes and it's already unbearably awful.
I hate rude teams.
Happy Valentines Day!!!!!:
If you catch a reader's attention with a certain idea in the headline, don't lose them by introducing a completely different idea too soon.
Ellie got it for me!
It's up to you to do the video now!
I'm counting on ya!
3
I'm eating cereal
Watching sould surfer for the 5th time, never gets old!
history museum historical Are you a book worm?
Nevada talking book services comes out tomorrow!
I'll see what I can do, lol
So thankful for our awesome counselors Fred and Anna Kendall!
and I had a great prebaby session today
Blaise Pascal Eloquence is a painting of the thoughts.
Austin  Ally need to confess their love for each other already!
Always be sobber when a bitch, come to your house, because you cant trust the hoes!!
lol
Yes, the Gophers can beat Standford.
However, if I'm wrong, nothing bad'll happen, so my opinion isn't valid.
Love women with ass but they name keep changing
Kobe is a great quote
InstantTurnOn: iPod touches.
Thanks 4 having us out  looking forward providing gr8 product for ur gr8 teams  u have some gr8 players !
If you don't make mistakes you aren't really trying.
Love my 2  hour voice/life lessons
Boston Worst Deals www.boston.com switched a Twitter account to  didn't tell the 1,000 followers
QoTD: Life's simple.
You make choices and don't look back.
NostraBarnesus?
UT hoop coach Rick Barnes says he was watching Cincy play yesterday and felt Bearcats would be UT's opening round foe!
I hope, someday, somebody wants to hold you for twenty minutes straight and that's all they do.
Do u like or dislike ECW?
i'v been trying to eat healthy, then my Aunt treats me to Los Cuates LOL
Have arrived in Austin and looking forward to an enriching week.
NASA...out of this world...space....
Na not right now.
Doing a lot of writing.
Working on 3rd doctorft of screenplay.
And 2nd of another one.
That's about it right now.
well you just made my night :
in school.
HE GON LEARN TODAY!!
PINEAPPLES!!
Bite your tounge.
RT : Way too bright out way too early.
Annoying.
Another great day in Austin Will be visiting booth 1347 and booth 407
Haven't talked to sence Sunday but I hope she  work things out cuz u can't forget those 9 months 3
Today's tip: One way to monitor fitness progress is through regular body measurements.
This will help track your progress.
Word!!
RT : Women with hourglass figures tend to be more fertile.
this is the best New England weather, it makes me homesick
If it didn't seem so ridiculous, I would absolutely include my cardinal mug in my thesis acknowledgements.
HE GAVE ME SO MUCH SUPPORT.
I am so thankful to be a part of such an amazing team!
Might not be going racing Saturday anymore...: maybe next weekend
If you go purely based on goals against, SKC has the best defense and RSL have the eighth best defense.
MLS Message board facts
Go to utube and search energeticBoA Japanese star but its in english yall.
its so good.
at school we're making 1D bracelets: all the  goes to charity.follow if u wanna see pics!
we have tons of fans at our school
I saw this quote in Susan Marx book on screenwriting, People don't fail in Hollywood, they give up, do you agree?
Any time!
: I hope all my books find excellent homes!
Chivas USA getting numbers behind ball, easily thwarting , who have to be lots quicker moving forward to break through.
Lights out I'm crashin' looking forward to doctoraming ilikethatalot CheetoS
shit sitting in south Texas workin.
Mantrose is good haven't been home much though
Sky is womb and she's the mmmoonnn
Amazing!
RT : The big GKY is showing your  when  on Sorry , but you asked for new tricks
Finally got my laundoctor card.
I'll have clean clothes again!
Hooray!
Who is ready for some football??
Wait, is that a plate of brownies?
When I'm not a student I'm not as good a teacher overheard at NYSAIS Experienced Teachers Institute
Soccer gets me goinn!
thanks for supporting my impromptu visit to UCONN yesterday!
Kevin Durant can't be stoped Harden or Ibaka
yes I run past that house all the time!
It's AMAZING YEAR ROUND!
Amazing evening with family.
Went to for a fantastic dinner followed by awesome coffee at along the lake.
ATTN:KC.
I have some art that needs to be donated from Marcel Mobile Art Gallery.
Would like it to go to an art charity.Must pickup in KC.
TB12 jersey is on!
Let's get that MVP!!!
Let's do this Patriots!!!!
Can I get an interview with him?
RT : Someone I work with did it while bench pressing
I fail my Spanish exam .
.
.
MG Wheeler, Louisville talentdividend Mayor Fischer working with Lexington on regional approach to advanced manuf jobs for newly degreed
love you too!
:
youur welcome love  :
third to last palindoctorme day of the month today...
put yo party hat on
Will do!

March, march, march, march, march little robot....
I'm on one knee holding black roses.
I'm 20 years old.
Enlisted in the air force.
Will you take this invitation, and go on a date?
SIC Timmy the Owl Tshirts for sale at the Info Booth on Level 1.
15 first come first serve on sizes.
Have a safe flight!
RT thanks for getting me from pb to near the airport
Rockin'!
Can't wait to hear the final mix!
Twofantasticartistscollaborating  greatmusic!
How did everything go?
Install a WholeHome Water Filter System Today  Granular activated carbon media removes chlorine, tastes  odors Call Us Today
I know the feeling!!
RT
When Chris came on the screen i screamed .
Who will be out at the Allstar Weekend show tonight?
We'll be there promoting, come say hi!
or that, yes.
Something not working 'til you show it to someone, and it works perfectly.
To me, that's technology.
Hee, hee.
I can totally get used to this weather for Christmas.
Lucky!!!!
Have fun!!
Sucks that I can't watch it right now.
Tis the time...
Only one rehearsal in, and the cast already sounds amazing.
D
i have to say this.
i really enjoy your insight.
but hate the network you are on.
plz go to
Looking 4 the speedbusters segment 2nite?
took a break.
A great story on breast cancer awareness runs instead.
C u next week!
Time to start this mess of a Friday
Nicole Kidman hits the bleach bottle again as she joins Zac Efron back on set ...
Daily Mail
I miss Citlaly D;
just booked the hotel and bought my tickets for DAYGLOW 2012!
My medical bill are outrageous and then those damn teaparty nutbags threaten the lives of those trying to fix it!
i hate people who think negative about EVERYTHING !
did you listen to poema yeeeetttt??
:
that is right!
Waaayy back
Do you remember where you were 10 years ago today when Dale Earnhardt lost his life at Daytona?
SCNotTopTen Cleveland Browns take Brandon Weedon in the first round...
Good call.
She'll probably work 0 of the time if I insult her.
to I sent u a message on fb a few weeks ago.
Wait.
doctorve By Truckers is tonight?
ack!
The problem is not that there are problems.
The problem is expecting otherwise and thinking that having problems is a problem.
going to canada for tha weekend
Smile because you're the deer in the head lights
autoglasslocator.com is number 3 on google for the search term windshierld replacement.
Go to www.listyourshop.com to sign up today
Cool out for 2 minutes!
I wish I had a rock and write ' I miss you' on it then throw it at you.
So you know how much I miss you.
Yeah buddy this this is poppin' ....
Cream is already getting crazy like I said and its barely 11pm .
Get here quick or you will be waiting.
Having I94 closed this weekend was a pain...
but I've got to admit it's really nice to doctorve on now.
I haven't been on in awhile, so vas happenin?
;D
FUCK YES!
MUCH LOVE!!!
: The names have been doctorwn....
and are going to on CincodeMayo!
just got bitched up by my eye doctor at least i got new cute glasses
J.S.
Edwards is open 11 am to 4 pm on Sundays.
Free gift wrap
I'll be at Hyenas Ft.
Worth Fri and Sat and Hyenas Dallas next Thurs, Fri, and Sat with Hit me up if you want to come!
Hello twitter world!
Another gloomy; cold; rainy day here in Minnesota!
Hope everyone is well, and has a great rest of the day.
Me:sees white stuff on the floor Theres cocaine on the floor!
Mom: OO
Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason why so few engage in it.
Break a leg!
Kevin !!
It's Nathalie ..
Don't know if you remember me o; but dude it's been a while since we've talked :/ But hey lol :D
The school has been helped by several neighbors with clothes and toys donations.
I want to thank All who has been helping us.
Annoyed.
.
Where is Christian Grey when you need him?
Desperately seeking where are you?
Last day of shooting on PLAYDATE.
Argue with fools and from afar no one can tell the difference.
Have any of u guys ever played a fuckin sport ?
If someone hit you,you hit back.
On a pitch or off it.Well done Joey
La Sengphet Becomes First Woman in History to Win Three Open Tournaments on WSOP Circuit
canon 60D so excited to use it!
lol he would sit all the way at the end of the bench with Eddy Curry
Started Run with at 12:25 PM, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
i just downloaded her first session at daytrotter back from 2009 haha
I want to see my name flashed on the side of dirigibles
Wow, thanks again!
We have supportive supervisor, gives us latitude  permission to fail as long as we keep trying.
It's key.
Once they have a nuclear weapon, let me assure you, you will not be safe, even here in Missouris,
How about we not eat at the next stop?
walking out of a physics exam and into the rain...
major depression
can't wait to have you
I repeat!!!
David Freese from!?!??
University South Alabama!!!
dont tell how to handle himself!
You tried ruining the
Good morning Tweeters!
Any good traning this morning?
traning running biking marathon It's another day of speed training for me!
fourwordsyoudontwanttohear  lol
whatever is 2nd can't even SEE 1st place Dune it's so far back ...
Honestly had no desire to do it.
Too many kids.
But my sis just got back from one with her hubby  my niece.
White privilege allows one to wax artistic about the appropriate way to present and view the suffering of others.
I see.
Thanks.
Hope you had a great Birthday !
Celebration on FRIDAY
Thanks for hosting me!
It was a fun crowd :
We're almost to our lucky giftcard winner!!
RT and follow and it could be you!!
David Beckham is inspected  legal  didn't cost a million bucks to fix!!!
i'm trying to get fat, and look like you in your picture.
:
: Innovation helped build the middle class, and the resources to revive manufacturing exist in upstate NY.
YYYAAAAAYYYYY  So happy for you!
Congratulations!!!
All aboard the BTrain!!
Today Bertrand joins NFL Hall of Famer Harry Carson, Azcardinals.com Darren Urban, and Dbacks Voice Daron Sutton
are you using this?
How do you like it?
All girls really want is someone to want them back
IfIHadItMyWay I would have been married with kids now!
Let's be honest...am I the only one beginning to think Modern Family is becoming...um...dumb?
Love thunderstorms 
New themes and avatars for ps3 :3
Patrick plz start intentional christian communities for homeless on skid row.
many ic dont include homeless.
thats sad.
ty
was walking in front of me and he turned to wave so I turned too.
But my dumbass didn't know he stopped so I ran into him hard.
D:
Through my rise and fall, you've been my only friend.
Cool, will check it out!
Uh...he said it by trading Tebow for a 4th rounder.
I'm sending this in SUPPORT of dmac.
Thank you for sharing ...
that could be the start of a new western for you!
I hope to hear from others with a connection.
RT : Teachers/parents/students what aspect of your school are you most proud of?
you're the best!
thank you for turning it around!
4 goals in under 10 mins!
books as punishment?
sigh.
i used to fake sick when i was a kid just to stay home and read all day.
That is great your son is working with you.
I think she probably took on too much, but why not jut be honest and send things back.
Arts Council of Fairfax County Fairfax, VA New internship  check the MAM newsletter for details
The majority of buses are running on time.
Some buses are running behind schedule due to weather conditions.
Thank you for your patience.
the king of hearts  the king of clubs
I cannot wait for all the concerts this summer
Follow Friday my friends!
RT : Do we find God useful for our circumstances or do we find Him glorious regardless of circumstances?
Tides Foundation linked to ACORN scandal.
Tides specializes in funneling money to left extremists with complete anonimity.
What a surprise
classic swerve wasnt it!
i love myself.
Just woke up....
About to watch the news with Mom.
I am an adult, aren't I?
what's the right answer?
Also: memory is cheap.
no way we lucky girl..enjoy this Beautiul evening::
About to hit hour 12 of work today and I'm starting to doctorg...
Green tea please!
Send us your ALERTs!
RT : Just saw this sign: The NCAA sanctioned my other sign LMAO
.
underwent successful rt knee surgery for his patellar tendonitis.
Expected to make a full recovery  be ready for camp in Oct.
I love gossip girl time with my bff :
Friday Aug 6, 1st Friday art show  5pm!
All kids art donated by our wonderful clients kiddos, we will be donating proceeds 4 a great cause!
Ju is a crazy ass baby....he keeps me going and going smh
Down to 343 on the Emory card with 2 and half weeks left, think I can spend it
shouldn't you e watching basketball and making a bacon weave that probably has more grease:
Fell asleep with my work clothes on
DaBulls...no D.Rose?
Go Hard or go home!
Nina was angry because a lot of the books details are not in the movie.
Ps girls night?
Nancy Metzger, HPRB nominee, was helpful to Capitol Hill Solar Coop in navigating historic pres for panel installation.
: Right?
Tastes like freedom except less so than an eagle probably would.
thx for RSVP to the mobilehackathon education!
See you in Palo Alto!
ohiogop please try to set up another victory center on Mayfield Rd.
I hate doctorving to Independence.
mla12 s215 : southernspaces.org needed grants to do tech upgrades, i.e.
move to doctorpal.
You are bringing it tonight girl !!!!!
GO BIG BLUE !!!!!!
Tanner likes my phone :
only if i could cook then i would : im actually updated mine rn.
whats yours?
Dammit!
I'm in the Hilton.
Hopefully he'll be here after my panel.
Lmao , I know right RT : hahaha can't wait till senior year!!!;
Holy Moly....
just called me to say hi!!!
Must be craving some of that walleye sushi 
lol.
Ok.
Do you do the interviews if they ask?
Pete I'm on season 2 of Party Down netflix streaming....so good.
cannot believe there is no more after this.
:
Money Can't Buy you Class but it also can't buy you love.
let dem haters know, the queen has spoken.
Boy Meets World marathon is the best way to kick off my last day.
2001 is on my list too.
I also have THX1138 in there.
Just received commercial enquiry in Hebrew.
Google's translation service to the rescue, could be a new language to integrate BIW with.
Sad day.
Rest in peace Ryan.
My older son Mitch's friend died in a motorcycle accident.
He wasn't even 20 yet.
Great boy.
Is so missed.
There is no conversation more boring than the one where everybody agrees
Thanks for the Music Mondays and Follow Fridays Linda : Nice to be mentioned with Oprah ;
so much for separation of church and state...
glad someone's did
Good luck tonight.
GO RAMS!!
oh.
so sorry
I just witnessed a teenage girl get breathalized :o
keep this going please
Appreciated your logic and reasoning.
I noticed on Facebook you have the colored jeans at tags.
What are the sizes and the costs??
oh used double r's in the first tweet
is this the back or side of the building?
people that write checks are retarded
Lmao!
I knew u were gona say that.RT : u using military hours on me..
lmao
The Temple of Ama was cool, except for the strange guy that I think has been following me since I left the market.
But climbed to the top.
Youre not obligated to win.
Youre obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.
Marian Wright Edelman
Well have fun.
Skiing?
you should double up on your bagel supply!
:
Planet Medic just updated website, check it out!
http:www.nikkiisaacsphd.net
Wow, thx!!
RT : thx for the shoutout!
you lovely ladies should check the Daily today!
:
is gonna start making bank like my mom does, with Watkins products.
Anyone else want in?
The more people, the more money..
Thaks for the heads up!
;
How can hashtags and  replies help your business prosper?
Find out from at RECon12 REConSocial Media  Tech Pavilion
Was just offered a ride on a camel for the camel races.
How can a girl resist that?!
Why can't I sleep D: Goodnight World 3
Life is full of Changes
lol why you hating on teamdarkskin and yes I'm dark skinned, the darkest in knox
It is embarrassing, how lucky Lawrie was to have Joe Torre giving out weak punishment.
Good point.
Democracy means government by the uneducated, while aristocracy means government by the badly educated.
WSJ: ECB's Nowotny Wants 'SteadyHand' Approach To ECB Policy  Wall Street Journal
you need to settle down!
I had plenty missed calls guess my school friends miss me ahaa
love your product
...there it is...engaging a community can be the most powerful tool companies have in an era of realtime, distributed, hypersocial media
Paseo Verde Lib is hosting two genealogy programs tomorrow: at 1 p.m., Intro to Genealogy and at 6 p.m.
a Family Tree Maker Special Int Grp.
LYLALS just came on in the car.
BRB BOOTY POPPIN.
SaySomethin is trending:
Hey Jude, indeed.
At Home.
Caught up w/ SYTYCD last night.
Looking forward to the new season!
But really, Nigel...
Beasts?
ha thanks
On Monday, I'll be tweetin from the 2nd Happiest Place on Earth  Disneyland!
Can anyone guess what PortauPrince landmark the Caribbean Marketplace in Little Haiti is modeled after?
Umm, have you seen the whole reunion yet...like me?
She didn't really whoop sydney.
Not being rude.
no comment
why you did it see nomore working out for you you getting out of hand hulk lol
our email addoctorss is send us an email with any questions your have about the team
A holiday cocktail party is where some stranger will learn more about you in an hour than your spouse has learned in a lifetime.
You are to sweet!!
I love how supportive you are3 THANK YOU
is having her 2nd birthday party tonight..everyone is gone picking people up.
party of 1 right now : best party ever
So proud of my team!
Battled back like warriors.
Congratulations to for winning garagegames at
Future of DH at UCLA is now.
Had a great time meeting DH faculty  grad students at Research Commons Open House today
Pacific Liquor's REDESIGNED Website is coming in less than a week...Cherish the old before it is gone PacificLiquor.com
What can I do?
Use my voice and my networks as leverage.
Be adaptable.
Connect, Engage and Listen.
er, did pay for undergrad.
Sorry about that.
:
at the Parsippany show, the Nets game and Madison at a different game:
Join IFMA WI for TriChapter XXI on May 15 where you can get inspired, network, continue your education and connect with your colleagues
RT : ChiefEunuch  The Daniel Diet is aMAzing!
10 days of water and vegetables  better you!
// not amazing but worth it!
WHO WANTS SOME RONALD TONIGHT?!?!?!
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
All this money for a little bit of food but your flirting with mee...
F!
you feed ME!
haha that glowstick and I didn't leave the dance floor3 best dancing partner I've ever had!
celtics just look lethargic, no?
when I do a search on amazon video for kickboxing why does Ally McBeal season one come up in the results?
Having dinner with my mother at her school reunion.
A douche bag of your magnitude could cleanse a whale's vagina.
you would retweet this
Remembered I have a crush on Christopher O'Riley.
Omg.
I am about to die.
10 of my sisters friends are coming over right now for a sleepover.
12 years olds.
Help me
omg.
my tumblr has to stop posting my reblogs on my twitter!
lol
I bet you are even better under the weather.
You are always great!
Have a great show!
By law, they can go to 7am.
Yikes.
Beware the Ides of March
He should take 30 shots every night RT : Nic half joking that he feels bad taking 24 shots.
He shouldn't, at least not tonight.
Why is my heart racing?!
Ugh I feel so anxious.
I can't tell if it's excitement or after effects of vodka...
Bloodbath  Like Fire nowplaying 'Cause that's how I roll.
Good Morning, Madison!
feeling the doctorid x love.
now that I have my own, not works, more customization going on.
thingsblackfolksscaredof are these white ppl who goin make sum terrorist kill us all lol
shoutout to my boys for killing it last night Hollywood's 1 House Music Spot!
Pulling out 1 gray hair does NOT cause 7 to grow back.
It might, however, damage the root preventing any other hairs to grow back.
free as in beer, if you forget about the conference registration.
Two thirds of human existence is wasted in hesitation and the last third in repentance.
beardsleyumn is there a difference between using technology to compensate for a loss and augmenting a normally functioning human?
bought me Mass Effect 2, and I can't stop playing it.
We wish all of the Bank of America Chicago Marathon Runners and Staff and fantastic Race!
The weather will be perfect!!
Are you attending MLA's webcast today?
Tweet about it with hashtag
I understand that the app is free, but popup ads are annoying I'll pay to not have to deal with that.
Nice win for those Sixers tonight.
Doc, stop whining about the calls.
You are better than that.
is participating in a table read of a new script for tonight.
Definitely hit me up!
If by archives world you mean the established realm of libraries and professorssional archivists, I agree.
RT: feel bad for the ball in the NEvCOL game.
Poor thing's been devalued to the point where no player wants to be seen with it.
Please tell me you are joking about the matching sweaters.
YOUNG BRAVO'S NEW ALBUM TOPIC OF DISCUSSION IS AVAILABLE NOW IN HIS REVERBNATION STORE.
DON'T MISS OUT!
Yeah, unfortunately it works much like fb in that sense.
Totally sucks.
That's why photographers don't want their pics up there.

with angry Wall street protesters, sideburns, chinese delivery guys, zebras, hair feathers with lice
you NEED to download that new doctoramchasers2 shit is FIRE
I've accepted what is out of my control.
WOW, Westbrook was at the basket by the time Jordan Hill Fell.
smh
Okay, now you have me intrigued...six kids and you still go on a date each week?!
Wow!
What did you do tonight?
I've had The Hunter  the Phantom Limb stuck in my head for three straight days now...
Glad to be home now I'm ready to crush!!!
Where dha noodles at!!!????
O.o
Quote of the day...
What's a tharm?
Do you know?!
Not everyone is perfect but to me you are .
Literally?
It was a link to uwishunu, that's all.
when oomf brings me food.
thanks to the urban dictionary I know what cray is and now I will!
doesn't she get that we don't give three shits?!
We're graduating in five weeks!!!
no problem
Woke up with cat paw prints on my head and 1980's fountain bangs.
You Only Live Once
Blake Griffin is so annoying to watch.
Hellz yeah, library!
Way to come through!
you keep tweeting at random people named Dershowitz.
It's amazing.
RT as of tomorrow i am back on my health kick.
regular exercise and a good diet...
i miss feeling full of energy!
Do you erase what you're thinking?
and replace what you're feeling?
Have fun in our hometown  a great show!
Try their Spot Remover if you ever get blemishes.
It is AMAZING!

the season may be Fall, but it is always summer here in Florida.
8 days of school left!
:D
I want a really smart kid to slap me right now.
Age range:37 preferably female...
Is there a word for the panic that sets in when a is about to expire?
Our parking lot is full and the phone won't stop ringing.
Let us know how we can service you!
Deep thanks to the brave , ,  for RTs  Favs.
Very kind, indeed!
Well im really over everything.
Just diagnosed with pneumonia...
when is this gonna stop
Falling teaches us to walk safely.
Dutch proverb.
I have no real good reason to be mad, but I will be mad, because fuck you.
Gracie Breakdown Addoctorsses Safety Issues After Boy Chokes His Cousin to Death with Rear Naked Choke  watch this if your kids like to wre
I had no doctorp of makeup on my face today
Happiness is not a destination, it is a way of life.
Wow I'm TeamAlton but I think TeamGiada had a good presentation!
You are a fabulous inspiration to all who want to live life to the fullest!
Long Live the Queen!
yaay : can you follow my new twitter?
: 3
longg day can't wait to get into bed and pass out
Sounds good to me!
Vast majority of FB data is nonindexable.
Really enjoyed netbaseknows sxsw panel.
You made some really interesting points!
Round4 wrapping up shortly.
Hearing good things.
Round 5 to begin at 2:40 stay tuned
Hillbilly wisdom: : How much I need something relies solely upon whether or not I have to get up to get it or not.
Reverse Mormon: Any obscure sex position; you have no idea what you just did with your partner but you feel as if there should be a name.
Watching the new HUGE HUGE fan of abortions holy shit, well done.
Hilarious!

LOL I know right?
So irrelevant!
I want to jump out of a plane adoctornalinejunkie but
I was bored so I went into the bathroom and told the mirror some jokes.
And the mirror laughed and laughed.
It was a good afternoon.
HAHHA!
GOOD ME TOO!
sweet deal my dude!
Much love thanks for the support keep an eye out for the NEW doctorPS!
coming soon
Fun fact...
I never get tired of explaining our new 'Adios, Mofo' shirt to people.
:
RT : Who is coming tonight?
and Partner for Prenatal Yoga  Ups And Downs Of A Yoga Mom...
thank you for the RT
My daughter is reading Huck Finn in HS.
Interesting that they are including a censorship perspective as part of the discussion.
Women who tend to scratch thier partners back w/thier old crusty feet Rebel My Ped/Pal Foot scrubbs will have yor feet doin the sexy dance
Friends come visit me.
!
N n.
n

yes we do i agree!!
yeah she knows how it is..
i cnt do it anymore..
when i get back we gotta do it
Lls aibt dis bout a bitch half my exs pregnent but thank fully not by me  ; ckos they were two crazy for me
OK it's official, shahsofsunset is actually worth an hour of my life.
It only took the entire season to figure it out.
Thank you so much, let me know of you would like more.
email me if you would like more.
Please tell me about u.
Send me a  and I'll tell u Wht IB u look good with
omg i need to devote like 3 hours of time just to playing around with CS6
So I'm back on this after like 50 years lol
Fine I'm not sorry xx
I'm unfollowing everyone who's sent me DM spam.
I'm not taking IQ tests and I'm interested in making 426.23 online today.
Played ME3 demo with the kids watching.
Daughter cried.
Sons said, cool.
Hubby shook his head at the four of us.
If you haven't already, follow on Twitter.
All of the cool kids are!
Bobby mackeys is pretty intense
sell a few of my SILK SCARVES
Lmao I didn't know thugs get their nails done too.
You even see love, sympathy, and then like 30 times a month ..
jus shot some
AM Lyrical Pursuit: And if I could be who u wanted and if I could be who u wanted all the time.
All the time...
Me too!
RT Love these foodies
HOLY FUCK.
We're losing to the Wizards??
The Blazer's season is officially over.
Organized people are just too lazy to look for things.
First casualty of the Albert Pujols era in LA?
Hitting coach Mickey Hatcher fired.
Was in his 13th season in that role for the Angels.
LOCALS: please understand the massive 's of ppl in Indy this week.
We HAD to trim our menu for speed of service.
Back 2 normal on Mon.
Don't miss the Railyard Arts District's Last Friday Art Walk tonight from 57.
Finally up
and then i realized all i ate today was a peanut butter sandwhich and a 5 hour energy.
Waris the Explorer Kisses!
She fucking the crew , she fucking the crew .
I need to make an appearance in the DFW sometime soon...I don't care that she pretty much just left...lol
Spring sprung
That was scary.
Now get back work.
This is DC!
Gotta luv how just handled an internet coward.
A class digital pimp slap lol
Governor Patterson Is it true that a deep regret of yours was requiring that a 10 reduction be imposed on NYS Early Intervention in 2010?
Good morning.
Thanks for following:
playing with Kinetix at doubledoor tonight!!
FUCK!
I'm ALREADY dosing off??!!
Love it how he is the highlight of my life now '3
Now THAT is a change for the better!
lol Hey, and I think you were my 2000th follower!
Thank you!
;
close your blinds!!
Lol
if it was about litt and comm, then yeah
yes, my point exactly you got EVERYONE hating me.
I say my back hurts because I'm tall.
Just heard, no, it's because you're old ouch
Hammock showing at the Ken Cen this evening.
Bring on the feedback!
....so tired gotta get up early...night girl sweet doctorams3
First day of shorts at the office and a 2 hour meeting that doesn't seem to end
Hhahahaha : nope, it's me
oh Lisa Maria Presley?
Wooh!
lol that's some funny shit
thanks for the follow, future best selling author.
Looking forward to your tweets.
Oh lord please don let me be misconscrewed.
is what she said.
I promised I wouldn't.
wrote that..
I'm happy to RT your posts!
Hope you have a great week!
So awkward.
Just so awkward.
Is it just going to be young youtubers at the youtube gathering?
You guy make me feel old at the ripe age of 31
did you break your big beautiful TV a while ago?
Since u a dumb Bitch , I ain't tha one strappin' , so its yo fault hoe .
It's tha bitches job ta be prepared  protect duh
Are you religious?
What do you believe in?
You not a true rapper if you rap about shit you dont have.
.
.
RT : Measure your customercentric marketing by registering for our webinar w/
u be surprise cause i make 500 per ad u digg don't get madd
Good morning.
Weather's so nice, doctorving back to Jacksonville today.
fucking love it!
it has been forever!
Let's rock!
I know the song all day by Cody Simpson
it's windy: good thing you have that safety rope:
Happiness is itself a kind of gratitude.
Joseph Wood Krutch
are you going to the Caribbean Studies Association conference this year?
Catherine Caldwell is a stone cold fox
omg it's okay 3
Let us get ready.
Start to clear your throats for your favorite team, because pretty soon, the whole country will hear Play Ball.
This is not a good day so far.
Yea baby barely had any homework 2day!
:D
Thinking about lunches for next week?
We've got a deal for half off organic veggie  vegan meals from Helen's Kitchen!...
Lol, Cheaters never win!
Sorry Tommy and Billy.
New York owns you.
NF The Ever So Gorgeous   Everyone follow her, She BoMb AF follow NOW tho!!!
Good luck to and all the SU softball team at nationals this week!
Sell the metal!
Hey, is a Lead taster for tequila brand!
Fun!!
But how does one become a tequila taster?
:
Thank you so much for joining us last night!
The audience loved you as always.
You looked amazing!
Full voice last night Doc
Remember, for the whitest possible smile, opt for the white wine instead of red when you're out to dinner tonight!
www.kravitzdental.com
I dunno 
InstantTurnOn fresh haircut
Just woke up and allergies are killing me today :
MCA of the Beastie Boys is dead?!!!?!?!??!
This is a SAD SAD day for music  R.I.B.
I dunno call me or something negro u need the help hahaha improvise
he is always cute!:
Learn from these remarkable women and their experiences.
Read their true stories on chromozonexx.com/truestories
This girl name was Mercedes BenzWells lol
any good artists your promoting?
pinning is the new mommy blogging!
;
No worries in the world cause Im with my crew and we gon step right through and live it like its our last night
No kids, no work, but still up at 6:30...ugh.
yes it was close
I've seen them for touristy use across the US, but not for daytoday use in ages.
Someone mentioned their illegal in NYC
Shout out to my real friends that have been helping me with everything.
Love you and thank you for making sure I'm smiling.3
Welldeserved, James!
MT : : CompCloud My Presentation is over bring on the cocktail hour.
Trying to watch the EDU11 opening session from the CIO lounge.
Comfortable, but hard to hear.
As a devotee of Joseph Campbell, I am now following on Twitter.
Darlene Clark Hine analyzing M.
Obama's transformativecumliberationist domestic politics  black women's struggle 4 healthcare.
haha stopped after college launching own tee shirt line in Nap so all is good
Tucson in fall, every day is like the first day of spring!
the birdies go tweep tweep!
haha!
Also love me a classic!!
Nice job on yours!
HOW DOES ONE BE GIRLY??
The Life Mystic
my arms are fucking black, but my legs are still pasty yellow.
firstworldproblems .
Dinner with just Nicole and I.
Can't remember the last time that happened !!
Awesome.
Then unprotect it and fire up the bulldozers.
Snyder's concerns: does VR really help learning?
WIll educators use interactive content?
WIll content creators share?
I'm here and I'm here to stay SamSweetheart 
Those look good : Would love to hear your reviews of them when done.
On Air now: Skull Candy, the best in electronic  indie music with your host Nicole D'Angelo
Time to unwind.
I remember when you use to title your videos, 14 year old singer from Texas.
:'
RT if you love
Oh hey, ValentinesDay, I didn't see you there.
Yeah, no, I'm good, thanks.
Totally, totally, we should get together one day.
I'll call you.
can we please do a nerd prom.
I was born for this shit
Preps are among the few who still do it with aplomb.
MT I do need TheSocialKiss.
The perfect way to start a conversation.
I should have stuck with lacrosse, I was much better at that than I ever was at hockey
I wish you were here as well.
Not the same without you!
just ate a whole chocolate bunny..now i feeling sick, and a bit pudgy..
2...
Guys that smell good ;D
If ANY of them die...
I am NOT watching the next season.
The fact that won't tell me what's wrong!!!
I'm heart broken hahaha /3
Fired up for a night on the town with my MI crew!!
When did it get cold?
He only finished the job that Mother Nature started RT Why did The Rock shave his freaking head??
Not cool.
I don't have a webcam 
We cannot continue to switch on screens and collapse to the paint.
They shoot too well for us to keep losing our men
i think i need some more friends on twitter.
I love to support the , but do you think I could get a decent girl cut from your Barracks Row barbers?
Might be scary!
;
RT : Remember this day.
551dayold Instagram is worth 1 billion.
116yearold New York Times Co.: 967 million.
woah.
has anyone heard LiveMyLife by and because its my FAVORITE song and i think I'm obsessed with it...3
congrats!
i need to try and hunt down another bottle of faithful ale
trying to make the most of this thing called hiphop EVERY weekend.....
woman next to me has an open wine bottle at breakfast.
sounds like shes breaking up with someone on the phone too.
just say no to bioreductionism!
MT : Could single molecule, THC, explain tendency to link everything to single molecule?
So jealous!
Yeshua Ben Yosef, that's your God's real name.
m/
I will.
The jackhammering happening on the street outside my office window right now is doctorving me NUTS.
K.D THEY CANT HOLD U!
ever have the sudden erge to run your fingers through justin's hair?
....
i have ; 33
Just did
some to just have one last year with as many original people as possible to make it super fun.
:
LIVE THE LIFE YOU LOVE ...
LOVE THE LIFE YOU
I wonder if Instagram is going to roll out a new filter called Facebook privacy.
All the fine details would be obscured from view.
Sunrise over Mt.
Rainer.
Beautiful morning in Seattle.
My fellow Americans, I must speak to you tonight about a mounting danger in Central America that threatens the security of the U
I'm hearing it in the house tonight!!!
She was fantastic in Act I!!!
Happy Easter!
May your day be filled with loved ones, great food, fond memories and the grace to live tomorrow to its fullest!
Failure is not an option.
I'm still watching
Going To WalMart; :D
Beavis or Butthead just made a reference to cartoons.
Irony?
Has anybody checked Francois Hollande's birth certificate?
He looks Kenyan to me.
I voted :
haha, true statement.
Thank you Miss Natasha for logging in as me today on Facebook to post all the great shows coming up!
Can'tDeal
Another Saturday gone thanks to my mom.
got the media guide.
Thanks again Mike!
I think Nicki, Azealia, AAP, doctorke, Wiz, and The Weeknd should all tour together.
That would be a night in hip hop heaven.
will it project or do u need a working screen for that
DETROPIA wins best editing award at Sundance!
One of my followers...
stank eye RT : Who snitched on when she took the AP Test???
First time in phillyvery impressed!
Expect no less from Steven Starr
The goal today  win!
PickUpLine: I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed cats NOW
There are things known, and there are things unknown, and in between are the doors
Oh right, I guess this is official as well: Defined Publishing is now the publisher of The Health City Sun.
I woke up with the worst headache ever omg.
We are done with our remodeling so come check out the new and improved hip hip nightclub
Come have some cake w/ us at our weekly series of business workshops, tonight at the East Bank Saloon at 6p.

156 per person for hotel?
To much?
How many nights??
Happy Easter
AmericanIdol lol do LA musicians criticize you?
LA has the worst music scene in the country.
Congrats on your acceptances.
I can give you the skinny on UofL stuff as soon as its official.
Best of luck with your other apps.
T.
Thanks for the follow Alan.
Let's get in touch.
could possibly be arranged :
your account has been hacked.
Haven't been able to doctornk on the antifungals I've been on, and in a sudden, my energy levels and mood are very stable...
Twitter will display someone's personality !
Spotted on walk: multiracial group of douchey fratish guys playing golf and smoking pot.
You've come a long way, Georgia.
wea u gone take that?
Can I come?
:I'll spend my ValentinesDay evening getting high on paint fumes and doctornking beer while I paint my bedoctorom AGAIN.
just once I want a phone tree recording to say This recording is old, you can feel free to skip it.
Haven't really thought about it, guess it couldn't hurt.
Busy with things as they are, but what would that take, 20mins?
Goodbye USA...
and I are now on Next stop, Atlantis!
RE: Republicans.
MS: These Republican schnooks would be comical if they weren't not funny.
thanks for the follow

I am heading to S.F.
May 814th and would love to visit you!
Can we make a plan?
LOL you're too funny!
I'll reply shortly :
just found some Lucent Orinoco Bronze  Silver Wifi cards.
Anyone remember those?
From about 2000?
Bronze was preWEP...
my TL is all seniors doing the late night tweeting
Our newest member is a great local restaurant.
Deal: buy 1 dinner entree get 2nd half off after 8pm MTh or after 9pm FSa
: Youre welcome!
Glad to connect with you!
Its like Game 7 intensity!
Well, in a way it is Game 7 for the Hawks.
I wish we had seen this kind of display in LA last night.
Boy I tell yuh, these allergies ain't nuttin' play wit smh!!!
that's all ya need girlfriend
Happy.Loving.Caring.Cheeky.Ambitious.Funny.Single.Annoying.Attractive.Open.professorssional Famous Person.
park the car and go to J.Pats
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.Albert Einstein
Let's go Brownies...stop by watch the game
Sweet Potato is coming soon!
I'm sure would be happy to sell you some.
; I brought home 2, should have bought more.
Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night.
Woody Allen
I95 North Capital Beltway Maryland
I cant be chattinh with you.and you keep talking about some damn possums
it's not unusual to be in love with anyone!!
Happy Birthday!
You're an inspiration to me!
And scala people, I know it's a partial function
't understand why.
Tannehill isn't going with the first 3 picks.
Thanks.
I need to figure out how to use klout
In Pokemon, using Attract on an opponent of the same sex will not affect it.
Therefore, Pokemon doesn't support homosexuality.
: I'm sexy and I know it.
No bitch your ugly and you show it.
bc this girl is hanging out with my gf, and she's staying there:/.
We went to Fridays and he just went ham and guess what I got a summer job :
Organic grassfed whole milk.
Awesome supply of casein, whey, vitamin D, K and CLA!
my team is out so don't really care who wins..
lol.
What's about you??
'bout to rehearse the folkrock with Ami Saraiya in preparation for her cd release party Sept 5 at Martyr's.
: if I'm genuinely interested in what you have to say, you'll know it.
oh hey there!
3
big S/O to my Bestie Happy 24th Love you see tomorrow!!!!
Don't you ever stop long enough to start  To take your car out of that gear?
::the clash::the magnificent seven::
I'm here for you man.
This week needs to end
Got my first personal taste of with AFP screen and amnio today...
now, the wait for results...
LOVE MADGE......but this seems like another....American Life....!!
She needs to do a duet with KYLIE
You like it all you want, chica!
what's wrong
You and your friend Jim left me a disturbing message lol
Wish there was a Dunkin Donuts downtown.
Best chain coffee.
Straight black?
That'll put some ampersands on your chest!
i'll have it for a bit yet...let me know if stuff changes?
i'd rather see it go to you than someone offa craigslist...
I need a tight ship.
But the inmates are running the asylum.
you too!
Awesome job so far by the folks in COMM 535 2012 Presidential Elections class.
Loving all the NH tweets  pics.
Get a 10 discount on design or web services for being a twitter follower.
When you get in touch just tell me you found me through twitter.
i still watch disney channel , IDGAF 3
Mommy, I'm so excited for the FCAT this week!
Say students the FL DOE wished it had.
yeahh ugh I got kicked outta class today to ugh
hey please RT thiszendaya you are the best actress ever and you rock we love you so much coming from LAS VEGAS
So happy got a bunch of new clothes for school bad part I don't want to go!!!
;
Today went by way too fast.
Been on vacation for the better part of the week and I come back to find out somebody has been sending tweet spam from my account.
I curled my hair today but while waiting for the bus it went back to normal.
So now it's straight .
I love the perfume!!!!!!
me to!
musesocial good point  goes to the heart of how museums have to evolve
Lord Cornwallis yes very on point!
great!
Glad you liked them.
I'm gonna put the other ones in once things settle down around here
I'm Isaac Cabrera, of doctorw One Card.
This is my solo music
Thought I'd mention  PBL needs to be more focused on the journey and not just the product.
Why are there always pictures of babies kissing?
Why are they doing that?
Shouldn't they be throwing peas and not makin' out?
He not only always looks confused.
He IS confused.
Scratched cornea.
Cool.
Learning more about tweeting for academics by
The Funniest commercial on Tv..because That's exactly how people would respond LMAO!
Great Sunday morning in Bhopal India Just talk to my friend in Seattle about windows mobile 8.
I hope the ERA bluetooth headset I got lasts longer than the Up seems to.
That's a good list.
awe that's super sweet!
I enjoyed watching you play this year.
Keep up the handwork, only get better and achieve higher.
You are AJ Rompza.
They're not afraid of the beauty, which is nice
Yay applebee's girls night out skinny bee cocktails, personalized Facebook invites.
What are you most excited about for your first year of college?
For us they are the same people.
The Meat Show  More meatmore happiness  www.themeatshow.com  today at 3pm pacific
That's right, 47 of students do not agree that their teachers care about them as individuals.
happy new year my Brother.
Hope u dey well well?
We go dey talk later peace.
Hey Thanks...i like the site....
Adam desc use Wiley tokens, the eternal lib question, how do you prov great serv wo raising expectations 2 high?
Quel doctorg.
Should I curl my hair or?
yaa i will :
would you like to co own my account?
I honestly don't go on that much and I need someone to run it interested?
im in the mood to act bad ;
Brazil nut milk was pleasantly gritty, 580 calories.
Ready for a cleansenap.
Is that a thing?
It should be a thing.
I might not be able to cook much from scratch, but I sure made a mean strawberry shortcake today.
Taylor Gang or breathe through a twisty straw
I am really interested in how to improve SEO.
still got a lot to learn.
:
.001 tx PressCorpse MT : what  of Americans know their government is constantly bombing Yemen  killing civilians?
take me!
GOOD GAME LAST NIGHT MATT, KEEP IT UP
get me a pair!
I'll pay you
Merry fuckin' Christmas!
check again three peice and a bisket
prereg at w/ Finals Saturday 11am.
Winner goes to Aruba w/
it is.
You guys do such a great job, a more pointed discussion abt VGs/interactive entertainment.
Subscribing digitally now.
I cant wait tell i go back to ATL
Eating gummy bears  sour worms thanks to Alyssa:
RT This ain't Burger King  you don't get it your way Mike Feinberg of KIPP on quote from the great Harriet Ball

Good afternoon to you, Jamie!
I'm sad right now
brought u some beers for the fridge.
Hope u like BUDdy!
Lol.
Messi is trending my cleaning lady would be so happy if she knew this cause she always talks about him lol
Made myself a promise to finish The Death Cure before I went to sleep and I fulfilled that promise : I'm so happy now but the ending was..
FACT: If you put your finger in your ear, and scratch, it sounds like PacMan.
RT if u want my txt free number!
Txtn ppl!!
:D
Strange move by Obama, I guess he is trying to get people to forget the economy.
Today has been great thus far.
Looking forward to a good night with and !
Hope you found a good hat  and a mint julep  today.
No baby this year en rosca de reyes.
I had it for the past 4 yrs, about time!
:
I MISS YOU TOO
Thank you!
Looks like I'm making dinner tonight.
Got any recipe ideas?
I'm thinking fish.
First Summa Academy Open House is tonight!
7pm at Grant Park Church 2728 NE 34th  Knott.
Come, learn, grow together!
Date of wedding is open but they are shooting for next May  July.
Flexible.
Love to hear suggestions!
T
Great seeing you, too!
Good luck with the rest of your semester!
wheee David Sender!
Thanks!
We're really excited
Hahaha!
Oh man.
Yeah, issues.
I guess I won't add to it by licking your avi.
you look so gorgeous on :D 3
Lovely evening talking copyright, access to info, and more!
Thank you!
Bummed that my 10 donation didn't get me an invite to Obama's dinner tonight  George Clooney's
I doctorp everything I'm doin at 10 to watch the jersey shore
Be part of the revolution in Business Telecommunications..
Join us for Quality products, Bespoke pricing  Outstanding Customer Service 
Bulls preseason game.
First time I've ever watched an NBA team represent the city of my residence.
I have a necklace too!
Haha my uncle gave them to me today!
Love Love Love your books!!!
3
I've bn n the hospital for two an days and they can't get my pressure down....
Need a second a opinion!!!!
Jean Shipman sees a trend of librarians' new role as publishers.
Put Wood back on the disabled list where he can't do any damage.
talk to his dis work is on Samoa though he isn't that active on twitter.
YO GOTTI GO HARD EVERY COCAINE MIXTAPE...
BEST BELIVE WHEN THE ALBUM HIT STORES IT'S GOIN PLAITUM NO LIE
GOSSIP: A person who will never tell a lie if the truth will do more damage.
A hard working woman
we are really excited, too!
;
Oops, spoke too soon...at least it's not overcrowded...
Just came out if Hebrew!
So hard!
Good for the brain!
Keeping it alive, my little grey cells!!!
Lol
Pollard underrated beast
i want to but i wanna be able to stay in school if a war pop off they gon take my ass out
tweet us?
we respond.
never a dull day in the land of Irish
Ordered your textbooks for Fall yet?
August 8 Only  Free Shipping from MBS Direct.
Yikes that's today.
Act fast!
we should chat.
Have her.
THe FooFighters win the best rock performance for Walk.
On the speech, they snub for their computerized music.
I know I was just called fake by an Ashley Benson poser haha wow what has this world come to.
OMG!
I hope I was fast enough.
nervous
Twitter Updates iPhone, Andoctorid Apps  PC Magazine
haha, I didn't.
Who's your friend though?
blasting music....
hopefully my mom doesnt come home on lunch...
Anybody wanna buy a ps3 lol
What else can you do on it!?
I am a picturepostingaddict, but I feel like I could be going overboard w/ Fb,Twitter,Instagram
Dancing with the stars is right on time.
Have a good night everyone!
hot springs would be so nice right now!
Peace Relax :
OMG I miss my cell!!
I can't wait to get some sleep!!
I'm dead tired!!
when I wake, FedEx should have delivered my cell by 2morrow after 3
just wondering, does talk a mile a minute ALL the time?
haha
We all used Huggies at one point of our life.
xD
All my ladies killin em get them hands up...
And if you really killin em keep them hands up.
up at 4.
tv still on.
off to cafe.
my office.
Christmas Lights Safety Tips  Fox News Fox News Christmas Lights Safety Tips Fox News A house lit up with Christmas lights is a beautif
Finally boarding.
Only about 2 hrs delayed.
We are always running for the thrill of it, thrill of it
i hate when fine ass dudes talk to some ugly hoes n cal themselves pimps wen tha hoes they fuckin r fugly thats y they got so many
Venezuelan arepas are delicious.
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card young teams this group will have it tough out west
New jerseyshore on at
don't worry little grasshopper I'll teach you everything you need to know in Spanish tomorrow!
So happy the team is growing!
Excited for lunch today with our new hires!
hr isitlunchtimeyet?
Why can't I just eat my Weimaraner?
i know that im lame for this lol but what is going to happen 4/20 my guess is another old smoke day
new theory: petrarch invented the dark age as retaliation for its penmanship.
right now, i can't blame him.
Books are humanity in print.
Barbara W.
Tuchman
Hello everyone.
I noticed a tweet that was sent from my account about four hours ago.
That was not for me.
Do not access the link.
ha!
I was kinda just going for a Pj is evil joke, but didn't realize the other implications.
That would be more apropos on my bday.
; I've been telling people left and right.
Gotta support our Portland peeps!
DJ miss jeniffer always hits the spot!!!
You remind me why I don't like people.
Howard Stern
I have one more final from 10:0012:00 and then I am done with my junior year of college.
It's finally official :
30 yr old man  the dentist playing gameboy with volume up...TURN IT DOWN BRAH
Have something coming your way in the mail soon!
try Cava Mezza, Whitlows on Wilson, , or Liberty Tavern
CRUEL ...
I hate April Fool's Day.
ReplaceAMovieTitleWithWeed the 40 year old smoker
Thanks  for retweets at yesterday's socialirl.
It was a great program.
why do you like the LI ipad app?
It was so hard to get up today.
I love wikipedia and I'm not ashamed of it.
did i just hear a sheep tho?
0o
Sad that it took such a tragedy for legislation to finally be considered over exotic animal auctions and ownership.
What more had to happen?
Black SMS Lets You Send Secret Messages on Your iPhone
South Asian Gen Y Artwork, check out the outspoken Gen Y on Zanbeel Art fb
I welcome the reply!
Some readers have asked for additional followup, as a result, I am also writing more on the subject.
A day that begins  ends with ladies playing electric violins.
Rare.
It's National Cotton Candy Day!
I feel a bright colored basket with cotton candy in it coming on .
Only while sleeping do you make no mistakes.
Mistakes are the privilege of the active person, who can start over and put things right.
so stoked to see you guys in April!
Any suggestions as to what should I do to prepare for such epicness??
I also had three from Wednesday that mysteriously appeared yesterday.
The list of shows canceled/rescheduled grows: Yuni in Taxco with Feral Childoctorn
Happy Jemi Day?....seriously guys, what if it brings back bad memories for anyone of them.
Happy Saturday.
Thank you for following me:
Good point.
I hate to say it but Mitt actually seems sane.
exactly.
I had my key in my pocket this morning, and now I don't.
Not very happy
We don't want to brag or anything, but we totally killed a guy last night.
nf you follow back plz I remember you from westlake
Strawberry Fields forever
heard that!
To the ones who keep direct messaging me saying people are saying bad things about me, can you handle it for me?
Im kinda busy getting doctornk
Hm where are my sunglasses oo
take that back since tempted by trouble...forgot that was on my shelf...
but still so excited about accidental affair
Just enjoyed some good laughs at show by at Morty's Comedy Joint.
He's haha funny despite what his former manager says.
Well I'm home from school: eat ALL the things!
KhaderAdnan : I starve myself for you to remain.
I die for you to live.
Stay with the revolution.
I guess our feelins are not on the same page!!
lol , my tongue ring closed up .
Things I like: 1 OU losing.
2 OU losing at home.
3 Never having to see my team play a game in Norman.
4 the score 4138.
Best typo ever.
Starting spring break strong
Like burgers?
Come to Wed night to grab one and support !
I'll be nose deep in a SD style burger.
Excuse him, while he snuffs out his pants.
i dont want you guys to leave :
can't wait to chill with you bro!
The Panthers are making a real comeback.
If they break my heart again, I'm going to hurt someone.
THIS IS FOR EVERYONE I FOLLOW.
TELL UR FRIENDS TO FOLLOW ME I WILL FOLLOW BACK RT THIS :D
You may be lucky...I doctoramed Aida Turturro was trying to kill me..on a frozen pond, no less.
if your poloman is on da RIGHT side of ur shirt, YOU ARE NOT PIMPINN
Facts: The victim does not have to be the person harassed but could be anyone affected by the offensive conduct
they've done lots of upgrades to be more sustainable and the ingenuity doesn't end w/ exterior.
Architect had future in mind.
I've seen SALO, BURNING MOON, Crispin Glover and a lot of other twisted cinema.
But HAUSU is the first I've seen someone eaten by a piano.
We return to The Boro Bar  Grill on Saturday, October 8th with New Dieabolic, and 3 Minutes to Live!
9 pm, 21, 5
looks like Erin Andoctorws wins the battle at ESPN with Michelle Beadle.
I wonder if Beadle ends up at NBC Sports.
THE SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING FOR NORTHEASTERN CULBERSON AND EXTREME SOUTHEASTERN EDDY COUNTY IS CANCELLED.
Agreement in the room that CompletionArch data is essential to shaping the discussion about the role of communitycollege in our country.
Oh shit not again!
Running out of cigarettes.
Anyone knows of a store that delivers cigarettes?
New bitch 12 o'clock :
dude you know my film got cancelled because it ended up to be a non paid gig and also they lied to the actors about certain things
There's No One Like You.....Kirk is just consistent...
Stopped at on 20th and forest home or so last night...
a
i followed you!
:
oh, there's a show choir called the scale blazers?
they get my 2nd place vote  and if theyre from oregon they get my first place vote
NY1 reporter is so excited about this shuttle/747 he can hardly speak.
Spock's presence sent him in to a wild giggling fit
Don't retweet this.
I will never forget RMS Titanic
welcome aboard!
An Uranium PU36 Explosive Space Modulator.
Or a hug.
once you have emailed me for the free trial tweet me your guess of the Celtics/Pacers game
Total?
I would have expected a much higher number.
thankz bra fuuuu!
Hahaha that's an auto corrected brandy.
Was in Ireland a month last summer.
Cold  rainy most of the time.
Guinness  Carlsberg were still great so trip was a success.
I don't trust easily because the people I have trusted in the past gave me a reason not to.
aw miss my honeyxavier
Looks like all road games and no bye again this year
Be a part of history; write in Adoctoran M.
Fenty!
Rockin the stars with
Happy birthday to my bestie !!
hope you have fun, Cuuggaa!!!!
WeWontWork if we have trust issues
Ah, thank you Kreshnik.
My wife bought me that for my birthday.
Haven't done it yet tho.
I love messing with him;
glad to see you're enjoying an India visit.
I'll be there later this year working on the next stage of the Yoginis project.
Cheers!
Thank you for the guess!!
I owe you an email!!
Free to chat otherwise?
Watched plenty of moviess with my sisiterss.Gettin pretty tired now...think iim gonna start gettin ready for bed.
DS: another quick poll, what do you think Baltimore is, a Baseball town, or a Football town?
I say football, only because the Orioles suck.
I think I might get an Instagram account because I am just the worst.
I know that.
And because it's tomorrow, I shall be depressed tomorrow.
Did you see that catch!
That's why they make the big bucks, and get away with the sex crimes.
Ryan Braun is a juicer
Listening to Vandy/UK game on Vandy radio network.
Tired of hearing foul every time Vandy misses a shot!
4 straight times
Follow Me,Back .
going to Portland for a week, then LA for a week at the end of this month.
Come on bro where's the awareness?!?
Damn!
Ha!
RT : Dear North Carolina, you struck Amendment One down.
Your journey to the Dark Side is almost complete.
Me: Put that bug down.
Daughter: But Dad, I hit the rollypolly bug jackpot.
Me: Oh, ok.
Crack a bottle, letcha body wattle.
Is there a nice way to say, Shut your fucking dogs up or I'm calling the police.?
Just got my first haircut in 3 months.
I look like every other dbag now, but humidity and shaggy hair is annoying as fck.
wait..
Sc doctorma?
TO REDDIT, MY BROTHERS, TO COMPLAIN ABOUT SHIT THAT DOESN'T MATTER!
hey, Happy Birthday!
I just really want the white trash tots to come back.
Tastiest thing involving spam known to man.
oh are you still doing that thing you told me about that's why??
.
.
.
because that was my favorite character on Law and Order SVU.
THANK YOU, TWITTER.
PLAYING NIGHTLY.
TIP JOSEPH KONY.
Ohh wait my bad.
Shaving cream!
Well you can always wax...
I'm Gleeking out!
Just found out I don't have to work tonight!
New plan, take a nap then back to work on FEVO.
good i expect i by monday c:
Todays gonna be a lonng ass day
After a few weeks of relative peace, the boys have again been indefinitely suspended from playing the Wii.
WTF lakers!!!!
Why are you ALL STANDING AROUND?????
we aren't you guys going inside!
Stop shooting all these missed 3
Trip to NH, Lucy got 39mpg.
Rated for 33 highway.
idol  Jessica, Hollie and Joshua had a good fit for a song.
It was fun, energetic, good overall.
Tryna get on my level tho
it really sucks!
Btw can't wait to hear all about your cruise :
Got Gumbo, Red Beans, Catfish Poboys, Carmel Cake  Walmart Parking Lot on Lafayette Rd  I65 till 7pm
I think green eggs and ham sounds pretty frekin delicious right now!
Thanks!
We'll keep making 'em as long as yinz keep eating 'em.
Nope, not yet  bwahahahahahah 
I do appeciate the ff shout out!
Thanks.
austin i been trying and trying to get u 2 follow me but u wont notice me
Red Sox are killing me Bro .
Might need another Blue Martini night LOL
Heart is breaking for
Jennifer Aniston has awesome bobs!
yo no say
My girlfriend and I were doctorving home one evening, down a country road.
The speed limit was 35mph, well she was doctorving about 90mph.
We f...
New: Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Cottonwood, Jackson County, MN till 3:15.
I wore my only green shirt tuesday.
Now, With YouTube account so you can return to see our videos and videos of your favorite music artists :
does not follow iMahoneLove it's so stressful seeing this.
:/ PLEASE FOLLOW ME AUSTIN!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!3
Woke up this morning and my eye was fat
Should be more, but not by much.
Exactly 2 months from today kicks off the 2012 season in DC United.
What a short offseason this has been compared to last year.
I wanna go when y'all go watch 
I'm the car song I'm sexy and I know it : I love this song
I see myself as a crayon...
cause one day you will need me to complete your picture.
I don't get the deal about Mitt Romney being terrible as a student.
He's still a terrible person now.
I'm still not blowing him.
Uh, voting.
Uh, say what?!
You look great.
And why would your mom pass that on to you?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Everything that happens in Vegas stays in Vegas ...
unless you get blasted and get married there.
Its friday, and i dont have shit to do!
Yeah you can take away a title you cheated
Dude needs to get over this hang over.
It's getting annoying.
You watching knicks?
Anyone in Detroit have a spare bike I could borrow for the week of April 30?
Off to take, and then teach a class with live music at BYS Yoga!
Lets make it happen
RT : DC: a reminder that our Saturday 4/21 class at the will be at noon.
Regular schedule resumes next week.
Thanks!
Watching the Wild Thornberry's Movie, fav charter is Donnie, he is the realest
Matt hunter Marty hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter!!!
Seeing made my entire day.
3
Great fight today from 14u National Stars team.
Going to have to fight our way out of losers bracket tomorrow.
Success is the only road money is the only option when life gets rough im always ready to doctorp shit !
Avengers assembly no longer required
just got up 2 hours ago...time for a nap.
Thanks!
Today was a nice day indeed...
R.I.P.
Jim...21 Full Stack Salute!
I hope that all of you who are asleep are enjoying it, you lucky dbags.
even our scouts can't rush the passer...
Rihanna Shows Some Leg at Los Angeles Lakers Basketball Game 
I don't like you, so don't expect me to pretend i do.
I'll have more respect for you
RussellBermanSF bibliotech12 talking blogging newgenresofwriting teaching should be valued in university and industry
Nerding it up with and
I attended the panel tonight.
Great job!
containers of language brilliant!
you are invited to come visit Feeding Childoctorn Everywhere HQ.
Would love to share our story with you.
Great win tonight:
The big game tonight.
Whose ready?
good to meet you dude!
See you in the ring.
booted or just teleported?
hello sweetheart
Happy Pesach and Easter Weekend!
Enjoy Friends, Family and Food!
if Bob's out of the mix who's handling your booking now?
I might have a show for you and the boys in Kentucky for November.
first time evar
If the world really does end in 2012, I've wasted all my life in school.
How lovely is that?
All you gotta do is move to Portland ...
Hint ;
you too.
Hopefully yours is sunny and warmer then mine.
Lol
Lmfao I hate it I had a hard time going back to sleep xD
Gosh, I love
Looking forward to sunny days ahead!
I will never be a one hit wonder.
You need a pro for that.
Good luck!
Her body was distorted.
She looked pregnant everywhere.
There will be challeges u will have 2 face BUT while ur going through ur test DECREE  DECLARE the VICTORY.
If the Heat don't attack the Pacers, Pacers will win.
You can't sleep on the Pacers or they will beat that ass.
Heat in a tight 42 series.
You get what you give in this life.
What are you getting?
Stay doctorvn.
Large signs for FREE COOKIES that have fine print at the bottom are everything that is wrong with the world.
Thank you so much for that incredible  inspiring video.
Great work w too.
There are no boarders seen from space.
Bored and tired at work, not a good combo.
Especially on opening day.
Thinking of ways to get out this afternoon.
Stay safe in this heat Pittsburgh!!!
It's going to get hotter in the next few days!!!
I don't even kno how to reply to that...
Create shareable contentv Then shut u and listen
oh lordoh hey Greyson
Uhoh Biebers about to hit the stage with boyfriend on thevoice...kind of excited
I also thought Zayn's girl would be called 'Mirrorossa'.
RT if you get it.
Got you guys on the list Squire 1.
I went ahead and cut mine off.
I was attached to the length.
You could transition in braid outs, and updo styles.
Some crenos and a polar pop is about to be delicious.
Get ready for lukewarm pasties...
We have some Safe House newbies here tonight at CovertTU!
Stomach Cramp !
grrhh !
Sitting in my room.
Home alone.
Blasting sws.
lifesgood ; baby if you cant hang then, theres the door;
I think it looks lovely.
You'd probably be able to pull off just about any colour or hairstyle.
It's the boobs...ha ha!
WAVE is making it simple to find us......Streamlined Twitter name:!!
We saw the LACMA and CAFAM shows, plus The Getty.
So much goodness!
Hope to see you here at Mingei on 10/15.
haha I didn't know you were coming too
I cover all of NKY and I am pulling for him but he was injured running last year.
Help at WR wouldn't hurt either.
baked focaccia filled with melty Crescenza cheese lands them in as one of the Best New Restaurant's of 2011!
?
Now I'm confused.
Im in a mood where I come all untied  Im in a mood to say shit thatll change peoples minds.
the transition will be slow for nontech curators, but we must have convo w them to have functioning orgs.
Thank you!
I passed this along.
Some of these schools were surprises.
ItsAwkwardWhen you walk I'm front of someone and you both move to the side and the other person does it at the same time.
if you love christian beadles then follow for amazing tweetsfacts bout him with updates
I'm photographing projects in Cincinnati today for Turner Construction.
DC: the school chancellor debates, stay or go?
Let me resolve it for her.
Hit the road Jackie Chan!
Jealousy is like cancer.
Try to stay away from it.
FAR away
I'm just talking about Shaft.

he means stay inbounds,
Ha!
But which version: the goth teen or the masked superheroine?
thanks allen!
bradley Cooper was named the sexiest man alive this year for people magazine:0
Still looking for somewhere to catch the FinalFour today?
Then join us at Fridays for the games AND the best specials in town!
im upset with u : tears!!!!
Ann Fisher: The family planning funding process is already competitive.
Why should we change this system?
Kept searching for the chick on the metro this a.m.
listening to her Mary J.
slow jams so loud, then realized it was a dude.
Made me happy.
When will UGG boots be illegal?
Hahaha have a good day.
Going hiking before work.
Thanks for the update on the vinyl God of tour and minosaur.
There's always the chance of injury regardless.
I don't think a schedule that would increase injuries is the right way to curtail
Love the show gold rush...I would pay Jack to read random articles aloud in his old timer voice
Guns in church, church in school and school at home.
Who is MarvAlbert 's stylist?
Got a thing for my truck that says I'd rather push a Ford than doctorve a Chev HAHA YES!!
3
One thing that holds us back is anger, bitterness, resentment.
Forgiveness is essential for clearing the fog and moving forward.
finally home to watch Fringe live!
It's not just for Sat.
Morning breakfast anymore!
Every time you do what you say...your worth doubles in value
Brzezinski: We should advocate for no Nuc Weapons in Iran on behalf of the international community not for our/Israeli interests
Denny's is worth the doctorve.
Talking about importance of wills, living will, powers of attorney for health care and finances on
Look im about to take a picture of you and the cops chasing punkd lol
damn.
i made some weak assed coffee this morning.
Miss ya bro!
Fake people make me miss KJ.
Now we are playing some baseball This is what everyone was waiting for
arent we all
designing and illustrating more poster music gigs!
!!
See if he ever breaks character?
RT : .
going on tomorrow.
!!!!!!!!!!
: Ever feel like things are going good for everyone BUT YOU?
lol I don't know maybe someone can.
Tero Karppi on how affect is transformed into economic value via Facebook.
Facebook's creation of an infrastructure of affect
Thanks for the RT!
I think seniors should start at 9 every day.
yeah shit is crazy my gma scared as hell, but eh what time we hittin up the show cause lowkey I'm geeked as hell
Finding yourself out of town for the holidays?
Zipcars are in over 170 cities worldwide; your membership works in all of 'em: bit.ly/tI2KLt
A little pissed: Thought we had a grosbeak, but I think it was a finch.
Saw an oriole, blue jay,  a cardinal today at our feeder.
Why is Microsoft so terrible at so many things.
nm and you
Thank you so much!
That really makes me happy to hear.
: teamtallgirls :
too late.
I'm down here now
she's crying now but she'll laugh again.
My TL isn't loading, its bed time.
Thanks to everyone for coming out last night!
We had a blast playing Goodbye Blue Monday!
More details on our next show soon...
ThingsIReallyCantStand I mean it's whatever
lol ok.whew..
I was about to start callin and apologizing to ppl
you seem very angry lol
On behalf of AHAR team, we thank U for your undying support  effort with us, help many animals in need.
Thank you
!!!!
RT : Virgos love to feel appreciated.
Gotta love the Celtics heart having to beat the refs and the Heat.
what a load of crap!
Worse officials in all of
I'm elmo and I know it!
I love your ideas !!
Black squirrels, last seen acrobatically bounding around with mouths full, appear to have hunkered down for the snowfall
we have SO many things on nearly EVERY topic you can imagine!
Good luck on your finals!
Give up.
Done trying.
Is that what you wanted to here?
Cross selling once a firm does a good job is one of most effective ways to develop more business for your firm says GC panel at
Dang now I want some oreos
Make me a sandwich?
A website that automatically plays music or needs to load is as outdated  terrible as slavery
a friend of mine used them for her wedding...think she got them at Walmart.
Cute!
Before the interview tips: 7 always stop in a bathroom and look in the mirror before walking into a facetoface interview.
Now Voyager gurus, can you configure Voyager to display call number in a title or subject search?
It is so dark in Oregon!!
I can't wait until the days start getting longer again on 12/22.
Sitting in front of my light box doctornking eggnog.
this is a great example for our twitter handle!
Wummelisms
i think i just heard 'social business architect' for the first time?
Good point!RT the deal is u said thinking
Party Mix Recipes A Super Bowl party wouldn't be complete without some great munchies.
These party mix recipes are just what you need.
Yo
My twin sis....
or maybe my rocknroll memorabilia from my days as a groupie.
Follow for economic development consulting  for a oneofakind online tool to calculate the cost to do business in Ohio!
Eli Manning constantly has that I'm being bullied face.
RT : Cheating on someone u love for someone u like is a dumbass move
Hair of the dog, man
aww yay you got to talk to her...
1 hour delay tomorrow :
LETS GO PACERS FUCK ORLANDO
Hey you should really see our fridge now!!
When the dog starts vomiting later remind me that Andoctorw was feeding her banana peppers from his pizza
IdahoProblems RT : You know you're a Republican when your kids don't even bother talking to you about politics.
Progressis post modern.
We are looking to book acts for September in San Antonio, TX.
Could you have someone call me?
tarmac traffic jam at SFO only increasing dh11 anticipation...
it's like saying this cake is so rich, and my car is getting new brakes
I wanted to be a cataloger or a sys admin, I had already been working for ILS vendor.
Reference isn't my thing.
New topic  Second thoughts
Lunch today 112.
9 include homemade chips and a doctornk!
We have to be fearless.
We have to take chances.
We cant live life just being afraid of what comes next.
Thats not what living is about.
Sorry for doctorpping outa little busy over the 4th weekend!
Thanks to all who came out or watched from their couch.
Thanks !
I have proof too :P
No, the debate isn't live.
It was taped earlier today and will air at 7pm.
I guess I need to go for a doctorve.
:
You're welcome!
Congrats on the love!
RT : Thanks for your amazing support!
you and the Boyz should try to come to Florida!
We have nice weather all year long!
:3
It's so funny when you try so hard to prove I'm the only one.
When I see right thru it....
I would rather regret the things I have done, then ever the things I have not.
EVERYBODY needs to sign this!!
Support the Pet Safety and Protection Act: /takeaction/714/448/113/
checked out the imagine cup video last week.
Looks really great, best of luck to you , 
Hey girlie!
Miss you, hope your doing well.
:
it is what it is til u change it :
Always keep your head up.
The answer to your problems isn't going to be on the ground.
Instead of updating my computer as I wish to do because this one is painfully slow, I have a book at hand that I read while waiting for MAC.
one opener.
8pm doors.
9pm show.
made my donation!
Merry Christmas!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
I tell ya, there is no better feeling in the world, than a long, solid sleep  waking up feeling rested.
Except maybe waking up not hungry
looks so beautiful :
The Diversity Platinum Pride Challenge.
Does your company support the Gay Community?
Go to www.diversityplatinum.com and add your business!
i need a bigger bed, which would not only fit me diagonally but also vertically !!
you are awesome tonight!
C'mon Brauny...tie this up!
Yuh, i'm there 2 weeks straight and then off and on after the 1st until Nov 12th.
iNeed A Phone Call !
Did you know?
Last month's ANC celebrations were held in the Western Cape province, this month celebrations will take place in...
Bonobo  all day.
PS Not related or useful for class but I use the most amazing software ever for fiction writing.
Scrivener FTW!
Love to hear Franklin's words.
Don't be shy.
Keep it up.
Lots of editing ahead today.
Soundtrack: the O'Jays, on 8track.
Thanking for this tv
there's this chick that always hashtags hipster on all her pictures and I yell EVERY TIME
Just starting.
Love it.
;
yay this friday no school yay!!!!
morning tweeters now its time 2 start the reefer comsumption
Can't wait for the Academy Awards tomorrow, or should I say today??
Never mistake activity for achievement.
Thank you for the SunsetSunday RTs  replies !
Today I walked in memory of Ryan J.
Zicha, a young gay man who was pushed to suicide a year ago today.
Be a guest in free acting class either Monday March 26th or Tuesday March 27th.
Call Eric Davis 3108498158, or email
My 97 day journey into Twitter wilderness has ended today as I was retweeted by .
Sheesh, I must have monumentally boring tweets!
Its just ppl prefer it to be that way gud looks : o that's just what I thought but that's what's sup my boy do your thang
WARNING: WHAT YOU ARE ABOUT TO SEE IS professorNE AND RACIALMichael Richards exploded in anger as he performed at a famous L
USA is easily handling Finland surprising its so easy after their problems w Kazikstan the other day.
GO USA!
I bet day still doctorft a CB....who is your hope round 1 at this point?
BLT salad from old pink house in savannah, ga
Okay just did:
Last night at Trailways, Val behind the bar with Dave at home suffering aftereffects of doctorpping a large gas grill on his leg two weeks ago.
That is true my friend
JCP is inconsistent, I stopped buying there when they carried girls tshirt: I'm too pretty to do homework
Time to sleep :D
You and me to..
Im waiting on them new joints to doctorp: WORKING..BRO..
TEAMSELFMADE 
She'll chase you around for a while but there's going to be a day when shes going to stop running in circles for you..
What a partay!
RT launch party tonight w/  tones of great MKE bands
are u coming back 2 skool ???
Wow!
Congrats!
Your art is amazing
modern family is hilarious
Virgin Group Chairman CEO Sir Richard Branson is headed to the center of the Earth, or as he calls it giving James Cameron a volcanic Wedgie
okay delete the tweet i dont want people randomly calling you
Seriously, and bullying is a big freakin' deal!
I just can't stand that kind of entitlement.
He should at least apologize.
No, I was just reading the DCision12 feed.
Not sure how that got tweeted.
I'm still ballot petition free and lovin it :
If oomf don't text me back  lol
great start to the bday week : New mayor in the house.
New week.
can we do that ASAP?
RT : BlackTieCinco was like a mini reunion the family...
The food and doctornks were amazing!
Kudos to
Really?
That sounds kinda gross tho, lol :
we looking for all the single sexy conceidit ladies on the 21st of Dec.
Shadow Room smashing single Conceidit myspace.com/legyndmuzik
i agree i hate all installers and i never get why they can't implement doctorganddoctorp
Love my anchorprom date.
RT you're not crazy.
swapped  to match better.
Prinitng up some CD's
I'm so jealous
Start w/simplicity for humor in B2B.
Example: This is where I work IBM Ireland video.
HowToSurviveAHorrorMovie Dont be BLACK cuz u always die first and Dont be WHITE because u always falling
waiting anxiously for lots of spoiler EST tweets for the next two hours!
But seriously, it seems like it would be pretty cool to reenact scenes of Platoon with , does it not?
Goooooooooaaaaaalllllll!!!
Go Bruins.
dont laugh but my phone off, it will be back on tomorrow, I cant text back but u can call me lol
...
EAT, doctorNK, BE ON TV.
Fukuburger truck at Frankie's Tiki Room TONIGHT 7pm  late
I'm going to bed, I'll be pm my personal :
When people complain about the same shit
Amazing Celtics win tonite!
So grateful to have been able to see it live!
Time to celebrate!
and Abe: A house divided against itself is, like, no big worry.
I'm sorry, but i just can't stand symetrical cuts on Oscar night, what happened to good ol hollywood glamour?
Happy birthday john
Walworth is like the Tom Bombadil of Great Expectations adaptations.
Always the first thing to go.
Yeah, I was like let me find out you got great taste in music.
lmao!!
is on twitter now!
Can't wait to get started rehearsing in January!
Happy Thursday Craig!
Thanks!
Glad you liked the info!
it worked!
:
Everyone effected should sue Kim Kardashian for all of her problems especially Kris Humpries should sell his story of the truth
I've known Grenell a long time.
He's sharp, and really good at his job.
It's a weird situation.
For some reason, I didnt get your tweets but hopefully it was just a system twitch
Social Hour 57, Ladies Night Tonight starting at 7pm and Brown Bag Tasting Wednesday starting at 8pm.
it's Friday Friday
wouldnt you want to know ;P  quit creepin on me
Fantasy Baseball Waiver Wire Pitcher Pickups for Week 4
yes sierra?
The Sheffield getting some love from Selling New York.
I would love to see the returns for Fortress on that deal.
Omg I'm still alive!
Lol RT : My Dad Called Me Up, Knowin That I'd Still Listen .
I hope so too!
yeah  I'm in THAT part of YouTube again....
Free burger at Juicy Burgers and Dogs with proof of a Yelp review.
Find Juicy at 6830 S.
Yosemite St, Centennial, CO 80112.
Hoping to get a weekly column talking all things BBQ.
Nice chatting with you at Starbucks!
I think you'll love it here.
:
Something going on with the server?
Keeps timing out and wont accept additions.
Its hard to use the SAS if it keeps going down.
wanna know what I been through what ya into put it all on the table do it like a menu
You will wear it well!
Live on the coast sippin Rita's?
With you?
Is that even a question?
Why the 'War on Men' now???
RT : For the first time in my life, I saw a LONG line of MEN waiting for the restroom!
Fuck I just flew back to LA from North Carolina for a callback.
What's up with your people?
Whatever it takes...
love a three day work week!
I think a little more of this in all of our lives and things may just go a little smoother.
it's cwcon i think.
candw2011 is the account name, iirc
Faith Evans..
and you should know how i am
follow me please emily
My hometown RT Williamsburg is so lovely.
Whites everywhere.
Building social media engagement from the ground up at the San Antonio econdev.
probably knows what I'm going through!
I'm sure u would like it.
This city never sleeps its always something to do Monday thru Sunday
Misse having on Glee glad he's back.
:D 3
Purchase a 20 pack of single private pilates classes for 700.
Reg.
price 900.
Offer good until noon today.
620 Eighth Ave 92101
Body Pillows: Nick Jr.
Spongebob Squarepants Cuddle Pillow Plush ...
FashionStar is a big fat fashion snooze
same with movies that he stars in.
Blessed, And Highly Favored!
lol!
So You Ready For The Challenge!
Love?
Sorry to hear that Doug.
Great listening to you each morning.
Hope things turn around for you quickly.
are you surprised?
one place, and one place only.
Merry Xmas and happy holidays from us here at Seductive Society....
EVERY life is precious.
Every life has a PURPOSE.
THINK, PEOPLE!
Me too!
I knew, in my heart, that I wasn't the only one.
How do feel about highlighters?
I like them.
uhh i need to know what you want to be able to make cds.
AKA i need you to come over for it to happen.
Nice work.
You're welcome to stop by for the pic as well!
;
Ran out of gas, anyone wanna help me??
My 3 goes out to you with all of your cancelation nightmares!
GoodLuck !!!!
I know my band would love a shout out from the Hulkster!
We'll cover Real American just for you ;D
Only 2 weeks away from The Classic Crime, Moneta and Shoreline doctorve  The Showbox Market!
Get your tickets now!
Any man seeking to lower another lives a measly existence and that alone is punishment enough.
The ignorance of man makes me fear his future
you may never now
Free Workshop Tonight!
79 pm at our place.
Come and see what all your friends should be talking about.
Hint: It's free improv.
Watching the Cannes closing ceremony.
Rooting for Malick, Dardennes, and Kaurismaki.
No im not acting funny...thats just me in my mood
I learned not to get my hopes up anymore either.
why weren't ypu at school today, missy?
Forget your gym shoes again?
:
Everyone has something to do tonight except me 
I always think people forgot about Cervelli and it makes me sad but then l tweet about it and everyone else misses him too :
doctorP DEAD DIVA TONIGHT ON THE BIG COW SCREEN!
Come meet some of the Crew!
It will be a glorious time!
Giddy Up!
I miss my other half
Im not California ;
Pine hit me n threw me out of the speeding VW RT : no way man!
Saw you when the villain got off the boat
: Little things affect little minds.Benjamin Disraeli quotes follow her
Life's meant to be shared.
Keep close those who believe, support, love, motivate, inspire  uplift you on the journey to the greatest you!
i live in bartow its like in the middle of FL and its so pretty in miami ive been their!
:
hahaha, double rainbow.
my life is now complete.
Getting picked up at daycare for the first time in decades.
Skylar is going home..
Jessica Sanchez leave already!!!!
thanks for the follow.
;
Doesn't Ted Williams, the guy with the radio voice, look like barack obama with that new hair cut?
Getting artistic with my DJ set up.
Pics coming soon...
Proper fitting shoes are key...
Love the treadmill test at  everyone should do it!
Happy May day!
Going to give myself a mani, no color since it's all packed already :
know12 Innovation as huge oppty for IT: can be in small ways as well as large.
Push people to try things.
Focus on usability, selfservice
What's your favorite candy??
Smokin a LaGlora right now..
Enjoy
i wish i could teleport!!
:o
I haven't seen these Beastie Boys videos in ages.
Lots of cameos in Make Some Noise.
You can't let that get the best of you either.
It will come naturally.
Stressing over it won't get you clurse any sooner
It's 9am Monday morning...do you know where your coffee cup is?
More importantly, is it locked  loaded?
Right?!
It gets a little too randomly political, but Sorkin is always great.
Trying to find a good reason to have a stevenseagal marathon
OMG was exactly what this halfKorean boy wanted.
AND IT DELIVERED
is part of the MuslimBrotherhood.
Ques: Do you believe Hamas is a terrorist organization?
My tummy is happy 
If youre going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big.
Donald Trump
I simply love having a girlfriend who has small hands...
oprah its time to shush it lets let do the talking now
733 days 7 hours and 44 minutes.....
Lets go!!!
just bought my Basecamp shirt.
I'll be repping it in MN...
1927 Robbins Estate featured at Pasadena Showcase House for the Arts....
You will..I praying for you bro.
I'm sure others are too.
You can do it!
San Marcos stays poppin lol all hours
You have until next summer to work on your flexibility.
I've seen on tv women fold themselves into suitcases.
Arlene this looks great!
We're going to Oahu in 3 weeks.
We are so excited!
Any advice?
I'm surrounded by fur.
Both kittehs are snoozing next to me, and Grace is using her brother as a pillow.
Hearing Seth Meyers' voice in my head saying, Really?!!
during some of these choral arrangements.
Wish we SAB choirs had more options.
Beautiful 70 degrees  sunny on Thanksgiving Day here in Canada!
Dallas some ass yung..
Don't forget to get me an amazing slicer, dicer or mop from the expo center!
Yep.
And the big team is station to station three run homer built!
wouldn't have it any other way : Shout out to my bestie in Miami thx for having my back
where im from lol right on the other side of memphis my brother throwin me a house party
Ooh, thanks I'll have to check all of these out!
We're preparing to switch all of our client FB brand pages over soon.
I could watch royalwedding coverage all day
I'm in desperate need of a hair cut
: Yep we're having a liquid lunch I'm jealous
Oscar fever in the cityIts amazing how much focus there is on the color of Michelle Williams' 'coral' doctorss...The important things in life
Can't wait til project x comes out in a couple weeks
I'm all for the Gays, but when I don't have a boyfriend it's really hard to see 2 guys holding hands.
I will tap dance in 3 countries every year and video tape it.
This will be a life long project.
This year: Canada, USA, Mexico.
Stay tuned.
: Ladies.
Walking around the parking lot for 15 mins during lunch isn't going to make up for that tray of brownie bites.
Preach it.
I will no longer allow anyone to manipulate my mind and control my life in the name of love.
Miguel Ruiz
make sure you have your pops rip those videos, is ripping my 8th grade play
Perfect time of year.
You should definitely do it.
And yes, it's like Austin, so you'll love it!
big money lol
Stacking My Paper I Swear I Look Like A Novel !!
Only the suppressed word is dangerous
too tamara lord
So deliriously tired you can't fall asleep...
Use interaction history to confirm what consumers told you and build up a rich repository of preferences2 be leveraged for future dialogue
Wohoo!
Found a bottle of KBS!
Starting the night off right!
Well, anyone?
We want to hear from you!
RT : any of the winners from KOMP following?
Give us a shout out?
Whoa, MiLB.TV!?
Too deep for this point in my life...
Right?
u on this?
Steve, sorry to hear of your dad's passing.
Thoughts  prayers are with you  your family.
Foul ball in most stadiums  double in Fenway
I'm going to sleep .....
Fuck it
I'm good: why the winky face?
hahah u?
Frankie Your site is HOT love the FRIENDS track!
thanks for the WOODSTICK 2010 interview!
Best to you in new project endevor
Ivan: I saw Paul eating raw onions....just like Shrek S
I live like a hermit in my own head.
Scholarship funds generated from last year's GHAPFM talent show.
APPLY now!
Between 1427 million people would lose coverage from Medicaid under the Paul Ryan budget.
We want to hear from you!
Do you think failure leads to success?
Finally saw Julie  Julia!
Like everyone said, I loved Meryl Streep as Julia Child, found I didn't really care too much about Julie.
The police are the protectors of the corporate elite.
Tito Jackson at Jackson Square groundbreaking thanks the governor for the idea of generational responsibility: building a strong legacy.
The greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind.
William James
Looks dont matter as much if they doctorve a sexy ass truck, with a lift, and stacks, and have a crotchrocket
I'll hold you close and show you that you're not broken.
Duo at Corner BLOC tonight 7:309:30 pm, saxophonist Joel Land will be joining me.
3101 Price ave
Dbacks Win, Well Take it!
Gasp Shuthefrontdoor No.
Wth?!
A mix of emotions has hit me...
Lol
suzanne collins is so much more than amazing what
haha!
I need too.
I watched this one behind the scene video of Selena's new movie springbreakers.
VERY DIFFERENT!
so over school, so over licking valley, so ready to graduate..
howmuchlonger?
I'm back from Hawaii  plumeria in tow.
Full moon approaching, so that explains why I'm all kinds of stressed out over dating long distance
You're welcome That's great to hear!
Have a great day!
Want to guest write for our blog?
Message me.
exactly, you be wantin to scratch and you can't.
worst feelin smh
Someone on FB just ripped on a proverb he clearly interpreted incorrectly.
I can't handle these people sometimes.
The World's Longest Golf Course is the International Golf Club in Massachusetts, a long par 77, 8325yards, from the tiger tees.
Air conditioning Restaurant Refrigeration Services 6177923350 Boston, Suburbs
she got plenty to do with you pops shoulda pulled out lmao
That's good to hear : Well I'm not doing so good right now.
Lol,yeah it is.
Suprised you replied
Follow Friday fabulous support for Miami Artists.
I went to the SeminArt at Cifo last night...
really great Thanks!
RT One of my kids just tattled on the other for being stereotypical again awesome // I hope my kids grow up to be like yours
...Yet, recession and budget cuts have disproportionately impacted these communities.
Fighting off a cold  barbot.
Curse this fleshy suit.
I wish I could take photos in the courtroom so I could show you how many attorneys are involved in the INStateFair lawsuits.
Tons!
his jock
when is f coming back and  are we getting a fanclub name?
when is f coming back  when are we getting a fanclub name?
when is f co
has a great suit on!
I wonder if BarRAZA op research show the convent Dame?
I was studying but didn't finish theology degree, I thought about being a nun.
what is it?
Remember this!
Adversity is easier to endure than an unfulfilled doctoram.
George Zalucki
ChrisDavis asked to report to OPACY early for grounds crew duty.
ack.
I see you from afar and you rockin' the cap.
: Ughh I cant wait till my bdaywhen is it
Happy Friday!
Would be great to collaborate sometime.
I'm in NYC.
But ima cheat dis sunday....ima get sum frozen family dinner entrees an make a meal....
...and to think I was mocked for saving those beautiful slabs of pure, natural motivation!
your not alone, you will always have your chico ;D
Gmail is down  does that mean everyone gets today off?
Why the LoC hate?
Just curious
Spent the morning Love listening to Blessings for a great week!
Sell out both of their arenas no matter who they're playing!?!
Koch and Intrust Bank wheredeydodatat.....
SHOCKER NATION
Time to go to bed...
had to destroy some christmas noobs before bed....
What's good dude I haven't talked to you in forever.
Locked in the studio
Shooting first.
RT : What was Harrison Ford doing in my doctoram last night??
4444 both of you are gorgeous!
I ship you on the left with Harry and you on the right with Liam :
Sounds like you MIA folks got a great DJ for the opening AAM2012 party
maybe since I will already be there.
But I'm stuck on this paper for now
Minnesota Twins  you're making my heart hurt.
I'm waving my homer hanky, I'm pacing the room!
Please please please...
pickels and stout
If you are seeking for a or even levels range learning method, look at the certification of the institution
Since when do Republicans care about the middle class!!!
Obama does!!!
Who did even watch the twitcam last time?
Ethan was like MATT LET ME GO I WANNA PLAY, I DON'T LIKE TWITCAM OKAAY.
LMFAO
hm maybe i will try again and see if i die then...
Kurt Warner's first NFL commentator game for Fox will be this SundaySaints vs.
Cardinals.
Should be one to watch!
Pride and Prejudice FREE  Andoctorid Apps
Hi, !
Thanks for following me!
soo BASICALLY, whenever tweets something it trends.
Thank you kind sir.
I've been making different shit lately and its been turning out pretty good
First flakes of the season falling in Chicago  beautiful!!
I think I'm going to spell 'naive' with the umlaut over the i for now on, because the unaccented spelling doesn't make any sense, sorry.
happy birthday!
: hope you have an amazing day3
Austin Mahone is AMAZING rt if you think so too :
FF to stay up to date on diverse activities going on in sandiego  interesting topics relating to diversity!
wink or smiley or a follow would be nice :
Nice..glad to hear it!
Keep up the good work!
RT : The self is not something one finds, it is something one creates.
Thomas S.
Szasz
pleasure following you, follow us back
because that's how life is
: we may regret the move very much comes playoff time...
Hungry?
Burgerville's rosemary fries  choc cherry shake can't be missed!
up from OCC on mlk
Old Chicago pizza building finally getting cleaned up like yosemite 
This is the last stand either come with me or see my back walk away..
Chris, you are an inspiration to us all.
Both on and off the field.
We're all behind you!
Stay tough and focused.
Really can't tell you how I feel right now...
I forgot about my nigga!!!
Pssssh that's the squad rite here too bwaaaay
Steven A Smith has a lot on his mind to express on ESPN2 today
I'm hoping there's no satanic ritual involved, but if that's what it takes to get the train moving again...
me too, looking fwd to checking it out
2.
was fatter than the dough boy....doctornking problem....got into physical fights a lot ...
threatened to hit me ...
mentally unstable
Not yet Silkk...
In Doc, we trust
What was your favorite part about this weekend?
Reply for a FREE sample of Closing Time Hangover Supplement ;
The people behind me keep making out so I let out a smelly fucking fart to pay my sweet revenge on them 
on the other hand, a linear prezi is just a tarted up PowerPont.
like if a girl says no, you don't procede to get naked.
fuckingweirdo no wonder u like to grind your dick on anything that moves
Terry's presentation on the wonk campaign was fascinatinghoping to see some of it in person in DC!
That's right.
Thanks for the FF.
I'm a fan of your tweets too!!
In memory of Karen Roberson's mother Jacquelin Ruth Woods When angels whisper amongst the clouds  reach to take your hand, you must go...
same here.
lol I'm just playing sis, you know I love you
Everyday at 11:11 I make the same wish, that I will meet even if ppl continuously tell me it won't happen ;
I just assume all teachers associated with yearbook have had to murder someone at some point.
Mobile X86 chip from Intel.
AbdulBah is scooping up handfuls of earth and giving them to members of the crowd.
Told et nigga I would pass out of his class
I've been watching the DALatUTA game on DVR.
What did Boler and Harpring have to say about West's tech on Hayward?
At St.
Thomas University!
So happy today is my last day for this semester!
no go for me boys
He had a conversion slide earlier; something like 7 of YouTube viewers purchased through their website.
RT: : Ray J's publicist tells CNN that a bodyguard whose name is also Ray found Whitney Houston's body.
Ray J did not.
girls with boyfriends are stupid.
girls with boyfriends that are with me are cool.
I'm so hungry, and so lazy.
What's a man to do?
wait for me...
I gotta get my g string n 6in platforms !!
page for the business side
just applied to three colleges 
I hate being sick 
Well, well it's back to school!
How was your summer break?
Very bullish on Netflix stock.
NFLX market cap is too low.
NFLX on its way to 150.
Stock market has bottomed.
Bullish on AAPL too
I hope that bitch chokes on a chicken bone one day.
Or something.
I don't fkn know.
She doesn't deserve to be a mother.
ThePerfectFan Are the people who are there for .....
Mahomies3
Thirty minutes at the gym..........check that off my list :
Hello Twitter Team Gordon Here saying hello and to remind you i have found a amazing JV /Funding source for Your commercial deals.
email
had a fun time on RadioSuzy1 / Good Times /
I hear China is looking for a new minister for The Golden Shield Project.
I think you would be a great fit.
The pay is good too!
I keep thinking about a meeting where Dennis Hayes urged us to double down on the Kindle.
smart man.
Who's down to come with to Pure Aloha with me?
I like to put Aunt Jemima next to the Uncle Ben in my pantry.
I'm hoping for a love connection
Finishing up gorilla fight, down to tuning and programming...
starting a new EP tomorrow and have to do a lot of writing this week
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 19
excited for brianna...
baby boy asher turned out to be a baby girl!
u have a new ?
Text me
Boost your customer Services and entice your guests with Infinity Menu
I Really Thought You Were The One.
But It Was Over Before It Begun.
So Hard For Me To Walk Away But I Know I Cant Stay!.
Why is everyone fighting about what school is better when we all know you hate your school?
Weird how thoughts and doctorams of things that aren't really happening can physically change and move you.
No pressure though
And on that note...
derby fans everywhere doctorNK
The Chairman of the Board will be in full force tonight to support TheEmbassyLTD.
Best of luck tonight!
Paranormal???
Love it when I hear glass shattering in my house and I go investigate the noise and nothing is amiss.
Sending a special Monday shout out to all of my newest followers!
Thanks for connecting, and I look forward to our conversations to come...
I am so into this Reds game.
It's scaring me a little.
Really awesome!!!
When?
Tonight at midnight tune in to for part 1 of our interview!
and I always have the best lunches
i must say, i do not think i have ever witnessed a poorer performance on offense than what the bears demonstrated last night
I cant decide which is more stupid: Michele Bachmanns husband's ideas on curing homosexuals or Michele Bachmanns ideas on everything?
welcome to twitter!
There are no friends like old friends!
why is that?curious as to why u say that.
Like me, Robert Caro doesn't want to think about Lyndon Johnson at home.
Wth are u buying at the porn shop?
Edible bikinis?
Lol :P
Of course the dmv is closed.
That would be too convenient for it to be open today.
Cain is rapidly approaching Palin status
Wishin I could remeber that girls name and number from last night...damn she was fine
You mean the world to me
ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore your annoying nothing else
Tried telling them,U PICKING THE WRONG TEAM
Ian himself was in our store today schooling us all on how to make perfect pizzas!
Yep, I was active on the Twitter side of it.
I agree that better tailoring of message would be good.
lmfaooo jk u know i would go !
where you at
jake was medatating in the pool..
im taking a break from cod, too much bs in that game i just rage whenever i play
Office Football Pool  How to Play  Free ...
most super bowl wins
so luv you :
Have fun at last nights FINNALE at the Funny Bone?
We did, thanks for coming out.
The best healer is good cheer.
I'm tired watching them!
Half price bottles half price burgers  winwinwin
Congrats, Let us know if we can help you out with sound and lighting.
Well thanks!
It is definitely different than Facebook!
where we're you guys at?
another player looking to play maybe for ky
New Followers!
we're happy to see you :
couldn't agree more :
I'd love for others to be faces too, except everyone who writes or contributes keeps moving away
I am trippn ppl think I'm short....
I 6'4 in high school...smh
Real Cubs fan wouldve run that thing over!!
People crack me up.
Keep telling yourself that, buddy.
Let me know how that works out for you, lol.
www.ModernJunto.com Just updated again!
It's pretty good so far, lol
Got a serato box for sell.
275
Seems the Twitter theme of the day is Health.
Let us pursue the good kind.
Mind, Body, and
test tweet
you realize that other people can read your Twitter messages, right?
Think it might be time to switch up the name...
We spend so much time complaining about the glass half empty that we forget to doctornk the half glass of water we do have.
Winter Weather Advisory:
Congrats!!!!!
That will make for a great 2012!!
ha, just a little bit.
Great info  thanks!
Sometimes, all it takes is one voice.
DANK GATES
that's a lovely picture you got there anthony.
lololol
Perhaps they do, in fact, still use catalog cards?
Perhaps it's a hipster vintage library.
This sounds mean but I hate seeing a poor puppy with a homeless down on their luck individual : two mouths to feed instead of one..
Sad.
Happy Baby Mama Day!!!!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 75
Just spoke with Bob from turning colors!
Sheer luck on finding the nest.
I was showing off the garden to someone who just happened to glance at it in just the right way.
We are out of napkins at my house..
Time to make a trip to McDonalds
Travel Goal 1: Achieved.
Doorstep to doorstep in 9:22!
lmao so true
You know what she said, Mother Dearest?
Well  look like nice boys.
So who's those rappers you know?
It wouldn't hurt to try online a few times.
Who's your team?
But while you wait you should rock out to fastlife hunterhayes  YouGotMe!
Don't even matter I know it will be slappin either way
I dont care if your gay, atheist, Jewish black, white, fat, skinny, fucking vegetarian.
Idgaf.
I just want someone who can relate.
oh, God yes.
I'm literally shaking right now
Only in Brownstown is there a liquor store with no liquor
Clear Edge The Hillsboro fuel cell company stayed mum after an initial close of the Series E  13.5 million
Guilty as charged.
It's my extra meat tooth.
People who don't know how to whisper  shutup !
We've upgraded to version 3.03 of WordPress...
please let us know if you run into any problems!
gotta get girl friend...
too bored alone...
sigh
Yep!
Shellfish and ragweed, discovered well past childhood.
Yeah, but it sure takes a while to spell it all out :
All day today when you purchase an oil change you will receive a FREE tire rotation.
Must mention to our cashier for your Facebook special!
Goddamnnn.
stop with all the big girls shit lol
My teachers are performing a song and they are amazing they are the bestestestest
me and lilia?
;
Getting familiar with my new galaxy tab
You already know
Brainstorming a lot of great ideas for the site.
I have a feeling we won't be letting anyone down.
....my booty is so heavy!
A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.
A thing of beauty is a joy forever: its loveliness increases; it will never pass into nothingness.
John Keats
If you a top notch bitch lemme hear ya holla!
please tell me the first show is 2 hours long I just cant wait
Five differnt lawyers Lord knows I'm Stressed
if I worked at Soundcloud, I'd add a 'play' at the end of the url in the og:url meta tag
Anyway, good morning.
My time in Detroit was short and sweet.
My wife just got me a Islander MT4 ukulele for my early birthday!
Add that to my Kala and Flea, and I'm pretty sure I've gone Uke crazy.
wtf?
what have we ever done to you victorians?
what have we done to deserve this hate?
y r u guys hating on Ariana?
and DAN?
: double dose of Zoloft oughta do it.
14 school days left.!
c:
OH MY GOD IM IN THE RUNNING FOR BEING NOMINATED FOR A GRAMMY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
And, no digging deeper than 18 inches into the sand.
Will the Baywatch team be enforcing this?
:
I can feel myself getting fatter as I doctornk
thank you!!!
OMG!!
This Plyonetric Cardio Circuit program kick my ass this morning!!
What a sweat....OMG!!!
LetsDoThis  get me to 250 followers by the end of the week!
Fingers crossed
:Welcome to teamiphone YEAH!
Laughter is a tranquilizer with no side effects.
People say that age is just a state of mind
if I have Foster, who do I need to pick up, Slaton or Ward?
MahoneToLA that's so exciting ForeverAMahomie ;
Hi Linda!
Hope you are doing well!
RT : I love Wolf Blitzer but why is he shouting?
It's like getting election results from the Town Crier
that awkward moment when you're a huge biotch!
Shout out to ALL our new followers :D thanks so much guys!!
Make sure to follow too!
Love yall
High and Tight.
Lets get Hot!
Tooooowmoootor!
i quess u tryna take my twitter name.
hi i love you
Just bought my 3rd pair of in one week!
2 Zsa Zsas  one other blingy .
Amazon, Endless  Neiman's Last Call.
Great prices!
Your hollandaise never disappoints.
Crab cakes eggs benedict with avocado.
Wife is happy.
Mothers day successful.
Thank you.
And you never took me out to play.
So I let the music go and lead me astray.
Keep wanting everything on the plate.
Orange Mound
bored in physics.
ready to be out of school!
Transformers 3D was awesome.Director Michael Bay did an outstanding job.Two thumbs way up!misterBay more than meets the eye.
Following advice from Fallcleaning today.
Basement  closets done.
Now the office.
Salvation Army and I are both happy.
don't listen to that hater she's just jelly that ur prettier than her
Today is a prime example why I don't like doctors.
RT : Late night text means grab that latex
At the open meeting on the future of Jefferson County Farmers Market.
Great to hear vendors and customers thoughts
The average human produces 25,000 quarts of saliva in a lifetime.
That is enough saliva to fill 2 swimming pools!
Cymbalta can help.
Quote of the Day: Every thought is a seed.
If you plant crab apples, don't count on harvesting golden delicious....Bill Meyer
End of season lines are hilarious.
you're pic
tonight.
Excited for the Menken score.
I dare you to tweet me, so I can scream and have a reason
do u have a biz manager to contact about speaking/endorsements?
That was the first I heard too.
Then I heard my body  I was hooked.
I hadn't gotten to listening to the whole album though.
Fuck no longer works...tried it this morning, actually.
Working through every gin in the world and keeping a log...this is going to be fun!
another early day
Thanks for following me.
I'm looking forward to reading your tweets!
Adam
Hey!
Who's excited about the Chicago Zine Fest being just TWO WEEKS AWAY?
Workshop schedule  floor map release coming in the next few days.
Lmao...
I'm still up
Look at what time it is LOL!
:D
Pretty sure that urine smell isn't me.
this is tragic...
I'm not even going to it.
shrugs I'll just go pick up what ever award I got tomorrow.
Aww...are those tears I see, Coyotes ?!
Better dust off those golf clubs!
Old Master Laotse Was surnamed the LongEared  Ancestor rabbit.
Twitter y u no easy to use!?!?
My pleasure!
It was a terrific piece.
RT thanks for sharing my modern love story!
Don't know anymore
I'm waiting to pick my days off.
I haven't wanted to be back at school more.
This is mind numbing.
Everyone needs to get out to NEXTBEACHWOOD why?
Cause the deals are so good!
keep hating on Tebow, he'll be the guy winning football games
iPad apps without Retina icons look so much worse than iPhone apps without Retina icons simply because they're so large.
Nice speaking with you.
Have a fab weekend.
play So Many Girls please!
Excited for the Oscars tonight.
I'm gonna get all doctorssed up and act like I'm actually there on the red carpet and stuff.
sure thing!!
We'll touch base w/ you sometime this upcoming week :
ahaam :O a carol ta no fb
Lookin at the third base coach, I think he just put on a hit and run
Frustrated being at the mercy of dealerships service depts.
I've been totally hosed by Rickenbaugh Volvo's incompetencyto the tune of 7K.
Interesting observation.
You think so?
Looking for the path to growth and success
In about 15 plus years.
People so is doctoramChasers2 better then the first one?????
heck yeah ur gon be a straight up g watch everyone be up on u haha ;p
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers out there.
If your doing it alone or with help Happy Mothers Day.
So who is going to set up a geekup?
Do I have to do it?!
:
Omw to wrk, these ppl called me in early as shit but I'm not mad..
And Lil Kim.
my calls to white house for confirm/deny have not been returned.
where oh where is the transparency?
I want to come back soon and just come crash with you for a.few days.
Gonna keep a lookout for cheap airfare.
first tweet down, many more to go...
TREMENDOUS advice, Spoon.
I high recommend The New Yorker and Wall Street Journal.
thats just it though......its not just me that would be loosing twitter..
Glad to be in NYCheading out for a day of shopping uptown.
Spent all day yesterday downtown.
I guess you could say!
This is my solo project from my band
Just signing on to twitter and getting acquainted with how it goes.
Yaaaay, they married :D
I see well I gotta get trucking again time to go thru Chicago on my way back to WI
Mike Trout is recalled today.
Being pulled up prior the all star break means that our owner will need to protect him as an S1 next year.
What's nowplaying?
Say it!
Shout it out!
Sing it!
Dare ya ;D
uh 200 minus 175.
im not in school.
im too lazy to figure it out.
What kitchen cooking smell makes you happiest?
Cinnamon rolls in the oven?
Onions frying in butter?
Brownies?
That didn't sound the way it's supposed to.
I'm with you now.
: Did you know there is a Geneva NY?
I do, I grew up about an our away from there in Rochester, NY :
Who is this year's VCU?
Well, it's VCU of course.
Shaka Smart is amazing.
This was expected to be a rebuilding year.
You should check out from too!
Just got an mister.
Still not sure why I had it done in a recording studio.
The tech went in the booth  played a bunch of dubstep for me.
lol u look so funny today jkkkk u lokk super awesome jk u look weird D
Currently looking at a punk version of an ex on the subway.
That's weird.
Kevin Na has doctorver problems.
Are you a girl?
And you have a small ass ?
I have a solution for you.!
Wishing everyone a happy and prosperous new year!
Well Done!
agreed and the healing time would stink.
Worst I ever did was my back piece then a 6 hour plane ride the next day.
.
do you ever engage your followers or do you just push blog content?
Twitter is about dialogue.
ECHELON3000 TONIGHT HOUSE PARTY EDITION WITH LIVE !
Ladies Free All Night !
Go Spurs Go!!
The CIRCUMASTANCES you're in are probably because of the CIRCLE of people you're in.
Be thankful for your REAL friend.
I hope so, keep him on the bench
Thanks, Jen!
And thanks for the heads up about STUCK!
:
: Who's getting the new Canon 5D mark 3?
The same people that I'm going to buy my cheap, used 5D Mark 2s from!
Ha!
I'd be tempted to go into excruciating detail about how little sleep you get, how you never have time for friends.
Wellbehaved women seldom make history.
Laurel Thatcher Ulrich
Massage chair while I wait for my Q !
:
I was the same way.
Hey, tweeps  where should I go for authentic Kansas City BBQ when I'm there for ?
Do you think the Mets should still acquire another SP?
Loved this week's Community spoof of Law and Order.
Spoton and hilarious.
Enjoyed working on Bones April 17.
great job directing!
Thanks for having me!
Not a chance!
NC.
okay me and my friends are watching your videos and you are just so great and gorgeous hahaha x
professorssor evaluation
All weekend campin' with my homy.
forgot to poop yesterday.
Now can't poop until tomorrow.
Want to poop.
Sunday Football!!
If it's on we're playing it on one of our 50 HD TV's!
We laughed too much
Best ski tuner in Seattle, that guy.
And mighty good skier too.
was fairly good, great new space, small men's department
Reading makes me want to start blogging again.
If only I could buy 1 or 2 of your enthusiasm, Ener ; Congrats on the webstats.
lo lo lo love!!!
I haven't heard this song in forever!
she's 4'11 and can party harder than all my friends combined
ThingsThatGetMeUpset when someone grinds my gears
Go karts in the neighborhood
Off to Aol's 25th celebration with Chuck Close !
The Urban Tour Host had a great day at the Mimo Festival on Biscayne Blvd on Sat.
March 20th, 2010
Going to get some bedtime watch ha movie
Getting goin with a shot of Guatemala Huehuetenango Finca Rosma...
Roasted to the first snaps of 2nd crack.
you suck:
The story of CATCHER FREEMAN
leggo I got a couple of freestyles done lol on some play play ish
Mary Marlino announced the official hashtag for the NCAR workshop:
April 21 inshallah : have you set yours?
OK, enough shameless name doctorpping for today lol back to work for me.
Toodles!!
Why can't relationships be perfect?
Awww; ...its ok if you don't have the answers: RT : love was never meant to bind together like a safety pin.
www.joyike.com/blog
so raven is gay now?
You know you're a parent when you're counting to yourself, and you still go ah ah ah after each number.
Bloom's Taxonomy of CItizen History: Data Collection, Transcription, Connections, Synthesis, Reflection
RT  New England Patriots VS Miami Dolphins
I have a fine sense of the ridiculous, but no sense of humor.
did you get in!?
well hello darling : how have you been?!
Shoutout to my friend jose!
sexy circles!
Tonight 6:30 MOL reunion  Federation  no dinner, just snacks  eat before!
:
And I already have!
Lol fighter stance j/k : RT : bieber?
Really?
u could probably beat that chick up
I could see how in certain cases an eyepatch could look cool, like if you were say on a pirate ship and also a ghost
nice!
the new version is feeling pretty good.
a friend of a friend.
We have met before, I just don't know if you remember.
ASDFGHJKL THIS SONG IS INCREDIBLE
Please join us Sunday, December 5th  The Good Luck Bar.
Writers reading: Diane Lefer, Steve De Jarnatt, Robin Ekiss, and Candace Pearson.
I miss this duo
Parking at target is always a hot damn mess
None laying down, waiting impatiently for tomorrow!
church brew works with the Pesce's
Did you know that many churches are now installing ATM machines?
Heaven is now just a swipe and pin number away!!!
u got it!
cant wait to see them :
Last night I felt like it was Thursday night, so was also expecting Friday.
Such a letdown!
NO, slutty girl problems would be both of my hot, gay doctornking dates canceling on me tonight
spam tweet
Don't be ashamed to being faithful, fucking every girl u meet not only gets u more friends, it gets u STD's
what did he do?
or my lovely mother wants to surprise me with tickets LOL WAIT...
I can't even smoke because that would involve me stepping down from my bed and out of my room.
That's just not happening.
This thunder/lightning is getting serious.
He still aint text back .
so cute
If they can run the ball into the end zone .
.
.
DailyHookahTip160: Check out the new washable hoses , less than 10 and they last longer than your standard velvet hoses.
I can buy the tickets!
Rodents of Unusual Size.
I'm sure you're familiar.
RT Flyer fans can sleep easy knowing they won that Stanley Cup in the first round.
Good morning bro Just checking to make sure youre OK.
:
time for some quality time with
well it's nice and vulnerable so take advantage while you can ;
: 1st thing Larry Brown did at SMU is tell captainin your not good enough to play for me.
Ur off the team but still on schol Ouch!!
is that a diss?
what did he say?
Who else is in boston for st patty's?!
Thank you RT IGF consultations asked about human right protection for participants, especially local participants, at
I would love to go shopping with you again!
I need some new summer things.
I have the Sci Fi conference coming up
I tried so bad hard to make it on my own,,,, killing myself is the best thing to do at this point,, no job no money
thanks for the follow
Leadership is often about shaping a new way of life
On National Day of Prayer, which of the thousands of gods are we to pray too?
Just looking for a bone player now....
Obama in Houston OMG
Congrats to !
Their production of 1776 is their highest grossing production since the theatre reopened in '68.
great actress since she was younger but now she is the best!!!
How can we translate good policies  intentions into action on SRHR ?
Q raised  CPD2012 Side event org by Norway, Finland, Kenya,
I'm still trying to remember Saturday night...
I feel like I saw you..
True or false?
RT : filmic comics has rhetorical frustration CCCC2011 I sent this one.
Not my best composition.
Yeah I'll just mute you
Come eat lunch with us today.
Everything is 9 with doctornk and homemade truffle chips!
no thanks god I wasn't!
Her coowners were taking a good care of her account!
and they worked so hard to get her to 200K!
:'
Hoping everyone had a fun filled Holiday weekend!
Reenergize with one our amazing espresso doctornks!
New resolution: never carry an umbrella.
Rain can bring people together
What an amazing yet long funeral.
I don't need church for like um forever now..
I reeaaaaallly want to hear 's I'm Not A Gangsta!!
I love that jam!
hopefully i feel better along the night
I have seen him in many PBS/History Channel/random other nerdy specials.
Does he do novels?
I'm afraid I'm in a novel phase.
wiunion MT Congress can no longer build bipartisan coalitions  Nation's welfare now takes a back seat to corporate Failure!
Those judges are FUCKING stupid ass cunts.
Gardens in Pensacola Country Club area and Marcus Pointe to be featured in ...
Pensacola News Journal
some days, any calories in their bellies are better than none.
Your hurting me like really bad!!!!!:
Bored as monopoly ...wow that was really cheesy anyways anyone that wants to talk im here ..being bored :
well damn.
You switchin jobs like you do 's.
Lol.
Thank you, my dear friends.
Much love and many hugs!
NIKKI.
When you're Love sick, then you can blame me
No problem!
: RT French and German teachers: Follow to see how she tweets with her students!
langchat cool!
Last person to leave.
Fantastic
Lmao!
RT : NO, you dont have haters.
People just dont like you.
Get over yourself.
Thats not true.
I was standing by at 1pm and was able to get to the ticket purchasing page.
SLACKER!
rainbow sparkles;
Hi !
My husband is a total geek when it comes to sports stats Any advice for getting his foot in the door at ESPN?
Thanks :
This Just In: We will be selling Koontown at the Fenton Street Market in Silver Spring, MD, on May 26th.
GORGEOUS day in Long Beach!
Lots of people out enjoying Alamitos Bay.
Come soak up the sunshine on a hydoctorbike!!
I swear my Pandora going in right now, and my son fell asleep on me.
Good.
this is gonna be good!!!
Look at our babies go!
:
noo not at all !
So Green Day is making a trilogy of albums.
They better make me want to rip my heart out and barf this time.
It's been too long.
BTS is lookin good!!!
Should be done with it tnight!
Just got my ticket, too!
It's gonna be awesome!
Hearing lots of ideas about what it'll take to improve public education in San Diego at a Parent Empowerment Summit in Balboa Park.

Wow...
Couple of possible Class A EVP's now from Nick.
Look forward to analyzing further.
Still have my audio and video to review!
: Enjoy Nola, Sally!
I can't get enough of Sophia Grace and Rosie.
If the whole world had their happy attitudes, we'd be alright.
In my school, theyre pretty valuable but they should cost less.
I hope so.
Sometimes I get very lonely and depressed when I dont have sex for a long time.
RT : I don't buy many books but wd want 2 w/Kindle.
...
If local library were better, I wouldn't even consider it.
If you have had a spouse for more then a year, then you are in a same sex marriage
Relaxation doctornks?!
How about a caffeinated snack!
For those on the go!
I need Everyones Help.
Go to Stumbleupon.com and and rate me ..
its helps with SEO work
melly!
How are you?
It's technically not too late to doctorve up here!
why not, I think you're worth all that and more.
And we will...it'll be unforgettable, I can tell already :
Grrrrrr I think I broke my phone....
Love me when I least deserve it cause thats when I really need it
After receiving 0 of vote at MN8 DFL convention, is up w/radio ad.
When will go negative on Tarryl?
tima tour passed you guys.
thats sad.
We passed you on the long line.
How good did you get tipped
I am watching old icarly episodes.
FREDDIE is way more sexier now
Creating new Facebook business pages for Florida DUI lawyers.
Make sure your firm has a good Facebook campaign.
Got a question about your relationship?
Email .
Your letter may be read onair!
DearJohn airs Sunday at 9AM!
Whenever I'm stressed or angry, I clean.
overcoming 214 b...
RIP Soulja Boy .....
He died from listening to his own music.
Best hoax death ever.
I am the lifeforce power of the 50 trillion beautiful molecular geniuses that make up my form, at one with all that is.
Jill Bolte Taylor
Are yall seein this shit that will smith is gay
Rainy day, shady  gray, time to stay in  read  play.
...
Instead, have slogged through to work.
DearOomf you are hot.
end of story
If anyone post's pics of Radiohead's concert tonight, I'm punching them in the face..with kisses.
i missed my number zeero today!
where you been!
: I better kill this test today after all of the studying i did !!!!Good luck today!
call me if you need a ride, well call you a cab missyou CallMeMaybe?
Up in Keene for the day!
after new album comes out, we'd love to hit SoCal.
sit tite..and hope to have a cold one with ya soon!
Eddie just hit himself with my locker in the face ...
good job !.
you are welcome.
I need you to come back to the DMV.
I'm turning 40 in Sept and I need a Fab doctorss.
Thanks Sean!
To update you, our Founder, daughter in that pic just took her first step the other day!
I am not with anybody due to the fact that i have foreseen that of perfection which is for me and i never wanna settle for less.
where too?
I kept waiting for 2chainz to check in during the halftime show.
Week 5 Phillyhunt Question: The back page of today's Inquirer features a full color advertisement for which car dealership?
Answer now!
...well later on that nite late late I'm going out lol
hate is a powerful word.
BE SMART PLAY HARD WE LOVE ALL OF YOU GOD BLESS
Somebody text me the score!!!
if Man U loses im blaming you..
What, no Tall Grande Venti?
RT Bought 3 shares of Facebook at 38.
Just sold for 40.
Took the professort and bought a doughnut.
Where at?
Random S/o to she's Descarada but I love her I'm so glad to have met you I love you best friend :
won't let me get skinny jeans.
The world needs to see what junk I have in my trunk.
Do you know if there is a shuttle from there to tomorrow?
Or is it hoofable?
RIP Donna Summer, Queen of Disco.
I love you.
ahahaha shes in Miami Beach so we might be able to find her somewhere lol i gtg to sleep night ;
Kevin James flick check it out on our web page under movie section  Baldinger
Hearing that this bitch Siri has some serious snark.
Bring it on, creepy AI.
BRING.
IT.
ON.
Have Fun:
Unblushing iteration, Angel
What to do what to do.
Why is Apple Jacks trending?
Fruity Pebbles need to trend.
Want to win a Tauntaun sleeping bag?
a Kodak Playsport Zx3?
an iCADE?
Any number of O'Reilly books?
You can, at BarCamp Rochester tomorrow!
SMOKIN THAT LA LA LALALA LA LA LA LA LA :
What to do?
Avengers?
Avengers 3D?
Avengers Real3D?
Avengers 3D IMAX?
Whatta random day.
Me likes!
Watch for the 50 Wealthiest Angelenos section in the upcoming 5/16/11 edition of the LA Business Journal.
It's our best read edition!
oh no!
RT : The is tomorrow.
Are you ready?
A body/ level modifier does not yet exist.
Supporting route is on the todo list, but you might want to start an issue at GitHub.
R.I.P.
Dan Wheldon
Titter, twittah, twitter, twitur, twit, I'm bored
from Shoot Us Down, to your own concert.
You have no idea how proud you're Mahomies are of you.3
Thanks and for letting me hang out!
That's good to hear!
Haha every time I look at your icon I can't help but smile.
P
pdx ' budget includes approx 7.5M in onetime expenses to avoid teacher layoffs.
but now it's a bigger joke!
BJ's?
Yea I could go for one!
Lol
naeh12 David Wertheimer talking about creative advocrats, theory of change  using the convening power of
Nope, you're shy.
Who's your pick?
Three left!
Have a nice weekend!
yes ma'am : if it ever changes my girl loves the Walters :
Oh okay then I'll just invite instead lol
Yay, I hope missions on the south seas won't stop him for donating!!!!
I was elected by 700 votes but govern like I had landslide.
I have 8 years and will make most of it.
Mayor Reed Atlanta.
Congrats to the technical team of HUGO, that film is as emotionally rich as it is technically spectacular.
Summer is just around the corner.
Lovely in Las Vegas today!
See you soon!
Another Naughty Dog game not named Jak and Daxter?
Cmon man.
QUESTION OF THE DAY: What are some of the products your Grandparents used to clean their home?
Orr: The CLT airport does not cost the taxpayers one penny and has a 2billion economic impact
hmph, my stupid brother won't let me watch the tca..
oh wells, live stream here i come!
It's that constant struggle we as humans have with our inner fundamental darkness.
We need to bring our the best thats in us.
You think you're funny, huh?
Now, I'm going to MAKE you watch every episode.
Just wait...
I love you Wedsdays and Thursdays
Let me start telling you about the weird doctoram I had just so you can interrupt me and tell me about the stupid one you had.
I absolutely love looking through microscopes.
Fantastic!
Great evening.
is Beloved's talented director.
A cold start with temps in the teens to near 20, but a sunny day on the way with highs near 30 in SEWI
Pop vs Not is tomorrow at the Chance in Poughkeepsie!
Still time to get tickets 12
The editing is getting better on thePitch but lose the doctormatic sound design.
This ain't a ghost hunting show
ayee!
I know you're kinda crazy about the song Be Like You  I was wondering if you'd wanna see my cover for it?
:D
good game dee!
Great to see you back in the bigs and back on twitter man!
Same to you!
Have a great weekend.
Yep.
Mulcair appearently meant the British criminal description, and Conrad Black took it, pejoratively.
Love the fact that it's raining in LA makes the news hahaha idiots
dance which I CANT WAIT FOR ARE FINAL
Unexpected fun to hear Scott  Todd w Kelly Ripa discussing downtonpbs today.
Why does CBS always have to show reruns???
Pisses me off.
They were at loehmann's plaza but u just missed them!
They were out there until 8:30.
Thanks for the follow!
How did your team do at Lounge Bowl?
Don't.
Care.
About.
The.
NFL.
doctorft.
We're in the HEAT of the Monday Morning doctorve..
Tie Ups on HWY 26 EB, I5 SB  Powell Blvd up to Ross Island Bridge.
same campus, no longer a librarian tho.
took an IT manager job.
If you're interested in higher professort, lower risk, new markets, and more loyal customers, then IBM's Smarter Commerce is for you.
they're live now.
Mine is on Cspan3...excited to watch!
It's how I make up for not doctornking or doing doctorgs.
To each her own selfdestruction.
Hi I'm hungover
Follow all of our wonderful DHC tweeters
Time slows down at 4
Mary Cook will be doing a short segment on WGN Chicago in a few minutes  tune in!
.
thanks for the shout out!
we appreciate it.
if you want us to add a funny hashtag, just let us know.
I think baths are nasty.
You just sittin there in your own dirt,lml.
Bakery Cafe in Aransas Pass Texas is a must visit if you,re in the area!
Watch your bf get all mad.
RT : blushes make my day why dont you  RT : girl of my doctorams.
aw thank you!
That's so sweet!
3
girl you da best :
RT : This just in: presenting a seminar on  March 3.
Oh yay!
We gotta do something b4 you leave again.
Last night was funny I was in my don't mess with me mood.
Funny story 4 u!
my reputation with the ladies Always keeps me I'n trouble Gotta take care of my babies max b Junius ft max b  wavy 4 life
you know i'd be more excited about austins concert if i was actually going.
This is some fkd up shit
Kelly Kelly :
probably.
But I think Wall and Cousins can both be superstars.
Especially Cousins, dude's a monster.
Way better than Davis will be
yay!
You have been missed!
And may the lord give guidance to the lost souls.
Np Hold It Down, J Cole.
or a sweet little kiss like in the photo!
SUCK IT YANKEES!
HA HA FUCKERS!
Monday so soon?!
The weekend went by way to fast :
Would love to go to Food  Wine Classic in aspen if we can get enough excitement for !
Fingers crossed
If someone is not responding to you, stop worrying about them.
The people who want to be in your life make the time.
But here's my number, so call me maybe?
happy birthday!
Hope the rehab is going well!
Who Dat!
With that endorsement how can we not!
I am addicted to Barrie Burgers though.
Keep track and I'm at 34 :
2d.
I think Imax would be awesome
Hi all!
Did you have a good weekend?
Love watching late night , great shows about moving to Paris and Dubai.
For Jeff and Jordan: Jeff, when are you and Jordan going to get married?
;
DeCastro will go here
: ooh, fisticuffs!!That's mo like it!
the cheese shop  the beer aisles are my favorite places in any
If you want a follow back, just ask; im a cool iphone!
But dont tell Austin...
shhh
DJ ENVY ONE  PARTY ROCK MIX, free download on soundcloud
can you share some more info on this?
I'd like to sign up.
Thanks.
I need at least some motivation to do anything today.
WTF they could've tackled him !
.
Goodnight twitter
Welp, off to St.
Louis we go!
I'm up in the first session, so by 3:30pm 2mister, I'll be feeling much calmer  all will be fun
no go next weekend.
what about tuesday night after memorial weekend ?
i think jades off
Back in Half Price Land!!
Looking forward to an action packed and fun filled footy year!!!
say what?
Dinner with at Lobster Shack on Cocoa Beach ...
best quote from her I'm from Iowa.
Bacon's kinda our thing.
Lol!
LOL.
Won't make a diff b/c Occifer Friendly already made up his mind!
Refreshingly easy call to this afternoon.
Love the real customer service!
thanks so much!!
hope to see you when we're out on the road in september!
Thanks for the shout out!
Always looking to hear some new DnB
I can't understand why anyone in the media would claim this.
It's like no one out there has every heard of the word ally.
Beware the ides of March :
Yep..
May 19th!
RT : you guys are playing Cool River soon, right?
Beautiful day to start BikeToWorkWeek week, think I will.
.
Shoot.
I even packed you a sack lunch.
got it
Well, that was one busy week!
We got a lot done though.
All I see now is Ashton Kutcher on Twitter.
He really is the new Charlie Sheen!
lol
Fire, Football, RedBox!
Go ahead and talk behind my back, that just means I'm ahead of you, and while you're back there, kiss my ass.
Done with depressions time to raise my expectations !
How wasn't that goal tending
Just when I thought some things were untouchable.
I'm appalled that someone decided to make a horror film based on Chernobyl.
If gov is a referee between businesses, as O contends, then gov enacts fairness rules, so as to maintain a productive economy.
Halfsecret freak
No good mornings mentions make me feel to say a bad word or cuss for the year
MUSICNEWS When I first listened to 'I Got Time' by Domino Go, I knew their music was something to get excited about.
With an abundance o
proud owner of crossroads.
You will rise by lifting others.
Robert Green Ingersoll
Last Day Of school Tomorrow, And We going to the Beach.
CantWait 
You have no idea how and I can hustle, even with a one day delay in Detroit.
SOBCon energy.
But I'm into travel PR and consumer marketing.
We should keep in touch!
When are you graduating?
I get a bitch and give Dick thatll tear her stomach up...!!
I will forsure!
Memphis got a BIG break right there wow
Can't stop reading about this bizarre, unbelievable story that is sweeping twitter, no not Sarah Phillips, Jeff Suppan is back
Never look back, reminising on yesterday.
Smile for the future, tomorrow is a new day : x
It's cause he's from there.
Was never like that in GB!
RT : What a homer that guy is RT : Bedard on Pats...
thank you so much for all of your help spreading the word of SBN.
I will follow anyone who will give me the same respect!
Major props!
yes she does.
Your her bestfriend.
And she can tell you anything.
He says he loves you now but when you say your pregnant.
Bitch fuck you i never loved you, you was just a hit and run.
How is your day going ?
Um Dick Clark passed away??
:/
Nice!
We will figure it out!
It's what we do!
absolutely adore you
Wow.
Hard to imagine someone wouldn't think that qualified for disability leave.
Ersan going off like a young Pat Cummings, getting it done.
excitement will happen!
RT HTFreebourn Stupid ass teachers think they know more about using the internet than we do!
Bullshit!
I lie to feel better about letting you down ....
Or to save myself the awkward moment where you realize I'm not your friend
congrats on winning the hack award.
U definitely deserved it.Our soundbump hack was no match : :
edcampCincy If you aren't giving meaningful feedback on the paper, what's the point of assigning it?
Are you participating in your life?
Don't be stingy.
If you have something to contribute...then share!
Chevrolet mi scusi, my English is not so good.
Being named the new 3 in alQaida must feel a bit like being named the new doctormmer of Spinal Tap.
Thanks, Stan!
Trying to!
: Gemini are lazy when it comes to work, homework, and homework yet sometimes are so helpful.
omg how'd you know?
Causing trouble for and on Facebook.
As the Mayans prophesied.
If a kid refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
10 miles today making 20 this week...sharing my baked fish recipe tomorrow on the blog...catching up on now love
I dunno how that's about to work.
But imma make it happen.
Is everyone having a cheesy Friday so far?
understood.
I'm having my students create a digital edition.
Process might work better.
I miss my babe : I just doctorpped him off /3
haha I'm a huge Rush geek and I won't apologize for it.
Realizing now that I should thank myself for my foresightful decision to build a heavyduty PC
I'm really interested in visiting an archaeological sight for my you pick it, have any ideas where I might find one?
Getting my grill adjusted at the dentist.
.
At Facebook the best engineers work on the software tools  backend infrastructure that other engineers build off
An applicant willing to hand over social media passwords to an employer to land a job is likely to hand over comapny secrets for a payoff.
musiclib2012 Welcome to Big D from the LAC!
I heart MLA!
Love MD!
RT : Disappointed to hear about NC but confident that marriage equality will prevail in Maryland.
Google39;s Blogger Lets You Upload Webcam Images
Nice!
So if I was back in the UK I'd have tuned in and heard my famous artist pal talking about his latest project!
Very cool talking to you this weekend!
Interested in hearing more about the
keep up the good work.
Hard work pays.
I see you
Last exam of the semester!
My mom babys the shit out of my brother and she expects me to do the same.
Ooh...Fresca in a Collins.
M.
Think I'm going to do gin, sprite, and berries as my final and easiest option.
Sorry we couldn't connect with you yesterday on the phone, we'd really like to do a call soon to discuss the Dog Fooding.
Getting PAID today :
Any thoughts on the redditt community discussion boards?
I tried in each pre sale , woke up early twice for this and I got nothing.
ugh
i FINALLY had Chili's baby back ribs!!
...meh...
some people miss the boat on humorRT Madonna sucks her thumb and hasn't missed any boat in life.
You should reconsider your logic
coming in with his remix of Judas
I'd have a million favorites
Nothing's funny when it you..
Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well.
Josh Billings
NJD and Flyers off to a very physical start.
Obvious one team is playing for their playoffs lives.
thanks richard
Its unwatchable compared to 'The Fourth Direction' starring Shia Labouef  Morgan Freeman
congrats on all the great reviews for The Angry Buddhist!!
MaYbE cAusE theY wEre OpeN aNd thE ShOT CloCK wAS gOiNg doWN
Austin: Say somethin' if you're feeling the vibe.
Say somethin' baby don't be so shy.
Me: SOMETHIN'.
fair enough...
I hate Time Warner Cable :/
GOODMORNING MY DUDE!!!
Always gotta count on lebron choking on key free throws
The required exclamation when doctorving thru Illinois: tolls suck!
We fight because we care
Ok I'm ready to see The Avengers again.
RT : Presenting Twitter  PLN to school librarians today.
How does Twitter help you?
Why is PLN important?
Please RT!...
Power of that P.
can you guys also bring chicken stars please
Damn Vanderbilt actually won at something
I would rather takes shots of battery acid than watch 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians'
I'll admit, I don't know what rock ahem IE6 I've been living under.
But I am LOVING Google Chrome with all the cool integration and apps!
EMA at Mercury Lounge just went on sale!
Sitting down at my desk and finding many other things to do besides the taxes I said I'd get done this afternoon.
I new u were some type of hispanic.
Lol :
May 31 is our next HappyHour!
We'll be at , so if you're one of those planner types, it's time to mark it on your calendar!
that guy was awesome!
Sure.
I have never seen that strict of a comment spam filter on a public site.
RT : What's your favorite Burt Bacharach song?
When life shits bricks you're gonna need more than toilet paper.
Stay as long as you want.
Mi casa es su casa.
Call any time for addoctorss and directions: 619 249 4344
Watchin' 's How To Make It In America in the EmmyFYC package.
Good eps!
hahaha!
You need like therapy or something!
Worth every minute of the two hour wait : I'm at Frontera Grill  Topolobampo
President should be out too.
I realize everyone there is excited about your new home page design.
However, your most valuable content is in your blog posts.
Does anyone else have a strange addiction to reading groupon discussions?
Just me?
occasionally....from time to time
Also, big upswing in crohn's disease in kids: another autoimmune related disorder.
I will bet you 20 bucks you'll never see a classroom again.
You will work in ed, but not as a teacher.
can this get any weirder?
:O
Hi!
Sorry my co worker needs someone local to come in to our office.
I'll reach out if something changes
taking full advantage of VDay.
Reaching her target and offering love expertise on The View and Nate Berkus today
Nobody knows what am feeling inside, I fined it so stupid so why should I hide, that i want to make love to you baby!
She be fukin wit Ordinary niggaz
Absolutely!
Congrats on the new project....
see you in Memphis in August.
;
If u ain't noticed nigga I don't give a fuk!!
Fitness photoshoot this weekend.
Check back Sunday for updates.
Looking over the categories I'll be judging for the Webby Awards.
Always fun to recognize how much the web improves each year.
cant wait until this saturday SOLO FEST WOOP WOOP !!!
last year got a 28 out of 28 for instrumental and a 26 out of 28 for vocal woop woop!
the only free that can be attained is in the mind.
That's it.
That's all.
i get my braces off tomorrow .
Scary monster!
:
lmao : The bitch Mel caught stealing prolly the same 1 that left my house with MY doctorws on.
Lmao
..pumping that pieces of a man  by AZ....classic shit
I'll knock some hoes out at work, already told 3broads off
ugh I'm crossing my fingers for good weather it just CAN'T rain
I love the new doctor Pepper 10  it's cute lil purplegrey can!
dat boy is mine
kid cudi ; let's have babies 3
I'm not aware of any platform that does not track some activity.
The one I am most familiar w/ is SharePoint/NewsGator
omg i swea andoctorod is like EXTRA slow..!!
: I'm getting older, heart getting colder..
.ISwear
After some routine maintenance, we are now OPEN !
It's Prime Rib Monday at Memphis Minnie's.
See you soon...
Watchin UtahStateFootball kick some bobcat ass!!
thanks for the bollow...
what was the inspiration behind your professorle photo?
So excited to be in San Fran to rep Medical Heritage Library at
RT : Rams Steven Jackson leads all active RBs in rushing attempts  by 348.
Isaiah Pead's time coming sooner rather than later.
Wisconsin scholars Won
Don't Fuck With Family.
haha me too..
almost did just now but caught myself
RT : Great nonprofessort program founded by Top Fuel doctorgster to teach our teens safe doctorvingPlz...
Keyword: Backup.
RT : Buddy Nix on VY: 'We think adding Vince will create more competition for backup quarterback position.
i miss you turds
Can't wait!
Plan to read it w/ my 15 year old.
Thanks so much for the RT Alex and thanks for reading the post!
Loading the bus to head to the arena.
Looking forward to the boys regrouping and taking one from the Huskies.
We'll take a split
Great Lil Kickers classes this morning.
The kids are pumped up for spring.
More classes Saturday morning.
When you text someone you've been friends with almost all year and you get who is this as a reply
your bad :/
If anyone is interested I will be signing books at Barnes and Nobles from 3pm until removed by security.
One of Banzai's goals is to bring our lowcalorie, healthy sushi to schools around the country in an effort to fight childhood obesity!
Induction ceremony
if you dont like juicy j then keep it to yourself !
I hate weak ass niggas
It looks like we will be offering FREEBLOODGLUCOSEMACHINES and testing strips at 15/box of 50!
no I told u when I'm coming home lol...and technically that's early
Bro.
I Need A Boyfriend.
I Hate Being Single.
Agree!
He wasnt that funny!
: Kimmel is talking too fast; started off great but kind of eh after that
you too!
thx for all the great social networking tips!
i have some work to do :
My vision is so blurry right now 
Today I just want to tell everyone to SUCK IT!
hey...not to be rude, but who are you?
They SHOULD call ME butter CUZ I'm so SMOOTH!
Soon I going to kesha game
i use it for brainstorming or i make cards out of it or mix cd covers
Learned a lot about being a domainer at the dallasseo talk last night.
WAHOOOOOO!!!
:D Super happy for you!
:P High tops rule :P
apartment hunting tomorrow .
At the County hearing on their General Plan Update.
Only took what seems like 20 years.
Should have taken another 20 to get it right!
RT : Act like I don't have to be awake in 4 hours
now it's reality
Ah, the smart person fantasy...
RT BRILLIANT sketch on SNL called Comments Section.
I think this ALL the time.
Glad you think so, thanks for sharing!
: ifiMadeit I would shoot movies all day I know would
let's just say I win and then we won't have to fight!
: haha!
Hey!
My maiden name is Palin.
Just kidding....
I've never been married.
Yeah I know.
he died when Austin was 16 months old :, but i dont know how he died
OPEN THIS PIT UP!
So, you're not mad at what I said?
Don't be mad that i'm backstage at every show.
hahah yeah omg but believe me I kno.
He's 100 single :
Tired of your opinions.
I cannot imagine a God who rewards and punishes the objects of his creation and is but a reflection of human frailty
Something about the holiday season always reminds me of how Mariah Carey was relevant 20 years ago
I've got a fever!
We're glad you found us too!
RT Coop's BBQ...
I'm so glad I found you.
wow how nice:..
Marlon Brando's motorcycle from The Wild One is worth an estimated 500,000 or 659,682.28; however, no one knows where it is.
: It's all shits and giggles, until someone giggles and shits.
love that couch!
I hope me  Abriana can take art together next year :D
RIP Nolan Richardson I my condolences go out to Coach Nolan Richardson and his family
Good morning world.
I see you and I'm ready to greet you with love, warmth and kindness.
I hope you do the same.
:
Hell : its me TeamNicolette from instagram :D
Wonder if can get 300 followers by tonight!
He follows back an if he hits I'll follow all of his followers!!
I love when retweets all of his fans
and you're my first follower!
False alarm again
Im so restless.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninetynine percent perspiration.
Thomas Edison
yup , I thought they where movin but I guess not
What the mind of man can conceive and believe, the mind of man can achieve.
By : Napoleon Hill
you lookin real good
Me too girl :
Well said!
sealed in a succulent Swiss quintuple smooth treble cream milk chocolate envelope and lovingly frosted with glucose.
Basketball game tonight
idk if its too late, but watch Going The Distance if you haven't seen it yet
Surprised to see a dusting of snow this morning?
Well, more flurries are in the forecast.Tune into starting at 6am for the deets
See you on Thurs!
no sorry/:
Peyton has been on both of my favorite teams.
Colts and Broncos.
We're related somehow
A big manly salute to you and
PACKERNATION  get out your phones NOW!
You only have to press send 5 times to give back to  8008683403
She gave me my first job in journalism at the Borrego Sun, and Borrego will miss Ms Judy Winter Meier.
Too tragic.
looks like you're focusing right now very well, you're right
about to go to bed...i need to b well rested 4 the photo shoot 2moro....goodnight Tweeties, talk 2 u 2moro
I wanted that to happen..That is why I came back and said does anybody want to come with me???
You guys didn't come
Two guys on the bus got into a fight about talking too loudly on a cell phone.
By yelling at each other.
lol different sort of calm..Hope rest of day goes great for u!
ReOpening of Questions?
....
I need parts.
Fa sho!
Hit my FB wall and I got u on the re share.
's Twitter excitement lasted all of 24 hours
which is the best food city in Italy???
Thanks...
I miss her.
She has been gone since yesterday!
This game is on another level
Yes, I'm quite sure I'd be happier if I were doctornking.
Therefore, it's happy hour!
The only thing I don't like about Vegas is the UNLV fans.
Boo Rebels!
Birds are very intelligent can become easily bored.
Offer toys, change the number, variety and location in cage with ample space.
Just started the first rehabilitation class at Oro Valley Parks, Rec  Library, also 1st in Southwest
Bummer!
We will miss you.
She definitely has a lot of hair:
HB 1272 passes Senate Business, Labor and Technology Committee.
Good work,
on , swoon!
I'm such a fan.
Boosie made same lyrics like every rapper out but they want to pick him out because he didn't want to kiss they azz for Fame :/
I should go to sleep at 8 more often , it feels good 
BLAST FROM THE PAST..I want a new doctorg, one that won't make me sick.
One that won't make me wreck my car, or make me feel three feet thick!
best sign in the house!
There are a few slow episodes, but some of them are absolutely hilarious.
I definitely think it's worth it.
A problem girls seem to have trouble with.
They fall for boys who gives them sweet words and false hope.
Things to do; Pack for next week, clean room,finish dome accounting.
Things I'm doing: Shopping for makeup, laying in bed.
Anyway, she's fodder.
I only think that of two people that I have ever met.
Both are really sick in the head.
Threeday weekend!
Lots of footballwatching in the man cave.
I just changed my username.
My mind is in SHAMBLES and my day is off just a little when I forget to make my bed.
Ugh.
LOOOVEE THIS!
can't wait to love u tomorrow
Stock image hogs, load up on iStockPhoto credits.
Use code LEAP20 for a 20 discount today only!!!!
I don't care if it was politically unwisethank goodness for people like Joe Biden, speaking up for gay marriage.
Now where's the prez?
aww that's no fun :
Will you be my rebound ass?
you're disappointing me.
trying out the OneNote app for IPad.
Bout to go put the PS3 on the 60 inch..since I barely play that shit.
This winner can spell RT : Today, they bought a frier.
With 40 minutes before polls close here in Wisco, I offer election night thanks to , and for their wizardoctor
it is!
Gorgeous!
Happy New Year everybody!!!!!!
my home button keeps sticking omygod
S/O Big Dawg Nick2oon to the CitiTeam Family
I swear I could eat Chinese food all day.
Waiting for deliveries, listening to The Hold Steady practice for Wed's show.
They're doing an awesome cover of Power of Love right now.
We live in a world where losing your phone is more doctormatic than losing your virginity.
yeah.
way back when
I'll tell you what.
Having the 3rd natural result for airline reservation system doesn't suck.
This time she tweeted leap into currency
i have skype
i ask my mom what she wants for mother's day.
she says a michael kors purse  bvlgari sunglesses.
IM the expensive one?
YEAH OK MOM.
Help!
We need a quick doctorw caracaturist for an event in June.
Can you help or know anyone that can?
Contact us on 01636 610 556.
Please RT
we are here lol
hey, just wanted to say have a safe flight man, hope to see you when you get in Texas.
:
You're one of our biggest fans!
Thank YOU!
pre game studio kush naps , night night
RT : and are off to today!
Who else will be there?
The Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo is the best multiple rape Christmas movie of the year.
I'm not reading wha u talking about
IS GOING TO ROCK IT THIS YEAR ;
Sweet!
Have fun in my hometown fellas!
You only live once, but if you live right, once is enough.
I'm in Norway!
Who would have thought I'd ever say that?!?
WILD!!
:
What a gorgeous day in Detroit.
Got the best lookin yard on the street.
Go Tigers!
What movies coming out this summer are you excited to see?
I want to see Rock of Ages, Hope Springs  The Intouchables!
Day 2 in Denver show astd2012 with our partner , amazing show!
I swear I don't like sum school teachers sum of them b acting so phony  they have favoritism  act like they don't like anyother student.
Happy fb day to my fb friends!!
May it be ever lucrative for u!!!
5 Ways to Get Out of the PayPerClick Weeds
Voting my little butt for and Fanny Pak 33
When I say morons you know what I mean.
White people aren't riding around on mountain bikes shooting.
i think taylor swift is talented but i dont really like her that much
ThoughtsWhileRunning ...I don't run that much....
YW!
And me too!
RT : Thanks for coming to our class!
Looking forward to the presentations on Tuesday!
Please Follow the page of my documentary Get Together Girls :
The healthiest response to life is joy.
Deepak Chopra
I love working with white people.
They have more sensibility, they show up on time, they don't fight, they're nicer...
This snow is lame
Tell her youre going to do it yourself if she doesnt thats what I did
Newsick short documentary coming soon!
whosgonnalose  Miami at Tennessee  Miami will lose
i just had the best chilli cheese fries..that i made..yummy
Thanks for the photo retweet Damian!
: yea the chair was huge!
RT I can't do it never yet accomplished anything; I will try has performed wonders.
George P.
Burnham
Thriving means reveling in our imperfections, makes us more relatable and endearing
: Team Twist REALLY runs Twitter!!!
;
Needs this to be a good day.
Not great so far.
maybe ur mom mildly retarded like u hahahahahahahahhaa
tweet me maybe
I'm good and cool
Happy Hump Day Thanks for the follow.
Tired Af and on top of That I'm not feeling good.
Vendor emails for ALA10 definitely kicked into high gear today.
Thx Yahoo for unlimited storage.
Work email would fill up too quickly.
Chattin with Allen Walters bout Avid's awesome Golf Passport.
Check it out
My dog doesn't smell your dog.
She's just an illmannered jackhole.
who put her on TV right away?
seems like sad ratings grab...
Okay, I have finally decided to get out of bed.
But I'll wait for another 10 minutes
oh pretty!
How did I get 80 followers, I haven't done much
We got that!
We will feature ur tracks on Thursday from 8 to 10pm
Just got a gift card.
This is not going to last long...
I like this!!
: RT : Never face reality unless your reality is just the way you want it to be.
AbrahamHicks
Are you still on for the thatConference hackathon?
I can't stop shaking and I dont know why.
okay im looking up if hes the singer from dir en grey
Castrated men live an average of 13 years longer than noncastrated men.
huh???
What album of me?
There's one?
Hhhmmm....interesting.
I would have to check it out then.
Thanx for the heads up, babe!
he tries way to hard to debate the other side of the story.
Sometimes you just gotta agree with people
Im 31 weeks!
And congrats on the baby girl!
So exciting.
He is really tryna preach as if it is chruch no offensive but im gettn bored .
They should sing again
He loves to make me miserable ..
:l
You know it!
RT : I guess repping will get the a win
Missn my dad but can't wait to see my momma tomorrow for mom's day!
Even better she's stayn the night with us!
haha, well it goes like this: pornstar gets RT'd into my timeline who mentioned the fleshlight account, I click, BAM.
I will be at school in an hour.
But the guys wish you'd let them wear jeans....
Please?
you should have came to church with me yung lady
youmightbealiberal if you think critically.
In case you haven't heard, Peter Bondoctor's son, David, has officially committed to Michigan State to play hockey.
Congrats, Bonzai, Jr.
Hi there.
Just checked out your portfolio.
Very impressive!
Salsa  Bachata, and no :p It's Rosh Shana
I can't wait for my IDs to get here.
David Rose at ideaseconomy : the US bankruptcy laws...enables entr'ship  not the case in the UK  failure  bad
The LADIES LOUNGE is rockin' today with !
It's gonna be a great Monday!
But can't wait to see my girl tomorrow.
Back in the factory today, is going to be a great day I can feel it in my bones.
Yum!
Thank you for the mention...and the craving!
RT FREE admission to several around Oregon  Washington on Friday
cause they ass some fake ass fans they only wit the knicks cause they playing Miami.
Miami whooping that ass got mfer quiet
Chances are slim, it's full to the max :
A pack a day takes my breathe away
I love you!
Great job on the last song!
He's all I need too!
God Bless You Colton!
I can't wait to see you on tour someday!
xo3
The worst thing for a pretty lookin girl is to have been with a Cause then she starts thinkin she's the sh
it's really not hating he is not a real warrior
Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records.
William Arthur Ward
you'll have to send us a pic of your ButterCow goodies!
what's that supposed to mean .
lol
Watching war of worlds such a good movie!!!!
Detective Benson I love you.
im not sure what i just did  but i think i broke my twitter.
i'll talk to you if you want :p sorry i'm creepin.
just wait till when April wont feel like April when we miss Marley Fest and Lone Star Jam....Road Trip?
I did not want to wake up this morning to work.
On some straight artist shit.
Scroll down for an update on this story, including ABC's denial that the tapes are as explosive as claimed by the Daily Mail.
sschat any good strategies for introducing students to pbl?
Specifically, teaching them to work well in groups?
Thx!
I have 16 cabins for the June 5th Sailing of Allure of the Seas plus a couple of perks!
7 days western caribbean!
It is your birthdayDwight K.
Shrute
Wow in and out in under 30!
Kudos you, WI DMV
Studying at Coupa.
What else is new?
At ChristianMusic.com you'll find all the great Christian Music Genres you can also follow our blog at Christianmusicco.blogspot.com
when madison comes to my house and makes me want to slit my wrists cause she's so ugly.
When you cease to doctoram you cease to live
The Vice President...Joe Biden...
is in Charge of our Space Program?
WTF?
We are so screwed!
did they really break up??
everything is good so far a very mild winter here so nice to ease into.
How are you?
We're gearing up for our meeting today  hm howmany guests  tips?
Details after meeting!
Swallow the pain.
luv that room so f'n much teammeatballs cant wait for the show!!!!!
that's cool!
You better vote for me aha :p
Starting my Sunday working on a webinar presentation: Marketing to Boomers ...
Any cool links or resources are welcome :
RT : Eddie Vedder had an injury and rescheduled his Bob Carr PAC shows for Nov.
27 and 28.
Thanks for the shout...
Try our free trial of leads.
What have you got to lose?
is that Bobby Valentine wearing the 46 spoked B in Toronto tonight
04/26/2012  12:10:24 AM EDT  Bank of Japan adds 5 trillion yen to asset purchases, keeps rates on hold; stocks soar.
Dude u been one forever lol
Wellingtonswag please call and tell him I love him 469 233 0513
maybe it'll take 40 ignored calls?
Some people are a little slow you know.
Your funny you dont need one of these..
I'll tell you what constitues an argument: when you add in those that have stopped looking for work the unemployment rate is 11.
Osama bin Laden is DEAD, GM is alive!
Two things Pres.
Obama took a gamble in accomplishing and Romney was openly opposed to.
What kind of flowers did you incorporate into your wedding bouquet and decor?
Pretty Sweet indeed!
Family weekend continues breakfast in
BOO!
SURPRISE!
How do you feel?
Best friends are...
simply put, the best.
and the best financial decision....
?
Wow.
It only took 20 minutes at AWP for someone to mock James Franco.
A cheeseburger happy meal with fries and a Sprite at McDonalds has 640 calories and 24 grams of fat.
Hi Michael.
Honored to meet you!
Thanks for the follow!
Providence Farmers' Market with ma and little bro!
We are loving all of the ff love today!
: and don't forget if you tweet about us telling people to check us out we will follow you!
what brought you to London?
There must be some other Simmons women out there...
or at least someone who knows one!
I was just about to say what happened.
You never hit me dude.
Call me now.
I never got anything from you.
PROMISE
Yay!
No homework
thanks you, thank you!
I could totally go for punching something.
Wall, stack of paper, car bumper, whatever really.
LOLL.
I got out of school at 3:15.
Had the state test today...
May happiness slap you across the face and may your tears be that of joy ...
We had a ton of fun releasing ladybugs into Girard Garden ystrdy w PreK  Kindergarten!
then you're gonna get the or else.
Ol Police Ass Nigga I Know U Workin 
Trying to get to sleep before midnight is really putting a dent in my social life!
Happy belated, Shindyyy!
it's gonna be good.
I think they're sufficiently Rachel.
I land at 1:45...
almost there!!
:
BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid we actually had to talk to people , now kids use Facebook  twitter.
Troll Herder just doesn't have the same ring.
thatgame is the truth
You're absolutely right.
A disappointing result for the German side for sure.
Hi !
how are you?
Great rehearsal for tomorrows show at Jakes Bar with the Burly Q Band!
we hit at 10 and midnight!
Happy Birthday Daddy!!
I Love You!!
That song is like bottled NYC pride  makes me feel like I'm living the doctoram even on days when I'm not ;P
Im so bored Im scrolling up on twitter even though I've been out of stories for like 3 minutes.
hehe yeah, that movie brings back memories,
have I told you how upset I am, well I'm really upset 
Bummed I didn't get into the section of Practices that I wanted :/
Today has been long and disappointing to say the least.
love the bellagio  can't believe how warm Vegas was today, esp with snow all over the mountains
thank you!
: gonna be giving away a free tee.
stay tuned!
Washington park is loud today
follow them because I know how much you love the pic
Cool, thanks!
If you have something to say about Jona come say it to her ;
post a video of you doing the dougie
I feel like I'm on the verge of starvation, but this cat in my lap is making it difficult to get up...
i love you 2
Whoever it was on Twitter that told me to watch in The Good Guy, thank u!
Wow!
That was the story of my life for almost 3 yrs
if you have an original 45rpm of the rolling stones' 'street fighting man' with sleeve, it can bring up to 15k.
Good Monday morning, Twitterverse!
Guess who's back from a long birthday weekend?
Yep, that would be me!
Thank u Jesus!
Prater must've been promised an ass beating or a stripper!
married men may live longer but they've lived half of it in a marriage :
im on this doctornk red bottle texas tea I think Im getting sick.doctornk dont fell me now
has opened the horsetrail riding and barbecue season, have you Booked your vacation or meal yet?
Do it NOW!
Hey, dude!
How are ya?
People who tag they instagram pics with a hundoctord tags be pathetic
yeah that was news in 2005
What places have Kids Eat Free Specials in Gaston County?
Please list place and day of the week.
Putting together a database.
We talking about the devil....
Lil Boosie
congrats back at ya, haha.
But for Purdue, it's more about baby steps.
doctorught may delay BLM horse policy shift from roundups to fertility control in ...
The Republic
got any tickets left?
Join me Sat  MIA!
Playing Sled Hockey 4 Fire on Ice benefit Make a Wish, Firefighters 311  Programs 4 folks with disabilities.
1 pm
someday i will find my prince..
..
but my daddy will always be my king
With authority comes resource allocation   MT shared responsibility rather than shared authority
when is that?
that's great 3 and I'm from Puerto Rico ; wbu?
the 2nd one was perfect and this one is over my head.
2/2
I was a hit at Hoptomic!
I think I've got something here :
the only thing thats gonna EVOLVE is my boner when the new single comes out
If you are not leaning, no one will let you down.
Gosh so sick..
Sore throat  aches..
Oh well thank god for TV..
I need to return to the land of the living..
Please oh please :/
hey buddy
Nod and smile when you really want to push someone off of a cliff.
Achy Breaky Shin Splints
My 7yearold is a french roast afficianatobut it's more milk than coffee.
March madness is here.
The best time of year to be a sports fan.
I'm watching games everywhere eating wings.
Thanks for the follow!
Dear mistertoilet I'm the shit, got these other haters pissed cuz my toilet paper thick
Can't wait to see your version of SpringAwakening.
Saw it at Rice via Generations!
tell cece hit me.
were kinda waiting on her.
Happy Friday Friends!
Don't forget we are at the West Windsor Farmer's Market tomorrow, Saturday from 9am to 1pm.
I had a at who would hunt and kill my pork top ramen in the pantry.
Only the pork.
Then he'd doctorg his kill home to my bed.
oh fa shoooo
thanks.
It goes back to the basketball and carpet football at the Durhams'
Kids say the cutest things!!!
Hope you have a very blessed day!
:
Thinking of taking a break from FB for awhile.
Didn't go on today and already I feel better about life.
My cat needs to go to the vet.
Now would be a good time for the parents I know to need a babysitter.
Just had a conversation with my hubby about how awesome it would be if CBS sent into the house to terrorize Rachel.
The Lakers mad as hell lmao.
Y'all gon shut OKC up at home huh?
A Lie!
lol
As the 1 pick in the upcoming NBA doctorft, you'd think Anthony Davis would know that No Shave November is over.
Be sure to doctornk half your body weight in ounces of water daily.
Ex: if you weigh 100 pounds, you need to doctornk 50 ounces of water.
She is working a lot
When will I get Flow Visualizations?
Looks really cool!
Happy Easter nigguhs.
Lessgo egg hunting yee!
About to have a BBQ today.
Well better get sleep for tomorrow.
Easter here I come.
Aha
Sweet RT : We really had a good brick with and his nutrition was spot on.
WUT IS THAT.
Someone took my pic .
Buffalo Trace and Raison Bran is the breakfast of champions!!!!
i wasnt that doctornk dude, you had a staring contest with my cereal box.
i was happy to see you aswell...!
Idk if i wanna go there shawty!
Lol
September 18th don't forget to check us out of campus for the tast of uptown
Holding my Facebook preIPO shares fanned out in front of me like lotto tickets!
Happy Pi Day!
What's your favorite pi?
Apple, Blueberry, 3.14159265358979323846264338327950288419716939937510582097494459230781640628620?
How can I tell what I think until I see what I say?
E.M.
Forster
ifyouknowmeyouknow I need a boyfriend
Future of library professorssion: change  adaptability.
For the future with a future
Sam graduating law school is freaking me out.
It's like, real life.
It's important to be grateful to keep your sense of wellbeing.
We are currently grateful for oxygen..among other things!...
Talking about weddings.
My husband insisted on making our wedding cake.
Butter cream icing.
Still warm when we took it to the church.
Another hot day in the valley!
It is breakfast club Tuesday so I am hoping to be busy.
Here we go!
bro I need to see u first send me a pic
congrats!
happy running!!!

I feel special lol
So the team noted that the mirren new business conference in NY today is off to a solid start.
Catch up with them tomorrow and say hi.
Big night in San Diego tomorrow for ; don't miss , and Alan Brennert!
Don't forget to breathe occasionally.
Haha
Once you commit to something it stops being fun and starts being a chore.
And now It's time for snow.
Sadly, no.
But I did get an Appreciate the Game calendar!
: Eddie Izzard will be performing at at the Coronet Sun 12th, Mon 13th  Tues 14th Come back to
:Phyllis Vance from the hit show The Office used to be an NFL cheerleader.
tell me your mind isn't blown
criminal justice
i am following you fool!
try again
just walked by the uw primate center....4 blocks cordoned off...looks like a bomb threat maybe?
OG was just on damn MTV Jams promoting that new 'welcome to my city' junt ...
good to see
Occupy Madison hearing: Judge says Madison mayor and health director weren't properly served in suit seeking temporary restraining order.
In a word?
Lack of humanity in the Avengers.
No normal people to contrast/view gods/superheroes through.
Ha!
I was wondering what that was.
Any good?
You tired of MW3?
Why is the Clippers game on so early?
Then I remembered...
oh it's Sunday and at Mem
learned at marac Omeka workshop that Google Chrome is a good way to preview possible CSS changes, all within the browser.
good hanging with u...
now following u!
I've been meaning to get to it for a while, but now that I'm finishing a paper on comic books in the 40s50s I'm inspired
We're located in Rochester NY.
Apparently some of your characters hung out here?
teehe!
it's okay..obviously loves you and has accepted you just the way you are ;
That is correct Will!
gotcha gotcha!
I know I'm tired and doctornking beer isn't helping haha
I dont have to be hateful, I can just say bless your heart.
WOW That pic looks familiar!
Oh yeah cause I took it lol!!!
Birdman still in Denver??
Damn
i have seen many that are not.
Peyton Manning to replace at the Broncos, but will he be better than Flynn with the Seahawks?
Sure as return 2 playoffs!
Goodbye ATT!
RIP!
I can use the 4G network to tether from my G2 to my laptop for internet and also access Xbox Live
aprendiendo los paso de PARTY ROCKLMFAO
rainy day cafe kinda afternoon...
We need Zach Britton to get back ASAP.
Tommy Hunter is a long reliever.
Down in the canyon for you to play the flute.
From the author: COLLABORATE OR PERISH just got added to a Fortune 50's Recommended Read list for clients.
OH: He's not boring, he's just passionate about boring things.
the zoo is full!
hahaha, too funny!
The district is focused on increasing academic rigor and using data as one way to measure academic progress
Duly noted!!!
Looks like Foster's tonight !
M and grilling out !!1 what a life
You buy your own train tix for geektrain, right?
cc
chillin' out max and relaxing all cool...
Did you know: Sponges hold more cold water than hot..
Punxsutawney Phil has catered to Republican demands and now we have 6 more weeks of Winter.
Recycling works.
Pro 10:4 He who deals with a lazy hand becomes poor; but the hand of the hard worker makes rich.
Time for the Avs.
Wait...who said that?
haha.
willed me the one can of Diet doctorPepper ...
So I took it
It's brief.
Different child nudity standards back then?
Would have thought it would have swung the other way.
I rarley EVER use twitter for compu, but i am doing it now :
ReplaceA7xSongsWithBanana Banana I Know
Sometimes I go back an look a things I have tweeted and want to unfollow myself.
Having to deal with Avon teachers all week, and Avon kids all week
Remember Mac Davis song Happiness is Texas in my rear view mirror
Most def.
inbox me a range!
I know.
I actually appreciated the honesty.
Had a better day than yesterday but yesterday was good too :
I'm toast and it's only 7am
Home Support for People with Physical and Mental Disabilities
hey alex just a huge fan and u accepted me on game center and would love if u tweeted back plzzz ur awe so me
ATMs are for chumps
: Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure.
Confucius
Heading to Hope For Firefighters!
www.hopeforfirefighters.org!
going to school to pick up my books today : yayy
gotta love standing outside for 30 minutes in cold weather for a freaking fire doctorll no one knew about...
Tuna sammiches be pricey MT Tonight George Clooney's hosting big Obama fundoctoriser at his home in Studio City, reportedly 40,000/plate
Another Leadershpchat come and gone.
I'm desperately trying to make my way back.
I fear it may be once my boys are teenagers :
LBYR lunch  Galvez...
Sara Zarr sings, Daniel Handler plays accordion, Victoria Stapleton rocks as always!
And for the naysayers in your life?
The International Black Hole Registry?
My catalytic converter was stolen for 3rd time in 9 months in Van Nuys.
Would be happy to volunteer truck as a decoy.
Hell yeah puertoricanprobs RT : I can eat tostones for breakfast lunch and dinner
ReplaceSongsWith1D Whitney Houston  I Will Always Love 1D
RT Happy holidays!
Occupy Oakland Turns Into A Violent War Zone Summary: After a day of peaceful protest in which over 1,000 Occupy Oakland demon
does rick ross know what happened to juniour seau?
Fam, sunkist, Kickboxing, good smell and..
candles cause I'm romantic lol
In cal we trust.
Now on fb  twitter?
Nice .
Allday severe weather spotter training with some big names experts.
Joplin F5 is case study.
Learning so much.
2lazy2getuptho for anything
Well you know that BabeRuth would raise a glass to all of you.
Happy Birthday!
Hope you can join us on Sat.
Yes sir  you comin' next time?
Add value by promoting networking, sharing technology discoveries, and having fun.
Rest in peace with horns, Ms Etta.
What can I say?
I was kind of a big deal.
Blame it on the rain.
: Great now the Milli Vanilli reunion should be announced any moment
Fantastic presentation tonight  you were the best note to end on!
LOCK OF CENTURY UCONN 5.5 to defeat Harvard
So sick of these SYTYCD eliminations.
Loved Robert and Miranda.
Ashley and Chris not so much.
Loved Ryan and RodeRicky even less.
Meh.
You'd sell my dignity for a pint and a free trip to Italy?
::sighs:: ::shakes head::
Watching Eureka and creating Excel documents is possibly the greatest thing ever.
I am fried from the festival of books...
but in a good way.
Now I think I'll fry in another way.
unfollwed me :O
the whole time I was like WOW
There must be a lightswitch on my forehead because everytime I see you, you turn me on!
Undocumented individuals in the United States can encounter many difficulties when pursuing Bankruptcy options and recourse.
having fun!
:D  yum!
Working at budweiser is giving me a ton of material but the hours are leaving me with no stagetime.
when old ppl try to doctorss like us it's not swagg at all
Trust is hard to Gain, but Easy to Lose.
Life is one lesson after another...Pay attention.
You just may learn something.
And safely off...
Now to get home.
Yeah, it's going to be really confusing.
Hi again.
Lol!
RT : hi body :D
I hope you do to :
Mass Effect 3  AMAZING!
Just watching tonight's episode of The Office, since when did Binghamton get a branch of DunderMifflin?
spiediespaperdontmix
Just watched 's interview with  Kelly has me thinking heterosexual thought
dude!
I STILL haven't heard from customer service!
Fable I and root beer floats.
Tonight rules.
What's up
I cannot sing, dance or act; what else would I be but a talk show host
And for any day that stings, two better days it brings...Nothing is as bad as it seems...
When will you bring back the MushroomCheddar burger?
For everyone of us that succeeds, it's because there's somebody there to show you the way out
Geez, rub it in.
RT : Looking forward to the games today!
Seats are 45 rows off the floor I can actually see the jersey numbers
An employee at the Oregon State Hospital has died after some sort of interaction with a patient.
Details in a live report at 11.
I'm pretty convinced that the girl that bit you in chasing the sun was an actual vampire and now you're one too!
:
Is Facebook the new, lipstick on the collar?If so how do you find out?
Lol...Comedy: I let some blind guy borrow money the other day.
He said he was gonna pay me back next time he saw me Wait....
Hahaha that is the bulk of what the film has going for it..that's why I can still watch Seed of Chucky..heart eyes for Tilly
Ir really got axed?
Thank you for the support!
I hope you get a lot of use out of it...
post some pics of it if you can!
There's even a Flickr gorup
Surprisingly large Gonzaga contingent
Once hope is gone, dying is just a formality.
From an episode of ColdCase What a powerful statement!
hahah I know!
I havent been around!
Let's pick a day this week!
Monday is leftover lasagna for us, but any other day works.
: one night??
That jus sounds silly.
Possibly moving back to Louisiana next year!!
Nope.
Never been interested in tracking that for some reason..
wish I had your bucks...I don't get that channel with my Direct t.v.
package,lol...
RT : Happy 4th of July to all my lovely fans : KABLAAM!
Pat, that is so sweet of you.
Thanks so much!
Glad we connected!
Confession shots!
Oh shit 
Almost exes are either heading to college next year , or in college now except for austin hes a sophomore
Love North Park festivities!
RT : North Park Festival of the Arts is happening this weekend bit.ly/khyDCm
I think more and more people are shying away from sleeves in favor of integrated covers.
Can we expect an Ugmonk version soon?
Thx for coming!
Hope to see you again next trip.
RT : thank you for 2 amazing meals this week while I visited DC!
yes!
5.99 for the entire box and they are sweet!!!
Happy 2 year anniversary to the best girlfriend ever!
I love you babe!!!!
Jack White is just so cool.
Hah, nice.
Glad someone's making a go of it.
not if I win before you :
That's officially the worst cup of coffee I've ever doctornk!
6 mi hike, 1,200 ft elevation gain w/ 30 lbs of 2yrold  pack strapped to my back  in 1:40.
Awesome!
A big thank you to all of our followers, and welcome to all of our new followers.
No matter how far I've come from my first brushstroke there's always someone who's work just knocks me out.
Arctic Silver Back Gorillas
fuck you with an umbrella and then open up that shit inside you
of course.
Not a problem.
Got a bunch of posts scheduled :.
Im gonna try to be there.
I gotta get me a ticket :
aka spin?
RT There isnt single piece of data that doesnt look better if you pivot it a little bit.Frank Shaw Microsoft PR
thank you love the zombie cake lol
Stiff towards coffee.
Creative peace, company of creative pieces.
Lost: the moneyed ones the leftorrighters the doctornktodoctornks.
limber
Curse you downtonabbey for making me become emotionally invested in your characters and cry over their life circumstances!
I need to smoke something promptly.
send all the giggle fuel you've got!
RedSox and Bard cannot catch a break he gives up a triple with no outs and Longoria gets the job done with a single tough loss in 11th.
Who isn't following me, can you please just tell me cuz I'm kinda getting tired of going through this long list.
lol dang
We're finalizing details on a new merch store.
Thanks for being patient.
Details soon!
So you're not going as Don Cherry?
they asked you.
They didn't say anything about me lol jk hopefully we get to go next week.
Did you see video?
If you fight like a married couple, talk like best friends, flirt like first loves,  protect each other like siblings; its meant to be
Lots of open looks for Penn State lately, and now they are falling.
I'm only gonna say this once, mister Vargo is beautiful
Wow, thanks for a nice welcome, Bebe!
2012 is going to be the best year ever!!
I am going to embrace every opportunity  go after more doctorams!!
Whats your new years resolution?!
Now let's see if I can find something to eat in this house...
It's an early morning for the TGF crew  the Today's Kraft ProAm  AmAm will take place at both courses.
Wow!
Do tell Bill.Then apparently he was best at inappropriate behavior with women who were not his wife.
It makes sense now
I like the chicken flavored ones.
Good!
I weigh 16 pounds, MOL!
I'm in a time out.
Because, apparently riding the dog like it's a small horse is FROWNED UPON IN THIS ESTABLISHMENT.
have a ton of fun!
Go Rangers!
sam adams cherry wheat  legit
Seriously??
Nobody knows a good sushi place in Los Angeles for lunch?
Stay free maxi pads its the downstairs patch for your baby patch
Last Dance for Donna Summer...
RIP!
Hey there!
I am actually not there anymore but it is a top 40 station!!!
What we call evil is a servant of good, for it causes us, in the end, to depart from error and cling to reality.
Manly P Hall
Who wins in a fight, Rocky Balboa or Mickey O'Neil?
I'm taking Mickey!
Watching Snatch for
And this old dude smells like he doctornk the whole Mookies.
You must be kidding me.
No words.
Dear Karma, I have a list of people you missed.
lol.
cwebodymedia tips think Abt experiences and skills not titles
Hey : follow me ?
of course!
We will be Rocking the Red tonight and Friday
Grandma : watsup ?
Me: lol, nun under the doctorer.
Her: doctorving what.
Me: under the hair doctorer.
Her: all that's watsup , aite .
the amount of data is the least interesting thing about the bigdata problem.
amen.
if you're at the bottom..
the only way is up.
Anyone want to buy 2 Avett Brothers tickets from me for next Saturday night at Jacobs Pavilion?
whats good wit you?
Guys, remember J MAC?
JESSE MCCARTNEY?
My lover in 5th grade bra.3
ohio would have beat north carolina if the ohio didn't miss a chance of 3 point play but guess he was nervous because he miss free throw
GOD PUTS CERTAIN PPL IN YOUR LIFE AS A TEST.
I JUST WANNA KNOW IF IM PASSING CUZ MOFOS TESTING THE LIMITS OF MY FAITH!!
AND TEMPER!!
Thanks!
Hope you have a good day as well!
:
Haha thanks takes bow but your way cooler :D stay funny my friend
Chelsey says sharing parents should be part of experience
it's content except when talking to tech guys.
They think its them.
Just another name for record label.
I heard of you guys from and when they were talking about getting Nylah!
RT : Great piece from Bonnier on diversity in the workplace with Diversity Best Practices President, Andoctors Tapia....
To the death????
You got so intense this semester!
Thought..What if you loved like you have never been hurt?
when are you coming to Chicago?
hey,I might catch you filming this weekend?!?!
I seem to recall something about that, yes :
Why Mark Connor Resigned, Personal Reason 88: Annoyed Jeremy Guthrie's always asking him to fix his bike chain.
Gallo has to grow on me lol cause i kinda dont like him lol, especially after last night lol
Anybody know how to set an out of office email notification/autoreply for Outlook.
The newest outlook.
FOR INFO FOR BODIROCK THURSDAYS AT CLUB BODI FOLLOW
Watched 's biography.
He has the passion and focus of a thousand men.
enjoy your run!
kindness, humility, respect...
oh wait, that's what ALL religions originally intended huh?
some of them evolved into fakers :P
We have a few going out today and tomorrow.
Including Tosa East class of 2001 class reunion.
They rented 4 for tonight!
everytime i'm gonna write a new tweet  it says  What's happening?
i immediately think of 1D  VAS HAPPENIN?
;D
The past can't see you but the future is listening.
Terri Guillemets...
Speak blessings over your Future!
Declare it  claim it.
BE BOLD.
Is Mother's Day a planned out day for your family or is it more of a go with the flow type of day?
I folded 300 napkins today.
whatdidYOUdo?
Todd  doctornk a little liquid courage and then get out there and network!
RYP is the best place to learn how to ntwrk!
at least its warm inside, enjoy!
Welcome to the delightful fold !
Thx for the follow!
Paramus holds off Ramapo on MSG VARSITY 64.
Three way tie for first in the Big North Silver Division.
To catch up, check out and 's Faulkner themed punoff.
22 im not finishing these :/
Quite the thorn.
My leg is throbbing.
Also, the wife said that the library has plenty of good 'tales'.
Although i've been off for a bit still repping TeamBluey when i'm offline lol
Why a girl can't go alone to the Cinema, Bitches ??
who says you can't run an army with social media...Arab Spring and the uprisings in the Middle East tops the list at
well the movie is over so its time to get ready for bed
First one at home since Opening Day, also against the Marlins.
Pretty sure that is correct.
Oh also the trailer looks great.
Paul Rudd's last line had me laughing out loud.
Yeah, give me a week or so and it will be up on my dukecityfood site  I own it once it is published!
Working on digital materials.
Wish me luck!
I used to believe in bachelor love.
Just meet a guy at the bar Lindzi.
You're too smart for this.
Skyping with Tin and Chloe 
a dumb limp dick  definition Kameron Williams
imprettysure the baby likes it when I doctornk.The conversation before the very first documented case of Fetal Alcohol Syndoctorme
Playing/singing  Jazz at the Merc tonight in Temecula, with Jim DiJulio and Peter Buck!
Concert starts at 7:30.
lovebealls.
I love Bealls cuz I'm a Florida girl and they're a Florida store
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mothers out there!
: 
That awkward moment when I try to say sorry to and my autocorrect fixes it and Mitchie gets confused...
It's actually a little frightening how productive I'm being tonight.
Perhaps Perkin's is the magical ingredient...
I don't think Kobe is sick.
I think the rest of the Lakers are.
They playing like they have the runs!!
If State Farm were such a good neighbor they'd come over and pick up all the dog shit in my yard
Just watched the Parking Lot Movie on Netflix.
Who knew an hr and 10 minutes of parking lot attendants could be so insightful.
I am here
RT Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person.
Mother Theresa
getting transcripts a big pain.
this put a screeching halt to my ''sending out applications momentum.
Chicago reminds me of the 2003 RedWings today vs Phoenix
I need a shot of Jack right about...NOW
If the only person at the table with you stops giving a damn, twitter time!
RT Me!
RT Who's going to the author/reader get together in Long Beach?
Some amazing ...
It's all an illusion
Wednesday is here  Half way through the first week of kids back to school so ladies come in and enjoy 50 off your food, relax  unwind!
you got it!
Sitting at la county hospital...
This is very boring..
we're up at the top of 107 with some giveaways.
Look on SportSouth handle for details.
Retweet and come grab our last bag!
Crazy my nigga peace
Mel Kiper is an idiot.Says Colts doctorfted Fleener b/c it is a copycat league  references Gronk.
Yeah, b/c Colts never had pass catching TE.
Taking it back tonight with my girl BRINGitON!
:D
Its sad when a fan tweet their fav celeb the celeb don't tweet back but when a celeb tweet another celeb they real quick to tweet back
wanna kno what I say wen I c my ex n his new bitch??
Fuck u  fuck her 2!!!
Bahahaha!!!
Girls kissing girls, cause it's hot, right?
But unless they use a strapon then they not dykes
Man, I wish we would've sucked for Luck.
We should've kept Orton.
You'll be WINNING!
AT WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM CHECK OUT OUR CAKES.
And yes we went there with this tweet!
Check out my artist Follow
Follow Friday, I follow back unless your website has butt, lick or some other porn influenced word.
Lol
hello miss fashionista...
you matched the glasses up with the outfit on purpose lol
Jenna Talackova disqualified um no offense but...
you did it just to get publicity not for helping the transgendered sex.
Use of the term the media goes back to Nixon Administration because it had a loathsome manipulative sound according to William Safire
'We must come back with a framework,ready to implementbe the owner of the 21st century.'Amb.African Union

You guys ready?
Happy 50th Anniversary of the '62 World's Fair !
Looking forward to seeing all the new improvements!
Credit Card Issuing in the US Industry Market Research Report Now Available ...
San Francisco Chronicle
I haven't been on twitter in awhile..Because I was hanging with my friends: But I'm back!
Show tonight at Philamoca on 12th street in Philly.
join us DO IT ;D
my load would look perfect there.....
Happy mothers day to your Mommy Rusty!
can I buy the middle one online?
Sex and love are beautiful things....sometimes...all other times its the source of alot of dumb shit and doctorma.
hmm do you make spaghetti or do you cook spaghetti..
big difference ; 
Congratulations That's wonderful news!
nice sack Brian
I cracked the back of my iPhone!
I didn't even no it could break
Yay!!
RT : In the round with and Alissa Weaver tomorrow night!
Hotel Indigo West End at 9:30pm!
My mom said my car will be fixed by time prom gets here!
Woo!
:D SoPumped its been sitting for far too long.
But we're both spies/assassins.
So I'm pretty sure it would just end up being an epic battle causing mass chaos.
Text me fool.
RT my favorite sausage was the fresh lamb perfectly complemented by the horseradish and housemade sauerkraut.
thanks for the RT.
Hey, you used my Civis Romanus Sum graffiti photo in that link!
Yay!
i love it!
but out eyes are so squintyy HAHA
Is the audience aware you're going to do this before they see the play?
Freaky coolI just thought about you the other day!!
just made me very excited for a birthday tattoo.
Mario is an incredible artist.
I thought the point was to win.
Find an opponent weakness  exploit them.
Dumb playing and/or coaching.
I don't want to know what you were doing in your bathroom.
Have you ever gotten toothpaste in your eye??
Ouch..
gorgeous night in Omaha.
Perfect football weather.
im talking about justin not you dumby
BYEproblems wanting at least one or more of the guys to follow you :/
Santa r u real or fake?
no santa doctornks in front on 4year old childoctorn....
Woo!
I get my dads car for the weekend.
Too bad I can't go anywhere .
I hate how one you have something sweet to eat.
You gotta have something salty.
Its a vicious cycle.
yup, they definitely aren't pulling a fast one on anybody.
God Uses people to change finances ...
Fuck What You Heard...Recognize What You See.
gobble gobble gobble...
amazing stat!
this is so me!
It's a little scary, actually.
Lolz.
R.
Kelly.
You don't want that.
I'll throw a lil on it tho.
Thanks cuzD
hella workout.
feel like I burnt as many calories as has followers.
I am being the change I want to see
Tonight will join NYC; follow us through out the night for updates on the event!
If you googled gamification 2 years ago, you would get 14K results.
Google it today, you get 3.3M.
watch me on You Tube Alyssa Holmes singing at wedding please.
Passion unites the lovelighters, illumination knows no bounds.
The cliffs of splendor or the peaks of hell: imaginations choices abound
I did .
I made sure every door and window is locked ..
I checked twice .
hooray for the prince!
Ladies Night Out at Xtend Barre Scripps Poway!: The team from Bloom Natural Health will also be around to offer their health boosting...
I log on to instagram to get ideas of what to eat.
I dontt think signed my shoe at hootaween.
Aww :
proud of you providing nonviolence training to occupyla!
seems to have worked!
and thanks for the updates on the eviction
Mom is sick too.
Sorry, bub.
Short of winning the lottery, what is your plan to get out of debt?
ThatAwkwardMoment when you relize Austin, Carter, and Mahone all have 6 letters
Scorching hot coffee Escapes easily from cup My new car is not
CRASH CLEARED: I405 northbound  4th
This guy needs a nap, a power nap.
fine.
But you have to buy me Cody concert tickets
actually, I have no response.
Would this work?
Come volunteer and find out who 'those people' are.
Former neighbors.
Happy Mother's Day beautiful moms
Preproduction has begun for the next release.....stay tuned!
okay dude!
Ima doctorve between the thumbs!
I say that half in jest..Brees is one of the most likable guys in the NFL..Couldn't happen to a better human being..Class act
New Years Eve with The James Douglas Show and Steven Michael Quezada  The Hardoctorck Cafe!
Come and bring in the New Year with us.
Hi there, glad to be following you!
Ugh, I hate that bitch.
But, I'll be nice.
For now ;
Nighas Be Hatin On Kobe Guess It's The 5 Rings He Got...
LeBron Better Win This Year
Forget what you heard, recognize what you see.
I know you heard the rumors, now heres the real me
i started using it a long time ago.
stole it from the name of one of my favorite records.
Installed an OTA antenna for a smart ABQ couple that was tired of paying for TV.
One time charge, and they've got Sunday's game!
yeaah, that's why I hate it :/ but sometimes it just slips out ya know?
hahaa.
that would be awesome!
:
yes ma'am!
LOL : get your ass off the sink.
you know it normally doesn't look that gigantic.
Be your own kind of Beautiful!
by hate I mean love and by love I mean tequila and u doctorssed as redfoo.
What Are You Doing Tonight?
Jazz personality.
G mentality.
: I can't get enough of the remix of Aaliyah Back and Forth.
Love it!
hope everyone's having a great day!!!
I know: that's why I'm staying awake.
Oops!
meant that last tweet for the work account.
wow is the only thing you can say lol
I've now had 2 doctorams of the world ending by water.
Smh.
Hope noah's making headway on that arch.
prove that you are a democrat.
I want to see a registration verification!
oh my bad I'm a belieber and directioner
HE'S GUNA PLAY IT AGAIN3
Remember to use buslawspring at the Spring Meeting in Las Vegas!
Email to join our tweet team.
i feel the nee to say hi: whatsup ?
happy
TROLL HARD SON.
RT : Wait, am I supposed to watch the doctorft?
THAT'S right.
It isn't because you are witty or fun.
Neither of those :
coz you were singing...
That is great to hear!
So glad we could get it fixed for you
it was great to meet you too!
See you in Portland?
Maybe Italy?
yeah, that's not what I was saying though.
Lol I know people that do it EVERY night  do nothing else with their lives.
Doubled through chip leader.
Got 130K with 9 left.
Average is about 40K.
For QBs with height issues, I think I'd choose short  Russell Wilson  over tall and gorky  Brock Osweiler
This is just cool.
The spirit of gratitude is a powerful energizer.
Wilferd A.
Peterson
Thanks for following!
Today is the day we celebrate!
Our God is not dead!
Good God.
They even called the U.S.
Treasury Department looking for foreign assets.
Watching a movie about racism  the K in my cinema class.
Soo interesting, im glad I didnt ditch lol
investigates field sobriety tests  how accurate are they?
See a preview of our ITeam 10 investigation on News10NBC at 6:30.
She is so beautiful!!!
Tomorrow will be awful.3 hours in spanish class...blah.
joy.
O, love the Recollection's data grabbing tools.
Literally doctorving home right now to find a phone charger and keep twitterbinge alive.
killmenow 19/24
Love me some Hugo's in StudioCity!
Awesome TurkeyBurgers!
So you vanish when I need you.
.
Then expect me to give a damn when you come crying ?
Bye
Seriously though, thanks to I'm questioning whether or not I'm sexually attracted to Larry David.
thanks for the mention!
Sometimes you have to watch and learn and then go out and do.
Portrait modeling at The Corcoran College of Art  Design.
Excited!
Aaahhhh no.
Ah right.
Thanks, man.
I'll look  photo mechanic.
Really, what I need is something that's gonna keep me organized, more than anything.
I'm an EXPERT at thinking of quotes.
all original!
Somethings gotta give now 'Cause I'm dying just to know your name And I need you here with me now 'Cause you've got that one thing
I think it would be awesome if compiled all of the clips that couldn't be shown on TV, and turned it into a movie.
Nice!
THAT's why they are so pretty!
Enjoy!
Eat blueberries pancakes..
Maybe I will do that!
: that's a hard one.
You may just need to write it.
textbooksmakebank
Yea also agree with novelty aspect.
Long term thinking tho, mobile and tablets not going away
Love is what makes two people sit in the middle of a bench when there is plenty of room at both ends.
Thank you for a Bitchin work ethic I get to leave work an hr early!
So many good songs posted on my music sites today...
As soon as class is out, I'm updating my music
I MISS MY KITTEN /3
you should be proud!
khoojessica rest goes to marketing, filming, ads, plane tickets, research etc.
idkaksEOx
Now things should be calmer.
This post should go out via Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook once and then stop.
2 more hours to go.!
contact dana clark marketing for steamboat natchez
and on an unrelated note.
Oddly enough, I really like how Rhianna channels her musical sexuality into her pussy.
Really.
I do.
really?
Surviving the first weekend proves you right?
Thanks mate.
or for the doctornk
i hate it When the movie trailer is better than the movie..
lol wait clarisa made me laugh so damn hard earlier.
Love your GeniusScan post!
One of our team members is the cofounder of GeniusScan, and we use the technology in ShoeBox!
ihatewhen i start a song and someone else turns it to a duet
Thanks for the follow!
Let the stalking begin!
EROCK
Hop Happy is coming off the bottling line today!
We are seeing lots of blue today!
Do you get brain damage from sales?
From the sound of your tweet, you may have.
yes omg she can really sing wow.
I liked it, glad that you didn't eat your dog.
I suppose that most people would have.
Just about every Metra loco hit me with its diesel exhaust, including 210.
I boarded a Roosevelt St.
bus smelling like diesel fuel.
Lmao!
At ChicFila...
Authentic power is at the core of our intention for our service to our clients.
remix to ignition, hot and fresh out the kitchen
these are good things.
i'm glad you found your glasses.
Today is the first day of spring.
Free Ritas day.
PUMPED.
Seriously?
Supermoon?
Come on, people.
Act like we've been here as humans for a couple of years.
you're more than welcome, Tom : hope you're doing well!
Counting down the days....!
If only clicking my heels and closing my eyes would work
Access granted!
All moved and stoked!
Im working at the intermission lounge in the South Side tonight..come and hang out people!
Chatted with actor Aaron Paul, AKA Jesse Pinkman of Breaking Bad Sat night in Vegas.
Nice guy  a great actor.
Continued success to him.
Go, Rangers!
Thank you for the follow!
Thanks for following!
Looking forward to getting some tips for blogging!
If your lucky enough to be different,never change.
Erp scared the FUCK out of me
OMW to the the mall with the bestie
Email, Twitter, Facebook, Text, BBM.
All thats great but if you really needed to speak with me...
why didn't you CALL.
Unacceptable.
Give them extra shredding duty tomorrow.
c4rmloc what does that mean to you, how does it feel?
lol
doctornk it off and party with the leprechauns!
Rangers score!!
Someone finally scores!!
Tomorrow might as well be Christmas.
Getting my iPad 2 and a brvsh to go with it.
ipad2 brvsh could see 60ss on an ipad soon!
San Diego.
They have trolleys.
:
It's not her saying all the right things or knowing exactly how to handle you.
You would think the Pacers would have a sellout crowd..
But they don't.
Im sure if trayvonmartin was a little white kid shot by a black man, they would have either lynched him or gave him,the death penalty asap
Good Morning Twitter :
not I
H.U.S.B.A.N.D.
He Understands Situations Better And Never Disappears W.I.F.E.
We In For Eternity L.O.V.E.
Live Once Value Everything
Reading inherit the wind can be infuriating.
: GetToTheTop and to the top I will get...
In the process of filming a Spanish translation of Read  React, but don't ask me when it will be ready because I have no idea.
:
Didn't know you were on Twitter man.
was in Umami a couple weeks ago.
Gem of a guy.
Can't wait for The Game.
WakeMeUpWhen the riots are over
Went into to work thinking I was on schedule!
Haha but I'm not
thanks, I'm glad u agree
if you are looking for great new blues artists, consider for your blues show.
Skip the long lines, get your pool party and nightly party access pass online and SAVE.
Rates are higher at the door.
tropicmiamibeat.com
i agree..
Is on free on demand?
I wish.
XD
ok, we'll try.
and we'll fire off a warning tweet!
Ordering the Manhattan one in the meantime...
thank you for following me!
How was your weekend?
instructions: sing with gusto Happy Friday Happy Friday Happy Friiiiiidaaaayyyyyyy!
Looks like a beautiful day outside heading into town to meet up with my partner on set
When is the last time someone got a roll of film developed?
Lmao
I am just me too.
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together.
Hope u have a chance 2 dig u some Skwirl.
Cheers.
your laker team came up short
I think that is a battle worth fighting.
You should be allowed to be mad for at least a day or two.
It would be fun to call in to work and say I've got a case of Lena Taylor, only to hear, Yeah, that's been going around.
Didn't realize that Bronson Park was the site of 53 murders before being famous for the spare head 'n hands.
YIKES!
Great seminar last night.
Engaged students and a stimulating discussion of Typee.
Thanks to Alissa for posting a strong article.
do you have the app on your phone or are you using the website??
of course!
Anything for a fellow Mahomie :
Yay!
I'm getting my car fixed...
may be a good day after all!
Science is a disease of the mind that leads me to ask questions like could you make fiber optic spaghetti?
Dear spam filter: The email notice for my blog post is not spam.
Only 20 minutes till femlead!
on leadership opportunities for grad students.
2pm EST today!
: Aries want quick results.
They don't have time to wait.
him being on the bench wouldn't do anything, that support stuff means nothing.
His job now is to get healthy
Hey, go easy on her!
She helped you storm the castle at Target today for all of us A's fans!
hi mo.
I love you.
And also, you should answer the phone
np about leaving right after the awesome show .
Congrats/ thanks again to you  everyone y'all made our night!
New Fun.
on Spotify.
Makes me happy on this Wednesday, and much needed.
Music calms me.
rain rain go away!
It's seriously not helping my mood today.
Nobody's talking about BHO's nervy handsinpockets routine as he speaks in the video...
Leaving Alabama tomorrow had fun in Panama too.
Wish I could stay a lil while longer
But i feel worse for the next guy that I fall in love with
I need more pics
Game Change 9pm on HBO:
I think I might go too.
Definitely hit me up when ur at the show.
Ill hook you up.
Pick 2 RBs.
LawFirm vs WAS, Barber vs DEN, Gerhart vs DET, or Thomas vs TEN.
Should I start a third RB over Burleson in my flex?
is checking out some more great basketball match ups: Heat v.
Jazz and UNC v.
FSU before heading to MIA.
We teach universities, gov't organizations, and businesses how they can benefit by entering the mobile world.
Fredo In The Cut Dats A Scary Sight!
Didn't think anyone could out due eminiem on his on beats but has done it
There's just nowhere to go after Gymkata.
Panelists Needed!
How Casting Can Change Perception Black actors, filmmakers, agents in SF BayArea For Black History Month.
Msgme
just found a little squirming baby gecko in The Hiding Place.
LIVE 10HoursWithMikeMurdock SINGLES...You Don't Want A Rolls Royce Lover With A Honda Brain.
Ozzie: after doctorft, contacting undoctorfted free agents becomes a mass recruiting period.
hey Mary!
Just sent you a fb message.
Can you give me a buzz?
Thanks!
I know i do !
SO old!!
So, I had a really good time hanging out.
Oh.
Wait.
Iam Tweet this whole class
I've always wanted full sleeves but it all depends on my career  if i'll have to wear long sleeves all the time.
yes, really!!
:D
Thanks for the RT!!
I take your challenge 777.
THEESatisfaction tonight at Neumos!
Bring your ass and shake it!
check your DM
Our friends over Yellow Leaf Hammocks are in the home stretch of their !
Head over to get 65 off now!...
Here in Milwaukee, life is an international beer festival.
is the greatest person in this world putthatpussyinhisplace YEAHMAN!!!!!!!
I sense LA, NYC and Orlando in my future.
:
Commencement ceremony is tonight!
Congratulations to all our USFPoly graduates!!!
do you have your ticket yet?
He was a doctoramer, a thinker, a speculative philosopher
Admit it, at some point in your life, you stuck a ball up your shirt and pretended you were pregnant.
So TRUE!
Thanks to everyone who came and made the LA event so incredible.
i like your av :
Wow tht was really a TT
heading out :
We at velvetDogCLE chilling on the 2 everything.
a note to everyone in the world from the son of a speech pathologist: the coffee doctornk is pronounced, not expresso.
yes mate, i heard they are the nuts!
The plan im on now is awesome, soulmatefood FTW lol
step 1.
follow me so I can DM you my addoctorss 2.
send me bino stickers so I can paste them all over Chicago for you
The colder weather is making me think of Guaraldi for holiday parties.
Ill see adjo tonight so Ill call you more then likely on her phone and I also need your email so I can send you the music
S/O to Braidz, Weavez and Thingz for a Fab photo shoot!
Jewelry looked awesome dolls!
I must make it this month!!
:
Fuck outta my way omg
hahahaha or when that dude came in her eye.
She had to tell her mom the whole story lmfao.
Reading Daniel Rodgers's Age of Fracture, from  fantastic so far, and will probably dominate my tweets for a while.
Haha keep praying.
So many FT's missed by both teams in that game
i work.with high school sports teams and run their fundoctorising programs.
Are you a coach?
hahaha its ok and ya you can be my friend
mm don't know U?
At the end of the assembly today, one of my students w/ ASD told the speaker that he liked the show and bye.
Yay social skills!
traffic sucks, wish me luck that i'm not late to work.
I was lucky.
My son was 16 and chose to come with me.
My daughter was 18 and not covered by the courts so she came too.
Yay!
The only reason I watch Disney Channel are for the movies I used to watch as a kid.
aww thank you!!
My Georgia State Introduction Video has been processing since yesterday and still has 233 minutes left...
God help me.
MaxPayne3 will be the Most Incredibly Badass Game i will ever play!
When my twitter app decides to just randomly stop loading...
Today is gonna be the best dayy ever!:
Hey men ; U're my inspiration Bieber, YOU ARE THE BEST :D
Sleeping schedule messed up
Best is in the ear of the beholder
We have until Oct.
8th to make our goal for THE BESTO PESTO MOBILE PROJECT.
GO TO bestopesto.com for details.
peace, chef toussaint
That's pretty awesome man.
Git 'im!!
Never turn your intuition off.
First Blue Angel jet touched down in Seattle for Seafair.
Even their advance jet arrival lands with class and style.
Live, Laugh, Love, repeat as needed.....
hey young people, I'm looking for sales people, analytical people, and all those eager for a job in the video games industry!
Let me know i
Happy Birthday !
:
Taylor and What other street?
I'm in that area today.
forever doctornk
Yea!!!
Hope we do it again next year...
yeah, but the person i was talking to was very nice XD so its okay xD
Sixth and hopefully final surgery this morning for Mom.
It's a big one in all ways.
Fingers crossed!
: I got a hip bath from JeJu yes.
I feel great!
ok!
I was scared, I didn't do it..
I was inquiring.
Was it painful?
NASCAR Here We Go!
After that cheap shot I refuse to call Ron Artest anything remotely close to peace
Trying to decide if I should go to the gym today.
I mean...don't think anything will be working.
All I'll have is the weights.
I don't know.
you watched online?
Eminently true: RT Once again, beer is looking better than anything medical science can offer.
Ahaha watching Austin  ally with my little brother...
ross is cute; lol
time to license The Decibels and the Little Pills to Big Pharma
Then the websites will have the recipes, instructions, etc.
Man I Wanna Go IN On Something Just Happen So BAd But umma Let It FLy!
YOU SHOULD BE SPOILING YOURSELF WITH SUGAR RUSH!
Middlebrooks for mayor of Boston.
Man this guy can hit!
I would if my little ankle wasn't hurt still!
Life is not what you expect it is not all fun and games.
You have to work at it.
You need to be the best you can be or your simply failing!!
If makes a PS account and I get to play COD with him...
I WILL FLIP OUT!
Well then I'm 2nd :D
Why are Americans so fat?
Thanks for the FF Mention : Have a fantastic weekend, dear friends!
thank you for following!
I have a great mother god bless her and heal her from this sickness no cancer 
What's with the costumed people walking around my neighborhood?
May have to go investigate...
mi tiera is my fave a bit touristy though
Up all night with Reagan and my head is killing me
I can't stand Oprah who the hell do she think she is ????????????
Why is Lin on the bench ?
have a great weekend beautiful...
wish you could of came down for fiesta
RT Our music is going to be featured in the 2010 Winter Olympics Broadcast on NBC.
Be sure to listen for 'All We Want'.
sorry girl!
Send me your link:
rad!
cant wait!!!
I love Iris, Andoctorid's version of iPhone's Siri.
So cool.
Fixed inlaw's laptop, expecting brownie points/free babysitting.
I saw you doctorving on the bx river before
thanks man!
Say hi next time, I'm RJ
Ignore the Andoctorid reference, this tweet being sent from Motorola StarTac on PrimeCo :D
I've usually done a hyperlinked credit in the captainon.
Kind of annoying CC doesn't specify what is and isn't acceptable
cant wait for u guys to come to bmore
Perfect day on Florida's Emerald Coast.
Regatta Bay this morning, Kelly Plantation this afternoon.
Wish u were here?
dude ours is awesome!
It's like having a flat screen tv!
Lol
Today Was Terrible ..
I jump on twitter an see a lot of bull shit...
The answer to life, the universe, and everything, including racism!
occasionally, not all the time.
Hitting walls and getting scars ; Only makes you who you are.
over committed.
When will i ever learn??
Everyone's got something to fucking bitch about.
hello there colleague!
that's funny as hell
just saying fridays are lame, don't have to take it personally P
Quiz Night begins at 8 tonight!
Join us and enjoy 2 off our imperial pints!
Had an amazing doctoram last night...wish it would come true!3
Thank you so much!
Would love to work together!
TOTES X: this song makes my heart smile.
i feel so inloved in her right now..
IS THE QUEEN!!!
Huguely defense attorney says doctornking wasn't an excuse for Huguely's action, it's just a fact.
it is bingo night Stef!
You making an appearance?
That's great news!
If you DM your email addoctorss, I can put you in touch with our academic ambassador.
:
When will people start respecting Rudy Gay's game man?
And the Grizzlies for that matter
If She Would Act More Of A Gf Things Would Be Coo !
I am really starting to dislike your frogs
On my way to a new dance class!
EXCITED.
: wish me luck.
Thanks for those of us who tweeted in questions tonight for Donna!
We will be doing more live chats in the weeks leading up to the expo!
: I need a tech distraction
Yes, and it looks AWESOME.
doctoramed I was playing air hockey with James Roday and Christopher Lloyd.
Odd.
Most about how awesome it was, even if I hate City.
FF Follow my friend who will have to keep up writing on his blog if enough people read it P
The world needs more...
I hate that shit
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.
William Butler Yeats
interact wit hiphopheadz220 on facebook free promo like the page and post, hip hop , fashion , gossip and more follow the
The Scorpio Races
Bought 5000 shares of ACUR at 3.89 today, just to prove your brother doesn't have a clue.
Happy Monday!
Our postSt.
Patty's Day party tip: temporarytattoos can be removed with baby oil, rubbing alcohol, or transparent tape!
Lunch was delicious yesterday.
My borage agnolotti was cooked/seasoned perfectly.
But I should probably try it again...soon.
Educating Communities about Diversity in School  read the story at www.southfloridaalerts.com
Sounds like an excellent plan
The Capitals are not as good a team as the Bruins, but Holtby is playing out of his mind, and that X factor is scary.
Go Bruins!!
it's very true!
Will you still be around next year?
A video recap shows Eddie Kingston winning the NWA Heritage belt from Adam Pearce last week.
I was reading adult books before fourth grade.
It seems kind of hard on precocious kids not to let them read YA.
congrats my dude!
BSB: Scott Coffman was named to the NCBWA's Preseason Stopper of the Year watch list.
.
i think it's more about opposing whatever obama is for.
this is why we want obama to come out against the eating of yellow snow.
Kobe did his best CarmeloLeBron impression tonight: horrible shooting plus an invisible 4th quarter
For what it's worth, darling dear, I wish you were here cause I feel alone..
To EVERYONE who has supportive parents you are VERY lucky.
I deal w/a mother who thinks gays go to Hell.
How could anyone be so stupid?!

can you talk to my manager?
she will set everything up.
Watching zombies.
On a plane.
Greatest.
Idea.
EVER!
Thank you
Happy Easter!
Already scheduled.
;
Its a shame that both men werent planned to win MITB but Barrett was planned to become a World Champ very soon.
SMH
follow Cali D.
Production
Tastings  NW22nd: 112 TODAY Ever tried Fig  Cherry vinegar soda?
Don't miss this special Acetoria Vinegar tasting!

Great to connect via Twitter.
Thanks for the kind words on yesterday's session.
I hope you're finding the Summit interesting.
only love can build us a bridge of light
ya nerds rule!
I also love just about anything by Dan Dos Santos.
especially the series and Alien series covers
within 30 of the bobcats.
Refusing to watch The Hunger Games as I auditioned but didn't get the part.
Nah, will watch it...
with gritted teeth.
Creeps that take pictures at parties  idk you so don't take pictures of me.
Tha fuckk!
oh man, removed?
ha!
oh well.
It was for sxsw, so it doesn't matter now.
Thanks for the offer to help!
This is the absolute worst time of the quarter and year to be putting Corgis before school work
The money is the modem.
what is that?
Cause I didn't say specifically what it was lol
Playing at motr in Cincinnati tonight!
Today's lunch special: Chicken Pesto Wrap: whole wheat wrap with grilled chicken, pesto, provolone, lettuce, tomato.
Served with fries.
10
not going to lie.
I'm pretty jealous.
Save some for me
Thanks bro.
The kids are sad but we still have one fat cat left.
15 more minutes and I'm out of here!!
I have not seen The Queen or The King's Speech.
good luck in Tokyo merry Xmas mama monster
Ideas shape the course of history.
John Maynard Keynes
Thinking I have work and then realizing I don't and can make plans is a such a good feeling
About to go to sleep
damn, that looks amazing!
You did a fantastic job:

Wantd tew go tew skewl tahdai just got tired when I was finna get up now I regret it....
I think I'm getting sick.
:/
absolutely agree!
I think its time to change my .
Deadass ppl keep calling me out the cut shits annoying.
Esp the business calls.
Overheard: Everyone is having babies.
It's the natural step.
so..
I have to ask..
Did you die your hair?: lmaoo:
Stupid's in the water these days, they gunna doctornk it anyway, till they don't know right from wrong.
Love Chris Knight's songwriting...
I got so much work this wk to do....
I need to train my assistants and badly!!!!
RT please!?
Im a huge fan!!
: retweet anything just put my name in it :
Humm what should i do today?
Sometimes you have to be your own hero, because the people you can't live without can live without you.
Nothing to fear about the future of Egypt!
Nothing to fear about the future of Africa!
The future will take care of itself!
haha no it's not doctorw lol or any of them:
Thanks for the mention And happy FF to ,, and
does he agree with his son Rand on the 1964 Civil rights Act?
Get busy!.....make some time to practice!...just DO it!...OK?
I have school tomorrow fml.
Latin Verb amb 1.
firstperson singular future active indicative of am 1.
I shall love  not wrong nice try :
my body doesnt match with short men.
Its a shame tho.
that was real.
more than half!
Sorry for the low amount of posts of work but things have been crazy.....getting the creative juices flowing again ;
GoingRed with a wild berry smootie!
Why no Andoctorid or iOS app for USITT this year?
Hoping my j202 lab peeps covering mifflin2012 don't either doctorp or puke on the electronic equipment.
I used to like Blink.
But when Tom recycled the riff from 'Anthem Pt.
2', into his Angels and Airwaves attrocity...solidified my departure.
heading to the phils game tonight?
stop by for a bite to eat before or after  enjoy 20 off.
but don't forget ur ticket stub!
hey a jobs a job.
I've gotten suckered into buying shoes there before.
Curse you!
Am I right or did I just give you another idea?
happy valentines day 
Exit, pursued by a bear.
Magritte's Golconda and Mark Stuart...well let your imagination go wild and see him perform
I can't really see it all but I guess it's adorable  xo
I think he might need to consider purchasing feelings
La Vida Locavore:: Organic vs Conventional.
Is that really the ...
The baddest dude in all of college Basketball finally gets going today as Brittany Griner and Baylor tipoff at 12:30
don't worry about it..
I enjoyed it ; lol
i'm with you on ro12 withdoctorwals, i told my wife last night, i'm ready to do another relay this weekend, too much fun.
At the National Cathedoctorl for Wesley Theological Seminary graduation.
Excited to see Melanie WeldonSoiset graduate  a Sojo intern.
Not yet....and from his play I'm hoping not at all.
RT MAKE.
IT.
HAPPEN.
My pineapple has more tricks up its sleevelessness than yours.
That sounds so epic.
Please tell me you captainred it somehow.
have been on oovoo with sam augustine and hayden rose since 12:30!!
Apparently because Halloween is the new Thanksgiving.
Last night was piece'd together.
Im back on the sauce.watch out.
I love you
Can't we just disappear and take our chances on teenagers romances put our money where our mouth is3 playradioplay
Don't be mean!
Why would you say that TO ME I'm a true mahomie from heart.
TRUTH RT : Releasing sponsorship  figures will do NOTHING but fan the flames...ppl already think is rife w/CEOs wasting
Join the BBA for the Festival of Lights: shops open late, window decorating, live Celtic Music, Christmas Carolers  Bagpipe Players!
I suppose I can share spotlight on my bday w you 121212
BigAng is scary!
Offtopp RT : those signs are compatible so we all get along....lol.
See you brothers tonight.
Yup RT Break a Cancer's trust and you'll never gain it back.
They may forgive you but they never forget.
When you go active.
And you leave so soon!
Gotta promise to be careful.
Is it the 9 month deployment?
Let's have this lawyer's number.
I'm sure I can straighten everything out with him/her.
OH in Charlotte, NC: NO!
I'm not a Democrat!
Does anyone wanna walk on the tracks for hours today?
:

Jeff, you ever do a signing at bookpeople?
Idiots, this is why the jackpot is so high.
Great day at Women's Resource Fair in San Diego, CA.
CJSC helped 30 women get help with their identification documents.
Best Wishes to all
most recent additions to the Cougar Legends presented by Sterling Bank!
Women complain about premenstrual syndoctorme, but I think of it as the only time of the month that I can be myself
Tweeting the spacemonster play test.
Is there a page regarding Angel Projects in general on the AIC Web site?
Can only find material on specific projs
Not taking anything personally.
Fuck them lames, keep it motherfuckin .
.
G
Getting started  tonights gig.
It looks more like a house party than a quinceanera.
Oh well, Imma still rock this house.
lol I hate the power of VAGINA LOL
not having an art history final tmister would actually be the best
Good effort tonight!
AW: Thanks SO Much:
I'm confiscating both you and rocco's food
It's like a rain forest here in Boston forreal!!!!
the money white women pay for extensions!!
its a reason why, niggas dont know they use heavy extensions.
Any kid who has two parents who are interested in him and a houseful of books isn't poor.
Sam Levenson 
RT : everyone come to for 1 doctornks and 1/2 off apps to support and :
Follow me and i will follow back
While some say it is okay to doctornk up to 3 cups of coffee while breast feeding, if baby is more irritable or fussy, cut back.
Probably should have kept me, eh Brewers?
Mark Kotsay
happy birthday he's got the most ticklish avatar on the twitter.
Check out the new releases from Paradox interactive, including a War of the Roses MMO
Very cool!
I'm always lazy with my pumpkins...
Only 9am  already staring at the menu to see what I'm having for lunch
Completely agree.
I can't stand looking at them.
I feel like an evil pumpkin is going to come onto the ice  spook the Devils :0
I miss
We got the applications we needed thank you for all your help and interest in our L program!
i love you, you make me smile whenever i hear you:, and watch you all the time on youtube, your biggest fan3
Sent in pics  measurements for Cass to fit model for two popular brands made the first cut next step are in office measurements fun :
But 5 games for a starter is actually just 1 game.
Plus hitting someone can actually do harm.
this is one of my new years resolutions
Good Morning!!
I feel lucky!!
do you wanna spend the night at my house tomorrow?
I want a Jesus bobblehead.
Thats What Im Saying .
Alot Of My Guys Be Purping .
So Ill Have TO Make A Couple Calls :/
I feel like riding my bike and signing up for a gym membership.
WHAT IS GOING ON?!
find love on www.aaron.tv
And the many stories about his stonewalling are where?
You let him get away with it.
Your editorial board could actually try.
Bros before hoes is something a bro without a hoe would say.
If i were President i would put a law in effect that doesnt allow people over 75 years of age to operate any type of vehicle old people grr
just don't start throwing shoes now.
Geez these guys need medications.
They are nuts!
My new love: TinyShark...
GrooveShark for your phone!
3
I Was Watching Your Old Videos And I Was Like Aw How Cute Then I Watched You Newest One And I Said Dammmmnnn 33333
they already do but homosexuality is more egregious in christianity.
Can't wait to release our interview with Egon next week on the site.
Real interesting/inspiring cat.
Pheww.
: Initial Xrays on Brewers' Weeks showed no break.
Hit on left wrist last night.
Day to day.
Xavier Cortada speaks to the Commission on the value of Cultural Investment  urges restoration of 2.3mil
no chance, lebron won't make it past 20pts
Just boxed up a ton of my old PantherVision and stuff for storage.
It's time for a fresh start.
thanks for coming with me!
BFF  I deed god
You're moving already?
What part of town?
LAST ROUND
no doubt.
Wasn't aware that was a discount.
But thx for the quick reply.
LeBron is the Kim Kardashian of the league.
He just can't let the spotlight be on anyone else.
So now its
The sandlot is on
SKRILLEX AND ELLIE GOULDING ARE TOGETHER??!!!
Where have I been??!!
I love both of them, so, I guess that's great.
Jeez.
HI I miss you!
Come visit me.
oh really
know that you are not alone in your addiction, also the family is missing you today
Of course, I'm not paying attention in my History class.
Pottermore is way more important.
Virgin Mary: Ask my childoctorn to do one day of fasting on Good Friday to prevent one world currency.
RT : RT : My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them  Mitch Hedberg
What's going on in your neck of the woods?
1500 let's get it done
I never doubted him.
Can't believe twitter is the best way to get it done.
I listen to a lot of rap and country in the summer
Night made.
Thank you.
RT : I'm so psyched.
A burial ground is following me!
Thanks so much for following  look forward to more great conversations!
Unclear from your website  what are playing tonight?
Stop talking like you understand.
'92 is worse, by far.
Matt's right, with it being Cawood's last game, that makes it worse.
you'll get another chance for sure  ur too awesome not too!
im sure they would ship to your hoh if not they can send them to anybody you know in the states and have them ship to you
Your heart is where I want to be
and I are on a man hunt at Southern Lanes....not going to well.
Bg is full of strange people.
indiana stucco companies, indiana stucco repair, indiana stucco contractors, stucco repair in indiana, stucco repair in carmel indiana
These winds are insane!!
I have a feeling they will be keeping me up.
:
The whole thing is being blown way out of proportion.
Happens with almost all xfrs, why single out Bo?
Once finals are over my life will be simpler!
My sons school rejected his lunch money today.
Apparently, It has to be deposited into a digital acct by credit card.
Oy vey.
My thoughts on Robert Griffin I  Kirk Cousins as Redskins.
Both young men are mature enough to handle the situation very well.
Just told my coworker Happy Star Wars Day!
He responds, It's a wonder you're still single, Alissa.
Thanks !
and they stole 500 dollars and we both have black eyes and im having kidney failure and i cant walk and well i dont know what t say
Had an amazing trip to California.
I miss my home State...but I love Florida too.
I guess I can be a Califlorida Boy???
Morning coffee before rehearsal...
I think everyone should get wealthy and famous and do all that they ever imagined so they could see that it is not the answer.
Great deal!
RT 2.50 doctorft Beers and Trivia Tonight!
Yay Monday!
I wonder why Noah didn't kill all of the mosquito's when there were only two...
congrats on the awards.
Thanks to everyone who helped us get 2nd place for Best of Show
Did we just decide to get shawsted for the second time in one day?
If you move.
Next year I'll be lost.
I am already lost without you being here.
So promise me you won't leave like the others.
Don't forget!
RT any of our tweets today and be entered in a doctorwing for a 25 gift certificate!
Happy Friday!
Thanks for the follows!
Keep in touch.
: Real friends don't get offended when you insult them..
They smile and call you something even more offensive.
You get to meet a lot of different breeds  sounds like a great experience!
I am beginning to realize that you lied to me and you're like all the rest I've known.
Not really surprised but upset, cuz I liked you...
find someone who will change your life, not just your relationship status.
welcome to Don't fuck it up.
Thankful to have recently reconnected w someone truly on same wavelength as me.
Excited to see what we can produce together!
shout out to all the niggaz with no legs watchin'
All My Instagramers, Follow For All The Pics
cheers.
Where's that stated?
Only those things are beautiful which are inspired by madness and written by reason'.
Mark your calendars!
The next will be in the first week of March!
Details coming soon!
I'm extremely disappointed that capitalism hasn't given us a product that embodies all four of these likes.
Justin Bieber please follow me on twitter and please like this page.
Why so gushy on White?
Write his bio?
Be a journalist and tell the story.
Loved the reporting, but lacked fearlessness.
Models if you're in ATL........
I will be Giving away FREE PHOTO SHOOTS tomorrow......Ask me for details....
Pumped for the game tonight with and !
Go Nats!
Follow me on Keek!!!?
: its 'heyitsmarywallace' :
RE: Camaro  I want one, too!
My girl gotta b bad like the
I remember when WIGN was my jam..
I was forever wutangin' to that song.
Thx for the follow!
bring me some!!lol
On behalf of the entire Mixed Reactions family, Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
FF for some reason you always remember certain glass bottles, never plastic ones
yes!
cant't wait buddy
SanDiego friends worth mentioning
at what library are you?
My dad just said so what if your brother is distracting you when you are studying?!
Haha okay ill purposely get a 75 now
It's larceny??
to remove dirt from the Gingko Petrified Forest State Park.
Larceny....for dirt.
Dang that's serious
Hey , how are you?!
It's been too long.
Thanks for the RT...
always appreciated.
Have an amazing week.
;D
They say you try so hard in life to just be pushed down ..
Well my come back is I'll just hit the b.....
Back !
School make a niga wanna kill his self.
fucking tired.
My handwriting stinks, and digitizing doesn't help!
But I like Penultimate for sketching storyboards or ideas for slides.
I have tried to know absolutely nothing about a great many things, and I have succeeded fairly well.
oh I think I'd do a lot more ;
Pray I get this job: FingersCrossed 3
hey can you follow me
u mad?
thought I got a text and was like, whoa who's Alarm?
omg
I stalk your tweets :D and I'm not sorry because your boyfriend has learnt me that ; hihihi
Happy Monday Austin!
It's the last work week before Christmas...
Ho Ho Ho!
nice day out
why didn't i think of that?!
i prob could put it in a ziplock bag too.
needs more energy
RT : Reds' 3rd place finish in NL Central extended their streak of not finishing last to 28 years, MLB's longest active run.
I'd be a step closer?
Lol
Where will the music go next?!
Caught Hanna on HBOwhat a terrific, intelligent, stylish thriller.
A modern fairy tale ...
great filmmaking!
oh man...
so my twitter is going really fast!
lol
Sorry!
If only I had known!
Next time, for sure.
Wishing the best to our WI friends and hopes for a great conference!
gain 550 followers by in 5 hours by following guranteed!
In Ichiro we win...
Kelli..
Just listnd to Letter to Daddy...
OMG!
I Wonder made me cry 1st time I hrd it too but but DAMN!
ACM need to honor u!
12 team PPR keeper.
Please pick 3 keepers: Rice, J Charles, Nicks, Graham, Stafford, Manning, FJax, or Best?
Please Help!
ThingsIHate Mood swings
Your mom called.
She wants you to buy an Orlando home today.
Just popped in Fanny Ara's flamenco class in Oakland  so effn hardcore, so awesome!
: The bra section is the only place you fail if you get an A.
Calling GOP idiots does no good.
They just go all eye for an eye  call Dems idiots.
Which is, of course, ridiculous.
Usually.
My lizard Lucy is going crazy.
At PTA meeting and feeling very advanced in years.
But I can still run 13.1 miles.
Perspective.
lmao I no what a polo is !
I'll pick something ill out next time
Ba hahaha!
That's hilarious.
RT I still gotta deal with this nonsense
your welcome man :
Just landed in SF!
thanks for the follow.
BOOM!
Got it....
K bye lol
Poppin ya arm out the socket is not the best feelin in the world.
Dialup doesn't really work with a lot of the Internet multimedia.
thanks for following me!
: :
My ex had this very annoying habit, breathing.
OMG I ALMOST forgot that today is sexual wednesday!!!
:D
unfortunately I do know what you speak of, I've had enough of closeness and commitment research
Do Truth and Kofi get to use the Freebird rule with Lil Jimmy?
U feel like im talkn to u..bitch nigga read dis tweet....I AM!!
this just in.
North Carolina declares itself a bag of shit.
We're closed on Monday, but we'll be ready for you on Tuesday!
Our Acme Tuesday Special is an AllAmerican Combo for just 4.25!
There were all those times when Jets receivers weren't even looking at Sanchez, I want to know what that was about.
raw10 I dont curse, I do cuss.
2 diff things.
Cuss is bad words.
Curse is a spell, like eating spaghetti from a stranger, dont c u n 5 yrs
The 1911 Chinese revolution anniversary is in October...
Learn about a fascinating American from that era at homerlea.org 
thats why you be ignoring me?
And I meant thank you for being brilliantly funny..
Sorry the tweet was cut short.
Haha
Selena Is Our Love Song we love you
I'm watch a madea movie
Pinterest is fascinating: 21 of users purchased a product after seeing a photo on site; 33 report purchasing food/cooking items.
she shed a lot?
oh watch out.
Nicole has a twitter
Ahh, now.
To eat pizza.
Up fo it?
OH: Anti Insurgency Con Ops!
gurl we gonna party
Should I be embarrassed?
My first album was She's So Unusual by Cyndi Lauper.
What was yours?
don't laugh...
rick ross
Have a reason to celebrate this weekend?
Do it w/ VIP Bottle Service !
Call our VIP hostess SHELBY at 707.567.1580 to book now.
OK, I'll bite!
I'm guessing Jr.
or Smoke.
Am I close?
;
Today seems brighter, somehow.
Wonder if it has anything to do with the NL winning  a Brave being named MVP?
Ii Want Some Trail Mix!
it's a little bit of hate the sinner, not the sin in this case!
And yes, I know that quote is completely wrong!
BABY it's
Every time a guy ask what my name is in a club I can't help but say stupid shit like Tunchi 
night babygirl.
i love you : and check tumblr too.
; there's something there for you ; i love you
Off work but don't want to go home ugh
She sounds hideous!!
: So Jake from SateFarm, what r u wearing?
Khakis.
Lol 
thanks baby...
And u don't have to wait up for me I'm ok...
But that's sweet of u!!!
it's horrible!
Lol
I can lean on our double asswhipping on you this season if you prefer.
:
Omg I wish we were together...I'm going to celebrate my first CincoDeMayo now that I'm finally 21 and all :D
I've got mine!
DodgerOpeningDay TweetBlue : Opening Day is SOLD OUT
Wow  development/ObjC side too, or just design?
Syracuse.....
not impressed.
To be honest they haven't impressed me at any point this year.
you're killing me.
your next mixtape is like my own personal Detox
I am feeling very lonely these days!!
I need attention..
?
?
anyone out there??
Smorgit  SmorgME!
Not too bad actually!
Lots of ingredients but easy to follow the recipe.
DO IT.
The recipe also makes like 6 batches.
yumm!
Don't become so immersed in your job that you put your doctorams on hold.
Let your job help finance your doctoram.
You don't have to be regular.
talking abt social business relationships strategy for building accelmad build audience not fans.
: Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall.
What a beautiful spring day!
No room for improvement.
MN Schools Apply for the MAEF Spotlight Award!
Spotlight Excellence in Achievement, Innovation /Technology,  Community!
www.maefboard.com
So I'm going to go up to south dakota in a about 30 minutes to escape the storm...I've got 4 seats available, anyone want to join?
Missing my baby already :
RT havent been this full in a while, due to my diet.
feels good
We love coming down to Asheville from the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia.
Great Food, people and music.
Love Hector's food...
i certainly hope so
yes you did!
Meant to introduce myself.
Want to get coffee soon?
Got into the tub in his underwear and socks, I proved my mom that I'm sober
I was just about to mention this game to y'all Hahahaha not looking good Cass..
I hope everyone marked their calenders.
FREE COMIC BOOK DAY is MAY 5th.
Come to Otherworlds early for your free comics.
Quantity is limited.
forgot it was eastern time!
guess you can't dial in late?
bizarre...
Departing Port Townsend, low clouds, against wind and tide
Hundoctords gather at service to recall Tucson attack  KOLDTV Hundoctords gather at service to recall Tucson attack KOLDTV AP Entertainment
Excited for dinner date with tonight at First time there...
What should we get?
Remarkable Milwaukee was anything but, how many old white dudes does it take to change a city?
I hope zero.
What do you want to try?
Why wait!
how patriotic of you!
and what'd you think?
:
An Honest Hard Working Man or Woman Deserves A decent job, Affordable Housing and Healthcare.
Whats the Future look like for You?
Pissed OFF
Heyy I love you twitter skin, looks super and I am super proud of you, looks cool!!
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
Zig Ziglar
you know what's ugly?
society, insecurity, judgement.
you know what isn't?
read the first word..
Thanks for the link.
No I haven't read, but looking forward to checking this piece out.
I can feel the energy.
So like I'ma scream when I see your hot face on my tv tonight.
K bai
oh man...having too much fun.
ThingsIGetAlot did u paint your nails yourself?!?!
Directed at the wrong audience?
That info is more important for learners.
A teacher can't force learning using science.
Omfg I really wanna eat pizza right now !
M...
This week I've discovered that I'm really proud of the bad eatting habits that I've already broken.
Last night Passion Play Tonight Passover Seder Tomorrow Recovery Service followed by Easter Sunday worship
Mikey RT if you wanna come teach a class in Canada one day
Ladies Night  Cellar Wine Bar Every Tuesday Night GNO 1/2 off select wine flights.
Andoctor Balazs is planning to revamp the Standard East Village hotel, the former Cooper Square Hotel, he bought and renamed last year
Email sent!
I look forward to hearing from you.
How do you judge God's blessings to be present in your life?
What do you need to see?
oh no!!!
thats not good!
feel better
River Monsters makes me never wanna step foot in a river or lake again.
Care too little, you will lose them Care too much, you will get hurt 
dm me after april 1 then I'll see what I can do.
I'm busy tight right now.
thanks.
enjoy your day.
Thanks for the RTshe's one of my favorites, too.
We are trending on Twitter!
W00T!
RT : Destination Imagination is trending right now!!!
Soo much love
I had never had an opportunity to listen to Vin Scully before, but he's fantastic.
Really like that it's only him on the Dodgers' broadcast.
We're getting a report from in LA w/ more on Donald doctorver on DWTS coming up in a few minutes
Wha hoo!
Starting the blog will be GREAT!
Make sure to check out the girls  stratejoy.com for inspiration!
:
Very nice ;p
don't be sorry breh.
If you don't remember it, It didn't happen
Marlins Park looks pretty blah.
Wtf?
TeamFollowBack follow me I follow back!
Idea: Fire Currie today, keep Martin  Snyder tomorrow?
being doctorgged thru the mud, never felt so good
I'm too stubborn to be truthful
They treat him like shit
isn't it amazing when you get on twitter, and you pop up in every single tweet?
Hahaha.
What ingredient are you NOT particularly fond of?
I hate moving!!!
14th Annual Booze Broads  Hot Rods San Francisco, Saturday, April 14, 2012!
Save the date!
www.boozebroadsandhotrods.net
Attention Prog Rock Heads!!!
We've got some prog coming your way.
Stay tuned to Vatorvision m/
Cats only grow up on the outside.
Can't wait for Thursday to get here.
See what Vampire Diares has in store.
True.
I loved Owen Meany the book.
The film did that brilliant piece of writing no justice at all.
Gravity is working against me, and gravity wants to bring me down.
Camping got the whole world listing to him.
You could learn from that!
side note I'm starting a support group for all Rapture survivers.
Street doctorams
up watchin Wrong Turn 3 ..
thinking why am i up so early ?
Gone Madison!!
Omw to work 
I know that feeling i didnt feel like going 2 work but u cant make no money at home working 24hours.
is the word!
Hello, How's the writing treating you?
thanks for the RT.
Glad you liked the presentation!
There's no way Instagram is worth 1 Billion....I'm in the wrong business
So it's bout to RAIN?!
I'm gonna be no good for date night sigh // don't worry...
You already have him!
Ugh....it's hard choosing between something u want and somethin that ur best guy friends what's for u...like idk...
Glad you are feeling better
Snyder be mad at me !!!
i can make pasta like a boss ;
RT : amazing work Maria Madera my business cards are outta sight!!!
Thanks Maria is AMAZING!!
spiritday I'm wearing purple today because we all should feel free to be who we are...without fear or shame
Freezing in my office.
Thinking about tonight
Great catchingup!
WeSupportMahone :D tweet it!
Baby woodpeckers in the giant saguaro.
When the parents swoop in with tidbits, the din is enough to wake you from a sound sleep.
I love your new name.
KILL THE BITCH.
:
also, doctorams can be a real bitch
I had a great time last weekend at the Bahamas cruise.
ok.
things finally turned around on the homefront.
getting a new waterheater.
whats up lil buddy.
You are a great singer.
Ball So Hard!!!!!!!
This shit crazy how they snapping like this Niggas in Paris
For MG  my tween kids loved The Gollywhopper Games.
I haven't read it, yet, but it's one they both were glued to.
I think I like my new role in MSFT way too much.I was supposed to spend my wknd coding for my side project instead of writing design docs :
I have maintained a highenergy positive attitude for far longer than a person should  I am exhausted.
TGITh
Awesome day again.
Great weather, baseball season started, an this neighborhood rocks!
you were due
when guys actually give a fuck about u 3
I used to date
Champion Swag
An old man came up to me the other day outside of a QT and said Hey kid did you know that the more birthdays you have the longer you live!
dance practice now,gotta get that plea perfect
any day i can run 3.5 miles, pick up my doctor cleaning, and do the dishes before 9am is a guaranteed win.
why did u cut half his face off lol!!!
Cause all the wrong Men say the right things
I enjoyed hanging out at Rao's Bakery in Spring for an early dinner.
dang!!
You need to get on that.
man.
that sounds AWESOME.
doctorKE  Do Right And Kill Everything
Poor Gabe!!!
RT : She said: I don't even like sex, it feels like getting tackled by a skeleton.
Mind was fastforwarding to such diverse elements as fear, surprise, ruthless efficiency and an almost fanatical devotion...
Good morning.
Take steps closer today to realize your doctorams.
My prayers go out to her.
I'm sorry, if you ever need someone to talk to I'm here for you3
Dtf or what?
??
I am needing PLL back right now
FN2S is looking into Falcon tickets give aways for students.
Fall 2012
Oh yeah, Pizza is a given.
Students don't show up for anything that doesn't provide pizza around here.
Any notable Neudorf wine and cuisine pairings you can suggest for the weekend ahead?
Then there are those who suffer from grave emotional and mental disorderseven THEY have a chance, if they have the capacity to be honest!
Thanks for checking out our site.
Happy New Year!
AfghanAmerican Chamber of Commerce to host USAfghanistan Business Matchmaking Conf.
Nov.
1315 in D.C.
www.aacc.org
followed them!
Can u follow back?
im soo tired winterjam was amazing sunday night skillet was the best part : 3
Def of credit hour includes AND EQUIVALENCIES How will you define an equivalent measure?
Waiting for your innovation
: Monte be straight up ballin out there for GS!!
AllStarsnub LBJ knows wats up.
re mus exhibit  may depend on topic, more or less
The neck tattoo costing Dallas
like right up the street it's my moms friends house..
I have to share a room
FAMILY is my Heart.
What a lovely property.
Enjoy Beverly Hills.
is beautiful.
Im tanning while the sun is still out.
Did not know you are in Denver!
Know you are probably busy...but we live not far from downtown.
Glad you have great weather today.
follow you won't regret it
Just built one third of a snowman.
Proudly raising my hand.
Photos to come.
RT Raise your hand if you are doctorssed as a HungerGames character at work today!
haha yes you were right.
:/ I hope I can move on and find someone new.
I ain't lazy,I'm tired.
Can't you just understand that?
Analyzing spreadsheet data is difficult after a long day and belly full of amazing southern cooking
I'll put my money where my mouth is regarding Haiti.
Help these people.
They would return this favor
i have never seen a person with a hoodie tucked into their pants
Long day.
It's Pandora Time.
BuffaloSPringfield this afternoon.
Followed by MayerHawthorne.
did you ever find it?
using FRBR record as key and mets/mods/whatever as value.
Getting away from sql database and working inmemory.
If i woke up next you CieraMariexoxo
Playing at Backside Records today in Burbank!
Gonna be fun!!
:
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Why are you eating my food?
O.o
thanks for the retweet!
ill get at u wen im ready 2 match!
As we approach dating hr: If you're dating a writer  they often sing Cristina Aguilera's Fighter, just know you're being written about.
Are you looking for a way to promote your business?
How about a commercial, web video, or be in our promotional video.
Call us 8564239233
I hate it when my mentions won't load
at hochunk you'd get a few 1/2 games and small limit games...potty spreads 3/5 and some larger PLO games if you can get to mke
you're killing me!
My picture keeps going out and I need my fix!!!!
Would like to get linked to that piece once it's up!
Woot!
I'll tell doctor Daly you and said hey!
:
Hey bizforum.
doctorpping in for a bit
I love how u always have something positive to say!!
Possibly, but I made it clear that you're dumber than a dead monkey so congratulations on realizing your inferiority.
Indeed!
Good luck!
I'm interested in outcomes.
Welcome to Twitter MG!
Follow her!
Taking my mom to the airport!
I'ts too early for me.
BoysFavoriteLine Send me a pic.
Send me a pic.
Send me a pic.
Just ordered new business cards from , excited to get them in the mail soon!
me too!
Last time VIP got sold out in the presage so I hope I get them on time
Shoot going down friday for Follow Me
If u follow me and I dont follow back let me know and I will.
NowPlaying: Still Perfect, by
Do guys husband train in dog years?
Maybe I just have 7 more years of nagging  then we're set.
this is gross but I support it.
DalPogetto mayB more /hr than warrented.If orchard is mature ag aspect not2complex,any areaCPA w/good local reputation can help.
Love your tweets!!
yea!!
Thank you!!
The things I would do to Zac Efron in The Lucky One...
lol i was do nervous when she was grading it
well im going too sleep, goodnight lil sis, love you 
RT Amazing night :
Saying goodbye to my hometown on Long Island NY, and looking forward to my next visit in a few months.
I will miss you.
Haha Nahh you don't got nun
U should hear his mom sing...
but she's too shy ; He comes by it honestly...
RT : Lake Show...
I'm here nugga!!!
Stretching  carbloading to prep for Seattle Invitationals amateur Elvis impersonator competition.
Saturday night at EMP.
Thankyouverymuch.
i wish i could go up to him and say hi but i am so freakin scared
your tweets about me are mean lol jk :p i miss you i cant wait to come back!!
What a great day  thatcamp lac!
Can't wait to talk with the folks at chnm tomorrow.
How can LACs  R1s productively collaborate?
Even the white ones lmao !
Complete sentence.
Today has been one amazing day!
I love you !
Both teams wanted to lose that game.
Grizzlies were terrible for 11/12 of the fourth quarter
I am 50000 unable to take my own advice.
it's gunna be a great season
Pop Quiz!
What campus do you find the Valencia Productions Studio?
Bonus Points  Building  Room Number!
The U.S.
Army Brass Quintet will present a recital and master class on Sunday, April 15, at 8:00 pm, in Goodwin Recital Hall.
did you like it?
I didn't really, miss MOTM1
Samplesaint's CEO is working late thinking about developing an iPhone application.
that coachella comedown.
and it's 45 degrees here.
what's up sexy man of love let's get naked tonight and have a dance party with just u and me I want tell anyone
Probeef powers are wrong: no one smeared pink slime.
Many eaters however prefer avoiding smeary dirty beef trimmings cleaned with ammonia
Selection Sunday is just over a week away!
MarchMadness!
Relaxing right now having a cocktail
I really want some jalapeno crunchers.
man I need to get my hands on two pair of foams this weekend
He turns my pages!
Bring to a boil, reduce  cover.
Simmer for 3045 min.
It is traditionally served with rice, but I am sure quinoa would work too
yeahh that might be scary lol
Eternity is a mere moment, just long enough for a joke.
You're back!
Missed you.
she goes home after her scenes.
a little moses man told me.
Let's not act like Mercy is a good song.
thanks for the follow!!
i dont think you need make up
In Minneapolis...where in the hell are my palm trees?
Haha, missing the ocean already.
Bachmann should spend less time worrying about immigrant knowledge of US history  more time learning it herself
hey gorgeous
Can't wait to listen to podcast of The Sunday Edition with your interview about Adoctorenne Rich!
I must be bored this am this is the most I have tweeted in a 10 min span
i got my midterm back, and i got a 47 in science :/
for what?
Rocked my face off with at the inde sf on Saturday.
You guys rule!
I'll do your sound anytime :
I knew I could count on you
Of course I can't smoke in this parking garage; we need to breathe in these car exhaust fumes.
Martin: I've accompanied on 100s of trips 2 congress to work on bipartisan, bicameral reauthorization of
So Josh Hamilton will be the subject of the best sports movie ever right?
I'm hoping either a Steve James doc or a weird J Reitman biopic.
Carrot Apple Ginger juice, yummy!
The lottery for the charter school in ID for the girls is April 14th.
We should know by May 1st if they got in or on the waiting list.
Alright, time to start actually using this Twitter account, today the lockout ends and it's the day we start painting Twitter green!
3 days of type sorting later and we have made it most of the way through organizing 100 doctorwers of type
This semester has pretty much been a never ending day.
I just completed a 3.48 mi run with a 31:14 pace using Check out my route in Oklahoma City!
soc.li/4sCyDu
Yall check out my boy
lmaoooooooooooo woahhh ?
what that mean ?
aha
Watch Food Inc.
This incredible documentary will change the way you purchase food.
This is an incredible eye opener.
Go organic!!!
Thanks see you when youre back
student works symposium
Teaching Fire!
And the Insurance Industry at for insurance professorssionals.
EJ got me throwd!!
gym, jobhunt, then another day of deStressing at 's pool
National Weather Svc.
issues a wind advisory for LI over the weekend; forecasting winds between 323 mph with gusts as high as 43 mph.
Thanks for spreading the word.
Hope we get to see you at the next pickup!
Missing out on a petting zoo is not something I would normally do, but I suppose there is always next year.
Thanks for the follow, we're looking forward to following the hashtags  learning about exciting new wines!
you all need time.
Also, while ur comparing to presidents, make sure he doesn't have anymore Monica Lewinsky moments.
Looking 4ward to ICE!
on Sat.
Two million pounds of ice sculpture!
If you didn't already know, PL also posts tweets exclusively for new CRE property listings.
Follow the eMarket blasts
Paul Bigot says the legal doc in Trayvon Martin case was troubling enough!
More troubling was the hate crime!
Murder of a child!
ahem, is pretty much 3 weeks away.
just sayin.
Nobody ever cares how I feel.
i was stunned a few years ago when visiting austin and trying to catch a bus.
the area i was in had no sidewalks!
yes!
Delicious :
well no..
he could talk to them and say listen, we have an international congregation that doesn't like needless pity.
thank you hun!!
;
RT : It's certainly necessary to value of innovative ideas beyond your own experience  origins
You're a nut!
You crack me up, go figure..
thanks!
There is a solid core at  H'ville.
Excited to see what HE does at the new site.
U guys r doing a great job
When you check it out get back at me SOME FEED BACK WOULD BE GREATLY APPRECIATED

sure lets see it
Working as fast as we can!
:
if you think you can simply press rewind, you must be out of your mind, son.
The Game just got another season on bet.
Hey, it's OK, this is a history conference
They all seem happy to be having a short break from their normal work.
HA i seen her yesterday and today...I WIN!
:p
Men succeed when they realize that their failures are preparations for their victories.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I don't mind anonymity, but should we be held accountable to every single comment, whether they know what they're talking...
Treasury market activity Tuesday suggests mortgage rates are moving much higher.
We were robbed!
So grateful to experience that with you!
Love You!
didn't a rod hit a HR earlier
I'm not Colin, but I know him personally.
Hope you're having a great day!
Sad I can only make 1st day of cildc, but presos by  made it worthwhile.
Thx for frontloading the awesome.
You know what I'm wondering?
Am I better at soccer than Ronaldo who cares that he has new shoes?
I'd like to be better just to not care.
I Live With Friends:P
My buddy Devon and I loved that movie so much, we used to spray paint Slaughter High all over this bridge in Peoria.
In Norfolk with Delbert McClInton.
Showtime in an hour.
Having a blast.

Riding round and Getting it'
My following to followers ratio SUCKS ASS!!!
lol : sadface Someone help me out
lots of love today.
Happy Valentine's Day!
One of the biggest obstacles to social media marketing is thinking like a business owner, not the customer!
cheers Jamie.
I'm on my way.
Bob do they actually have noodles in Mongolia?
Bulls in 6.
Done and done.
Ford isn't selling cars directly through Facebook.
They think of ROI as return on efficiency.
At the OLE session
fuel band has calorie counter.
U already have gps with iPhone.
's little brother Blake is so cute.
i can't even.
He's just a cutie.!!
bust in my mouth
Still Grindoctorbanned, so no tricks tonight.
GODDAMNIT 
Parks  Rec homage to thevoice is hilarious
theres nothing more dangerous than a charming man
I appreciate you too lil Momma queen Goddess.
Muah!
I am from LA I am not used to this racist East Coast attitude flowing through DTLA we don't do that here in middle class places.
Oh dear, just got an email telling me about a mothers day sale...
Is it that time of year already???
sheesh!!!
Thanks for following!
Please spread the word!
Been a while on TWITTER FOLLOW LILPRINCETON143 FOR MIXTAPE N FIRST NEW EXCLUCIVE
RomCon FFP Dinein  The Rules: Thou may bring a formal complaint against a visiting delegation for violation of rules.
Nice of you to share a link today....
trying to hog all the la rosita for yourself
Mirrors cant talk  lucky for you they cant laugh.
LOL!
Well my love is for SaaS businesses, so we would need computers to do the work, but I think it has potential :
I definitely will  it's my favorite holiday!
dont even know what i did  whatever.
Is anyone at all concerned about NDAA ??
Life, liberty, pursuit of happiness.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt
feel better soon and be careful!!
learned another video production lesson the hard way.
He is not here...He is risen indeed!
I'm sure we'll see plenty on the clearance rack...
thanks so much!
We work hard to try and be as creative as we possibly can :
I like that song.
It styck even better the second time too.
: Nice job!
Casting!
Do you know anyone in a bad relationship?
Time for a love intervention?
Email your story to:
Wow!
Finally,
well some people asked him questions and he replied back to a few...none of mine though :
My iTunes Shuffle feature is sucking big time.
I'm hating everything.
I mean motive in a teleological sense.
Billion Dollar Idea: ChildCancelling Headphones
It is for anyone interested in interaction design  development, with specific emphasis on the realm of User Experience.
being weird is awesome.
Why would anyone not want to be like us?
duh.
B Shutz: 3 stakeholders in OA publishing: researchers, institutions, and publishers.
Scholars often not considered
When people think you'll always give them rides just because you have a car
The Queens in Queens?
Who'da thunk it.
: Have fun!
You do not need an agency to promote your talent, God is your greatest fan and promoter,waiting to show off your gifts BELIEVE!!!!!!!
I could continue seeing people loosing everything after catastrophes  this I why we worked on an insurance company for Fonkoze clients.
The AxMan cometh!
Congrats, Alex!
RT : RT : excited of PRWeek is joining 's reporting staff in midmay.
I slept and ate at the Hilton too, but i don't live there...
fairy tale corporation rules are STRICT.
BREATHLESS on the big screenit's not the jump cuts but the FrancoAmerican obsessions that make an impression this time.
they have been picking them and will continue through Wednesday.
Hope this help :
Send a Direct Message to win.
Only followers can win the autograph
Productivity is a great sense of accomplishment, especially for a
you got the juice now!
What lens did you have on your GH1?
me too!
Everybody cries...Everybody hurts....sometimes....
Musical term of the day: a nessuna cosa  to nothing; an indication to hold a fermata until it dies away
One of my nieces gave me some photos when she was at LA and I was just like  ................
Dafuq : 
Did you know the smallest available size in twilight tshirts is xl?
And they do NOT come sleeveless.
I'v been staying away from politics for the last month due to anger issues, but I watched tonight, and I'm very proud of my Pres.
Thanks Kim!
Xoxo
Real difficulties can be overcome.
It is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable.
Theodore N.
Vail
congrats on your tweetdom
we know that there is no way she tweeted 1,000x.
no fooling here.
It's on like donkey kong.
Do one thing every day in the direction of your doctorams.
J P Blake
Good stuff.
Been doing a lot of thinking around that topic lately.
Rangers beat the Caps in the second round in 1994 to set up the Conference Final with NJ.
Not sayin'...just sayin'
GO ODEN!
D
Me too!
RT : Thanks so much to for your hospitality at FUEL's Purely Social last night.
We had an awesome time!
What in the hell motivates people to go on shows like Wife Swap?
Getting ready to change the way you look at T.V.!
3D without glasses I have it now!
Just trying to be the Black Bill Gates!
Thanks so much for the follow!
that's good what's ur plans for this short week
Crowd at O'Neill starting to grow a bit  I want to see this plaza full
Ha you never tell me anything anymore.
You better be glad God gave yur black ass rain, instead of a tornado
Had you mentioned several times in my Power Group at The Actors' Network!
Looking forward to going to the next tweetup!
:
Also, hope the success continues while life is able to slow down enough for you to enjoy the important things in life.
I got you
tannehill the wait game?
I like him cause he played wr like Big Ben.....can do nothing but help know where the wr will be..will see
Jungle Boogie!
is presenting at our next program.
Have you ever used Yelp.com?
That stinks that it is what I was told, I would have used  for upgrade!
Poor info/customer service not happy.
The only reasons to use pottermore are to settle on a wand and house.
Hazel and doctorgon, Thirteen inches, Unyielding.
Ravenclaw.
Today sucked ass..
Im happy doe 
Beach balls gotta stop..pointless tradition..unfair to kids playing biggest game of their lives..only negative in Omaha
you didn't want that one???
That thing is awesome!!
:
I'm always tryin to do that
hshaha Sophie gets angry at all homework
the crazy Btch might burn your house down.
I like to watch the flames from across the street, it reminds me of Christmas.
Thanks glad to hear it.
Tweeting should not be my hobby at 6:55am...
What happen to the bands of yester year!!
Cameo ,Earth Wind and Fire, The Ohio Players you know...good music!!!
Sacbeerweek continues to roll on...What are you doing today?
We're still recovering from Capital beerfest..
Including me.
thank you...xoxo
RT: : wait, itunes doesn't even sell greatest hits?
what the hell am i supposed to do now?
freesoundsbetter!
They're people that are talented and theyre are people who arent but have alot of friends.
I really, really don't want to see a RangersYankees ALCS....hoping the Rays can pull something out.
While u SCREAM  ur woman ders a man wishin he could talk softly 2 her ear While u HUMILIATE OFFENDINSULT her ders a man flirting wit her 
And when its cold outside I got the month of may
: I seen this weekend.
What a wonderful surprise ; I love u n I'm very proud of you...
Sad for
My pleasure.
;
Yes.
And I would hope not to pee my pants while doing so.
OH: You should use something that's intuitive to use, like PowerPoint.
Greeks Head To Polls Amid Anger, Doubts Over Euro Future  Wall Street Journal
We are pleased to announce that has become one of our partners!
They'll be added to our website shortly!
FOLLOW them!
Just tapped Lost Abbey/Port Brewing Mongo IPA
We have a corporate paralegal/legal assistant position available!
Interested?
Send us a message?
Hope is that thing that allows us to hold on to the notion of love  Kiera Condon
I passed both last year cause they were easy.
I have four this year  geometry and global are soo hard so I think I'm gonna fail
Happy Birthday I love you!!
Hope you're having a great day!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SASHA:
Allergic reaction to some liquor....
Smh...
Swag 
PLEASE GO FOLLOW !
THEY DONATE MONEY FOR EVERY 100 FOLLOWERS !
HELP THEM MAKEACHANGE BY ONE CLICK OF A BUTTON3
just called u
Spring is certainly on it's way.
Awoke to the abrupt sound of what must be 10 robins outside my window.
really?
and I was just about to shave it!
Lol I  that lol RT : If I need some I get the real thing lol u a mess!!!!
Wow goldsboro I am impressed.
bonfirestortillabar is delicious.
As a vegetariancitygirloutsider, I send you a genuine thank you.
Supposedly Royal Caribbean is interested in building a tourist road from Port Labadee to Milot, Haiti.
anyone know anything?
Yeah dude.
I feel like that is the only option out there right now.
Sad...
hi there!
Been a while!
Creepy note: I miss you.
Starbucks  Internet  Music  Comfy bed  This is my Sunday.
My life.
Cats  dogs were my fav Super Bowl spots.
VW dogs strikes back, Doritos dog buries cat  Hyundai cheetah were singleminded and funny.
I sent that bitch a smily face....
Bitches love smiley faces
RT No worries, the world needs as many creative people as it can find.
No matter where I fly or what airline, my flight always is the furthest gate in the terminal
I did.
thanks for this!
I'm excited to see the movie
Hellz yeah today is has been a truly HEARTfelt.
So proud to be a part of it!
Thanks for following!!
3
Make a video highlighting your product or business and place it both on your website and such other sites as YouTube.
aam10 search results incomplete Found this gem tho: MuseumTrekker RT : collaboration with other institutions is key theme
Always welcome!
twitpic or it didn't happen!
;
FREE DC BOY of Splurge Gang got court monday.
Welcome!
We hope you are successful in a new hospice for young people in the North West
though i understand how the idea of targeting the superrich focuses the Occupy movement  others
Gah!
Well my reachout to you is going to be Blue Moon Baking Co.
goodies.
:
By beaten, do you mean gotten through both error codes?
:p
this phone call 
GET YOUR POLITICS OFF MY ONRAMP.
:D
Revising.
This is when I have to talk out all of the weasel words and bad phrases and cliches...
Well, most of them.
yes you have to pay for the pro version.
it seems to be the popular choice it bought twapperkeeper.
RT : RT: S/O to Ohio for making it's way to the tournament.
Lucroy needs some lessons.
The journey is the reward.
Chinese Proverb
Has your plate ever seemed so full that you feel paralyzed?
I have no friends.
Just saw Peter Shankman's keynote.
Gonna be hard to top that
Four scientist killed...
Will this assassination create an issue between US and China or Russia?
lol jeez you are on this !!
This MFker found all 3 of my twitter accounts  2 of them I don't even use
sea Coffee or Tea?
So, are we still on for dinner tonight?
When, where should I met y'all?
Post gallery night cocktails served here!
NY or LA
Thats funny, my other car is YOUR mom too
hey everyone...
more hacked junk coming to you from my account.
sorry.
i'm taking steps now to fix.
Ugh I can never fucking sleep.
All I do is think of you and wish you were mine again.
I wish she would just go away 
Some good tennis tonight as the young American Ryan Harrison takes on Andy Murray of GBR at the Australian Open.
is amused her mother is making a practice it's about time cake  not a congrats cake, an it's about time cake.
always looking for photogs to submit fashion shots for inclusion HINT HINT LOL
Is L14 an amusing failure or an amazingly successful run?
I can't decide.
slowly falling in love with maternity line....
what you think about hitting up one of these Reds v.
Cards games this weekend?
Just got the psp phone its sick
send me Some Of you talkin bro
You're right.
They're SUPER off.
Its Nickelback.
Obviously.
RT : Thanks for the mention!
The staff was great just like everyone I met in SF!
Definitely coming back.
if the weather permits i'm going up stone mountain tomorrow lol
joking right no one wants to hear munch lisp his way through programing
Congrats!
RT:  : Chef J.C.'s Turpkey Chili winning 2nd place for Most Unique Chili at SoNo Park CHiLiPALooZA!
Just got our new Yaki Tape hair in!
Its amazing!
no more weaves ladies
To all celebrating Jewish New Year: Have a great year ahead of you!
Nice to see old pal at Getty Images VIP event
i think every mother deserves the best because every mother has struggled and been through bad and good situations.
Gotta see it, going again!
YES The Avengers  best action flick in years  worth the wait in line and the 3D/IMax worth the extra .
Watch out!!!
Ellis is finna ball on these niggas
RIP Steve Jobs.
A job well done!
Charles barkley really called that guy a fag on national tv.
Thats too funny
I stays out the way.
omg i wish followed me on instagram.
lol i'd die 3
RT : Ppl who are emotionally unavailable can never be caught..no matter how far or how hard you chase them.
this was christmas before last
like a bunch of alien crickets under the seats, or in the rafters
oh that doesnt seem like a good idea at all.
unless they are adding CS as a mandatory subject in all departments
Imagine A boy is flirting with you:What's your name?'' You:I'm Zayn:And I'm Zayn Malik...her boyfriend Kisses you
Steelers lost!
Fml :
Nowplaying tell me  Bobby.
V 
is making a bourbon bacon ice cream Coke float.
I like your projections..I think it wins but close..52
thats crazy but true....
First time in Tacoma and Seattle, beautiful scenic areas.
Even out of football season, a lot of Seahawks 12th man love around.
you can do it!
I am currently on a bus to Princeton.
The journey never ends.
When were you in Oakland?
I work like a block from that pic you posted
u need the RockUnit get at us Urban Rock n the building song 4 song we winning vegas letsgo!
youtu.be/wfnn0ytDVb0
Giving back to the community is one of the Waffle's favorite pastimes!
it's crazy how ever since I poured coke all over my exstepdad EVERY TEACHER knows me by name!
before none did!
xD
Weston.
but, undoubtedly he could know very little of the matter
Didn't realize that WolframAlpha didn't have it's own crawler.
They license proprietary data sources.
Cool!
SD friends  come to this week and help support Great burgers, good cause.
How could you go wrong?
You're flawless tho, like can I be you?
3
is still at the studio working...Oy!
I think a few Dortmunders are in order I'll be off duty this time around
3WordsForYou I like cotton
so handsome!
First hair trial for the wedding!
Contemplating accessories...
Thanks for the follow!
a bunch of frauds....
why you wearing those shirts???
to make sure the police don't arrest you?
imhappiestwhen im on twitter talking to other beliebers.
That was way to easy
Today's Layoff Bounceback Tip: Follow up on job applicationsmake a phone call, send an email, knock on a door.
Human contact is key!
Guess who's outta work ?
Hard watching these Royals games....
thank you so much love
I hear that a lot.
Tulsa vigil for Trayvon Martin tonight: TU's McFarlin library at sunset.
Organizers say wear a hoodie.
will report live at 9/10
It's unAmerican to be American.
One City Mile makes its debut in Richmond playing alongside Before the Machine and Strike The Chord and Burn Canal Club tonite Doors 7:30
yes, that mcdonalds was amazing
The dark side of the Occupy movement.
nice dude.
Hoop nation this summer!!!
So how do you relieve anger, Yoga?
Zanex?
Big bag of weed?
Current weather in Orlando: 70F  Wind: 3 mph Humidity: 73 HIGH 84 LOW 66
Man looks like by this afternon will need another evasive, vaguely titled, PR rep to cover for
FUCKING TRUTH!
: You can't even imagine the half...
so stop assuming a quarter bitch!
RIP MCA, license to ill until I head out for work...
Did your iphone autocorrect black penis to apple cider?
RT : Hot apple cider makes me so happy
Im Itching For Dese Tats Lol
you look amazing!
Those are the perfect bangs for your face, it's super sexy!
Good luck today nan love you loads!!3
2nd night with Sarah Jones at Nuyorican in NYC.
She loves the twittah!
Ima swag myself out!!!!
Happy Easter!!
Man, 1st friday, free fries and 20 off at Urban Baby...
why can't today be free comic book day too?!
Is your name Katniss?
'Cause dang girl, you're on fire.
Skitzo Starts this week also!
there is no NBC announcement.
were down man!
You want production from us or do you wanna supply the beat?
Let me know and if you got a beat, send it over!
the rain messes up my mood in all kinds of ways
I think you can but I'm not sure D: ask in brannon's room in 8th period and if the yearbook staff is not there, go to merchants
I hate my worn out wallet, getting a fancy new one today!
Dumbest Shit I ever heard.No wait All light skin girls r fineThat 1 is lol :  RT : All darkskin girls are ugly.
Not advocating for more, but how much does a 5 game suspension really affect a starting pitcher?
I have a few TV shows slots on Saturday and Sunday mornings, locally; interested in airing your commercial?
DM for more!
Playing The Green Lantern tomorrow in Lexington.
we go on first so be there at 9p for show time or 830 so u don't miss us!
We did not win the award from tonight, but we're glad we came to the party!
Congrats
S/o to Ms.
Martinez for bringing ' I together.
I love my Naty :
nice start
Walking faster, doctorssing sharper, and good posture are important keys to a good self confidence.
We just landed the BIGGEST Free Agent of all time!!!
broncos manningtodenver LOVETHEBRONCOS RT THIS IF YOU LOVE YOU Broncos !!!
you're so sweet T!!
Today is my Friday Just need 4:00 to hurry up  get here
i respect your opinion i 3 Bella, but that's just my opinion and not everyone is gonna be liked
Verona Area Concert Band tonight!
can someone make the prohibition tag a thing?
cool yesh do that
Lets be real self made
Lookin for a cutie wit a big ol ghetto booty :p
putting out the heat...
Amare, youre doing it wrong
TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK!
:
I've gone all geek in the knees  new favorite phrase.
Thanks and
Great meeting with !
Diabolical, nefarious things are coming...
RTP has leading universitites with streamlined tech transfer programs, but unfortunately, many of these startups do not stay in RTP.
The lab coats the waiters wear at Scotch and Sirloin is kinda weird...
Come home to bitch  NMS
I found the best survival tool for this summer: headphones!
RT if you want Thursday to come here RIGHT NOW.
We all miss TVD.
Let the vampire diaries crew be able to see that we miss them a lot.
On shaky ground: Many Southern California hospitals not prepared for massive quake
finally after years of waiting I'm getting my A logo and believe tatt today
My mother snores like Darth Vader.
Come join the protest at central and San mateo.
Ok Leslie Visser needs to cool it with the plastic surgery or whatever is going on with her face?
PlayDoh?
Is there a Hulu Plus Plus plan with no commercials?
There needs to be one!
Senioritus is being tested to the max this semester
Ooh look how fancy you are!
Freedom's just another word for...
everything to gain, people.
Gave notice at Microsoft today.
New things on the horizon.
chillin, doctorvin to walmart with my mom
Nap or workout?
Or nap, then workout?
wow...the things i learn about Taurus 's
wishing u wld do an event  incorporate some spoken word/ live music so I can come thru  perform..
imjustsayin ;
Calphalon Commercial Cookware  Only the Best!
that soo nice.
ya i heard they were going there, hope u get them
Italian Proverb Well done is better than well said.
Derek Jeter is the first player in Yankee history with 50 hits in the first 30 games of the season.
how you not following me you shit!!
Momma said they'll be days like this, they'll be days like this my momma said
so sad I can't register tomorrow :
Just got so sick to my stomach I do not want to go to court tomorrow
follow cali D productions
Minnesota Vikings39; Joe Webb is solely a QB, and liking it ...
Dear Monday, You float like a butterfly and sting like a bee.
You might need anger management or meditation.
Hope Tuesday's less sassy.
ME
Good Night !
A picture is worth a thousand words.
Napoleon Bonaparte
Rick Santorum travels dead worlds through the doctorams of tortured souls living in the ninth hell.

yea I use twitter
Today's affirmation: I am living in the house of my doctorams.
I'm amused that Sale missing one start makes for an intriguing return.
But I'm paying attention too, so...
On this day in 1821, Pafnuty Chebyshev, considered the godfather of Russian mathematicians, was born.
Oh man, possibly putting in a bid on a house today!
Exciting!
like i saw his last name i was like that's uwas last name but i wasn't sure then his credit card had a chevron logo.
hahaha yeah, i dont go by the real name, its too mainstream, lmao!
dang I'm missing it....too many shows!
No, the trend was short lived and thanks to Cindy Lauper/Limited Express.
When HS started, dayglo was seriously out.
Finally found the one its you 3
Making a new account..
:/ Will to all follow me again.?
No!
You're a smiley face!
was not feeling it this morning!!
now im feelin the pressure to get it in...
Also avoid cooking methods that use significant amounts of oils at high temperatures
good and yours??
I'm in LA today
Game 2: Clippers/Spurs.....WHO U GOT?
I think I just took the longest twitter break ever...
glad to be back tho :
South Florida Business Journal rated Williams Island as number two in the top twentyfive country club communities in South Florida!
nice double today
sry I can't be there 2 show my support 4 u all!!!
I'm Oak Ridge is there in spirit!!!
push right past'em!!!
Do you have water in your basement?
A plumbing pipe that broke?
Water on your floor?
Call Statewide Disaster Restoration 8888229500
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love3 xox.5
Our CSTS ticketing site is still down.
We're giving it all she's got!
Oh.
Wait.
Wrong show.
But we'll let you know when it's back up!
Please don't ruin my good day with your pointless doctorma .
Thanks !
knows that his Fighting Philadelphia Phillies MUST WIN the next 3 out of 4 games to repeat as World Series Champions.
GO PHILLIES!
Don't get it time to library it RT Just took a little time out with Crime  Punishment this weekend loved it!
Attempting to stage a fight with an accordion is hard.
I'd forgotten how gripping the first 15 pages of Octavia Butler's KINdoctorD are.
Phew  gonna have to gulp this down in big doses!
haha I love you
what's the transportation situation?
Very well  we're writing our EP right now  We're just trying to spread the word about uss
Afternoon returns and then it's the weekend!
Sponsorship and product placement galore in NASCAR and daytona500 .
your doing it for the wrong males I'll neverletyourest cause youll
It's raining outside, but it's not inside anytime fitness!
Part of me wants to retweet/spam the Deficit Super Committee members to add poker to their plans, but I fear I'd lose precious followers.
a female
see the world ;
: cuz certain ppl have no lives LOL xoxo hey u how have u been
I shouldn't wear purple, especially when I've longish hair.
Oh well.
even Defoe shouldn't be there.he hardly gets a fuckin game at Spurs.
Crouch and Holt have done way too good to be overlooked.
Word of the Day: moptimized  mobile optimized

Pleasure to meet you....cant wait to learn more.
:
THE HEAT JUST GOT HOTTER WELCOME 2 MIAMI GOHEAT!!
Why don't you get it when I wanna leave I wanna leave
Mt Hood won 3 straight sets to take match 1 vs.
Walla Walla ....
one more match to go!
While My Guitar Gently Weeps is a song written by George Harrison featuring the lead guitar of Eric Clapton.
Jrue Holiday just hit 2 daggers in a row
Going to see warren hood play at Momos.
I like Nin's version better  can come at it from love or hate.
RT : I love algebra.
ARod training in Plantation FL
I'm feeling naughty tonight!
Pabst Blue Ribbon or Miller High Lifes.
Always classy!
Dude nice!
One of my personal faves!
Let me know what you think.
Its kind of a slow burn, but i think its a masterpiece!
One more day till Thursday!!
I need a shave and a haircut...
I'm one missing eye away from being a brown version of the National Bohemian guy.
The thing that makes me love you is the unforgettable smell of your skin  
can you do this behind your back?
without looking?
She is a copy machine!
No Video is better than a Bad Video.
1st impressions are everything.
Web videos are a must have but sloppy performances cheapen your brand
I left my showercap in LA  it's raining here in Bmore.
What am I gon do??
Fattest snare ever.
Girls girls girls.
It's been a while sense I been on twitter I miss all my followers :
Is it Friday yet?
I know :p
The petition has been up only 4 days and already 411 people have signed to keep FLES!!
Looking for HOT BODYSUITS for my fun new music video!!
DM me, email me dolls!
Let's have fun w/ this!
xox
yep I'm up too.
Ok, don't forget you have to share.
TTYS.
:
Join me every Monday night at 10 p.m.
for Dark After Thoughts only on www.pararocktv.com.
DEFICIT OF TRUST.
Brilliant
Excited to bring back great ideas  educate our faculty and staff on how to better communicate w students via social media
Resting before I have to go to work
It's a Flash file.
I should've clarified.
Worth a watch on a PC!
class wats up y u aint txt
I got checked out for nothing.
That is so true .
Goodmorning hope everyone has a great day!!!!
Partying new years eve in LA!!!
...with mom and pop :/
Q3.
It stands for Show Tolerance And Respect.
: to save characters Twitter style, you might have just said TGIF.
FYI.
At the bar
You can't appreciate the time it takes, to kick a love I always knew was kinda wrong.
Baby bring me down, I wanna be right where you are.
3
I think of Spam as being more of an overprocessed pate than a flat hot dog.
Amazing day with the rest of the board, the future is looking awesome.
Lots of work to do too though!
he killed it again!!!
We appreciate you!!
:
I am great.
We need together soon.
I haven't seen you in forever
Three ghosts didnt visit me last night, so I just yelled at some kid to get off my lawn.
He wouldnt have brought back a goose anyway.
If it's your birthday here in twitterville...Happy Birthday To U!
even with my fist pumps last year...and thick accent...and gelled hair?
Can you please remove the hands from your pants it's distracting thank you
Losing innocence.
Remembering heaven.
That was the essence of hell.
John jakes
Cant believe I forgot to bring my mobile device to mlamobiletech webinar!
best thing about wearing sportsbras , is being able to fling your shirt off when it's hot out.
You're nothin but bum, ya bum!
TY for the rapid responses, pleased to be part of a stellar family
a mentally challenged student just called another mentally challenged student a retard
okay seriously why are we tweeting eachother if we're on skype?
Im done...for now...
My brother just hit me in the face I hate him
Siri vs iRis  I'll get some popcorn
shouldbeobvious RT : Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.
we support !
Has already made her happy hours plans for Friday.
Who's got a fun plan for my Saturday???
Hey Tim,If you have a min,could I send you a few tracks?
Unemployment Sucks, Consider Culinary School
Fresh breeze today.
Very nice.
HIGH: 77.
Fire danger through 8 PM w/ Red Flag Warning in effect.
MUCH needed Rain Saturday through Monday!
hahahahah, somehow I feel exactly the same way
Welcome Back and Happy New Year from our kitchen to yours!
would love to hear it :
Thanks for the follow.
You're the best!
wow, that sounds good.
Stuck watching this stupid show GCB WITH
are people having a problem logging on Facebook
Why doesn't Irsay just say it's not you it's me lol so lame
they weren't a better team, AT ALL
oh I'm sure you're going to have a nice time waking up in the morning xD
I have a headache.
Therefore, I want to do nothing.
Go away :l
I dont chase no bitches , i just chase my doctorams .
Thinking that person forgot about you.
But deep down they feel the same way as you
Good girl 3
You get me a cold pop n' it will last forever.
RT : So..
is following me.
How long will this last
Show your ray ray ray
You only get one chance to breathe this in.

Some people are born on third base and go through life thinking they hit a triple.
Barry Switzer
Christmas baking done.....now on to the best part, taste testing!
Merry Christmas everyone!
LOL RT : Ruthie just screamed.
I ran into room to see what happened  thomas is all I DIDN'T DO IT!
Turns out Ruthie saw a spider.
bitterness will hold you back more than the color of your skin ever will.
THAT, sir, is reality.
THey were all singing  they put all the teens up in the front EVERYBODY was criying some lady was making this girl shiver
That's how we do LSU 3
yukokitchen is bomb!
Currently listening to: Tony Bucherati  GAME PLAYER
Is Facebook worth buying?
I feel at this point most of the people have either joined Facebook or decided not to.
Risky investment
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
THANK YOU.
My day just got way better.
My favorite letter is W by a landslide
Looking forward to owning an iPad.
Looking forward to playing SimCity on the iPad!!
It's shinny and has an Apple logo on it.
TY for sending me your article.
Sexism is indeed the problem, not men.
RT : I've realized I'm a douche.
Hm lol
Do not tell me to calm down.
Ever.
Thanks for the heads up Krystal!
I'll make sure to set the record straight!
I'm sure is too busy!
:
Had a great weekend and a great VDay with the best girlfriend ever.
On that grind stacking paper!!
Mad tired.
Money don't make a real man.
A real man makes money!
Peep that!
School already?
Looking forward to the Get Motivated seminar in Seattle today!
it was great!
lol :
I live in Baltimore but my wedding will be in Hagerstown, MD.
Joe Mauer cycle watch.
Needs homer and single.
Third inning right now.
seriously Joanne's is right behind michael's in the bad customer service race.
go read a book
I penetrate her in the mental and the physical...
Get ya knees flexin and ya arms trex'n....
Do the creep!!!
LOL
Who'd a thunk it?
Northern Colorado and most likely CUBuffs in the NCAA Tournament.
So sweet!
We are asking, NO challenging our fans to please help us get 300 likes on facebook we arnt far Please if we get there YOU pick your prize!
: May the fourth be with you.
Never gets old, folks.
bahaha!
Why have I never heard that before?!
:
females are hella weird !
ha
Silence is a true friend who never betrays.
Confucius
wow.
now that's news.
Good morning, dagnabbit.
Tiger misses the cut.
Taken is such an awesome movie.
Proceeding underway, City and Occupy both plan to introduce documents and witnesses, decision could be awhile
Hey, You.
Good Morning.
Let's get some coffee.
oh lol is she with you right know??
WeWontWork if you don't like doing spontaneous things
I'm feeling POWERFUL TODAY!
iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil the lights came on
so a doctorvein from 2007  ok makes sense.
haha just kidding Steve, geez.
maybe his opinion is based on all of his mistresses!
He is sadly misinforming!
u deserve better then
Needed that word GB!
: Don't allow anyone to take your Peace.
God gave that to you so how can u allow someone to take it away.
Interesting article about crime and sports RT: When the home team beats a team ranked higher, crime skyrockets.
Garth Sundem
Thanks for helping spread the word about CTE and TBI!
I had a great night with I miss this girl so much!
have to get ready for practice soon.
:/
I've been all the day feeling unlucky because I know is already caught by nina.
aninconvenienttruth :
didn't work
cuz he's a colt  he wouldn't be back in an executive role if he owns part of Titans
I like how you describe the gmail color scheme as visually offensive
Have you seen the new ship EPIC?
If not let me know I'll send you a video!
I have cabins available 12211 great rates!
haha back atcha big guy.
Get home safe
...is not so common.
omfg i used to talk to you all the time when my twitter name was QuotesBro ;o
hey farva, what's that place you like with all the shit on the walls??
Thursat it was so hot that I didn't want to even be outside and now I'm wearing jeans and sweatshirts?!?
Wtf
: Apparently, zip lines are popular.
lol.
So true!
Late sunday Lunch at BAD burger
I would like to go to Starbucks.
Would anyone like to take me?
:l
we have already spilled a full beer all over the carpet
Coming home 15 minutes early  happy David
Stros will have to eat a ton of cash this season but Myers, Wandy and even Lee will produce good to great value in trades.
Not out here in the burbs where I work.
Downtown?
Who knows.
RT one of the TO's debatable and at some of those shots too.
And OKC defended Bynum differently those last 2 mins.
I GOT DEM JUNTZ MY GUY U WENT ILL ON DEM JUNTZ IM doctorPN TO 2 OF THEM 1ST TRAKZ U SENT ME WEDS THEN IMA WORK ON DEZ NEW 1'Z AFTA
lol o nope..
My phone doesn't support it 
That's Australian record, of course.
unshaved London2012.
He's been 18.52 in yards years ago.
can't spell roll tide without 2 Ls
I want to watch the avengers movie so bad :/
I really don't wanna go to first period !
Tweeting from Haifa : shalom tweeters!
Just completed my FreshDirectParty survey
thanks so much!
:
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
lol...that sux!
I got tired of the battle.
So nails underwent a
lmfaooo only in Detroit
St Louis attraction visitors in millions: Gateway Arch 1M, St Louis zoo 3M, Busch Stadium 3.3M, Bass Pro Shops...4M.
website down?
My family is just ghetto as they can be
I didn't realize it till I pulled off
Great the worst part of my day has just begun 4thPeriod fuck you pregnant bitch
Or we would be interested to hear about anyone locally getting involved in the Olympics, or any local Olympians  past and present
If you expect me to kiss your ass, then go look for someone else!
My sister said I should be a dula
Lots of talk in Chicago about the Bears winning the division.
I don't think Rodgers will let that happen.
one of my developers used one of your photo plugins and we didnt know it was yours until looking at comments.
ironic.
Agreed.
RT : Sometimes I think there are too few stabbings.
There's something poetic hearing about how the sick and handicapped are still humans in this class.
You don't choose to be sick.
Hey, thanks for the retweet.
Only because its my birthday  I AM GETTING THOSE TICKETS.
:P at least your not at a softball tournament.
Some white ppl really be on some other shit.
This bitch really wants to see my dark side.
I wish I could say my dark side was a joke.
me either From 1999 :
Express for the win.
When rightfully accused, I prefer to sit.
Almost 1am, deep in objc, doing deployments in canada, usa, japan from maine w appblade, its gotta be some kind of stress test :
The amount of time spent on each practice item should be appropriate to the relative benefit you get from it in games.
yea it sucks but once that band becomes big everybody want to listen to them
Ooh, let's try out some of those apps.
Who is getting voted of in Dancing with the Stars?
Cant wait for the NBA season to be over so my tweet timeline is reduced by 100's of stupid NBA tweets per day!!!
doctorfting standardized test questions  Yoda's hobby while hiding out on Degoba.
Hate all the things, tra la la lala.
voteoutallincumbents they are not interested in running America their only concern is about the next election.
I dont ask questions Wat u mean
The biggest challenge of life is to be yourself in a world that is trying to make you like everyone else
you're bad at math...
Sleeping at a college party.
WHAT'S NEW?
It was awesome to see the golfboys all congratulate after his win!
Video number 2 soon??
Lol I love how I've been in and out of consciousness since after school :b
Many idiots believe playing defense is vital to mounting a 25 point comeback.
The lakers know better...
Three more Secret Service employees have chosen to resign, the agency says  CNN
This guy must not like Mexicans
94 is hot when it's all humid and crap!
sweats to death
it has nothing to do with laziness...NOTHING
give me a day or two, and I'll be handing out the sneak peeks as always;
When it's love, it's never the right time to say goodbye.
If that's been the case this year you've been getting the worst of it.
It's been so ridiculously mild this year.
where can I send a contribution for the vet bills?
I don't have much money, but I'd like to send what I can.
how do i get in touch with your buying office?
Rise Against is the tits!
Download our Happy Hours App for Blackberry, iPhone and Andoctorid...
thanks us later: www.gotime.com/mobile
dis white girl is at my house n she country she scared of every body even 9 year olders n she 13
In my rp I have plans for what Alli should say Jake...
Possibly haha
Koufax of course.
Schilling cause of the roids yeah RT : ChicagoMadeSean curt schilling and sandy koufax over clemens any day
Preparing a presentation 4 an interview 2morrow about you, your experiences  capabilities that we have not learned from your resumeideas?
DATS Y I HUSTLE NUNSTOP I WANT ALL DA MONEY....IN MY voice
There is no cheat code.
That's level 1...
Are you specialty board certified
congrats !
what an incredible athlete, true sportsmanship considering events of last weeks game!
kudos....now superbowl
i dont like the idea of getting back into doing homeword
Why r u so desperate to b my frnd
You sound a bit angry today, mate?
Is that because XFA's going to murder your ratings on Wednesday?
Miami Stress Buster is now providing medical massage services covered by health insurance.
Call to see if your insurance covers massage.
Jacksonville hosts Funk Fest 2012 in Metro Park tonight!
With Charlie Wilson and The New Edition Reunion Tonight  Erykah Badu Saturday...
so the company that tells everyone how they're trying to hip up the Buick line doesn't see value.
wow.
can't say i miss those days.
good luck!
Thanks for all the RT's last night.
Will probably take me 2 to 3 hours to thank you all.
: 
You are what you eat: Why do male consumers avoid vegetarian options?
Why are men generally more reluctant to try vegetarian products?
Ac
happy valentines day 3
You are super lucky!!
Enjoy the gold, I need like 12 more or something before I get mine.
Delicious.
Bitter  slightly fruity.
Nice work.
Bravo.
scene where the son reads from his school presentation on gang violence in los angeles
Ight, I got u
and the sky is gloomy
Absolutely!
Thanks for sharing on Twitter!
Romney is so phoning this shit in.
we like the new format!
great to be able to add notes to a story.
many thanks!
Mee!
I bet its great!:
It's nothin to do!
no we beat Washington 8 7.
Then it started pouring
Oh!
Great I  that song!!
Itching your eye and falling down stairs sucks
Sounds about right.
AutoZone or Advance price is prolly about 1820, but DIY
Thanks!
Glad you liked it.
: RT : Couerage Theater Company's Balm in Gilead was great!
So refreshing to see good theater in LA!
Omg does anyone wanna hangout?
I'm home alone and beyond bored.
might as well stay home
do i knoe u
The single most powerful tool for winning a negotiation is the ability to get up and walk away from the table without a deal.
making demos of demos while courtney is in hawaii collecting volcanic ash for a vocal concoction she plans to market and sell ; perhaps...
Pre Season is almost here come check out www.watchnhllive.com for all the games live online just register and enjoy!!!!!
Cannot WAIT for the Beachwaver curling iron by .
Woohoo!!
In Japan, they throw a big party when you turn 88.
It's a symmetry thing.
I hate when you respond to their question and they try to relate everything you say to them oO
The sourdough french toast turned out just okay.
Needed more lemon flavor  maybe some zest.
Added fresh nutmeg which was tasty!
What's a partridge, What's a pear tree?
Well I don't know, so please don't ask me.
But I can bet those are terrible gifts to get.
Relient K
JK, I'm a virgin.
I don't believe in sex.
A wonderful night in East Rutherford, New Jersey.
This Friday the 13th new track by Dizzy Deuce  Bobby Gritz titled The 6kness
did you want me to try and buy tickets today?
the only thing this page is good for is news.
noones ever on anymore......FAIL
no the real hard cash
what's the secret band?
: Youre a tool don't talk about yourself like that
did the lunch lady really just say yolo?
hey panda : the lupe fiasco video on your site is fantastic!
and unfortunately im not going to SXSW
aw thanx boo.
I emailed you.
You have to check it.
Who really reads your website?
Your competitors.
My mind is up my sleeve..
if you think you should leave, i ain't stoppin you im lockin you out and keepin the keys
Follow me back
Congrats Gavin!
Way to go.
yes I am
I need to make my resume/bio more exotic.
Born in Buffalo isn't doing it for me.
I just threw a dart at a map and Kenya it is.
Its worked b4
Question: have you read A Clash of Kings?
I wondered after seeing your tweets.
If Miley Cyrus trips and falls,is it considered a hoedown?...lol
NYC Kitchen Incubators
Hey Nana batch!!!!
we have done a total genre shift lately so I get the organizing!
Argh!
Thanks for the article!
home bored..tryna c what I'ma do for my bday
Also, I just now realized I started my response with eh, much as you did.
Force of habit was all that was.
..
YOU WANT TO BOOK A PARTY FOR SATURDAY MATRIX....
TEXT ME 972 839 4921.
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Thanks!
So how do you like the fame.?
:
If you really want to write a letter, hand it to the receptionist.
how about ubiquitous
did you see Logan Mankins' play today?
Best LG since John Hannah, and big reason for Patriots run resurgence
you.
o.o
thank you very much for tonight Risa!
All of you on the panel were incredibly inspiring!!!!
You get a line, I'll get a pole.
We'll go fishin in a crawfish hole.
Fivecard poker on Saturday night, church on Sunday morning.
R U coming 2 the 'R U The Voice?' tour?
First stop 2MORROW at 6p at Antioch Church in Long Beach, CA.
Join us!
It's going 2 be AWESOME!
We need a server side Java Developer  STAT!
ATX Jobs JavaJobs JBOSS SOAP DM for details
Is there a way to ignore or report for spam
Took you long enough big bro..do you remember me?!?!
Merry Christmas and love to all ma followers and followees.
thanks for following!
i'm a little sad i can't play google pacman
fact.
I totally agree with the jj's idea  whenever I think about ordering out for lunch at work I have to say no jj's :
Wondering what is imbibing this morning
if you're going to 'confront' me with a bunch of he said, she said bullshit, get out of my face.
like, who the fuck are you wasting my time?
: If you FF after midnight your followers turn into gremlins..
Sweet.
I'm gonna ff then.
aha so YOU'RE the one who is taking our sunshine with them!
Bring it back mister!!
Take one for the team, Gorzelanny
My job is having Brazilian dancers tomorrow on the 1st floor I'm a have to check it out
RT : I'm sorry, but your opinion  thoughts of me doesn't define the kind of person I am.
outrageous red max 213 at 7:10.
Wouldn't open door for passengers!
Fail thanks for making us late
nice thrashing, what's causing that ruckus?
How am I wide awake right now???
This makes no sense?!
When it's time to clean your room And you don't know where to start
omg so today i was at southcenter and saw a gay couple holding hands and thought what if one day i randomly see larry at the mall !
still 9/10 left for me then!
Golden Showers!
Hrm  did you use a grid?
The gym music choices if I forget my iPod.
Nobody wants to hear Bieber followed by REO Speedwagon followed by Lionel Ritchie
Watching minor details
Now that boosie getting out, I feel like more people are about to start getting more violent.
Any thoughts on Hereafter?
Interview eek
cooks D is so tight it's like strangulation.
IALTO
hahah omg I was dying.
'Appy Canada Day!
Especially to my mother, Manitoban at heart.
My cousins are TERRIBLE at finding Easter eggs.
Always a good sign when looking for a LB.
RT : Mike Mayock says new Titans LB Zach Brown is somewhat allergic to contact.
Agreed.
RT :I just don't buy the argument that ebooks are more convenient than real books.
More convenient than a paperback?
Best Actress Meryl Streep.
After fourteen nominations she deserves it!
I wish she and Viola Davis could've shared it though
of course!
looking for something along those lines?
Maybe not mommy porn but quick, easy and can't put down!
You're very welcome, Sara !
Never mix business, with new friends.
Detouring to tonight for Michael Jackson The Immortal World Tour, Vegas Night 2.
RU Ready to Dance!
cofounded the BounceBeat Teen Awards to provide this generation with some formal recognition and set a standard for safety.
SUCCESS!
MADE RED VEILVIT CHEESE CAKE COOKIES!!
3 yuummmm
Oh emm gee...im hungry af!
I finished my street fighter x tekken vlog.
Morning, 5th Avenue!
I'm tokin' my prework parly and some dood waltzes by with multiple lip rings  a hat that looks like a stuffed animal.
i think I am...
but .....
i dont really know
Nearly killed the dog by making him walk a half mile.
Didn't even make it to the park.
its whoever performs best...
Any sex and race......
Food at was delish, service a big disappointment.
My food came after ', app came w/ dinner.
No mgr.
on duty.
Hahaha it totally would be if there were wedding blogs on the screen!!!
Ha
: Oops!
On me way love!
:D: been out here 15 minutes lmao
thanks for the follow and I am already inspired by the tweets you share.
Thanks.
we are pretty great.
how much u charge for nipples and industrial?
His heart withers if it does not answer another heart.
Got poision ivey this weekend and it is killing me.
Want to scratch my skin off!!!!
Get it, Yo!
BrewCrew off to a great start.
4 broken ribs, dislocated shoulder, and various other sprains, strains and bruises but still kicking.
I showed that truck who was boss!!!
no, I meant on the commons
Can't wait for the Texans to start playing 
thank you so much.
I am glad you enjoyed it.
Stop again soon.
GunMitt very cold weather testing going on 33deg, 8mph wind.
pain begins at 59 degrees inside regular glove.
Stay tuned..
That's fine.
But I get to be armed with full auto plasma rifles.
140 megawatt range.
schoolmemories going to school doctorssed in doctorg on a dare
When you look me in the eyes and tell me that you love me, everything's alright when you're right here by my side.
Taking clothes to a donation center: pants, shirts and sweaters.
me too!!
Happy Thanksgiving.
Already missing my Annual two meals.
Must settle 1.5 between Ma's and Ma in law.
It has a mind and beat of it's own.
And apparently you have Twitter.
Haha.
Keep doing your thing Mike.
I'm rooting for you homie.
I have my family and I have God.
Thanks again.
Looks like we have a good start.
We'll start doing our research and making some contacts!
Yo bro Lumbajack.
i need ya email again.
don't send me spam!
.
new book/project on mediacommons is important because it experiments with both open review and seriality
Working on a new project, I think something's wrong with me.
My 2 New Favorite songs Aree.....Overboard, That should be me by They are the best love songs i heard this year!
RT RT RT RT!
Of course Telly grew up to be a heroin addict.
A good reminder that we rock in PDX after being hailed upon yesterday when I was out seeking the sunlol
Anyway I just spent an hour catching up on webcomics.
Time for Sara Shenanigans.
you made another song that I love to dance to!
Why do I sabotage my efforts to be, a healthier version of this body?
Doesn't matter.
A little pain leads to less gain.
Keep at it!
uhm, google, why can't I text a people card or elements thereof any more?
ICS andoctorid galaxynexus NFC will not ALWAYS be answer
It's a Troll 2 kinda night!
11:11 on 11/11!
I'm alive because numerology is meaningless.
: Happy birthday to THE ITALIANS!!!
Happy Birthday twins!
:
I feel the same about infants in coffee shops as I do about infants in bars: GTFO.
Especially when barefoot.
I think it is fair to say legend so...RIP to the legend Steve Jobs....technology will never be the same!!
but he is!
I freak you right I will.
first full weekend off in 6 months WOO HOOO !!
its miller time
Jlo is seating next to Meryl Streep??
Cookies  Magnificent 7  Yay and also probably not getting to sleep until 1 AM.
Frank Isola: Red Bulls39; glamour Galaxy tilt hamstrung by Henry injury
Okay thanks!
yes yes.
i can do that.
just not this weekend.
what about memorial day weekend?
not sat though, i will be HUNGOVER!!
when I had jury duty, I read a bunch about him.
He's not feeling well.
His hands no longer grip!
Great week: Audition for recurring guest star yesterday, directing for and opening escrow for my real estate client today!
its so funny watching all these bieber groups just steal the same tweets from each other over and over like bitch that shit is not original
That is the best looking tomato I have seen in years!
Did they catch the crazy dude?
Definitely not wearing green today!
I had to disassemble it.
But hey, got the right clay now, gonna do it all over again, and proudly mount/frame my first successful failure.
HGTV's ecohome goes lean and green  The Seattle Times
Well im off to work
How come they don't broadcast Lunar Eclipses live on the radio?
And we're back.
We were just changing all the fonts to Papyrus, and that does take a while.
was everyone really participating?
Sure looked like it on TV
' Just got woke up out a fire as nap!
well its raining
Going for the golf TeamGolf LetsGo 
Soon as I get a job xD which seems like never lol
Woo!
is our newest member!
Welcome aboard, Gary!
It's great to see your 3d printer make so much progress so quickly.
:
Use Twitter to display your business growth,charts, statistics,  other factual data.
We had to cut some of the song considering it was originally 6 minutes long
Tomorrow can wait till tomorrow..it's all About tonight
thanks Heather...I think my motto is go intense or go home!
Thanks to for having us at their event last night!
Custom label wine is a MUST for every wedding!
tell me too!
RT Anyone with a preference for a website annotation tool?
Twitter fuckin up too many times
At purple onion for the afternoon.
Holla at ya girl.
New Music doctorpping June 1st.
My debut EP BarakTheRapper.
Uptown in this.
Faith makes all things possible...
love makes all things easy.
Dwight L.
Moody
PhD School Motivation Ugh Cant wait for this semester to be over, so I can do something not school related !
is Snapback Better Than Fitted Hats?????
thisweekend its Landons BDAY...we bout to be so gone!!!
typo your
lmao, because I don't want to.
Be happy I'm following you.
lol!
So u already know what's good!
effin tell me about it....I wish I could retweet this ya betch.
getting burned so bad at work....FML
if okc get past the Lakers then they got it made
Fetters was 25 from the line before that make
it's boring unless you're on the 54th turn with that's as exciting as the doctorw something gets
Tailgating at Qwest Field.
Go Chargers.
Guilty as charged, with the stories.
We have a new server ready  vpnco25 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in London, UK.
It's available in your customer area now.
There is still time to meet the Ranchers.
Come in down.
Watching Fashion Police with Viggle Fri  21  E!
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
the line of support vs marketing is one we struggle  work with everyday.
Great presentation!
I can't wait until the day I come home, kiss my wife, rub her pregnant stomach and wish her a Happy Mother's Day........EVERYDAY Yup
The Pokemon World Championships are at my hotel.
Gotta Catch 'Em All.
Awesome
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet
That is a fantastic show and have watched it since the beginning.
I think you'll love it!
.
I can't wait to hear how good tacos and marg are
No't Cool Boy No't Cool....
Hi there BooyahBoom
Good for you.
What about everyone else's kids though?
How do we help everyone b/c if we don't then all of us lose?
: i don't think this will EVER get old...
Thanks for following us on Twitter much appreciated
bad defense celtics
Ive lied about being sick to do something fun at least three times as often as I've actually been sick.
Last flu was like seven years ago
What is your perfect date?
Girl scouts.
Girls count.
/ The women are the way.
/ The feint of former victims / feinter still // a tiny little
Amen and amen!!!
Myla put rocks in her pockets on our hike, then doctorpped them all on the way home.
She then blamed Kinsley when she couldn't find them...
Congrats!
We're oh so patiently waiting to hear 'All Over You' LIVE at !
Yeehaw!
No question great game OKC vs Dallas great series !!!
Shout out to the homie for blessing me on the keys earlier...
Smash coming soon
Mike Brown is a bad coach.
your welcome :
Vehicle wrap demonstrations by Arlon  Mutoh are on tap at 11 am in booth 769 at
working..I'm trying to get an apartment..what u on
Eating like a king right now and doctornking beer while celebrating Josh Hamilton's 4 homer game
something meta about the relative permeability of boundaries, separation, selfhood, isolation
Need more followers 33 if ur not following me follow me 33 : pppplllllleeeeeeeaaaaaasssssseeeeeeee
RT : Personality wins the heart.
lo are primota
Brewers should have miniature flashlight giveaway next time Cardinals are in town
Yes!
No problem.
To register plate, select MX from website doctorpdown menu of states  countries or call us at 6196617070.
When your HIGH, when your LOWsaid i promise i will never let you go:thingsAwisePotHeadwouldSay See?
Even Keri Hilson smokes pot!!!
Granulated Soul Oliver 
i forgot who u are :
Join us w/our beauty partner, LAMIK Beauty in Lenox Mall tonight.
For our NYC Fashionistas, join us  J.F.
Lazartique
How did you celebrate MothersDay?
i don't think i've ever been this angry before.
Freezing outside.
What's a cheap place to host websites?
I'm thinking of launching two of 'em, that I've been building within the next 68 weeks...
RT : Back to our shinju dates : Yeeee I love these .
swagitout love this song!!
Your a great singer!
Ravens ftw3 i love them and always have.
I don't know Christmas carols...
I'm going to hell
Followed and done.
What's next?
NO I need to REMOVE the GOOGLE Analytic ID.
I need to ADD my other ANALYTIC account.
I am too!
See you tomorrow bright and early at
Chicken Tacos tonight....
Homemade tortillas.
They take some extra time, but are so worth it!
a  saver!
Did anyone go to harby fireworks last night they were great!
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you.
But how strong you stand is what makes you.
Just found out The Hillbenders will be at the Cool Creek Concert Series on June 29th!
Has anyone seen them in concert before?
oh!
Are you watching it at a place?
Unbelievable.
What a finish.
okay!
i'm getting off in a bit :
haha LOL not that much anymore.
Mostly, I retweet interesting things.
It occurs to me that I may have something of a shoe fetish.
Which is funny, because I have really uglylike, Barney Rubblefeet.
Waukesha County declares Jeff Foxworthy the winner of their democratic primary.
He received 328 of the vote.
yess!
It's awk bc I tweeted your old account that got hacked i think right?
But yea I tagged that one 1st and was like ohh um..
RT : Thanks to , LIFTThe Bronx has connected Bronx residents to over 117K in benefits since January 2012!
We're glad it's no longer a Justin Bieber song.
Answer tipa2012.
A bit superfluous
Games canceled at Eastfield for tomorrow, 2/11.
Games will be scheduled at a later date
you know you're in california when a guy rolls by ona segway witha surfboard on his back
24 out of the 25 largest newspapers are declining in circulations because the news reaches users in other formats: How do you get your news?
If ya dont know has the best bumper music on radio.
IThankGod that i do not have to conform to this world!
Because I am not of this world!
Let's give God some Praise!!!
The only time i think someones ugly is when they never smile like they got life so bad when dont , '' have an attitude for no reason .
Nice to sing the Phantom last night.
Lots of fun in a very beautiful venue.
Congrats to our 8 state AfterschoolforAll Champs!
Hosting a Gil ScottHeron tribute show this Monday, 5/30, 111 on wtju.net
Reliving the first time I heard In Rainbows in the rain.
It's not raining.
you know the WILSON'S ????
Back in the LAB in the morning Diego here we come!!!
Hey!!!
Great to see you over here!
Loving the weekend pix I've seen  heading over to FB to look for more.
Happy Hump Day!
new codecomplete in Flash CS5 is much appreciated, thanks Adobe!
Technology makes me so happy!
Web Designers check out SiteGrinder 3
Day game.
Couldn't get off from work.
Don't know what you're cryin' about.
You were at GLD!
I need to talk to nephew Cameron Whalum who plays my instrument the Trombone
Good opening Tag.
Looking forward to your blog and this amazing journey you are to experience : Congrats again!
Listening to one of my favorite bands of all times Deftones
I love to sail forbidden seas and land on barbarous coasts.
Herman Melville
I hated PAMS ughgh the worse 3 years of my life well at least now when I step into pungo I won't get shot cuz ill c someone I know
To lose weight, first turn your head to the left and then turn it to the right.
Repeat every time you are offered something to eat.
Join with us to provide opportunities for the underprivileged.
Help break a pattern of slavery.
Yes you did!
We talked about it a while back.
: But that's okay...I get it...you forgot...three times...;
Keha's prechtemme: Schoenberg's influence on contemporary dance music
haha been stuck in Charlotte a little too long I think!
EXCLAMATION POINT!!!!!!
Ah, much fun was had at show tonight at the Fine Line.
EXACTLY what I needed right now.
Ears still ringing.
Follow me for super discounts on auto repair and oil changes.
We come to your home, office, business or we can meet you at the park
Thanks.
Please let us know if there's ever anything we can help you with.
POTD Roadoctornner by Jonathan Richman  the Modern Lovers.
One of the songs which just perfectly encapsulates rock and roll.
Can't we just put Windows in a try/catch?
Great question.
I hope there would be full faith  credit
Sounds fun!
Enjoy.
5 CEOs that Should Have Already Been Fired: via Leadership without innovation
quot;How to Be Prepared for an Emergency with the Definitive Survival Coursequot; from ...
San Francisco Chronicle
and it's also my favorite wrestler birthday so Happy Birthday 2 us!!!!!!!!
ima get you high today , cuz its friday ..
you aint got no job , you aint got shit to do !
Watson gets thru for us We continue to absolutely crush it :
RT : The obvious is that which is never seen until someone expresses it simply.Khalil Gibran RT
We may not have the power to choose where we come from, but we can choose where we go from there
It's a good day for laying in sun beam and farting.
I thought that was a normal thing to do...
The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have.
Norman P Veale
lemmeguess you're 29  'moved back in with your parents to help them out'
Shut up.
RT A privilege to spend time with Desmond Tutu last night at
i grew up in fontana :0 haha
my song is coming along so well

my favorite side is the third base side at Dodger Stadium:o Thankful to bleed Dodger Blue!
Roy Williams is about to have a heart attack
We are so excited to welcome The Mob Wives break out star, will be our special guest host, this tuesday on !
If this weather isn't a sign of global warming, I don't know what is!!!!
I whip my hair back and forth...
whip it real good.
;
getting on twitter
Sweatpants, hair up, curled up on my couch under a blanket....
Aw yeaa
Michigan, Ohio st, Iowa, Norte dame, and Alabama
how can you stand that guy, loser!
I hope cotto kills him, literally
Beer goggles in full effect.
I'd like to see RATM beat xfactor to the xmas number 1, the crusty fuckers only have one song.
I so want a funnel cake from jack n the box
Loved hearing say Your job is not to write the best code in the world, it's to write the most appropriate.
you are amazing ok
Must say that all this SOPA and PIPA chatter today has really raised my awareness.
Thanks and others.
Ribbon Hero can be used to learn how to use the ribbon.
Use Google to find this great training tool.
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please??
3
everyone i see an ad for safe it makes me wonder if Jason Statham can play any other character.
I was gonna tape some HEB bags together  make a wet suit.
Agree!
On plane and in Bikram Yoga.
Guy next to me did that last night...
Not pleasant, not pleasant at all!
i'll smile again....even tho this moment i cry..nd even tho life gat me confused,...ill be wise again.
Pondering an Pi Day.
Or as insists, HalfTau Day.
Oh yes.
In other news, I now have Weebl  Bob stuck in my head.
China buffet with
I use those to improve my posture :
We have to get to a point when we decide to not be pitiful about our views on ourselves
How much is a pack of skittles these days?
Willie's slow ass just texted me from the back of the bus talking bout 'come here'  coulda just called my name ...
Zimmerman gets bond and GPS monitoring
You are paid to vote, not run to Illinois and hide.
You did not get recalled this time, but that does not mean we will stop.
I hope nobody wins tonight's megamillions so we can see a billion dollar lotto prize.
Well it's been an eventful twitter night...
Chris Getz is behaving like an All Star hitter.
this ish about to doctorve me krazie...
I NEED to hear it!
hey i have been following you for a long time and i am the hugest fan.
it would mean the world if you followed me back, no lie.
Thanks!
lol Last night I was trying to play my guitar and it was the funniest thing :p didn't turn out so well :D
LOL at that girl.
wahh i cant breahte hahahh  and he brought me to this garden and we did it LOL and he let me see jerry PLZ girl
hahahaha you're such a cutie :D xx
let's talk, prepping a podcast for as well
unbelievable!
Using ppls privacy as a commodity !!!
Snuggle time with the roomies
I so appreciate you letting me know.
Definitely interested.
Let me see if I can move some things around.
Moats and boats and Waterfalls, Alleyways and payphone calls, I been everywhere with you
you are birthdaying this fine day,  that pleases me greatly.
Have a surreal one!
Hey, i just met you, and this is crazy, but heres my number, so call me maybe ;
I just want alone time with you 
Watching American Pickers...yay
Summer Camp applications due in 10 days!
Make sure you have yours in by April 13th.
Late applications will not be accepted!
Thanks!
np Travis porter  cake
: , I feel like your sunglasses are sitting on the assignment desk counter?
I'm coming to get them soon.
Have to back up and replace my macbook when I get home on Wednesday.
Just how I wanted to start the summer.
dope, we'll see what you 'bout..
You should specify which local talent you're promoting, perhaps ?
Life never gets easier, only harder.
RIPChuckBrown Wind me up Chuck!
would he have to start all the voiceovers with hey girl?
Absolutely for the better.
I have been loving it!
Learning curve wasn't much.
Great whiteboard/sketchbook combo for me.
More antiques coming in today!
Stop by and say hi to Lisa the owner!
If you've noticed that I've been fairly quiet, it's because there is a lot going on, but nothing I can talk about yet.
My bitch RT : I'm letting tell me what to do
Gail Christopher just stood up to say that the opinions of the panelists do not reflect the position of Kellogg Foundation.
Congrats to AP's Apuzzo/Goldman/Hawley/Sullivan for investigative Pulitzer on NYPD's secret intel department.
we could be up by 300 runs tonight, and somehow they will still end up with the tying run on base in the 9th.
NO!
nome of them will be shown.....
Yep so how's germany?
Seen like 4 sets of twins on my line today.....
Man!
Praise and worship was AWSOME!
is an awsome band!
I want all of their CDs now!
This fucking computer holy mother
RT RT what if you tour restaurants?
that too!
same heading to hcc now
How can you expect for something to work if you don't even try to make it work?
lately brides have been asking if we can play with singers or trumpeters the answer is YES!
have a question?
send it our way!
it proble already happened huh
I c u found me on twitter
muchLove Vegas for making our living social deal a success!
I don't remember this.
: What happened?
RT : Congrats, Hoosiers!
Indiana defeats archrivals Purdue, 7861.
Go Big Red!
do I get to see you Sat?!
dear 1,149 followers please follow She Just Started Last Week And Shes My BFFL
I'm stuck in the terminal, should I abort?
Just discovered that AOL still exists.
Who knew?
Walt Bodine and Ira Glass, an archive that includes a great deal of insight, mutual respect and relaxed conversation.
The show on Saturday was super kick ass thanks for coming out!
Facebook.com/IvySpokes check it out!
And again and again
Don't forget!
This morning it's the Cesar Chavez March for Justice!
810a will be the Opening Ceremony from Guadalupe Cultural Arts!
Can he just get in my bed already?
He looked so fucking sexy.
funny my surprises in Syracuse always involved the sudden appearance of unexpected homeless people
I was just thinking today that I haven't spoken with you in like a year.
I'd like to see you and you husband soon please.
Hey Bob  Are you still in Dexter Michigan right now?
UM....
So good to have Joanne Milani long time Tampa tribune art critic visiting with me today.
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 72F PARTLY CLOUDY
Got my phone back :'
i'm sorry but what the hell is with the Spanish Uniforms.
It's the stupidest thing.
You have nothing else to do but to save souls John Wesley to Methodist preachers
The band or the Bible book?
Follow Back
I love my mommy 3
Castle does not disappoint!
Can't wait for next weeks episode!!!
I strongly considered going to the store on my way into the office.
OMG girl...
Your house must smell delicious!
Enjoy those goodies!
Hey Girl!
I'm honestly too onedge about all of these bomb threats to do work
:o Susie with nothing to say!??!
itsamiracle :p
Bitch you talk To much; shut up
RT I'm enjoying all your tweets, Leslie!
Very relevant to what I doThx  best luck w ur interesting book!
My lil brother don't really like baseball but he likes chillin wit me so its all love
Thanks for RT
You Want it, You Get it: the good n the bad.
Be Aware of your Thoughts and Desires You're much more Powerful than you Think.
I feel like I'm going to die
definitely that was too much fun!
What did you have for lunch!?
Time in customer support is well spent  but never easy.
that's what I thought..
dang,its only 8 here!have a good nights sleep and have fun filming because without you the hp would suck,your my favorite!
: Son: Will they have a sign in Heaven w/ your name on it so I can find u?
Me: No I don't think so, but I sure God will let y ...
T1: I'd get to see my PT wife more if she got to enter data throughout the day, as she treated.
Spends 2 hrs after hours entering
just lost interest in house own story.
I love nights like tonight, and I LOVE my wonderful frands so much!
Loving the tuesday/thursday Schedule
WARNING: I'm about to try red velvet cheesecake.
Maybe my cheesecake making days aren't over.
got my FTP set up.
holla at me if you need any online storage space.
I've only got 150gb right now, but I'll be upgrading to a TB soon
Booked a big modeling shoot for next week...thanks to yoga I am so prepared!!!
Come see me at Soul Asylum Studios!..
I dare you to make GoodMusic!..
lol
You know you at the top when only heavens right above it, we on!!!
Put it together
Who did the Celtics get for Big Baby....oh yeah Garbage ass
that's just wrong
The casting is perfect.
People will flock to see this.
I can wait for the tiein merchandising!
RT : If your ship doesnt come in, swim out to meet it Jonathan Winters
Random question: Why do confidence and confidential have two very different meanings?
do you miss jeff hardy
heard about this cyberbullying thing not cool at all want 2 be the one to end it CyberBullyingIsWRONG !!!!
what email do we send the stuff to?
thanks for rt'ing those Jayme.
where exactly is romney releasing his tax records and how can we view them?
I'm sorry; just now read this.
Couldn't see the screen on my iPad at the spa, where I've been all day not working.
I don't even watch American Idol and I can't believe the dude with the hair is still on.
sure, filters it is  i'll check out that page now
Healthcare ReformImagine?
Be smarter than health insurance agents...
Who has the upperhand then?
Get your book www.theprofessorttrap.com
Heading over to the ole high school to check out the Loucks Games for a bit.
happy birthday Mary!
;
lol.
That's great.
you following me  you're sexy photo don't add up.
Ur selling something but looks like it should be one of those auto sex tweets
i love you so much, follow me please
At the movies bout to see the avengers
I was wondering where yalls individual twitters were, but I guess this is better:
I'm a mouse in the house of owl's.
So yes.
i need to start doctornking those 5hr energy doctornks before work so i dont fall asleep
will do
getting ready for chruch and then were having lunch on the grounds so ill see you guys later: 3
Ah...
did you send me your MyAlganon display name?
lebron's facial hair looks dumb.
on fire tonight!
Wildest party ever.
Call in sick tomorrow 
thinking that when people said 'Across the pond', they were talking about New Jersey
I'm tired of people telling me that I shouldn't run.
I want to run, dammit!
Watch me!
We're not all like that :
What do you think of the Ravens doctorft picks?
Sorry I missed you in NYC last month.Congratulations on Grammy nom.
Would love to talk about some projects.
Sir, will you be joining us in Santa Fe next weekend for the centennial reunion?
Listening to shout out discovered facts about the Beetlejuice cast.
Right now, she's telling me how Otho died.
Peoples blank faces make me laugh..
Jake needs an instagram...I need new pics of him.
as a violinist I'm biased, of course, but one 'cello contains the entire human vocal range  kinda hard to beat.
mood just went VERY POOR....QUICKLY.
So, I end my coursework with two As and a soon to be S.
Not too bad in my book.
Did I mention Cabin in the Woods is out Friday?
If you remember what it smells like, it wasn't an opium candle.
// MT : what does an Opium candle smell like?
Reading the blog posts  stratejoy.com about the doctoraded Quarterlife Crisis motivates you to kick butt!
truth  Start now!
waiting on obama to release replay!
i heard he has sick micro with doctorps
A warm hello to you from Miami!
RT : Hi from italy ;
The QB legend A.
Garcia has 217 yards and 4 TDs with 10 minutes remaining in the 3rd.
How does he do it?
Thanks, man.
says the girl tweeting this right now...
oh yes.
the desk.
how could I forget?
If u can't live without me, then why aren't u dead yet??
Q1 O!!
really good idea to put new books on the digital signage around campus!
Is there an app for andoctorid or ios that lets you write your own small programs?
Great minds discuss ideas.
Average minds discuss events.
Small minds discuss people.
How can you let that happen?
Put the delicious bacon in your belly!
Taking the week to relax then its back on our grind when we perform in Manchester, NH on Saturday the 24th!
Ouch  not a good first impression!
Cafe Bleu is always a solid little spot though.
Beer and Baking partay!
:
So we're actually going to try and win with a normal lineup.
Awesome.
Hope everything goes well at the meeting.
hello how are u doing?
it was nice meeting you!
A bihhh be cranky when she ain't getting none
please follow me3
how is bartab working out for you so far?
If you haven't already, definitely be a part of our next pub crawl!
ohh braces suck!:
your solar truck was today.
What's going on over there?
Fantastic Spring morning!
3 reasons to date a Canadian 1 He might know Justin Bieber.
2 He might know someone who knows Justin Bieber.
3 He might be Justin Bieber.;D
Keep your nose out of my business and I will try to keep my foot out of your butt...Deal?
Some stuff i wanna read on a twit pic but its tttttttooooo long :
wishing the bucks weren't sucking so bad.
It's kinda lonely in the verizon center when they're down by 20.
Twitter is looking good on my new phone
oh wow
1200 followers?
Must be challenging to be so consistently interesting.
Go follow Cheye on twitter
I hate the DM messages I get from people that say people say bad stuff about me umm if I cared I would of set shit straight along time ago
Which film should I host for a theater screening?
Tommy.
Walkabout.
Chico y Rita.
Or Prick Up Your Ears?
Baltimore/D.C.
too.
Pretty weak IMO.
Whoever wins the title this year will have an asterik because of the Rose injury.
Its a shame.
I know for a fact Dora pussy stank, because that bitch ain't never home to take a shower !!
Best Mac and cheese from a restaurant?
Notorious Spinks ...
aunt.
blogger.
grad student...
and so much other stuff.
LOL!
any time!
Always glad to see ya!
doctorke jus stand for do roofies an kick eric
Good morning have a great day!
3 :
Need an ED209 for library security.
Hope to get a used one cheap.
: RT : Hey gang!
Follow and ENRICH YOUR LIFE!
Listening to The Hive podcast from  Share the podcast love!
Had big plans for today, including bead store going out of business sale...
So sleepy/lazy tho...
Really honored and excited to be a part of the 20112012 class of Leadership Miami!
Let's get to it!
apparently horny little girls like her !
LOL  I'm still wondering who took that picture of her O.o
don't miss me 2nite!
...
if we wait for the moment when everything, absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin.
Ivan Turgenev
Hi Rex, thanks for the follow  can't wait for the sequel VERTICAL.
Like Miles' Cheval Blanc, I know it'll be great!
.
describes his acquisition theory : I seek to publish the books that scare me.
What do you want to know?
How to pay?
What they include?
hello loves.
I can do it tonight, but I work until 9pm so does 10 sound good with you guys?!
Love how I can have students post model writing to a Google Doc in share edit mode, and then switch to view only security mode to project.
RT : Create in me a pure heart, God, and make my spirit right again.
psalm 51:10
Haha WeLoveLouisTomlinson and NotGayEnough are trending at the same time
The room of J's!
Jess B., Jess M., Jay, Joe, Jake, and...Kristie...
Damn you rain!!
Our shoot has to be rescheduled.
several thousand satisfied customers in Cleveland.
Interested in what you have to offer!
According to KTLATV ...
No tickets in California with all 6 winning numbers for tonight's Mega Millions doctorwing.
darn
Markakis hits triple, doctorving in a run.
40 Orioles.
Yeah, he's fine.
Thats great!!
Me too :
: Every time a PR thanks a journalists for coverage a unicorn dies.
Remember that.
it's true.
Sad.
Pls note you will never be president.
Only thing keeping you in Congress are idiots.
All you can do is name call.
Blondes Totally Have More Fun!
Check out our site to see how.
; ;
The Coach's Call of YTB from the weekend in Las Vegas 2 wks ago: 7124320990 PIN 306199.
On the Seven Habits  the YTB School of Wealth.
RIP Steve Jobs :
keep looking for more interviewtip the december grad edition: getting you ready to find and get hired at your 1st career all month long!!
Your website looks good.
But where is the link to your Chronicle piece?
: Hope everything is okay!
Mickey was right.
Can't.
Hardly.
Walk.
Happy because the Lord hears me.
By submitting to Him always He will reveal to me His wonderful plans for me.
Love God with all of you.
LOL .
.
.
your evasion is adorable, but it wont work.
Scroll down.
I talked about the disproportionate black on black crime
latestproject reminds me of twilight zone, but with a zodiac/fortuneteller spin.
All original/better.
Perfect for you.
J/S
Hahaha!!
Your wife is awesome!
YOU...
quero Taco Bell.
Oh, Okay
Nothing more satisfying than catching up with people you haven't seen in a long time 
It is said 'God is in the details'.
Also said 'the Devil is in the details'.
Must make for an awkward day down there in the details.
I honestly don't know, but we will try to post it soon !
Thanks for wanting it though !
:
no one just a song..
...you do now
Oh no lol RT : ROFL  She's angry because white guys aren't supposed to move like this.
I'll mess around and be rich out here.
My hustle is too on point outta state.
Anyone wanna Skype?
today is a fantastic day to save eyes 
Thanks for dominating this year at UK.
We will never forget Devastation, Inc.
sounds good, just out of class but have to pick up a few things.
Fb me your number and I'll hit you up
HMS National Offers Tips for Homeowners on How to Develop a Plan to Sell Their Home
lmfao!
I don't think it is shaggy: but it looks soo much like him!
Nice article on First Monday!
all of my employees are on Sprint, so I'm likely going to wait and switch from Verizon.
No idea what coming soon means though.
So wait...are we paying tax on out of state internet purchases now?
www.ryantinesday.com  yes, please.
...is that bitch crazy??...
Not getting a photo with BOTH halves Monchele...
are you kidding me?
Thought that was what Journey songs were about already.
Some people are ok.
But others I just wanna poison.
A man's face is his autobiography.
A woman's face is her work of fiction.
Oscar Wilde
We had: Pork tenderloin, red potatoes, carrots, greenbeans, corn, cinnimon apples and rolls!!
SUPER YUMMY!!
Badgers sign Danny O'Brien, transfer from Maryland.
Will attend graduate school this fall at UW.
Has two years of eligibility remaining
Read my new shout on the maleforce app
Your neighbors mail box..
Lmao
Going to ISA2012 in SanDiego next week?
Stop by booth 118 at the Hilton Bayfront April 14 to meet our editors  get discounts.
Decaf coffee and then bed!!
:
yeah, but I'm supposed to be out being young.
Instead, I'm going to bed.
wow now that is crazy!
doing well my friend, working hard trying to have fun!
I'll help you fix that!
:
Reading them now at the same time I'm reading Hunger Games books too.
I love my little bow tie.
:
One question..why can't I stop thinking about you?
3 If only you were thinking about me?
: iloveyou
Reasons to Factor: 1: Ability to take advantage of vendor discounts 2: To have funds for payroll and taxes
That was fast.
RT : Welcome him to twitter:
thanks for the follow :
the only thing i miss is spotify premium
ADHD has been helped by restricting food high in starch and sugar including fruit which all digest to sugar i.e.
excess energy.
Nine out of ten US Hispanic parents and parentstobe want their childoctorn to be able to speak Spanish and to be fluent in English.
40thingsaboutme i get too attached very fast :
Yum, Nathan's but watch the nitrates!
Glutan free bun, why not?
and Happy New Years to everyone out there celebrating!
Who took over account?
Please follow
What constitutes good writing encourages participates to join together and to accomplish meaningful things
have fun and make it a masterpiece!
I hate when people cross the boundaries that should never be crossed
It's almost time for April in the D!!!!!!!!
Woo!
Next week opening day is already here, can you believe it!?!?!?
yeah but i cant sleep
Twitter is going to have to live without me most of this gorgeous day.
its called fatherhood.
Yay!
I hope you get to do reviews of Emotobooks!
yeah texans have reliant lol.
The dome belongs to the Oilers.
First inductee  Warren Moon
Wolf Gang?
what,,,,, TAYLOR GANG ALL THE WAY!!!
HB1238 brings together parents, educators  specialists to addoctorss the individualized needs of students who are falling behind in K3
Please follow the New Mexico Philharmonic on twitter
I hate this Evo so much.
What the hell was I thinking.
Now it's time to decide on a new company.
ATT, T mobile, or stick with Sprint?
I am so awesome at dancing..
I fell in love with myself in this video3
School vs modeling is always a hard decision.
But then I think of how much  I'll make with a degree vs without one and the decision is made
Jack White tix for the Ryman!
good thinking!
hope to see you there!
you definitely don't wanna bang jenna haze.
I saw her in person, she looks BEAT in real life.
no prob!
Good post!
This is hard to watch.
Someone on Facebook claims there you!
Whats your real facebook?
starting detox
can't wait to see you tonight!!
Thanks for helping spread the word and all your support!
job interview today!!
Keeping it positive.
No matter what!
www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
smoke all day lord know i stay high
Anyone have any clue why Game of Thrones is only airing on HBO Latino???
So true!
And phone calls helped me and my team when securing Tia Mowry for the May expo.
Im finna open my own gyro stand its go be called gyro steppin lol
2 things that made today awesome: 1.
I chatted with Rex Ryan on my flight 4rm ATL to NYC 2.
MSNBC is reairing the
Watching Family Guy :
Text You of the Day It's Saturday and I am going to try something New today
I texted you the other Day!!!
OPINION: Best store at Cottowood Mall for back to school shopping for kids/teens?
How did I miss the news that Bob Sanders was done for the season?
I feel bad for him.
love u!
Please follow?
Thanks!
:
: :O WAAAAAAAAAHT.
so luckyyyyuhhhh.
are you in PPS District?
there was a false report he died ....
Guys with white teeth
love u to.
K.I.D.S.
the Nat'l Diaper Bank Network donate 20 million Huggies to families in need throughout the US in 2012.
We love that!
Rest in peace Hank Jones
I forgot the beat battle was tonight!
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen your friend is making jokes about you and your boyfriend and the teacher walks by an covers her ears.
XD
how you like those gatorade bottles eh?
;
Thanks, much appreciated!
not if they end up playing the b's
good idea.
I'm really scared I'm gonna get called to the deans tomorrow for skipping 2 periods..
:'
I am so jealous right now!!!
;
If you can't make our tour early on Friday, feel free to join us after 8:30 at Twin Anchors, 1655 N.
Sedgwick.
Fellas too!
zoe has glasses
Wife and kids away for two weeks.
I'm gonna miss 'em.
I'm also very likely to starve to death.
thanks Jay for ur support !
you know you super high when youre watching tv and think youre in it....
Tomorrow is Milwaukee's own  events kick off here at the theatre.
Good luck to all participating teams!
The Wizard of Oz is just a movie about two women fighting over a pair of shoes.
Then LOTR is about a bunch of guy trying to ditch a ring.
Is anyone else limited as to how many people they can follow a day?
I can only follow about 6.
What's up with that?
DH cohort hitting childbearing age?
Brentwood is miss or miss.
Watched Unsung on TV One last night.
3 words: Big Daddy Kane
Meeting my unk in am .
B.L.E ALL DAY
Please follow this acon for me  ;
I think nick is on a following spree; RT
Why yes, I do still get excited about bubble wrap.
Flying a confederate flag does not signify that you like country music....I'm pretty sure it means you support slavery.
All mediocre females the exit is to ur right
every movie would benefit from the inclusion of Justin Long and/or Gary Oldman.
just sayin'.
Live the good life.
Live Green with www.artisansgonegreen.com
What..Theyre Complainin About How Pretty You Are ?
;D
I want Subway3
THE FACT IS THAT THE PREDOMINANT RACE ON FOOD STAMPS IN AMERICA IS NOT AFRICAN AMERICANS.
WAKE UP PEOPLE!
Expert Search Processed: Residential Mortgage Litigation  Qualified to Purchase  IL 
By all means.
Time for a family outing with my cousins.
Do not follow where the path may lead.
Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Harold R.
McAlindon
Is doctorwing masterpieces, so yes I am doctorwing the cast of PLL.
Day 2 barbq just as good...
Congrats to for winning Best Wine by the Glass!!!
Unfortunately, some who really need it would never want it.
Bumps in the Night Halloween Party 10/29/2011.
10 gets you in and all proceeds benefit our Youth Scholarship Fund!
STAY TUNED
The idea of moving out of state is very appealing.
Just pick up and leave
As if in response to yesterday's tweets, recorded a site today adjacent to a cleared well pad area.
Likely at least part of site removed.
Fuck did not mean to tweet that
OMG Did Whitney Houston really die??!!
I hope its just a rumor :
you deff need to catch up!
Author, Jules Verne said, I believe cats to be spirits come to earth.
A cat, I am sure, could walk on a cloud without coming through
Its amazing a talking building!!!
LOL !!!
Chakra GNU/Linux  Interview with the Development Team
...
It's so fucking hard to get in touch with some people.
Gotta get at them on Twitter?
Really?
Press pause!
We're closed 4pm5pm today to set up for tonight's FREE PLAY PARTY!
Free games all night for a 5 cover!
Doors open  5pm, 21.
how tf u gonna fucks wit jeezy and not know bout trap or die thats like o I like jay z what's reasonable doubt or the blueprint
What did you use for Syntax Highlighting on ?
Looks great!
Someone give me a s/o?
I get pulled over for walking sometimes because this is a bad neighborhood, but never with my work uniform on.
Taco Bell uniform  camo
reviewing new opportunities to start July 2012 ping me at
Starting a dating site for people who just want someone to take a walk with after a big meal.
thank you so much!
I must disagree.....
you have mass amounts of patience.
Of coarse you prolly use it up on me ..
SorryAboutThat!
Welcome aboard the good ship !
Thanks for following.
Visit us at www.baltimorefoodcoop.com and pledge to join our merry band!
Doing shots on Lincoln RD.
in Miami.
basic parallax.
dude, did you sleep through my class or something?
ux trend
Might be going to Eddys Attic in GA to see oct 3 21
Didn't think getting to would be so stressful.
Missed closing by a minute.
: Felt like Ferris Buller trying to get here.
Madison?
Can You Please Please Please Answer My Question.
What Is Your Middle Name?
Hey!
Whats up?
I swear...I needa learn how to cut hair so I can save myself some money and have my own hustle once i get to college...
that new max p3 look to fie
Key to court reporting: finding nonrepetitive ways to slip alleged, accused and supposed into every other sentence.
it's funny when there's a difference between pencils and Pencils.
1st person to catch thief stealing our sign on video  file police report gets 100 Just send us copy of video  report!
Presenting on how to stop bullying through Twitter!
Followers, send me your messages for my students!
nsn3d is going to be fantastic the theater was packed so i couldnt go but im going whenever i can
Thanks to   engaging  exciting, a great creative combo!
lmao..
i know i just got the tweet on my phone..
i feel smart :
story of my life lately..where's the fairy that is supposed to sprinkle sleep dust on our pillows???
Aw, thanks!
Glad to hear things are going well.
Singlesource content woot woot!
this sweet house in Brewers Hill.
Plumpers and I are taking our friendship to phase two!!
OH MY GOO IS VERIFIED ON TWITTER ...
3
Just confirmed that I'll be covering the pro prospects at the next month.
Excited!
thanks for the add!
Look forward to getting to know you.
:
lol it happens.
For years I wouldn't eat Chinese food bit then a co worker broke it down to Dude, it's just chicken.
lol
I got 5 classes on tuesdays and thursdays tho lol
Play trivia , TONIGHT, for a chance to win a pair of tickets to The knowledge fest starts at 6p.
About to make some doctoram catchers.
As if three weren't enough.
yeah is my buddy!
What age group do u teach?
did you get my message on Facebook?
So much controversy, let's all write to mtv studios and get them to like say the honest truth or something!
:D
Funny how I've been friends with you since 7th grade and you can't even say hi to me
so, I'm back, I guess, for whatever that's worth.
In Hip Hop celebrating independent women and not degrading them is selling now.
I'm confused.
Should I hold a door open and insult her?
Declare victory over your day!!
God has already equipped you for what He has called you to do.
I consider it my new hobby!
The human body is the most complex, fascinating machine ever made
mostly josh .3
are your listeners REALLY going to stepup more than the morning listeners in the CivilWar Auction?
WE hope so!
Feels great to be hammering out new features every day again.
We're building some killer stuff for you API nuts!
You didn't get my text?
I texted you asking if you wanted to join
No idea, but I'd sure like to find out...
Movies w/my Chick !
i'm here all week ; hey but for reals though, Bible Study this summer?!?!
you're going.
i'll doctorg you if i have to
It's 29 degrees out here.
Ridiculous for
Luke Bryan on Pandora and doing some muchneeded spring cleaning starting with my shoes  closet...oh boy.
SEO/SEM is in my blood.
Even if my job doesn't require it.
I can't help but influence executives, developers  sells with SEO/SEM strategies
Long distant runners are constantly pushing for faster times to finish their race..Saints, push yourself to achieve the greatness of Christ!
Just shows how much I've actually used You can, indeed, check into books.
Surrender time get ready for thursday night...
Get here early and tell your friends use my name at the guestlist!!
Only
Gotta ask, whos doing your shirt printing?
We've gone through about a dozen companies to find a GREAT one!
Okay good!
Let us know if the problem keeps happening and we'll try to help!
going to ko, goodnight twitter 
TWO campuses, TWO mission trips this August.
Raleigh is going to DomincanRep and Apex to Ecuador!
Email
Thanks so much!
preordering anything that isn't naturally scarce is insane.
See: Video games.
what time and channel was it on?:o
Well, it's back to the real world tomorrow.
Listening to rate study on PEV home charging.
All rate designs are charging offpeak.
i wish you followed me!/3
RT  The Jacksonville Jaguars likely will be without starting cornerback Derek Cox against the passhappy New Orleans Sain...
If your in your 30s and u still go to video game conventions somethings wrong wit that picture
So..
now we look forward to another year of Casserole or Kyle Orton?
Who's excited to see at tomorrow night ?!
Targeted Attacks include steps of incursion, discovery, captainre, and exfiltration, according to Symantec's Tillett  scary!
My new Twitter background kicks so much ass.
its the most amazing man ever Pssst its 3 Lmao
Happy Birthday JoJo!!!
Cleveland Rocks!
Today Show's Jenna Bush Hager is interviewing president, Diana Rauner, at Educare of Chicago for a story on ece.
Pics on the way
How do you like Seattle compared to Atlanta?
And when will you be an official Seattleite?
:
damn you wasn't supposed to laugh yo!
Jp why a good looking girl like you in need of that anyway?
I'm on board.
half day of school today 3
think Rees might be done...
Assaulting a Cop?
Good lord
patience is a virtue but....
True that.
I love thunder storms
here's how I see it.
We have two options 1 more gay discrimination talk or 2 a leader who speaks for us.
That's it.
clooneywatch downtown on reading road right now!
Watching the Justice League.
The kid in me is excited
done!
And Samoas ;
We've never tweeted to each other, but I've been following your tweets.
My thoughts and prayers are with your family!
Guess I'll go get ready for bed now:/
World Daily Breaking News www.tncnews.com
sry  I missed this question: I have had multiple orders from my Tweets since I started using them
What visionaries are left at Apple?
They better try to tap into that ghost.
Put my fair share of negativity out there yesterday, being positive or at least containing my negativity to myself today
Ive had the same number for 10 years...
Thinkin its time for a change ;
Happy Mother's Day !!
ChaChing!
The music of successful people everywhere...Chaching!
Lisa Morgan
The SourceFestival begins this Saturday!
To the man singing loudly next to me at the gym, I know you have headphones in but so do I and I can still hear you!!
I don't get it...
Smh
Ain't no thing but a chicken wing lil' homey.
Happy Easter Facebook friends!
: being berated comes w the job
wow : my friends are really sweet : a lot of y'all missed me :p 3
I think we doctorving to work in a hurricane smh..Heat vs Knicks
With the hoopla surrounding ArmyNavy, AFA sometimes seems like an afterthought.
Not as much if all the games are on CBS.
Boosie the king of the South!!!!
C'mon Michigan, get your heads outta your asses!
Dang, what we wouldn't give for a bag of those right now!
Thanks for all the birthday love my peeps!
I feel very blessed joyful and excited about this next year.
Big Thangs a comin!
:D
ImThatPersonWho needs A LOT of space around me when watching a sporting event.
Yes, but consider who praise is from.
MT : Honestly, all the praise for Obama now makes his evolution look even more craven.
Keep on makin movies bro you're a pimp
thanks!!
Great job on 1st place.
I wish my girlfriend loved me :
She probably had something in her eyes lolthis cute girl just winked at me with both eyes at the same time.
:
Hello!
When will the nominations for this year's Imagen Awards be announced?
Trash Tweets!!
I want your job too, lady!
Haha
saw you Saturday night at SUR.
you looked more beautiful in person.

want you to WIN a trip for 2 to XFighters Freestyle Motorcross!
FOLLOW to enter!
i'm quite a poet..
This book would be a great resource to get us through
Make Kony famous
Finally trying out
Yep.
Library just bought one.
Why shouldn't he walk McCann?
Sets up a force at every base...wait a minute!
CubsDisaster RT : This isn't going to end well
Now taking your twitter questions on all things sports.
NBA Playoffs, Winterhawks, Olympics.
You set the topic.
We'll answer on air tonight.
ThingsIDislike complainers and mean birds.
Everything else is ok.
Did adwars last night.
I cost my team a point when I insisted ESPN started in 1980.
Fundoctoriser set for Aquebogue boy with pediatric cancer  Riverhead NewsReview
I'm so grateful to have a best friend that's willing to help me out when my own family won't  beyond blessed!
I pledged Spr '96 and these tragedys always turns my stomach but how do u stop what some mistake as a right of passage?
Huge dunk by from
Thank you :
North Carolina dusts off old 'BLACKS ONLY' water fountains ...
They're on a roll?
Happy Birthday Born This Way
Form field validation for a mobile landing page that asks for email addoctorss and zip code, utilizing a regular expression and ctypedigit.
This is a question for all the doulas and midwives: How are do you practice good selfcare?
What do you do to take care of yourself?
it's really been almost unreal how well we've been playing.
Expected us to be good in 2012, but we're straight dominating
haha I'm glad I entertain you!
:
Aw Thankyou...Stay Inspired my friend, Never quit!
RT : Marvin Gaye is my biggest inspiration.
What kind of weather is this?
Did we skip fall?
Chimera makes it two!!
David Conley sees grade 12 as opportunity for deepening K12  highered collaboration; acknowledges states need to play a role.
The penguins..
Curious beings they are.
I still haven't figured out why they kidnapped me and forced me to tweet for them
RT : Truly appreciate the creative work of others, your own creativity grows stronger.
Late to the twitter show but we're coming strong!
Yankees Clap Clap Clap Clap Clap
Good Morning :
Still cant help but wonder what might have been if Melo would have just hit the books.
When geeks see invitation only they think oh that can't be me unfortunately reminds at least some of high school days
Join me every Monday night at 10 p.m.
e.s.t.
on www.pararocktv.com for Dark After Thoughts.
You never know what I will come up with next
Hey Brian do you think if the Falcons have a losing season or they go 04 in Playoffs will Mike Smith get fired?
did y'all her there yet
enjoy it:
Whats everybody up to this nice evening?
:BOYCOTT THE ST LOUIS POSTDISPATCHConsider it done!!
Why am I doing this?
Now I'm just confused.
Those dudes r from Scarborough...Canada.
Same hood as Mike Myers/John Candy/Eric McCormack/Jim Carrey.
Rock on!
Be patient with us...we are still having website problems.
Don't forget you can always call us for help when we're open!
5705873440.
Engine oil only breaks down in the presence of contaminants...remove the pollutants and keep your oil www.allgreenoilrefiner.com
Dentist time, arghhhhhhh!!!
Think of wonderful things, Versace doctorsses, Jimmy Choo shoes, Celine bags!!!
X x.
Cats in the house!
Big donkey butt.....
Do not follow where the path may lead.
Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Harold R.
McAlindon
All this fuss about The Killing mostly just makes me want to watch the last two eps asap to see what all the sturm und doctorng is about
Stayed tuned for behind the scenes pics as Pink Rocks The Runway Present's Christian Siriano Spring 2012.
filing or filling or Philly?
: NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of Where the Wild Things Are, Dies at 83  RIP, I still love that book!
They gave up 36 to a team that averaged around 20!
All TALK, no substance.
My kids would kill me if I gave it away!
Cont.
Would not have happened if the girl had been white.
So let's not get it twisted that this child was a wayward youth or should not cont
A special shot out to our sponsors: North Milwaukee State Bank, Lounge Boutique, Attorney Tarena Franklin  Embellish Permanent Cosmetics
lol.
your church called me at 5:45 am to spread the word and I had to use what I had.
you go your way...
i'll go mine.
it was fun while it lasted, but it wasn't working for me
Want FREE prizes from and ?
Text FREE to 35350 now for chance to win!
Be sure to hit up Mo's tomorrow for St.
Paddy's
That feeling when you do something right just because not for anything in return .
Favorite color.
GO!
Last day in the studio.
We'll see you soon Virginia!
Kiss Me Underneath The Mtt 
So cold.
Hot shower, flannel PJ's, scarf, blanket...
still cold.
Boo.
would you rather be waddle or silvy's boyfriend?
thanks brutha!
livin for the one who gave his life for me ya dig
nothing as elaborate as Osbourne though.
Thanks for the mention and I enjoyed the opportunity very much.
Absolutely!
Use Clouds any way you like.
I'll make you a new jingle in about two weeks.
My muse is returning...
: Just saw The Avengers.
Felt like The Hulk was a bit of a racial slur.
And a little close to home.
Goddamn Irish.
Check out Graham's new epic site
Just realized I have a date in an hour.
Thank goodness I out it in my calendar.
I'll be up awhile
nw Malibu's Most Wanted.
it's your favorite!
Have changed my ways and am no longer the nap queen.
Ford might be inclined to launch a smaller model, which will slot it below the aforementioned MKS.
based on the European Modeo
RT Next season includes tributes to Michael Jackson, Ella Fitzgerald, James Bond and other Super Heros.
Debating if I should go to class late and get breakfast, or attempt to be on time everyday for the last week.
I need to shake back , and quick
The less you give a fuck; the more fun you'll have.
where is i snowing?
Lmfao !
That made absolutely no sense at all
The amount of Penguins jerseys on campus has doctorpped significantly.
...something about the power of the hawthorn circle
There will always be people in your life who will tell you you can't do something.
Whether you listen to them is entirely up to you.
Thank you so much!
I'm glad you liked everything!
I'll have to check it out and I'm sorry to hear about sick kids RT : coupons plus that U save program are pretty good
hahaha it's okay you know now!!
You're coming to the competition this weekend right?
For which game?
lucky you my friend, luck you.
UTV!
hth2012 Frank: quotes science.
50.2 of researchers report data only available on their own personal machines
This band is awesome!!!
Wow.
The name is Stranger Danger and we WILL have them back!!!!!
OMG, thought we were already following.
Totally fixed that now!
RT : How about a follow?
I hope I win.
I could use a new Canon so bad.
Broke my 7d this past weekend shooting a student film.
Which committee are you chairing?
:
: How are you feeling?
Much better, thank you!
Xoxo
I would have been surprised if you didn't check Hahahahaha ;
Someday, we will all be nothing but a memory, so take the time now to decide what you want to leave as your legacy.
What is Prenatal Chiropractic and How Can it Help You?
is that the SAME dog?
Just arrived in Seattle.
Need a coat.
On my mind Day3: HOMEWORK HOMEWORK and more HOMEWORK.....
Whether you are a banker, a broker, an agent, or an individual, when it comes to your title and closing needs,
Don't miss it 7PM mt time.
he makin him dance out there.
I read your comment on my blog yesterday and I couldn't resist.
Let the cuteness war begin!
Glamo 's Guide to Walking in Heels In tonight 's brandnew episode of Glam Fairy, the gang makes over the New Jersey Titans, an allfemal
Arrived at DFW to find Lubbock flight cancelled to nar11.
I cannot win.
Will try to fly later today, but it may be tomorrow.
thank you!
some friends of mine just toured Australia recently and made me jealous, do I'd like to someday!
Whoa there, magazine, I already bought you.
No need to pop out a million little post card babies asking me to subscribe.
didn't take long for his Nuggets teammates to learn about the Stone missile!
Lol
Nothin like a flat tire on your first jump to put your mind at ease!
Pump it up, jump twice, and repeat.
in a town with in and out burger?
I'm disappointed.
Thanks for the greetings great followers!
Great.
Taking a full course load this summer at good old KSU!lol.
how are you?
please follow back?:
MLB Trade and Debt Talks at deadline: U.S.
trades Reid and McConnell to China for two mathematicians and an economist to be named later.
yes!
I'm going to text you.
I cant wait to hear all about your trip.
What if I can't forget you?
Ill burn your name into my throat ill be the fire that looks at you What's so good about picking up the pieces?
I'm late to the party in posting that dog beater will now be sentenced on 11/18.
....is really trying to get the hang of twitter!
I said I didn't want ppl 2 follow me on twitter....I always say FOLLOW ME 2 THE SHOP!
That's a lot of Kuchar kids.
19 more followers til 200, come on guys help us out!
I love it!
Thank you for the chuckle!!

Aww!
Hope it goes better for you.
Absolutely perfect day for Bogs in Chicago!
cant tell
I'm done fucking with people about prom and hotel and riding to king island shit I'll pay these hotel and kick with my self
i agree that Tre uses Jac, don't like it
Yeah it looked pretty familiar.
Used to live a block from there.
Btw, thanks for all the knowledge you doctorp in here!
Much appreciated
You are alive!
Where the f was Sheie?
School starts in 6 long days need to get back to work before I forget how to paint!
thanks for the follow!
I'm following back!
I like your apparel do u have somewhere I can view more?
We took shots of tequila last night for Cinco de Mayo except one person mistakenly took a shot of salt.
She was foaming salt at the mouth.
CJ Watson's end game coach is Marion Barber.
.
You can twist the cheap ones...
in a sharpener!
I'm an educator...how much do you think I make?
Ha ha...
Sum ppl dnt know da real meaning of it
Thanks 90's on 9 for playing Ace of Base.
I'm now 16 doctorving around Cbus w/ 
Are you saying Firefox 4 is buggy or 5 ???
I upgraded as soon as my addons became compatible
Hilarious thought: Pens sign JJ and retire his number...good heavens...what will become of the Pens next season haha
Gr8 weekend!
RT : Thanks, Masters of Wine.
Angle: UT not interested in moving unless Big 12 breaks up.
If so, Pac 10  attractive destination for both UT and AM.
Dumpling Wars teams on stage now for the reckoning.
Who will win?
Pens defenseman just slashed jagr's stick in half......uhh no call again?
integration with very soon!
//cc
no, doctorught is almost over.
We should have beer by the beginning of May, if not before
Farewell, Apple.
Hello Linux Mint!
Troyzan has gone Charlie Sheen survivor I say that with much love and respect to the warlock
yes, but a pretty funny statement for someone to make that is in a leadership position
We need a new renaissance
That's a real possibility!
Remaining true to the innovative spirit that doctorves the craft beer industry, Ambicon Beer will soon open their artisanal brewpub in India.
I promise that together, we can keep out of the Perfect Club.
Inbox zero achieved.
At least until those 200 people reply.
thank you for following me!
I look forward to learning  sharing!
I've got these long ,dancers legs...
That Carmelo fatskinny body observation was spoton.
thanks for your support of AIDSWalk12!
The name..Sad one of our namesakes passed recently..Earl Sgruggs U Will Be Missed..Flatt  Scruggs..Flattened Squirrels.4EVER
Sweet, my bro got me a ucwhiteout shirt from their bball game BEARCATNATION!
:
.
Lawrence?
Lawrence, Kansas?
Query from Berlin...
Germany, that one.
Yes, definitely!
Thanks!
We are excited too.
Communism is like one big phone company.
Don Marchand gave me a box of CheezIts today....
They're gone.
Most addictive substance..EVER!
LOL.
I didn't know his name was Bert.
i say fuck these fake ass bitch
nope.
just had the munchies, apparently.
Thanks Jim!
Thanks to Carnival of Cleavage, Circus Della Morte, and everyone at the Attic in OKC.
We had a blast last Saturday night!
Do you know any Hollywood celebrities that answer any of their fan mail?
Do any of them talk, via any methods, with any of their fans?
Long day in the studio...
Still have a ways to go...
cant wait till school ends!!
Me and are gonna have a good time
I think I like instagram more than twitter.
simplicity 
Some girls ask guys to open jars for them; asks me to open Trader Joe's candy packaging for him.
lol I hope my teachers didn't expect me to actually do my homework...
well...my 9900 went out on me....getting replaced.
not in the mood for no disappointment and no run around..
tired of that shit
Interesting.
If you are planning to cover this for the Reader, consider talking to marketing expert
it goes by crazy fast !!!
Just a hop skip and a jump away!
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more.
Tony Robbins
How long does it have to go on?
This punishment?
Haven't I done time enough,haven't I served my term?
can't I apply for a pardon?T Williams
Sweetdoctorams THIS FRIDAY  INFERNO!!!!
PRE SALE TICKETS AVAILABLE NOW!!!
PrettyGirls ARE
I take it this is in your back yard, or close??
lol, its not my needs, it's my clients needs!
Wow!
I haven't heard that song in forever.
you and are so cute together!!!
3333 follow?
:
Im so excited is finally back in the u.s;I can finally be awake at the same time as him; so mayyybee he will notice me now 2
That Michael KiddGillcrest guy can't beat out John Henson!?!?
It's not about who judges u by ur past.
It's about who loves u for who u were,who u are, what u'll become.
Some Karmalicity folks
sweet can't get on my
I should've known...
For about an hour or two in the morning, I hate my life.
The rest of it is pretty fuckin' awesome.
RT : helped produce an AMAZING event yesterday!
Colortone was topnotch!
I highly recommend!
i sent u a DM !!
lol
no doubt thx
didn't get the txt.
Should I send my number again?
Thank u!!
Support YW staff  participants!
Staff must get their paychecks  participants afterschool  elder care!!!
no way!
Look who caved :.
Today was the last day of being around Directionators all freaking day!
Well until school starts again, that is....
Outdoor seating is now open !
Come enjoy the sites of the beautiful West Loop neighborhood.
Metabolic testing and customized supplements are no longer luxuries for the rich.
They are a necessity for anyone who wants to stay healthy.
animation world premiere just shown at TEDxUSC visit USC.edu/creativity to watch
Odd future tonight.
Good morning, Seattle!
We're one day closer to bringing u the bestdeals that are local !
Don't be scared, pricemobster WILL protect you.
We need a regimen of prayer  fasting.
This is the area in which you should be religious
you said he reminded u of
Maybe all the girls in Hemet.
Gotta admit the guy has helped pull off some pretty crazy last second victories.
You can do it!
That you are conscious enough to type is a good sign.
We are expecting 2 in May  occasionally doubting my sanity.
I'll pick you guys up from the DMV don't worry.
questionsthatdontgetanswers Y ask Y
nope no crazy party this year just me...
: thank so much for your help last year for
RVA!
Information about next year's festival is coming soon!
Hope my younger cousins dont end up like my older cousins
my sister was giving me a bunch of crap because she was doing better with twitter than i could.
lol
Retweeting tweets that have my name in it so I look popular.
guys love Halloween.
its when cute girls doctorss up as a slutty
light  space didn't disappoint.
Last piece I saw in the 2 venues was Irwin window apertures.
WOW.
Indelible art experience.
Everyone please go follow he will FollowBack 5
Limited run  7 episodes.
Fingers crossed for it surviving for next season, but I'm not optimistic.
It's actually legit.
days later developed ringworm on their head which was burning and enflamed.
They called the day Pentecost.
DIRTY JEWS!
know of anyplace I can get some?
Sounds intriguing
Early morning
dailyfeedback Songs w.
a Latin influence on Quatro de Mayo  Kirsty MacColl
Bout to take the doctorg test for Walmart
i 3 u your my role model
If you were looking for beer tweets from me today, sorry bout that.
I'm in action on my news Twitter instead for today's election:
Whoah!
I'm sorry you have to go through that.
Q4
Do you agree a rushed investigation makes a weaker case and enhances chance of acquittal.
Hasty helps shooter's lawyers.
hey, check us out.
we're new to vegas and we're going to start playing here soon.
Very legit music.
so you opened it, right?
I LOVE YOU:
SCHOOL IS POINTLESS.
English  We Speak It.
History  They're dead get over it.
Math 112 Beyonce taught us that .Spanish  We Have Dora.
I laughed the most at the guy in Starbucks!!
Lol
oh yes im actually in this shyte!!!
i close da whole show!!!
hell yeah!!!
im mortified, lol
Oh PrettyLittleLiars i have missed u !
:
Don't think so.
The Strong is grateful to Jesse's Toy Box for its contribution of train tracks and accessories in support of the U.S.
of Play train display.
which is impressive, but many 100 win tms have lost in the playoffs.
Folks are talking like they're head/shoulders abv lg
We want to give our guests every possible opportunity to succeed.
Hi Honey I love you so much You are the best and most beautiful wife in the world I can't wait until our Pregnant in Heels
ya it was raw me n my boi gotta change up a few things
Put to shame in the weight room today.
It looks incredible thank you for all you did!!
I'll try to have fun just so this doesn't go to waste!!
:
Just sitting here writing some stuff for work and wishing I could get more creative.
It's been a long day.
Guess I'll try it again tomorrow.
Having a meeting for the last hour of the day 
No individual inhouse SEO person can out perform an SEO company.
Specially one that has bast link exchange networks.
Having both in the key
Word of the day: tartle.
To hesitate in recognizing a person or thing.
Now you have a word for that time when someone who obviously kn...
Loving my SDSU and tonight!!
yes!
call!
I am pretty free after WORDSTOCK is over
How about the Bowl!?
R.K.
Narayan any day!
RT : social media is an open door to educate and empower others
If you are worth 10Billion dollars  HIRE A doctorVER!
Five coming your way in the next hour.
:
Watching Brad Paisley play on Invitation Only.
Does he ever play a nonpaisley guitar?
I am still in shock that we got the Flyers in the first round.
Gunna be some big can't miss games.
Hi, Nancy!
Nice to meet you!
BTW my handle means libhedgehog in Russian
sex panther?
Pacman looking real good remind Rick to look out for the punch you do not see coming those are the one that hurt most left hook ouch !
pretty nice, huh?
Then those poor 'busts' can go make at least 80k100k playing in Europe.
Rough life.
I know I'm late on this but thank you for the FF!!!
:D
slept like 2 hours last night..not in the mood for school :/
I'm upset as a Knicks fan that we lost but not due to effort.
Hope to see you in South Beach Heat fans.
A kind of day.
: Glad we're not the only ones!
if anyone is interested in getting there music in front of 1100 music business shakers and movers at Midem this year message me.
and the red lip stick I hope??
I agree.
Intelligent, tragic, and souIful.
Felt like he lived every single word.
Would love 2 have had a chance 2 interview him
I don't.
I was just giving him and his team advice ;
Jill Scott showing them how its done.
Aww man!
Kay, I want the kids and the house
Hermann Hesse the Author Or?
CODYJAKEUSTREAM GOLDCOASTFINEST WELCOMETOPARIDISE i cannot explain to you how amazing you are!!!
will you pleease call me restricted??
So, at best this Shyam Das getting fired thing is really bad PR, at worst it's incredibly nefarious.
Idk how having thick ass thighs and a big hips became everyones doctoram; If I see anything getting bigger i hit the treadmill quick  swift!.
I say both those words all day.
I am in the mood to hit someone with a water balloon.
Refresh my memory  when does this Smingus Dingus thing happen again?
Matt Cain gets a CG 1hitter and is trending worldwide on twitter.
w00t SFGiants I'm not fazed by our slow start at all!
Brian Brohm, Vic Anderson, and Trent guy all signed contracts with CFL team Montreal Alouettes.
Looks like I have a new favorite CFL team
professort spite may figure in somewhere.
It's common enough.
do you know what is being built on 135 west near the gas station?
Meet my dedication, inspiration.
It may be smothering you but you know it's the truth.
Also, curvy brackets are way prettier than square brackets.
It says so in ISAARCPF.
Thanks for the follow
negatory.
I am the yellow ranger because I was born first and you have never seen the original power ranger show!!!
Thank you!
Lacedfacts family we will pick a d1 team every week and give you facts on them throughout the week..athletes and fans of that team follow up
Godz Messenger May 5th at Citadel of Hop Evangelist Church of God in Christ 1517 Ralph David Abernathy Blvd, Atlanta, GA 30310
WA's recent support of gay marriage rights will lead to 88M over 3 yrs in additional spending, mostly from increased tourism.
Merry New Year!!!!
Good discussion on studentvoice.
Thanks all.
Is the Fire coach listening to his Ipod during the game?
ICantStandPeople that always complain about how they look 
Never do today what you can put off till tomorrow.
Delay may give clearer light as to what is best to be done.
I'm so tired lolz
In your face!
WICKED!
STEVE SMOOTH IS FOLLOWING ME!
awe lol u know I love u chine !
oh, that's cool!
Did she go to just to see things?
New on the EAT Menu Sardines A La Plancha, Shaved Fennel, Citrus, Frisee, Fermented Black Garlic, Sevillano Olive, Meyer Lemon Pudding
Mtg w/ Tijuana Mayor Bustamante to discuss binational cooperation in managing, preserving  protecting natural resources along the border
I have a planet P on my face.
He who laughs last, laughs longest.
Steak n' Eggs Fried Rice...share the love!
Marinated tri tip, ginger soy fried rice, over easy egg...I love my menu!
Order now!
Tunnel vision all i see is money
If  when I get verified on Twitter..I can tell my mom I finally made it.lol
Getting started at aimstech12.
What fun!
Hustle class on now with Larry.
Tango and cha cha lesson next then its party time!
See ya!
TWO MORE WEEKS
Good night guys!
We got thru Monday!Tomorrow should be even easier specially since we have BTTR!
See u there at NE 127 st  US1 5:3010pm!
Love your mix!
The part II will be next month ;
TheAwkwardMoment When You Pose For A Picture Your Not Suppose To Be In..!
:
well, my gf left.
her gpa JUST died : and now i feel bad...
is looks like it
you still want/need William's number?
No, sorry.
Gaming as verb not activity.
Gaming the system
Looking for a federal career?
Find it on the list of 150 Best Federal Jobs bit.ly/3ih0QG
Proddang that girl is sexy Princedo you wear shades cuz your blind because obviously she is sexier!
points to tori
Verdasco survives Rochus scare Fernando Verdasco battled back from one set down against Olivier Rochus to reach the second round of the M
YES DALLAS WON!!!!
I'm a new follower also a subscriber to your youtube channel which I sent you a message today.
I appreciate your time n thoughts
what?!?
i swear i was following!!!
maybe cos you were on my posse list.
shrugs now following
In a thousand years, archeologist will find tanning beds and think that we fried people as a punishment .
I marched in the Vetrens day Parade
NP : Just staying in to get some hw done!!
GARAGE SALE!
Teays valley meadows I made the sign so you have to come :D
Follow through, don't cheat yourself.
haha thank you!
30waystomakeagirlsmile tell her how pretty she is.
I need to work on being more optimistic.
Every struggle brings newfound strength.
Put french onion dip in front of me and I could probably down a whole bag of chips
So today was a good day.
I'm sleepy  hungry now!!
Hmm What to eat!?
late response, but as of now our next show won't be till December sadly.
Were working on something for November.
Okay and Lucas is so cool because he wears his sexy shades indoors.
What.
A.
Boss.
ill say by 8.
it's sexy when a girl takes charge  admits she wants sex .
haha cool!!
IM GONNA MEET HIM TOO!!!
Can someone send me a good suggestion for a new display picture
Never accept to be second to someone, when you can be first to someone else.
Without PASSION life is nothing.
:
The best time to wear a striped sweater is all the time !!!!!
People from before come back with so many memories.
i will always love you.
Inspiring USD NP Gov.
Conf!
Love this: board development is indispensable part of individual development.
We grow together.
FUCK I DIDNT GET MY MOM A MOTHERS DAY GIFT IM SUCH A BAD DAUGHTER/3
: Universe to Ant Hill Earth  humanity, get a clue.
There is something vastly bigger than ...
you.
Did I miss it or was the Beasties' induction cut from the RR Hall of Fame Ceremony on HBO?
Phoenix, Arizona today for the 2012 Women's NCAA Division II Super Regional Golf Championship
And the essence of what made today's country music really country is probably more the white side too.
but yeah.
Thanks for the RT !
: They said I deserve the best.
But if the best isn't you.
I don't want it.
we love your life Steve
Call me mister.flintstone i can make ur bedoctorck.
my sister loves it in Raleigh..
no clue why
Like what?
If i were a super villain id want to be the pussy toaster
how are you and the kids doing?
Are you enjoying this nice weather?
I helped my son buy a truck yesterday, he was very happy.
Fuck Officer friendly, kids today need Lawyer Friendly.
And Lawyer Friendly's first words of advice.
Keep your mouth shut, kid.
I need a second to catch my breath.
Do you want me, or do you want me dead?
Looking forward to the filmore tomorrow night :
Good Morning!
damn even the queen has a Facebook
best buy...the latest sex scandal, sex makes news.
how about music,poetry,prose even art.
a person's 15mins of fame should not be in cuffs
Kitchen, bedoctorom, office, living room all cleaned.
Laundoctor room and bathrooms still to go.
i want some good eloise breezy beautiful cover girl back up tea grandma use to make
that just hurts the eyes
shouldn't there be something called play ethic?
Awesome Cameron quote: You have to imagine the possible before you can go and do it.
Think he's got an EC flag?
:
You can't share your doctorams with everybody, cause when you do some people will try to steal them them.
A snob yet over attentive.
Woohoo!
Enjoy!
RT : Wowza Y'all are super fast!
Thanks my giftcard arrived today!!
I love you Lucy girl.
In the words of others.
U don't show interest in the Turkish fans Here everyone is dying for you But u don't care Not fair
long story...
It's partly down to doing a whole lot of
The backlog of unread/must read books has expanded from the shelf onto my kindle.
How to keep pace?
Wow.
I do his dishes, and instead of saying thanks, he complains about how I put them in the cupboard upside down and not rightside up.
Wtf!
VEVOnewfront Digital is only place where you can create an immersive experience.
If someone insults Sally Fields in front of me, I automatically hate them...
Because she reminds me of my mom.
are you taking that this summer?
this fall a must see Jhedayah juice Gibbs Marshall Academy workout session YouTube doctorunnk1 and nycbulldogs to get a sample
In the past month and a half I've been invited to four baby showers and three weddings.
Must be the warm weather.
Happy Mothers Day too all!
NBA: Daily Dime After the Bulls routed the Hawks without the reigning MVP, what would Chicago's chances be without Derrick Rose?
Good, thank you:
Could You Take Away Half A Second Of Your Life To Hit The Follow Button For Me Pleeasse .?:
WooHoo  figgered out how to get email attachments to google docs!!
i agree.
At Wimbledon, yes.
The AusOpen uses the college rules.
Both players get two serves the first 3 Ots and the one serve after.
Really enjoyed the Vin Rouge from North Leaf Winery tonight.
the article on pursuit?
Is our gateway role on the wane?
Our perceived buyer role on the rise?
If so, these can be opportunities
Cody has a butt?
I heard the tix were like 300 or something, so I'll be waiting too lol.
We should all go together when she does come!!
Most wouldn't....
FAUXNEWS contributor!?
Family dad must be rolling over...
Relationship troubles?
Or Single and looking?
Follow and for amazing tweets that can help you out!
RT
shortly after 8p in Soho!!
www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic ...
Check out Billboard Song Contest Finalist TROUBLE IN PANTS by Beka  the Gin Hall Hustlers
Weird fact: I work best when LawandOrderSVU is playing in the background.
Alright!...I know everybody is wondering about Marcos!
..he's gonna be okay he's alive and healthy resting at the hospital.
have u tried stl pizza?
Any favs?
rain on my face
Now hiring Inbound  Outbound Sales Associates as well as Call Center Managers, Supervisors,  Trainers.
www.trgcs.com/joinus.html
I love Blake but that deal puts us further in the hole
Watching Missing with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
hhlib in poll of attendees, over past 6 months 2/3 have had a patron/user ask about ebooks because they've just acquired an ereader device
Was i the only one who got a survey on 95th
Watchin the Movie I Think I'm In Love Again : Ilu Justin And Keep It Up 3
Enjoy your night everyone, come back tomorrow and pick up our strain of the day; Purple Bubba!
yeah if they just kept up with news they would know UK and UF doctorpped him, not the other way around.
Watching home videos from like two years ago.
Wow, me and were hilarious!
Right Shane?
;
Preach my brother!
good and u
RT : As always, we have doctornk specials too 1 pints, 2 Pie shots, 4 Pie Bombs, and something new Pudding Shots.
Can't wait until my auntee wedding on the 26 of May so proud of her
Biblical Living homework done now 3 more classes to go
My life is Doctor Who, The Office, Buffy, ColdStone, writing essays, and Say Anything.
That makes me happy and sad at the same time.
please followw back:
ok that will be worth 500.
Fair?
no snow here, i feel left out
Thanks for the RT!
would love to, but will be in either Amsterdam or Santa Clara that week
Daisy, do me a favor and stop listening to that Miss Shore.
Woe is me 
BuzzWilliams with some 'good' problems down the line on how  when to play Davante G.
when he comes back  need 2 keep uptempo vibe going!
interesting!
i was like: is someone being mean about fat models???
i LOVE fat models.
Not to Late To Reg.
For Bailando con Verizon Event!
Win the trip to Chicago to Compete for 2000.
402.706.6779
i want one too!
!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
im that nigga, ya fuckn right.
Two people told me my arms look big and a third that I look like Bradley Cooper with my sunglasses...not mad at today.
Heading back from one great ministry trip!
:
Trayvon was killed because he was suspicious in a hoodie I say watch out for men in suites Wallstreet robbed America blind in suits
I burnt my bacon.
I want to own a bar called Eleanor Rigby's just so I can have my ad campaign say Where all the lonely people belong.
Thank you CPK for having a great mobile online ordering system!
Easy to navigate my way to tasty salads
Up to no good today.
Getting ready for some serious pranking of family and friends.
Which game?
Thanks, Laura.
I'm going to try...had to put my 13 1/2 year old dog down on Tuesday.
Grief stricken.
xox
SMFH !
This why i trust NO one !
Chocolate Girls Be Pretty : 
I guess I'll go by and look tomorrow!
/:
you're gonna be barney's twin!
Lol.
yes!
and we can doctornkenly dance to the biebs all night.
can't wait
football time :D
Who doesn't love a good chair dance?
Great day started with Ari killing it as my guest speaker and then dinner at Industri and Cast of Killers open mic at
A man in love is like a clipped coupon  it's time to cash in.
// Hey Tony!
Is there a reason most nfl stadiums don't support wifi like Airports?
Seems like a cheap addition w/ high upside.
Let's car pool ...
I'm in coconut creek.
I'll swing by of the Sawgrass Expressway!
We look forward to figuring out the production!
Hi!
I'm back to FB  tweets after a busy week ending in 43 auditions at once!
: Belated Happy Valentine's Day and Gun Hei Fat Choi!
The game is underway at the FreshCoastClassic with hitting the court against St.
Paul's College
that's badass!!!!
I so need to research this.

best!
Cant wait to hear abt trip from U.
RT : know that was relentless for 2 more days re
It is one game OKC.
You almost lost at home and y'all want revenge?
Mavs are gonna win this series
I'll probably tweet lyrics for the rest of class
The Massachusetts Office of Consumer Affairs and Business Regulation: strict state laws on data security...
just accept God's blessing!
It's yours and no one can take it!
I'm so proud and happy for you!!
All day Bachlorette Party!
Let the chaos begin!
Wether blue ivy looks like Beyonce and Jayz or not, she will always be theirs And enjoy their hard work!
Watching Cubs vs Cards game on TV.
Nothing worse than listening to Hrbosky and McLaughlin during broadcast
Reading Game Design Workshop by Tracy Fullerton Good stuff.
Thanks for the recommendation
outstanding investigative reportpolice leave many questions unanswered and look foolishgreat story ITeam!
Atrophied, a love machine becomes something else entirely.
its almost christmas :O
OUCH!!
So many inappropriate jokes there...
RT : No tix to ?
Fret not  join us  watch live stream from Tequila Bar  7pm
yeah!
It's not just bad pitchers!
Learning from the Utah Youth Councils!
They have over 60 Youth Councils state wide!
Go Utah!
Having a good morning pray to god it stays this way without all the doctorma
I'm still here el guapo!
Just rode the elevator with Stan Lee.
Marvel Gentleman.
And we weep
iLoveMyMomBecause she will always be there for me, she is the best mom ever, she is everything and anything I can ask for, I love her
Random I would just like to give a shout out to my best friend, the other half of for EVERYTHING that you do, and ALL that you are!
Attempting to dive into articles on institutional repositories.
Instead, I'm tweeting about it.
Graduation is supposed to be one of the happiest times of my life by lately ppl make it the worst thing ever
Can we talk on the phone for a few minutes?
I can be reached at 5037804338.
Sincerely Frank Odia
Am I alone in remembering how NC struggled last year before they inserted Marshall into their lineup.
Roy Williams is being reminded
lol.
That letter gets more  more funny every time I read it.
cc
Allergies: punk ass.
Eyeballs need to be scratched.
Must stop sneezing!!
Almost bit by a tick!
happy thanksgiving!!33
I miss u like everday.
Wanna be with you but ur away.
I dont want to delete my twitter anymore D: but I have to .
Grr
Look at The crowd lol
Is your bracket still going strong??

shut up girl it was a typo i fixed it.
cool, I'm going to the rocky mountain national park close to Estes park in July.
I didn't know about sand dunes!
knows that light travels faster than sound, which is why some people appear bright until they speak
What in your opinion is the best way to teach music, individually or as a group?
Best wishes for a speedy recovery.
I just checked in at Hinton, WV using the Amtrak mobile application
Taking Authority over the Darkness...
I wish I was in Chapel Hill so I could comfort myself with a TimeOut chicken biscuit.
I've got the Tarheel blues.
keeps reminding me
Thanks for the TWEET!
do you want to be able to manage and edit those custom fields via a UI or can you code it?
glad you enjoyed!
your concept of aspirational subjectivity also spoke to aspirational sexuality in grindoctor
Ask A Lib patron survey says I can't read.
I'd respond, but I haveng liturughcee prahblems.
Teenage republican
Even Kelly and her little cohost today are talking about Mariano.
I still haven't accepted it.
Off and on my way to Amy's scrub shopping baby..
Louis goes Theres 8 of them and 7 of us.
It ain't gonna work out!
I love this kid
Great quote, and it is very true!
first48 PEOPLE KILL FOR NO REASON...
RIDICULOUS...
FIND SOMETHING BETTER TO DO THAN SIT AROUND THINKING OF HOW TO ROB PEOPLE..
JUST SAD ;
get Lou Piniella on Twitter.
Want to hear about his days with Munson and Murcer.
Well I was hungry!
Pardon me, Muhammad
I don't wanna change my icon :c
: You old glitter speaker bag ass nigga
hopefully we can meet that would be great!:
your bed hugs you back?
Where might one pick up one such bed?
I wouldn't go that far ha.
If they played like they do in the playoffs all season long then you would have an argument
track meet in the mornin
What is the most unique location from which you've either delivered or heard a sales pitch?
Starbuckss for breakfast
Guilty : 90 people at some point in their life have tried to close the fridge slowly to see when the light goes out.
Yikes.
RT : We professorled today on SME thanks to their Twitter customer service fiasco.
Go read their updated Twitter bio
Very proud of myself!
Summer session has only been opened since Monday and I have submitted my first three assignments.
no idea, I'm searching Netflix haha.
any suggestions?
Rap Icon Heavy D Dead At 44.
RIP.
Now that we found love what are we gonna do with it?
RT : Been informed the NCAA's earlyentry deadline has indeed been moved up to April 10th.
Much earlier than ...
Go Badgers!
Watch RoseBowl at Milwaukee's best new Sports Pub, Brass Monkey 2 700 E Layton.
Lots of TVs, 1 off Apps  Awesome Specials!
I just fell asleep on my desk listening to the skyrim soundtrack.
Such a soothing listen.
We've figured it's going to take about 30 hours of travel to get back to Nashville from Nairobi O0
Conservatives: please stop comparing the federal budget to personal finance.
These aren't analogous concepts.
Thank you.
Going to Chick Fil A for breakfast will always trump first hour.
Rangers deserve to lose
Thank you so much!
''OMG!
What a cute dog!!'' Gets Closer BARK BARK BARK BARK ''Fuck you too then'' 
My father's hospitality is a bit out of control.
Especially since he believes that it's expected that I will be the one to suffer from it.
doctor Lee is going to VEW tomorrow, watch for live tweets
intense brodown with was sexy and exciting OF COURSE
so you're not counting Romney as significant or a leader?
lol, i kid kid...
I'm looking for writers for Daily BR!NK.
If you like conducting interviews with fascinating people, email me at
I'll be waiting for you
Wishing two of our members a very special and joyous birthday, Happy Birthday josephjohns and tcollins from all of us here at Myfreegenealog
In a church in Italy, instead of a music stand, there was a microphone for me to communicate with the organist during the concert
Ha!
That song really confused me when I was little.
of course :

I don't think that really matters with 7throunders ...
Huge thank you to and ,  all participants
'These hockey playoffs sure are awesome,' said the two people in America watching them.
Swim for the music that saves you
Enjoying a few three day weekends before the four week internship in Georgia begins!
A wish that every day for u'll be happy from the start and may you always have good luck and a song within your heart
A cop asked me today, calmly ....
hey, do u have a gun on you?
If I did or didn't I wouldn't admit to it unless compelled to
new york
Some of the biggest challenges in relationships come from the fact that most people enter a relationship in order to get something: they're
Hey, I Just Met You, And This Is Crazy, But I Kinda Stalk You, So Call Me, Maybe?
Haha:
He sure did!
RT Did you work on it??
Sorry guys for the lack of tweets, we're back but don't call it a comeback!
I think that 27 incher is my next baby, too.
Amazing value.
Me and gaga had an interesting talk about basketball the other day lol
Ambition is the germ from which all growth of nobleness proceeds.
Thomas Dunn English
Thank you to for hosting a wonderful birthday bash last night.
Thanks for the S/O really appreciate it!
wow que calor!
I will melt with that heat LOL
High School.
Boys.
Bieber.
Life.
damn it.
asdfghjkl;
Once you get life insurance, your chances of being murdered go up.
yayayay.
even if it ends up being christmas, we can go to disneyland and it'll be all pretty
I'm starving..
Varmus: true OA is no delay, and without author having to relinquish copyright
: What would life be like if we had no courage to attempt anything.
Vincent van Gogh if we fail try again
Larry Bierke, Mount Horeb administrator who faced termination this summer, will resign next month to become the Platteville city manager.
that is
Did you see last night's Castle?
What did you think?
How many Firefly references did you spot?
omg why did you tweet this
What hospital waiting room doesn't have magazines?
What am I supposed to read?
awww : Dude I love h!
I remember listening to him with my mom everyday in like 5th grade!
Haha
hey you!!
How are you doing?
Trip to McDonalds 
NCES data is for all campuses  is regardless of course delivery method.
U might wish different, but it's accurate.
Going to be catwoman in a liquid tight catsuit!
Party is on my street, live band, bonfire, strobe lights, the works!
Excited!
about TONS?
Awesome.
We had a great turnout w/ coyote  silver dancers.
1 lucky fan will win 1st round playoff tickets
Why am i still up
Mobility is a connected geographic context, not a device or a technology.
i just watched this herron out back snatch a fish out of the lake and eat it whole....
BRUTAL!
I have a new project and want to talk to people in LA area who changed their life in a big way  47 yrs or older.
me Please RT
I need to watch that.
I've been meaning to for years.
:
it's the little things in life that matter the most and leave the greatest impact!
A headshot will only get you into the room.
After that...
you're selling yourself and your talent.
ah.
NOW THURSDAY?!
crazzzyyyyyy!
yeah, I know.
You can text me if you want.
I'm about to go to work lol
yes it's peters line haha
I miss Cali :/ and all it's glory but July is when I am coming home for s couple weeks!
Also NYT buried the story on PAGE 17!
wait was I supposed to add coyoteruns crispinrocks not sure how this works, but I had a blast at the run!
Rain in San Diego.
heaven!!
offline.
be on later maybe:
Going to the Chicago premiere of God Bless America at tonight.
I cut a slit in my doctorss pants to show leg like Angelina.
the wwe good guys will rise again....
:
I'm like a butterfly, pretty to see but hard to catch3
Is that what you call it?
It's not rampant but it happens more than I'd like.
W/artists promoting themselves.
Can I stop it?
Amy Winehouse music is really great for doctornking to.
These people too live o.
The greyhond ..sakina crazy.
so, I want to meet you and I don't know how to make it happen.
Today's the day, April 14.
When I became an ICONiac .
Happy One Year To ALL ICONiacz !
We've gone thru so much,and we're still family.
The kid stampede was a success...now where r my kids.
idk ahaha where you guys going to sleep at ?
agreed!
where r u playing?
golf is becoming very slow lately.
r more new ppl picking it up.
need to make it faster!
Don't forget TURN BACK YOUR CLOCKS TONIGHT 1 HOUR!
I vote we pay for his next transplant......a conscience.
I guess you're the only one who does hehe that's so cute!
such a bad girl :D
Good!
Working hardoctor : how have you been...
Still snowing...
your hair is beautiful
I was born this way.
so gambino right now
Strike that, teaching math again.
Love this HS  the kids.
Lots of teachers protesting in
inspired me to go gluten and dairy free!
I've already lost 8 pounds!
And I just feel so much healthier!
Loving this!:
Thanks for the share
Chad Durbin just made an appearance without giving up a run.
Ian is mesmorizing 
: OH EM EFFING GEE!!
just watched last nights Scandal!!!
hate it's ending next week
The money don't sleep, so Weezy can't rest.
Poor guy.
That's why he needs so much purple doctornk.
that's the true challenge!
K I MISS U
nigga watch it
: good night ladies
: kanye west signs qtip to his g.o.o.d music label...
Thats a good look!
managed to get out of Seattle before the snowpocalypse.
See what happens when MLA12 is over?
City is desolated.
Singing U r good....yes U r yes U r yes U r....so good so good...U r good ALL the time ALL the time U r good
Feel like absolute  cus of
just like in the epl league?
lol yeah I really should
Mike Daniels fr how far back do we go with making data available?
It will depend on funding
Bradley Cooper...also being interviewed backstage.
Do they have a special holding tank backstage for the cast of the Hangover?
Strangely enough my freedom looks like a trombone.
: 
And I totally forgot its cinco de mayo tmister.
Which makes sense why everyone wants to party lol
Its def time for new school for my autistic 9yo boy, school should not threaten me with cops
Damn straight!
ye ik it sounds weird and creepy
The ultimate inspiration is the deadline Nolan Bushnell, via
Record your golf scores by sending a message to  scores..
What a Joke.
mentions RonPaul in the last 5 mins of his show  just says he was funny
Sorry to see gavindegraw and karinasmirnoff leave today.
What a truly nice guy he is!
I'm so excited to go home, forget everything,  cook!
I'm making peanut mango stir fry  my mouth's already watering!
tell you what!
When I get back from Montana.
I will make plans to come see your cute face!
Well you might have a few friends but they're just as bad as you haha
The Market in Snider Plaza, Gypsy Wagon on Henderson and Sample House in Shops of Highland Park...Merry Xmas!
que rico!
goat brains?!
I would only eat them prepped by these awesome chefs!!
B2B marketing requires insight into a companys decision makers, purchase process and org dynamics before developing a marketing message.
did Miller High Life a couple years ago and it was disgusting
the other ones who opened their mouth
great, great photo!
YES!!
The smell of coffee is a BIG Fave!
Hi tweeps hope everyone is enjoying this beautiful, windy Saturday.
I went to 2 grocery stores 2day only found 1 carton unsweetened coconut milk  NO idea when they will get more in?!
At court..sleepy head :
You know the F train has issues when at the station it has a sign that reads we have normal service today.
Bills doctorft unhappy Gilmore
Life is silly if you see like me, so please don't take life so seriously
I'd like to order some of what looks to be rain clouds in the distance.
It's too hot and too doctor in ATX.
ny is not going nowhere
Each Groves residence is designed to meet accessibility requirements to ensure residents receive care in as dignified a way possible.
Such a lost cause
Lol, aww, thank u!
; Thank God he's my Chef Emeril  great menu reader ha!
RT : ...poor coach lolbe nice!
:p
BEN!!!
And I think you guys should make him Australian all of a sudden!
Why waste a sexy accent LOL
it's cool, happens to all of us.
you missed out an awesome bar fight between two chicks though!
please follow back??
:
so it looks like we're all super guilty : In the meantime, Economic importance of coffee and tea Coffee and tea.
JCCC rocks!
Clear signage, friendly people, nice space, even coffee and wifi!
sidlit is off to a good start!
Don't miss our own at Beat Kitchen on Saturday.
He's playing his own show w/ some cool guests  we need you all to sing along.
Reread 2nd tweet of night.
:D
The Afternoon FiX is taking over your radio waves!
Tune in and get more infor at the website, keyword Afternoon MC Nutt
If you don't have a Delightfully Different card yet, you're missing out on free stuff!
You do that with links though, right?
Ya he filmed 4 Travis Porter.
Derek said there was someone else, but I cant remember.
But I got a new director.
3WordsOfAdvice follow me Please
hey buddy and KEEP WELL and thx 4 being an angel 2 help others!
i'll check the office thx man,  sadly not going to make that G:
Thank you We're excited about the expanded capabilities and increased interaction with our readers!
Enjoy :
Heart is broken : /3
You just killed in Pacific Standard Time
Don't Panic.
Which do you check first in the morning: email, Twitter, Facebook, or something else?
I always thought they should add image and link fields that don't count against the 140 character limit.
my nigga eating good
WellBeing: Rock the Creek 5K, Couples Yoga, DC Walk for Animals: Fit Fun
thx for follow, we are in the same hood!
Love the blog today.
The uterus is priceless!
Steve Forbert and Sarah Borges at TCAN on 2/4.
www.natickarts.org.
Grizzled veteran meets spunky young rocker.
Should be a blast.
yeah, when I think dubstep, I don't really think of Diplo, but there's enough good tracks to make it worth 4 IMO
gonna try and go too sleep.....
Night Night:
Anybody have any experience with Jerry Artarama framing?
I have a ton of stuff to frame.
Back to the daily grind.
doctoraming of the weekend already.
Be thankful for what you have because it could all be taken away tomorrow ..
About to buy a Austin Mahone bracelet:
when is the Tom Baker years episode by episode book due out?
I have read the first three and I'm looking forward to the next one
the comment my step dad made yesterday trying to be all funny
Looks like they choose not to cover the Kodak sign with a dirty sheet.
Get a little naughty in your music female artists if you like.
But wild  nasty,save it for your man.
Lady in the streets, you know the rest
haha!
dual language show.
Got to get ourselves listened all over the world!
There are some REALLY under estimated musicians, and it's really sad.
People with no talent are more noticed than people that are amazing.
Subsidy for food security will be fully provided : Pranab
Happy National Grilled Cheese Day!
I will be celebrating at lunch time, most likely pepper jack for me, cheddar for baby.
Sorry for the inconvenience, we're looking into it.
Thank you to everyone who attended the Heart to Art Soiree!
Together we raised 300 in support of arts education!!!
You too!
RT : thankyou so much have a great weekend :D xx
lerobin had as much business winning MVP as Jared Dudley did.
I don't think anyone would be.
:p
Dang Ricky Bobby spins and gets damage.
OVER THE LIMIT12
Warning 1: Didn't know how to make a Sazerac.
2: No Peychaud's bitters.
3: Used doctor vermouth in a Manhattan  just swished it together.
Sad...I was just starting to like !
Boring where is the sun
Hi  could you say hello to my students and give them a link to your edutech site?
when you get a chance let me know how you're feelin the track.
Sobriety is the worst
Band practice today.
Fingers crossed for a few more demos!
It cracks me up when i see 'photographers' using a tripod to shoot portraits in broad daylight.
Yes there is: Deli dog House in Janesville WI.
That's a good one!
Just heard Best Intentions on Great catching up w/ you guys at PD this wknd.
Keep it going!
Tuesday Twinkles
Ima look fly ass fuck on senior citizen day
This Friday it is going down at Club Aurora Richmond Alley Boy is performing live and your favorite models Divine Adonia .
Got some floaters in my doctornk...
No care
haha well I am!
End of!
yeah I know, everybody's in that phase rn, just let me know :
Cool, glad to make the connection
Just hearing that the third floor partially collapsed at the justice center.
Also hearing that some workers or still unaccounted for.
If Ihop delivered I would be the happiest person alive.
confession I got a thing for light skinned girls
: s/o to !!!
watchin my FAVORITE movie 8 Mile....
: shesDOPE Thanks fam
Who's coming to EarthFest this weekend?
The Spin Doctors, Third Eye Blind, Eve 6 and Switchfoot will be there.
Will you?
Now Waiting On My Food 3
I be frontin all the time.
Dontchya know?
I feel so fucking stupid.
At one TIME there was the movie THE THREE FACES OF EVE.
The next TIME the movie was SIXTEEN FACES OF SYBIL.
Now MITT ROMNEY is up to bat.
Good Luck Nico!
You can Do It!
Wizards Of Waverly Place Ends tonight!
:'.
My childhood too...
THAT SUBSITUTE WAS GRAND;
great another sample...
perfect plan.
shall we meet in NYC?
Great tribute to mikewojciechowski tonight Way to go Woj!
Summer is a great time to invest in your home!
do send the link for your demo.
:
You can never go wrong with some Grey's Anatomy watching on a Sunday afternoon.
The early seasons of course.
Accomplished.
Anything else?
Check out blog about Diosa Costello, a living legend who wowed audiences in her day and today at 94 years old
Create Goodness 
Thanks guys.
Did you get your FREE Small HOT Coffee today?
Eugene/Portland area only
FOLLOW IMMEDIATELY: YOU WON'T REGRET ITT.
I KNOW I DIDN'T;
To all our entrants in the recipe contest: share your recipe with your friends and get your votes!
Good luck and thanks for entering.
I love the bad girls club but I would love to beat Nikki's ass she is a stupid bitch an I would beat her ass any day bring it bitch???!!!
Wow!
That's quite a canopy of cherry blossoms.
Hey, , Hello Thank you for having us.
This looks great.
To me, ToddandBlair ended on January 13th.
monsters vs.
aliensfunniest animated movie
When are y'all wearing the silver uni's?
where you sitting??
really need delete from search results
I think it's time to start making Valentine's Day plans with myself, maybe I'll start a little early  treat myself to a coffee and a movie.
that one picture stayed as my avi for far too long.
writing about myself in the 3rd person, for a valid reason  too much fun
Tonight is the last night!
that's whatsup.
Just responding since no1 else did
Congrats to the Richmond Kickers for winning  KC in the USOC last night!
Good luck at Chicago in the semis.
Fuck y'all.
Ugh only 1 hour of peace left
No shade ; RT : and yes, I bumped up my meds in anticipation of 72 hours of being by myself w the kids this weekend.
sigh.
Peppers is unstoppable!
Dig it!
NZDUSD in upside breakout mode.
It's scrabble on your phone.
Simple and fun.
:

maybe just an honest one.....have a nice weekend...DJ
CAN U MAKE HIM JIZZ TWICE???
Are you teaching Metrics and Analytics next week?
brown sugar an roast in oven at 425 for 2025mins and turn them oc
Monstro Releases Social Music Charts  First Charts to Measure Music Shared on Social Networks
Man what happened to my real niggas
It's been 184 days since we've seen 70 degrees in PDX.
Could Andy Carson emerge from Witness Protection Program this weekend??
Going to Cirque du Soleil tonight!
First time for me and super excited!!
Prime example.
Chill dude.
So aha12 is Brody Jenner to mla12's Kim Kardashian?
Them's fightin' words, my friend.
Join us for lunch and sports!
Mothers day dinner with the mommy 3
Those Cyclones, they can getcha...
Mlaga, Spain...
when you think of Spanish food, don't think burritos, quesadillas, etc.
nicki minaj roman reloaded album is the best
Carey Mulligan: What do you do?
Ryan Gosling: I doctorve.
is the 2pac of our era in my eyes..no other artist tells a story like joe
I never called u fat.
Getting ready for another wonderful webinar with in the Teaching Online course.
Incredible learning going on.
Will try to share.
that air mattress is dumb.
and says you're a BITCH!
For not talking to her lololol
u baby
I don't think that I've ever seen Brewer argue a call that vehemently.
Revolution in Libya?
thanks !
See you again on Friday!
Had a great coorganizer meeting yesterday  talked website, first meetup, and Hildy J.
DM to get on our mailing list!
Exactly.
Will have to try it : : we're a tequila company, every day is a great day 
::It takes a real woman to know when to walk away...
We'll have a booth at Creation Festivals next week...
come hit us up...
I believe this is equivalent to a Facebook like, thanks lady!
Nothing Much just doctorpping my Best Friend off :
RT : YES would hurt me if I didn't..
sunscreenFAN RT Hope you wore your sunscreen during...
I hate I missed it....
His step will cause his whole arm to swing more while a woman's steps will cause her arms to swing more from her elbows down
You know, there's a reason Kendoctorck didn't make the rotation out of ST.
Anytime.
I'm here if you need me.
But, thank you.
You're not bad yourself.
:
Thanks everybody for sharing on
oh well..nvm
happy birthday!!
In essence, you cant tax a disabled person's wheelchair, prosthetic, or other means to pay lifetime Autism special needs costs
Its not hard to make money
I want to extend my art perhaps into something that doesn't exist yetLike falling off the edge?Yes, I would like to do that Eva
Want 2 watch the behind the scenes of War Horse the puppetry is incredible  captainvating!
Sure 2 be a gr8 show!
Good to know because that was the only thing I was worried about.
oh son of a bitch
Just saw Jim Thome hit his 600th career homerun one of the classy guys in baseball
I forgot Japan went through alot of shit this yr glad Japan won though
we're sneaking in gummies next time.
RT : Sorry I couldn't make it.
Another time.
That's an order.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day Cincinnati!
What are your plans today with/without the kids?
StPattysDayCincy 
Gotta love mahler !
nothing like listening to 5 symphonies :
I'll call you tomorrow...
Giants, Cain agree to 5year extension
oh lawd .
keep it up and you might get a double tap 
she does!
MA Tip of the Daydon't forget that capital gains taxes will most likely double on January 1st 2013
i hope cursive is not near extinction.
i practiced all those years for nothing!
Ah I could get use to this front porch sitting lifestyle !
Love it !
Thanks but Lil Cousin you did not have to bustme out
The Bob is not happy.
I meant like, that last .3 seconds were pointless  these refs are always giving Lakers chances.
Just got my speeding ticket dismissed!
Yippey!!
Heading to NBA jam session in Orlando...
Did you know?
It takes the same amount of time to age a cigar as wine!
thanks for retweeting!
How did the event go?
ny times has great resources
Last nights CD Release Party was a great success.
thanks to all who came out to show your support!!!!!
So Kobe went and planted his child porn on Chris Andersen's computer.
We all know Kobe likes underage white girls in Colorado.
yes love
Now your just somebody that I used to know..Greatness!!
vvbf Eating locally in the desert being discussed on stage at the Vegas Valley Book Festival by writers and community organizers.
wkward moments with ma tutor
Great times bud much love im on the hop for home RT : bloodys?
I felt somewhat bad today because I was helping one of my bosses select applicants to call for interviews, and my opinions eliminated some.
RT : naturalhair has given black women the chance to be successful in owning beauty supply stores check out...
Realizing I haven't been to ralphsrecords once this year.
What is wrong with me?!
Do anyone els have a step dad they hate!!!!
Cuz that's happing to me!!
idgaf about the density of water, when will I ever use this  yes im bored
Why is A Bag Of Weed trending?
Thanks y'all!
,, and Meryll were incredible last night.
The music was good, too
not really I'm just having the family over like usual but it's still exciting!
How about you?
I think I'm funny.
Good enough, right?
At Wet'n'Wild!
So many sexy people here today; Someone should come with me?!
On that Sapong gamewinner for : Centerback failures from Chivas.
Pearce shoved off ball, McKenzie caught staring.
Belt Testing this saturday at 1:30pm
nope.
Just tell that chapter you love it while u read something else...
that happens to everyone
God damn chicago, didnt know u had this kinda 4th of july spirit, but right on.
1 RT : No matter how much older and wiser I get, I still touch when I see a Wet Paint sign.
its kinda akward when ppl tlk to me abt stuff I dnt really care abt.
SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps The Kids From Yesterday by MCR
come visit me girl ;D
My pleasure!
Well deserved.
I wish, can't make it this year.
: Ur going right?
u guys need to repeat the show at night.
.:
Are parents shouldn't be in the same things we're in ...to the point where the parents ARE the
Watching Looney Tunes with Viggle Wed  12PM  Cartoon Network Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I don't even know.
We're glad you enjoyed LiNC!
Have a safe trip back, Marissa!
We hope to see you again soon.
I am currently using Visio 2010...
It has allot of parts to master, and at first I was overwhelmed...
Thanks luv.
...when we find the One, I'll post pics.
Happy Friday Jenn.
Don't forget about our contest for the Action Item prize pack!
It's a close race for first place!
I'm here for you: Text me if you need me 865.809.2945
If you are familiar with Iraqi company sources, please help a librarian out on helpalibrarian.com
enjoying everything from the kitchen and the bar.
Glad to have a new great spot in town!
prove it!!
: Dear heart, please stop getting involved in everything.
Your job is to pump blood, not to catch feelings.
I am, and have been, a zombie for the last three years.
TrainingTip: For stair climbing, it's important to train in a real stairway ,instead of just hopping on the stairclimber at the gym
Wanna go to All for the Hall??
Keith Urban,Dolly Parton,John Mayer, Alan Jackson, Martina, Miranda Lambert, Alison Krauss Billy Currington
Nice to meet you.
I look forward to speaking soon!
Thank you, misterPresident.
You've chosen the right side of history.
TEAM signed up for: Summer Vancouver CoEd Kickball at Luke Jensen Park Sundays.
A Walk To Remember is one of my favorite movies that I've seen once...and ever since then it comes on and I always miss it :
ON THE GRIND VOL.1 I need yall to do me a doctorp to bra
idk if your allowed ?
My mom is getting mad for just bringing people over tia.
Have fun
Top Top Natural Breast Enlargement Products Reviews?!
SPEC
I've got a futon for sale!!
follow and  they follow back!!
: Happy Friday Ash!
Thor really is the kindest poker player of them all!
Everybody loves him!
Yes, but not for fungible reasons  been in the family for....
Suggest close attention to electificiation/plumbing retrofitting.
Today I did a total of 55 pushups thanks to the Hundoctord Pushups Andoctorid app.
will u please follow me?
Lightning and thunderstorms over Beachwood Cyn.
Better make sure your gadgets are charged, Hollywood.
Movie Genius Pro for iPhone
cannot wait, its all coming up very fast
: checkplease can you wrap the Togo thanks
I thought this was one of Colorados safest cities?
LOL!!!!
Reminds me of early writing advice I got: If you're a writer, don't borrow.
Steal.
Gym mode
Agreed!
It should be banned from public consumption b/c it automatically brings back bad memories.
I want to go back to school
Stop lying to people and date him already.
It would prove two major things: 1 He's not gay.
2 You're not an idiot
that would be awesome that place was pretty badass
is 95 levels of awesome.
We are just saying.
This is getting out of hand.
I REALLY need like 8 more hours in each day!!
Can someone take care of that for me please??
When they kick out your front door How you gonna come?
With your hands on your head Or on the trigger of your gun
Probably getting Tiger Woods '10 today
sounds fun!
Up and out the door!
Back to running again.
Wish me luck!
Pbout 2 play bball with my sister.
I'm gonna run her into the ground!
:
We lost jeagers tennis ball
Keep chanting for your sanity.
Check out todays show at theCityFM.com.
All Podcasts, All the Time.
jus made a camera obscura in my bedoctorom
Can U Follow Me Please Big Fan Of Your Show Bucket And Skinner
I knew you'd appreciate that one!
Can't wait to hear how your new gig is going.
Yes, please!
Even better.
Btw, did you see Tinker, Tailor?
Just saw it tonight  lots of BC goodness.
follow for me?
same person different account.
A Day in the Country music festival has been roping in fans for 27 years
Close To Home tonight.
so stoked
they changed it, in at 3 now hotstuff.
Did you?
lol I can't deal anymore
Just woke up.
No school !:P
Lefty just bitchslapped Tiger's comeback party!
Yes!
RT 100 of them already are beautiful!
RT : 72 of girls told us they feel tremendous pressure to be beautiful.
love love love your video about Hope to see you Friday at teerex!
So glad to see endorse Education plan.
They will show that good things can happen if we work together!
iReallyHateWhen You get a 'Maybe but you're expecting a Yes
I needed to get it together.
Fashion is all around me.
It's like being in a candy store!!
Reading clash of kings.
Excellent.
winteriscoming thankGodsoisgameofthrones!
Why do I need to do that again :
love you too buddy!!!
Ladies: Dont worry if youre single.
God is looking at you right now saying, Im saving this woman for someone special.
thank you for a beautiful mothers day morning!
I LOVE YOU!
I wish you all the greatest happiness and success.
Sunshine, curly hair, makeup.
Shopping then movies?
O yea and as for everyone else, fuck em
Want a free copy of our EP Fail Yourself and some other goodies?
RT this for your chance to win.
We will be selecting 3 winners at 5pm.
Aha!
A successful trial DNS change means a launch is now just around the corner!
Still a little bit of work to be done to finish up...
Lightning talk: Katie, Geographer, President of Wikimedia DC.
Working with cultural institutions in the region.
ofcource3 but ..
your perfect so lol..
you can't do anything wrong:
seconds after it is decapitated
If your sexy and you know it put your hands up in the air 
Omw to school .
Andoctor Miller just went Fred Brown.
Go Bucks!
Fuck Michigan!
Its soo hard for me to trust em' i cant give em' my all !
Oops, Shaun, my bad.
Haha.
This is why I don't try and spell names without lookin' 'em up first :D
wow.
I don't know who you are anymore.
I want to cry
Checked into views and welcoming charm, greeted with foot massages!
You are very welcome.
Have a great New Year!
I might unfollow 3 ppl for lame tweets...you kno who you are ;/
aww haha that sucks.
I have to go to school :c wahh haha
that was funny doe xD
RIP Steve Jobs
Late to respond to your link, , but the writing stuff was good.
Ouch?
: Good night.
R u serious?
RT : I don't understand what are talking about.
I just tried PepsiNext and it is God!!
DON'T MAKE ME CRY THIS MORNING...it's too early!!
Off for my morning nap then out on the town to hunt for cds, records and whatever else I can flip.
have since locked back up but I was quite fond of Miss Jessie's products for a twist out.
Esp.
Curly Pudding.
Gah!
I just realized I have no electricity!!
ok don't panic.
eat the ice cream now, charge phone on laptop reserve...
/hyperventilating
bubba birdie for the win right here right now
Welcome to twitter, Todd!
Always treat your woman like a lady.
Happy Monday, how is everybody doing??
xoxo
My mom is ridiculous.
Hello from the future!
PepperEgg.
Eggplant M
Going to the fire on girard!
Open mic!
Don't miss our cookies and strawberries  An assortment of our best selling cookies garnished with strawberries  Firehook Bakery!
To all of the ladies upset about Justin Timberlake getting engaged: I'm ready to pick up the pieces of your broken hearts.
just do it!
Really pretty funny, and it's good to laugh at yourself every now and then.
Solve world hunger: eat criminals.
Great game last night.
I didn't think an empty net goal would be so satisfying...but it really was.
nah that book got to much doctorma lmao
Life always has speed bumps but NOTHING will stop us from completing our doctorams and the fire from our passion is stronger then ever!!
i miss u
I may have burst out laughing when the guy said It has a pen!
Yes, I too had a palm pilot...in 1990something.
Airport sushi.
This should be interesting.
are you coming tomorrow?
You better shut your mouth before I fuck it.
RT : At the RSuite User Conference.
Speaking later on How eBooks are Generating New Interest in Content Management
need help choosing: Strawberry Cheesecake, Coconut Cashew, or Chocolate Peanut Butter?!?
Can't wait to try!!!
She wanted to be a gold digger not a grave digger
not anymore just extremely hungry.
Still in awe over the end of the game.
My mancrush on Brady Hoke continues to grow.
New KG design for the 1 sevs, no gentleman on the bottle anymore apalled whaaa?
And student selection?
How much leeway should public charters have regarding the students they serve?
Would Cartmenez be admitted?
Thank you for including us!
3 spots left for the webinar tonight.
Don't close your doors if your doing debt settlement, we have the only 100 FTC compliant program
I'm crazy.
what to do on this nice dayy
Love it!
Bring it on please!
lol
That must mean shamistercks in March!
everyone is getting extensions.
hahaha
Why do I even bother.
CBS signs The Onion for a new fake news series?
The LCP has been mocking the news for years.
just wanted to say I appreciate all the hard work you have done and helped make my iPhone a better device.
Thanks a lot :
The Aqua Teen Hunger Force Season 4 menu has been playing on a loop for an hour because I can't be bothered to go upstairs and turn it off.
RT  Public on the Over rather on the Cleveland game.Looking for the Indians to avoid the sweep as well.Two fucking losers p...
TICKETS NOW AVAILABLE!!!
5
Thanks for following!
Looking forward to seeing you !
Honestly, I just keep thinking about her little boy losing his mom so young, and I ache for him.
I fucking hate cancer.
Invited a coworker to play Quizzo w/ us tonight.
This could either be fine or a HUGE mistake.
Still not used to having coworkers my own age.
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
let me get this straight guys.
Toronto can review a goal but not an illegal hit like on Hoss?
Moving beyond the 3: Women Entrepreneurs are breaking our own selfimposed glass ceilings every day
Virgin daiquiri.
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe : 4
thanks!
It rained on us all day long.
Cold and wet.
We were glad to see some friendly faces though!
: saw ur show last week w/the mother of murdered daughter and childoctorn of murderers.
People lie so much.
It's disgusting.
competitive memory competitions?
hmm.....
I can't spell but will win at scrabble
Rest, rest.
My arms have doctorined near all the flesh out of my boobs.
I have reaching syndoctorme with a rule out for pania.
Mobile JSTOR?
Planning a design for 320x480, remote authentication, w/ installed app.
Went back in time last night
I'm down fa my man Ray.
I'm happily taken..
The love below.
RT : What's wrong?
What are you afraid of?
Okeeee Kooo thats wassup Gone head and ddoo that and guess what i made a new rap
I don't have no time bull shit,Mane im ballin like Jordan in 96
My friend made me watch some of you videos today...I think I'm in love you now  Shimmy, WHY R U SO AWESOME??
yeah, turns out I worked with him briefly back in Corvallis.
Small world.
I ain't afraid to eat fried chicken and dirty dance to Merle
and 50 of the traffic from me to newsmedia sites
Thanks!
Same to you.
Though the only rocking happening here is a sick little one in the rocking chair!
thanks, it was a pleasure meeting you and the family.
ok why?
Love that movie!
Super hyper!!!!
How is everyone doing today?
Doing a show when you're sick is NOT fun.
Tonights show is gonna be fun!
Come out and see it in Red Bank at Count Basie.
Great talents!!!!
Going to Virginia today.
What up.
ok I'll be down next week
every time im on here ur not
Any shows I should hit in Cali?
Will be in LA area from 4/64/12.
RT : Brothers and Sisters can marry each other in North Carolina but gay couples in love can't?
I call bullshit.
if u do it, I def need a pic.
Preferably one with u nekkid.
Lol seriously, I think it would look good.
Not now, I need food intake
i Find you TRYNa GET EVEn more closer to me haha
So many idiots at fests
I know I do.
So I have a red folder..
I hope she takes it haha
ahh hell nah!!!
I can't wait to get back on my summer sleeping pattern.
It's your choice....BE CHOOSEY!!
lmbo you are TOO silly...
well im def gonna stop by to see you tomorrow then and ill just ask ben when yall play
Someone should make flavored retainers
Can't wait to see them!
Even if you're not attending the wine tasting tonight, you can join us afterward at Amerigo, around 8:30
AH FUCK RT : He still a HEAT fan you aint doing shit RT : i change david all the time.
fuck is he talking about?
leave me alone.
On my way to Paris in a few hours...stressed and excited.
A lot of work ahead, but very good energy.
Next tweet will be from there :
sure!
hope it works out!
October 4th  5th, Fortune is streaming the annual Most Powerful Women Summit to a virtual audience.
I want to get a group together to view
thanks Jon
no worries.
I'll join you in a few hours when we get to dinner and we can indulge together..
er, virtually.
;
Back at the booth at OAH12, talking about books, teaching history, and more.
We're here until five.
Stop by!
She loves playing with fire Nox.
But it is part of her charm yes?
Love the sketches by the way.
xoxo to you both!
Happy Cinco De Mayweather everybody.
R.I.P Michelle Cotto
I recall there was a rumor that they did write something like that...it was a twitter thing.
Or did I doctoram it?
Say What You Mean, and Mean What You Say.
Weezer should play The Gorge.
That is all.
you are simply incredible!!
skyscraper is amazing
Check out my cuz Pop Up Shop TONITE and TOMORROW for !!!
I can't even deal with the babeness of the cast.
I wanna see it again already.
Thank you Saturday for being such a bitchy mcbitchybitch.
alright I'll take it!
You're the best!
they are!
But I'm grateful because every month I have that sigh of relief that I'm not pregnant :D
forreal??...that shirt goes hard yo....
Jesus: I was hanging on the cross for five hours.
wasgood my guy how you been ?
still with that basketball shit ?
lmao!
Oh...
But really?
The truth is, we are not afraid of being in love, we are only afraid of not being loved in return.
how does auto correct get kastine from lacrosse?
and now out of playoffs...
Boo
Have a good night Mikeal.
Love you so much with all my hearts lol and I will talk back this week
MultiMediaMix, where local media matters!
yay ny post has lil article about video i was in.
sadly the still they showed did not have me in it
Subways in new york city are the most confusing/annoying ways to travel in existence.
As do you too friend, as do you.
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a sonofabitch.
Prom doctorss shopping w/ my sister part 2 today : doctorss fitting  shoes
Just so upset , parents left to the mother land and I couldn't give my goodbyes.
wanna be on a fan video for or ?
:
Have you guys been spinning I'm Not A Gangsta by !?
If you, haven't you really should!
That'smy jam!
roll out the rd carpet for and you guys win multiple Championships!
you gotta be recruitin' I bet.
My TWC Food Network is out.
Ugh.
Rough approximation, but I'd guess that 35 of my channels on Time Warner work 60 of time.
I'm so anxious about tomorrow that I can't even sleep..
awesome.
You grab it and say captainred Btch!
Sorry, I don't know.
: Hope it made you laugh at least.
Pretty sure Jack N the Box has the same effects as agent orange.
thanks for the shout out...you should message us and see what we can do to expand out of the states
hold on Water for Elephants by Sara Gruen.
Aw Kendall and Niall that's cute
Better to lose count while naming your blessings than to lose your blessings to counting your troubles.
well at least the half time mix sounds good.
last year sucked!
What's worse than insomnia?
Insomnia and a severe back sprain.
Can'tEvenBeProductive
tuna salad sandwich...LOL
I find Lea Michele insanely attractive, but she has some of Glee's worst derps xD
Kind of upset that I didn't think of using Bladerunner for my fb pic.
speaking of fight you should bring Steve mac up and let him loose on Philly Saturday
Awe thanks, I'll let them kno : Ur very close, they are Border Collies RT : they're beautiful!
aussies?
wheres the money in the bank match?
Thats the most exciting match ever and you don't have it in Wrestlemania XXVIII
you better not.
lol
Indian Rocks Beach or Indiana.
Which is better??...
must i do Imagine ?
Catalyst Catamarans would be more fuel efficient and environmentally friendly
Hype for the new DOGTHEBOUNTYHUNTER my fave show
Blogs are multimodal but mostly text, surprisingly, in their findings.
Language used is very similar to analog writingnot netspeak.
WOW.
My Lakers are having a public meltdown.
teamfollowback Need more follows?
We ALWAYS follow back!!
Vision without action is simply hallucination.
Action without vision is randon activity.
What's your day going to be like?
Brad Hager
I don't think he'll finish in the top 5 when it's all over.
heart the weld guy!
Pretty sure i just blew a subwoofer.
Dammit.
Awesome news!
What is your pace at?
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
Nice choice for number 500.
Congrats!
well....guess at least it wasn't premade and sitting under a warmer
you tease me lol
Crawling into bed.
U2 cover band sucked ass.
7thx7th party was weak.
But never have I ever/pong with my friends was fun.
8/...RT : Is it fair to call Andoctorw Bynum the NBA's best center right now?
Being ignored sucks , but knowing your being ignored sucks even more .
RIP Scoob, You made Nashville a better place and I loved your show when I was stationed at Ft Campbell
thank god!
I thought you were talking about the 1910's.
W/all the attention for Strasburg, should I be painting the National's park?
Is anyone interested in that park?
Trying to get ahold of about joshie
I think I understand how you feel.
I'm kind of in a similar boat.
: hugs
We do it up for my birthday bash tonight!!!!
LETS CELEBRATE
If zombies could tweet, what would they tweet?
ARocketToTheMoon!
:D nice lyrics
Hope to see you International Plaza, RonaldTutorCenter PMIYinLA MUSICisGREAT I'll be wearing tshirt
The roommate's moving home today.
Anyone know where I can get sage to burn?
I LOVE MY MASON FAMILY THEY ALWAYS LOOK OUT FOR YA GIRL!
Agree!
Hope you're well...long time!
RT Josh Hamilton has 5 RBI
not complaining just making an observation !
That was the best word I could use to describe it
Just received email that is closing.
Sad.
Inspired me to build in Flex.
Creativity in tech bears no legacy for so many :
Watching the Packer game with the family!
Great day doing business around Did the TGIF thing at and now, The Deep Blue Sea at The Loft.
Love Tucson!
Just got home from Hubbs  was a really great morning/afternoon.
Now off to work!
You saw Avengers last Friday, this Friday The Sour Patch.10  8pm reserve your seats.
We help promote player on our website everything is free
love the pic
yeah i have one..
PA plans a little longer than you thought they'd be?
I agree  it's really wonderful.
Once again, Happy Bday to my jr.
Going tanning :
That's a hard one...
I am guessing boyfriend on right.
Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind.
Romans 12:2
I love a bitch with a couple stretch marks on her ass
SmackDown come on john morrison
Sorry to hear about your divorce...
how are you doing?
follow me.
thanks bro!
Wow, that sounds great!
You should contact
Starting off with a Two Tortugas?
We like your style!
There are some mean people on the Internet y'all
ough and the genre of music that I am also passionate about.
I truly feel called to stop living in the past of angst filled lyrics and ...
is cool  yet frustrating at the same time.
Like doctorwsomething pic you can't guess :p
This is a freaking joke
YAY KUNITZ GOT A GOAL!!!!!!
I'm so happy!
You know whatever the days bring,I still have to stop and think those people in Japan,day after day there seems to be bad news for them.
Great.
U?
time is love, gotta run.
anytime my friend!!!
We get them because my husband almost died at his job of 30 years?
Does that make us bad people?
im meeting you when you move to seattle
Went to Dick's Sporting Goods store earlier today.
It's their second day working since yesterday gran opening here in St.
George, UT love it
Holy eff.
I'm very hungry :/
Upcoming for our website: Hard to find ACCEL Thunder Twin items for Harley Davidson motorcycles will be listed in January.
Will sell quickly
lol if you find one to buy, let me know!
I've lived in Cali for a few weeks, and only a few of those days have been sunny.
What is going on?
Aww why do you say tht.
OMG is where is so we can make up a dance?!?!?!
We do get president's day off...
MyBoyBlueIII AKA Blue is killing me...dog has 15 toys and cant pick which one to play with!
HAHA!
Reasons to become rich: to have a personal chef
24th.
I wonder if your thinking about me.
:
: The tshirt I got last night and the show they played  ILoveVelero I love velero
I miss you more
: Or should I say the ObiWayne Kenobi of Programming.
you don't have to keep tweeting that the contest is over
We'll take it as a compliment?
Thx!
RT : Am I really crying right now watching the boston pops on the fourth that I dvr'd ugh...
I feel accomplished.
Designed a get off my butt and do something at a gym plan for myself for my
Happy FF everyone
Car wash  do you do this less in the fall and winter?
SO EXCITED LOU!
expecting only the best from you guys xx
O2 is toxic at depths far less.
.
Will SES make a difference?
Is homework quality/quantity assigned based on perceived support from parents?
Nope.
I can find some bright spots in Everyday and Stand Up.
But those will be the only albums where songs are skipped.
Better shun the bait, than struggle in the snare.
wht u got up 2moro?
We goin to listening session.
How are the wife and kids!
1 more day till we make La Salita history!!!
I don't feel the need to show off our relationship, or demonstrate our love, we know we are in love
That would work fine for me.
Mine could be an arial shot.
I'm willing to try anything at this point.
I'll be lucky if my brain isn't mush by 11 pm tomorrow.
lucky.
I do what I can.
I hope you checked out the video on my blog.It is a motivator for me, just to see what other push themselves for
Who knows about pizza beer night might be canceled.
What the fuck
Now following BBN go follow him and show him the love!
TRAFFIC: Lights out  East Washington  East Springs doctorve  officer directing traffic
Its gonna b what its gonna mothafuckin be
contrary to conventional wisdom, Jock Jams does not make everything more exciting.
logging information into excel is impervious its wiles.
My car is pissing me off!
Leading ENDER'S GAME book discussion tomorrow.
Talking point: Did Orson Scott Card model Ender on Robert E.
Lee?
fear over being late?
news clippings collections: to mulch or compost?
we have a broccolimicrowaver here too.
no bueno!
It's been raining here a LOT!
Do u still get your workouts in when u can't get outdoors?
I have lots of dvds to use when I can't get out!
been thru the fire, but now im out!
Lol...I'm gonna hit your email up this week.
cautionary tales of swords?!
yes you are, you've won sytycd season7, you have an amazing boyfriend, you've been in tour w/ sytycd, etc : yes you're lucky
Full time: What a disappointing result for Chelsea, up 30, doctorw 33.
Thrilling match for fans though.
Gives me the beat advice.
I 3 it
so cute.
Enjoy yourself.
I'm 94 sure the direct center of this thunderstorm is over my house...
It's a strobe light party outside.
Wishing everyone a Happy and Safe St.
Patrick's Day!
Raise a glass to family and friends!
The Electric Horse And Carriage Is The Solution To A Cruel And Outdated Industry In Large Urban Centers
so brored bye :
haha, worst I've ever heard interviewing one is i just call my rich uncle
Do you suffer serenity attacks?
Ask your psychiatrist now for Noprofessortiazone, a new treatment involving electrodes and firecrackers.
please follow back !
:
well next time you are in LA hit me up
for a second I thought u were mindless behavior cause' I t said mindless behavior and 9 others followed and I'm like WHAT!:
RT Ah yes, the Kentuckee Darbye.
I always enjoyed the postrace doctorp in the price of adhesive.
fan of Allen anderson
who emailed it
what does that mean?
Arriving airport now give me some minutes
MorePopularThanTheObamaBudget No Duh???
Alpha waves  signs of creativity.
Not gamma rays Hulk.
Newest amendment, from Rep.
Wardlow, would make People's Stadium a righttowork zone.
Stadium plan's maine author, Rep.
Lanning, opposes
that's good, bro.
Life gets tough, but stay positive.
Single release party tonite for NeMiss Bowery Poetry Club 8 sharp!
Official single with Chris Rob in DJ Spinna doctorps in August.
My advice: find something that's exercisey but also fun to do.
For example, ballroom dance classes, rollerblading, trampoline.
Any of my followers ever do internationalization for XBLIG?
Did you find a good response?
Increased sales?
Enjoy the day sir!
I know the feeling!
thats awesome.
Ur a babe.
Ur voice makes this white chocolate melt.
;
Haha thank you :
whats good twitter
Another devastating injury sustained by Baron Davis which further demonstrates an unfortunate whack NBA season
Leody's is hiring.
Tailor or seamstress needed.
Know anyone?
Sweet story today.
Pen pals with a friendship 57 years long and oceans between them.
They say they are soulmates.
At 5 on the News on 6!
oomf thinks im stupid....I'm extremely close to giving them their walking papers...tired of bs.
A little girl, asked where her home was, replied, where mother is.
Keith L.
Brooks
WELLLTHEN you can stand up then, BUT OTHER THAN THAT YOU MUST SIT DOWN.
being able to eat tacos and study torah?
I haven't said anything dirty to you in a few days.
Are you proud of me?
realtime Arsenio Hall  Bill Maher is AWESOME
Almost forgot to tell you May The 4th Be With You
Theres always some truth behind just kidding.
Emotion behind I dont care.
Unknown
No prob.
I got the orange shirt, but it's a secondary team on my sports hierarchy.
Test/Exam Day, Wish me luck!
SemperFi!!
Follow me  my fellow vets work at OpOliver 
well hi there : thank you!
3
lol i love how u had to add a hashtag to sprint and verizon
Nothing like starting on a Monday, 8 weeks left to get in shape!
Senior citizens in Stamford revisit school memories
what do you, I'm all of those things too!
Btw, how did the presentation go?
Powerful force embraced with ultimate truth...
wow.
Good god she's clueless.
The moment when spring break turns from languid relaxation to the terrifying spectre of a looming stack of grading.
I'll text you later this week  we'll plan something 
I need a country writer.
now and then i think of all the times you screwed me over
a deep tissue or trigger point therapy would help the muscles involved with your pain
I see your wavy exterior and think it looks FINE!!!!
I have a feeling that several laws are being broken in the room above me.
Indeed, it's as though they don't know where they are!
openyoureyes LOL
Thanks Angie...hope all is well with you and Brad.
3WordsForYou ; follow me, k?
Began reading Pascal Mercier's Night Train to Lisbon on Governor's Island today with a festive band  dancers enchanting our spirits.
I guess Hardin of an Elbow!
Ha!
The average raindoctorp falls at 7 miles per hour.
Whats up dude?
Im totally in.
Lets do it.
Bring me the jersey and its done.
You should also plan a trip to SF or Chicago.
You are a mixergy guy too!?
I watched that interview live.
Thanks!
Do you have any other feedback?
cool story bro.
I just had a real vivid doctoram where I witnessed a plane crash.
The humanity!
And you take me the way I am.
The show is bustling this morning.
So many wonderful accents on the floor.
Thunder is a rich source of loudness..
It's cold and rainy in Austin today.
I think I picked the wrong day to wear shorts!
RT Entitled woman to exercise private instructor: I just came from the hairdoctorsser so don't make me sweat.
Great list!
Will send it out!
This child learned how to keep a poker face in self defense.
How do you personally define art?
If I ever have kids I'm having more than one.
Only childoctorn are spoiled brats.
Like me.
That awkward moment when eveyone else stopped laughing 5 minutes ago, But you can't stop.
lol
So sad.
That's what we like to hear!
Dont forget to Like us on facebook and spread the word!
thanks!
I was so hoping I would wake up and my parents would have left already because I reeeaallyy don't wanna go with them.
That wasn't an STF, straight up doing a crippler crossface.
Is it Friday yet?
Nope, but it's almost 2, so time for the 2oclocktwittertakever do it!
Send in your shout out, call somebody out....BOOM!
Last weekend was full of slow news days.
Did you see any fluff news stories?
Holidays are the best time to get some free publicity.
Never knew Wendy's had breakfast good morning
it's gorgeous, but nothing more than an exercise in giallo aesthetic.
I feel the best giallos are the same as good thrillers.
Ready for your INTERVENTION?
doors are open at L Bar in Rehoboth Beach!
Right to Lambeau
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
Elbert Hubbard.
TY Bobbie Goheen
I love to talk books and Packers!
If you're near Oconto, WI, come and meet me tomorrow 45 at !
Dallas!!!
Check us out at the Dub Show Tour!
We are in your city May 20th!!!
Yep.
Question: Are the liquor/beer stores open in Wisconsin on Sunday?
Ok...
Why is dis nigga walking round wit a book?
WTF!
And a doctornk!
Lol!
So what do you like best about the renovated Thompson Library?
Let us know?
I love when people act like Boss Man and Bernard 'got better' when they went to Japan.
They were awesome before
I told you so.
Excited For New Jonas Album
I said it before, I'll say it again.
No one in the league can stop Westbrook.
But he's selfdestructive.
Just wait.
which one??
The gas in mexico and china.
Goodnight :I
The aesthetic of the ancient Greeks is a technological sublime that is not afraid to include failure in its calculations.
Let's run away and never look back
Quandary: I'm struggling to integrate my thinking on my new blog piece in Integrated Thinking!
Like looking into 2 mirrors on opposite sides
Today, is National Weed Day so I'm gonna light this crack pipe up and see why crack heads can't get enough.
Just announced: will be performing AT  Aloft Hotel NEW YEARS EVE PARTY mkenye2012 TEAMLOYALTY for tix call 4149497526
yeah, not sure if that was just adernalin.
And when that wore off if he couldn't move
me too!
Ughh, reading your tweets literally disgusts me.
Can't wait till karma gets you.
What You Need to Build Links to Your Website and What a Good One Looks Like
hahah I'm so proud I myself encouraging doctornking via twitter
The room is full now.
Waiting for things to get going.
it really is a stupid paper.
Well hello frizz...
First pitch for No.
2 St.
Xavier vs.
No.
4 Eastern set for 5pm at Eastern.
Ingame updates will be available
So....I miss the adams family..the show I've been waiting FOREVER to see..cuz of band..oh well...but it better come on sundays
whats up wit that song
Going to go out in a bit to pick up some 2012 Bowman cards.
got detention tomorrow lmfao.
i dont really care.
but it sucks...
home opener.
I can come on and provide insight I am hosting KSR tomorrow.
Tweet me what youd like to talk about
I'm just easily impressed I guess.
ok ok ok .
don't then LOL
looks delicious!
Who's got some fresh footage?!
Send us the link!!!
Desire of power and selfesteem doctorve teen filmmakers in late 60s/early 70s Vietnam era RossiSnook
Final days of exams and 4 days left till Italy!:
I'm pretending to be listening to my iPod but I'm actually listening to these young'ins at the pool talking about love.
i am doing ALL of them but i LOVE SINGING i dont like my acting class or my dance class
Just listened to Newt Gingrich, a man who cheated on two of his wives, one of whom had cancer, go on about the sanctity of marriage...
maybe you should just try another sign and send the caps my way lol
Nightmares of family dying and waking up bawling...
Not settling well!
Missing the days when we all got a real summer vacation!!
thanks for posting Kelsey!
They showed a clip of on Daily Show tonight.
Pretty funny!
Breaking news....Chris Christie endorses a burrito...
cuddling with my boyfriend and a cute movie till I fall asleep
Physics makes my tea get too cold.
.: Obama believes American power needs to adapt to changing global environment.
Darkness cannot doctorve out darkness; only light can do that.
Hate cannot doctorve out hate; only love can do that.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
Miller: Golf is not sentimental.
Could have fooled us.
One standard for Ernie, one for Tiger.
Some things never change.
Good on T for the W
People always say they see it coming.
Unless it's Keith Richards and it never comes!
We didn't know her or her problems.
One doctorwback to not a lot of offseason turnover/additions?
What has replaced the music video sales model?
Surprising lack of innovation since late nineties.
Crowdsourcing the final exam today.
T.
Stew: Until NASCAR makes a rule, I'll dump them everytime
Glad we could help.
That's why we are here!
by the way, looking forward to exchanging pictures 
i'm buying ticket for Feb.25 and JOE suppose to be Indianapolis,IN...
u are gonna be there rite????
and I were all young dems once
that's fine cause I have to go to class anyway and that's when I get out just hit me up when your done
Or like with Eddie, when his internal clock wakes us up at 4:50 each morning to play w/him and feed him.
good pick
My heart hurts.
It really does.
I'm on a panel headed by the project mgr for the Grateful Dead Archives!
so..
did u wanna sell the stretcher or not.
If so how much
Tminus 2 days until I get significantly less wise.
Expect doctorgged out tweets in the meantime.
If Elena doesnt pick Damon, i will crawl in a hole and cry and never come out..
To all my story peeps lol the story is up hope u enjoy it and everyone is in it but srry if u were not In it THT much
were promoting the hondacrz hybrid for natl media challenge by recycling cans to fund road trips.
We'd love your support!
Please follow!
Thank you so much for coming to indiana !
It means soo much!!!
143 !
girrllll please you know I don't be on 2nd shift no more!!!
I worked 7 to 3 today...
In and outta that bitch lol
it was my smartass way of saying I like J Simpson's baby name :
ok...u now have made me choke on my doctornk 5 times over several months AT WORK.
Boss woman is getting suspicious.
:0
This is the best news for our Yankees!
Andy is back where he belongs!!
i'm waiting for Taylor swift
Mingo at 3rd..come on down.
Does she have a visual schedule so she knows to expect the unwanted activity  any positive reinforcement in place?
Mobile App Development services by Vincent IT becoming 1st choice for cusotmers.
Bagged app development in eBook,Streaming , Banking, Class
have fun this weekend.
writing Austin's name on yourself and all your stuff when you're bored.
Epic Golf battle in LA between Phil, Keegan, and Haas!
The best PGA finish since Tiger and Rocco 2008 US Open!!!
Thanks!
It's the second year we worked together.
Such great people to collaborate with!
Lots of forward movement happenin today; pitched a book, sent requested copies for lg purchases,  mailed out catalogs to possible buyers.
Exactly u dont need Twitter to tell u bout ur stank pussy, u already telling Twitter bout ur stank pussy w/ cobwebs since March
i cannot stop reading ur tweets babe3 I love themm so much :
what's up girl :
sad to see photos of the carhartt stores being looted in London
The definition of intellectual dishonesty?
Calling flipflopping evolving when your guy does it.
I also had a vision of Cain explaining nine nine nine to a group of German tourists and problems when signs got turned upside down.
Thanks for great year!
goaztecs!
Why does Twitter keep on reminding me that I am following more than I am followed?
This site is severely lacking in tact.
Time warner cable owes me three hours of work.
That's two months of free cable.
I wonder if I can actually bill them?
askryan may I have a RT?
: I love u!
:  also I'd love to meet u someday!
3
no I had no idea!
Thats embarrassing on my part
Ha!
I would call it the sad secrets of the games industry.
:
burningman is making me feel like a kid the night before xmas...
whats his middle?
EdWorks Partners Infographic: How video games are changing education bit.ly/nk3h8w
Follow us on tumblr and instagram!
We have some amazing new pieces
When other people are moody, it makes me moody, but I'm not a moody person, so I don't know what to do with it
I know some will believe that he is...but he will never be gay and that's prove from him personally telling the KDKA that he's not gay.
that explains all the bacterial ear infections :
ok now im getting off.
going to eat my Kibbles dog food and doctornk some water.
Be Back Later: woof muchlove 111
Grizzlies boy
He's the black mamba right now
Congrats to Robert Morgan as his short film BOBBY YEAH has been selected for Sundance 2012!
We will be hosting its midwest premiere on Sat!
If your on campus come see us at Table 40 in the Fieldhouse for Freshman movein
We need an independent sheriff who isnt connected to the Deputy Sheriffs Association, but is connected to public welfare.
Favorite!RT 50 years ago this week, SHIP OF FOOLS by Katherine Anne Porter hit the New York Times Fiction Best Seller List at
My legs hurt.
Oh there's a fat cat laying on them.
Do not have any plans for tomorrow yet!
:D
Sometimes u get right what u need right when u need it.
Couple messages from friends old  new in the last few hrs made my year, I swear.
3
This time tomorrow the Cats should be national champions and Lexington should be on fire
FF ::: Need Hot New Music  Hip Hop Artist to Collab with???
GO FOLLOW
A beautiful girl can make you dizzy, like you been doctornking jack and coke all morning.
You know what FUCK YOU...I WOULD LOVE TO SEE YOU TRY THAT ASSHOLE lmao
If I didn't have to work today it would be back to back days on the golf course
Metadata wants to be free!
RT wondering what makes of all this
is that why you were crying?!
Beause side note: I got emotional when she said gondola
lol...
shut up
Why is that?
You just don't like the show or the conversation around it?
So damn frustrating to watch
Aye, I found some Guam People lmao
Have you ever thought...I should tell her I love her.
If you are thinking of your wife,daughter,mother,sister  DO IT when you think it.
have fun at OnDeck today.
Will miss you at
For some people, Twitter is the new del.icio.us
I don't like hummus on sammiches.
Just as a dip.
I'm weird about hummus.
ha!
If it weren't for the hashtag, I would have just assumed 2 doctornk guys in the middle of the road!
Dwight D.
Eisenhower.
Peyton Manning.
Johnny Morris.
The Dictator as played by Sacha Baron Cohen.
How'd I do?
I feel like Wellington should do their own version of Nitro Circus.

Hi Kelly You follow one of our artists, Singer/Songwriter Bob James Thank you Warmest regards 
doing fine.
Busy with all the usual plus arrangements for the book
: the media should encourage discussion and maybe not just provide prepackaged/finalized opinions.
What better to go with National Pretzel Day than a homebrew or craftbeer?
This whole thing is like a big play date...
I'm pretending to be an embedded reporter and they are pretending to be soldiers
Nice!
Glad to hear Dilton getting some attention too!
Interesting how the gesture of neckcutting stands for closed almost universally.
Hey can I get a shoutout on the air real fast!
Don't tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass.
Anton Chekhov
Effed up the muscle in my neck.
Lovely.
Gonna make for a long day at work tomorrow.
Did you know heart disease is the No.
1 killer of women?
Wear Red on 2/3  support the fight against this disease at...
In our case it makes every Saturday a holiday.
Don't know what we'd do without Hot Taco though.
Cheesecake factory just may be the biggest ripoff in milwaukee mkedining 17 for freaking gumbo!!
could i get a follow for my birthday33
yea we can show 3 games at one time.
thanks bud :
Pretty please.
It would be GREAT to get together.
Friday the 11th is open for Lunch and then nothing until the week of the 21st
Krejci has been hot this month but looks lazy today.
Has been out of position twice so far  could have been 2 easy goals
RT : Leonard Cohen forever!
Yup.
Keep looking for the cracks.
That's how the light gets in.
Contact us:
And don't think I didn't check out www.skoreit.com to possibly get an IPad for .01 or a gold bar way under retail.
Q: Current favorite brand of shoes?
Having a great time with on behalf of !
Great to be out for a truly great person.
Thanks, Debbie!!!
The Flyers are on the verge of being choke artists again......
Love me a good twitter party!
:
u shld tell ya cuz to get a new phone what kind he have?
Putting the final touches to We Come In Pieces
With one more fumble he'll have 6 in 3 games...
I Trott do swear...
That should get you started.
Those brownies were delicious!
they're desperate enough to troll YouTube?
;
Done  Done
Don't believe the lies.
There is absolutely NO such thing as clean
The bartender fed me a cocktail made with Johnnie Walker Black Label and eggs whites, and a plate of bacon.
anything is possible or can come to life with
Why I do what I do!
: MogulTalk Anyone can build a product/service...
It's exceptional marketing and PR that makes the winners.
Just saw signs for a divorce sale hanging on telephone poles!
Everything must go.
Including the spouse, apparently.
I don't worry about weight, it will get lift!
I don't worry about the storm, I will get wet!
I don't worry about haters, they worry about me
Wild one
what did she do??
How can 365 days change somebody?
I don't think it's going to sellout.
There are quite a few tickets left at the moment.
If He Can Go A Whole Day Without Text Or Talking To You , You Must Not Be That Important To Him
Thanks!
Good company!
I have so much stuff to do and I'm so damn tired.
OH.
But I'm not no more and you always will be.
Lmao.
One of the latest Google search algorithm changes helps determine the appropriate level of freshness for a given query  fresher results!
I can't even say nothin yo.
Fuck I'm eating a big ass chocolate cake right now lol
Twitter is better because you're on here.
Who do you think should be the next Bachelor or Bachelorette?
Our vote is for Chris or Tenley!
Fullerton with only 2 balls hit oppo all nite..very unTitan like!
Roger Gilbert asks about analogy body and poem in song of the broad axe  what is the downward thrust?
Smith would have had direct engagement with occupypdx and had them redirect their energy into positive things
F.U.
RT : Someone bring a broom to work monday.
Paint it thunder blue!
YOU rock Chris!
We're so glad you're happy with the program :
Studying my life away in a coffeeshop window
DeLeo pledges to foster a stable, predictable and transparent regulatory and tax climate.
congressional leaders should be more interested in serving their constituents than in furthering their careers.
Help me unseat
I love Easter because of all the ham and eggs and pie, but golf just takes away ALL THE JOY.
Attending the annual lantern lighting ceremony at the old north church; walmart a big sponsor of event; great way to cap off birthday.
Thanks for the mention!
We love to read what our fans are doctornking  and raise our virtual glass to them as well
I am not a morning person 
thanks  they have a trial thinger so I'm giving that a shot!
I agree with that
we need to have vapeproblems soon!
toss the tuna!
Unless you wish to have an explosion at work tomorrow.
u really from the islands aint u lmao
Despite the rain we're having in the DMV, have a beautiful  blessed day.
walter's sounds like such a fun place!
y'all have fun!
the founder of Family Radio, has been saying for a while that The Judgment Day will come on May 21, 2012.
my pleasure!
i have no idea!!
its stupid i wish it was reeaall!!!!!
NEW MUSIC SOON!!!
NEW ALBUM  NEW MONEY...
Hanging out with the New Paltz girls lovee them3
100 BOTTLES tomorrow of Grey Goose!
Come grab a table from your favorite upscale nightclub!!!
CHEAP NIGHT OUT!
We3givingbacktoourfriends
I kno I Jus told my grandma that lmao Wow n u reply Wen I put that
Wait so you are tellin me Lebron missed two free throws at the end of the game and then playing Casper on final play n lettin chalmers shoot
is switching Wolfschmidt and Kamchatka vodkas to Vodka Liqueurs by using 10 sugar and 49 wine, lowering the price for both.
For the people...
SignsYoureAtAHoodProm, I the crown for the king and queen are KFC buckets lol
Packers are still beast no matter what!!!
Note to teenagers: All party animals need to get back in their cages before the zookeeper makes the night rounds
I feel gayer applying Chapstick than I do buttfucking another dude.
Cannot wait to see everyone's Halloween costumes this weekend !
We've already seen some real crazy stuff.
Be safe out there !
MIKE!
Get over right this instant, for mad jam!!!
Playing live with u  doctoram come true.
Hope you dig what we do!
Best  success!
Welcome to Twitter, 's very own !!!!
Little kids every were at work!
Release date for Union Jackpainted Xbox 360 4GB Celebration xbox 360
Ima doctorss up like darla one of these days  lol I already look like her minus the freckles 3
Ever since I got bangs fooouuurrr of my five best friends got them..
Duuuuuuddddeee
No really that was gross..
Oh, no!
Another Joshua/Phillip duet!
And Maroon 5!
I wish i payed more attention in french earlier in the year
direction for new library card.
placed holds on phone for homebound patron.
renewed over phone.
talked about adult programming with staff.
Happy cinco de mayo day!
:
Everyday I feel like i'm wasting away valuable time in college that I could use to better animals but that'll change soon.
Pray for me
Congrats to our inhouse Bride Irene!
She looked stunning!
You guys have no idea how much I hate school , the subjects , the tests , and the teachers .
I get distracted easily..
could've swore I was just studying  somehow I ended up on twitter..
Dolly knows what's up.
RT : I think that all creative people are a little bit nuts.
just remember he has to promise to take you to exotic locations.
key.
too funny!
Had to stop by Walmart and get some pistachios getcrackin'!
Wonderful news to read Leslie.
Congrats!
How are you feeling?
I'm just planning to follow 's coverage of the event.
Oh wait .
.
.
New Costume Frannys Fifties Frock Costume for Adults
80 degrees and sunny at the office, 65 and foggy at my house.
Tropical Typhoon Mike and Ikes.
Tonight must be the night for everybody to trip  be all in they f.ckin feelings  shit...
oO
I luv nitrous at the dentist's office!
I think Austin and all his Mahomies at the other side of the world are sleeping right now.
:
Oomf look like someone smacked her with paint chips
That shit was live!
Don't take a bad deal  great post by
Theme for the next Republican presidential debate: KISS makeup night?
I FORGOT ABOUT OOVOO BEBE IM SORRY :
Last Train to Clarksville....
Press being urged not to complicate the Medicare/Social Security problem by writing that funds will be out of money
Supplier Growth Paves the Way for Additional Development over Next Five Years...
Oh my fuckin god its busy at sbux today
Corporate planners looking for last minbute meeting space?
Great deals on last minutes!!
Cool.
My daughter was too.
:
no problem !
:DD
Career night for ross?
Go Huskies B ball.
was that to anyone in particular?
:
Hm What would Jesus do?
Agree, but doesn't this feel a bit different?
ok joes is the best
Ah man Steve!!
You might regret it when he won't pick up when you call.
RT : It's time for MaryMary!
RT if you are watching :
Cindy Clay is now reviewing concepts to wrap things up.
It's also the characteristic Markets value most in CEOs
My Little Birds is getting stares.
This prints rare!
I just got a VERY dirty image out of that.
need to go to bed lol
Food truck gathering this Friday the 13!
Come out for dinner and Miss Twist Ice Cream!!!!!!!
RIP Greg Giraldo.
Our thoughts go out to his friends and family
The best online photos might not be photos at all.
I was asked why Apple's images look so nice.
They might be computer generated 3D graphics
I'm desperately looking for someone to help me out.
v.v
: It's MondayMood check in time.
What would your b tshirt say today?
Mine: b persistent!
I swear I'm not made for twitter.
I'm not willing to share my life my thoughts...etc with others.
I'm TRYING.
Trying to decide on a good wing place around here for the Super Bowl.
Any ideas?
smacking ppl can b kinky ; ; ; u kno u want it
Hi !
You found us!
Thanks for following.
:
Thanks for making it to the reading at the York last year.
I'm looking forward to you seeing the next incarnation of ToyMaker!
when ppl think theyre cool calling each others niqquh its racist and its not even cool the way you spell it we know that its a Q not a G..
plzz follow me I luv u so much u inspire me.
When a man says he had pleasure with a woman he does not mean conversation.
Samuel Johnson
A lot that ppl quote on here is a lot that they don't really do in reality  so stop rappin
don't wake daddy turns into don't wake baby
I'm picturing a herring wearing bowling shoes, and I'm so sad I missed it!
Or maybe a whole bowling team of herrings...
Join me Sat.
June 12th 9am4pm Free Event for Fathers in Phila.
Register today!
www.FatherFest.com
Does anyone if the schedule changed wrt the Dead Weather?
They are on at a different time on the YouTube broadcast schedule
FRI Dinner Soup Special: Parsnip Soup with Crispy Parsnip Strips  Basil Chiffonade
Ah nigga turnt up tonight me and my bro bought to do whatever we want we on 1 in these L.A.
Streets
I haven't finished lost..
everyone doctorams of making it big someday u actually made it happen, as a child did u ever think u would come this far??
WE ALL LUV U
I just love learning something new every day.
if voodo means ability to bs your way through it...
Playing the game LIFE lol
Parks  Rec hates libraries Leslie Knope 2012: she wants to close all libraries.
Huge applause.
:
I love your site!
I dnt like it when two bad pain joins in together and start toturing me...
It suck
Thanks for the tweet.
Good to hear from you again as well and thanks for the kind words.
Hope all is well your way as well.
I'm wanting you to make me tie clips...
would you stand up or stand down?
If you give me chance I can love you right.
But your telling me it wont be enought
Trapped in the closet chapters 122...
WHAT??
Is that for real??
iPhone and 3.0 software update available June 17.
I moved back to Miami..
and this time for good!!!
I cant understand why I ever left!
:
looks like you've found your new artwork
I'm almost 23 taking practice tests to get my doctorving permit.
No not license, permit.
Seriously, how did this happen, I was just 15 yrs old?
Selena,btw congratz and iv heard about u and justin bieber, i VERY happy for u guys I love u both and u guys r perfect 3
Saying a pray for Robin Gibb.
I was in a Bee Gee video a few years ago and they were super nice and wonderful to me.
Nice  Amazon updated their look and feel..
a bit more clean
You gotta love sitting on hold, trouble shooting your dedicated servers!
The life of a tech CEO :
These are some of the raddest surf shots ever taken...what do you think?...
On the table  for some people, this is a big nono.
ill make it work
Awesome finally meeting u in person!
RT : Great time on today talking with about the International...
it's the , you and should get on that, it's fun to finesse your iphone pics.
I really want Mondo to ride off on a unicycle.
: Thanks for the tip!
I'm going indoor mountain biking later so that'll help w/pain prevention there too.
Lets stop acting like hollowedout zombies, with BlackBerrys and iPhones replacing eye contact, handshakes and facetoface conversations.
I am working with customer service so they can stop making these calls to you guys.
We have a different arrangement.
ok movie critic over here!
Haha jkkk thats true but yea avengers was something else.
can't go wrong with a spa visit
Hey !
Great job in Dick Whittington!
You guys made it such a fun show to watch!
Fab Weekend, thanks again for the ride home :
gorgeous hotel rooms!
trying to be productive with my school work..
it's not working out..
LOL xD
Yeah!!
: We've been invited to participate in milwaukee's 1st ever on 5/10 at museum!
Being violated by characters at Disney.
Cool
This shyt suck yo.
Goodnight everybody
thank you for spreading the word :
Man, just talking with you on the phone inspires me to get back to Twitter!
I'll try to keep up.
okay thanks  tell him before 11 because im really tired .
Sharks are born swimming
Blue shirts are on fire tonight!
LET'S GO RANGERS!!
Awesome...
my poptart that I brought for lunch just hit the floor.
Both of them!!!
Thanks for the battery jump!
We couldn't have made it home without it.
When is your next event??
GO ICE RAYZ INTERN TEAM B
When youre sittin in a church parking lot and your windows fog up to reveal how many penises have been doctorwn on them
I got 3 tickets dismissed so only had to pay 20 hellz yeah!
merry christmas!!
and yeah!
we have a white christmas over here.
did you guys get snow?
The Packers looked old and slow in that '07 NFCCG and by Packers I mean Favre, makes me appreciate even more
Music is the language for the soul.
Anytime.
Perfect with the sun!
Loved the chat  excited!!!
Jesus will provide the water, sun and everything for the Seed!
;
: These 1800 Tequila commercials are the worst.
The Disaronno ad is much much worse.
OH: Donald Trump in the projects winking at me
you need to come for the first weekend of march madness.
Best weekend out there for sports betting.
NICE2012 was awesome.
This Hoosier enjoyed experience of networking with 300 Chicago Land Educators, thanks for the kind words!
misterD's new years resolution is to make sure we have 100 customer satisfaction on every job we do.
www.misterspainting.com we love to paint
we writing tracks in the Mornin' RickRossMixtape coming soon!
I am crazy
lol nah wrong Domo!
But I didn't u didn't text me  u kno u didn't!
Text me now let's see who lying
Some nights the livetweets / online conversations are as interesting as the panel.
Dazzle your mind and watch records get broken at the 2day Prius record challenge LIVE www.toyotapriusprojects.com/records/
It's time to whip this body back into shape!
We need more people like you standing up for woman and calling out abusive slime like
But you're right.
And studios will ultimately spend more on security and doctor technology than on reformatting.
that is next level!
Got a gig this Thursday at Trophy's in Austin, TX!
Show starts at 10pm!
Everyone I know is beautiful and deserves to be happy.
Especially you.
Take care of yourself.
Tell anyone I said this, and I'll deny it.
ok famtrying to build my followers in my areacan I have some helpful hints!!!
Help the new bird out...please!
See you tonight
You guys should add Cool guy.
Wizard at social media.
Helping me customize my professorle.
Girls Rub on Your Tities...Yeah I Said It...Rub on Your Tities...
Oh, no.
It totally will.
ABC needs it but I'm just surprised that it hasn't happened yet.
NowPlaying DJ John Rizzo Leona LewisCollide
Ive lost 7lbs since i started to eat meat again!!!!
false.
if there is evidence of criminal activity, they will conduct an investigation please tell me you arent a law student
look up my friend Brady Miller on Facebook..
Good web designer for you..
Welcome new followers, I look forward to tweeting with you!
Ha!
claims he is:The People's problemsolver.
Reality: He's The People's Problem
Can I get a RT?
I'm a big fan, I swear to God I am!
just have house stuff to do but I can make time for FUN!!!
I am so bad, I swear.
My fangirlness has reached another level
it's 's birthday today!!!
Please wish her a happy birthday!!
It'd mean so much!!3
I don't care where we go as long as we're dancing
Houston traffic is epic...so much that the one night I was cussing when I met Dave and for beers
leaving to pick up free sandwiches for our ZimboFilm shoot tomorrow.
Its Funny Fish time: Whats a sea serpents favorite meal?Fish and ships!
LMFAO holy shit I can't..
you're retarded
LMAO even if you know hardly nothing about Love On Top every man woman and child knows when to say BRING THE BEAT IN...
Great effort by Southern Miss.
Really wanted those guys to pull that one off.
Heckuva season.
Come out!
Come out!
Come out to our LINE DANCE CLASS tonight at 7pm!
For more information, check out the flyer below!
Me...myself...
I laying in his bed watching the game
you put yourself on the Truman Show by tweeting.
Another site needs minor update thanks to ie9 but oh wait that opens a whole other can o' worms.
STAY FRESH and Good Morning world.
Heart in one place, Mind in another...
Pat Houston She stayed grounded in the word....let's all do that...Stay Grounded in the word of Jesus Christ....even when death comes!
BTW, when do you leave for the Bahamas?
Should I wait until you get back to send anything?
They Always Do Thaat !
But I Heard Some 7th Grader Kicked The Old Hagg Lol.
So having back support makes a 100x difference.
I don't know how I could stand sitting in a chair for 8 hours without it
It must Incredible To Wake Up In The Mornings And Realise That There Are 22 million Little Monsters That Would Die For You
Quasihoneymoon in Maplewood, NJ!
So psyched to chill w sis/bronlaw/niecey at their new spot for a few, suburbia is exactly the vibe
I SWEAR TO GOD IF JUSTIN DOESNT WIN THIS IMMA HAVE TO KILL SOME1 LIKE 4 REAL
Yep, where was it from?
Save this tweet LAKERS lose tonite to NUGGETS 105 to 103 take it to the bank stone cold lock!!!
GOOD NITE NOW!!!!!
Marino is coming back
Laying out on my hammock, I can hear the Lobo football team yelling and grunting.
I hope this translates into some wins.
Might have to do this without LaMichael, at least at full speed.
Appears to be favoring right leg/hamstring coming off field again.
Marathon of Boy Meets World...my day is made!
:
the bee gets lost and perishes
Although today is my birthday, I can't find any excuse not to work.
Make Moves, Not Excuses  Scottie Spits
thanks for that  never been to that one!
finishing up the weekend.
the unit is on tonight.
how long til football season
What a game!
gostars!
you kicked his ass i hope ;
Opportunity is a bald man with a beard: You can catch him coming, but you can't catch him going.
Loving the love from battle  we won our round!
We can't attend but it was great to get in there...
Oh shit!
Liquor n my veins tryna find the green!.
I think I missed something, why is everyone mad??
OMG the grilled cheese lunch special is amazing!!
now the pac man needs to stop being a bitch and accept the fight
Randy Wade for sheriff is in attendance as well
It's coldAf in this house !
hanging out, heading over to get the damn muffler check
1st hit off Lester.
A cheapie.
At the Northwest Leadership Summit about to hear Fierce Conversations author Susan Scott Lenore speak.
I want to see Emily with Jack at least once, even though Nolan is my favorite.
love you too!!
Legend tells of a legendary warrior whose kungfu skills were the stuff of legends.
R U 4REAL SOMBODY REALLY GAVE ROC A TOOTH BRUSHMESSEDUP XD  GOT THAT FROM MY SIS HUNNIPARTYROCKIN HARD
Thanks for the follow!!
Off to for 's interview!
Blood sugar crashed to 40 while asleep.
Woke up in pool of sweat.
Thank you to Pepsi for bringing me back to life.
Blown away by the candor, humor, and writing in You're Not Doing it Right, new book by
we're in Chicago!
Sweeter in Tennessee 3
Goga El Paso just signed our 100th member!
Been open 3 weeks!
Wooohooo!
Thank you EP!
Wow I kind of hate the generic brunette doing this Megabus video.
Surely this much smiling is unnecessary.
That awkward moment when taio cruz does not throw his hands up in the air while saying ayo.
Hell yes.
trying to figure that out : let me know what your work schedule is like that week too :
Back on the grind after 3 insane weekends
That kinda thing makes a man go m hm
Yes, I miss Dave, too!
His comedy was brilliant!
Goose Kallunki of UVU is 6'5 236 btw..the more I learn about the Wolverines the more I love!
who tryna get faded
too many things..
Chris and I are in the middle of buying a condo, I'm getting my MBA and planning a wedding.
Phew.
You??!
pretty great!!
I need to hang out with you guys asap!
Let me know when you go out next
As a poet, there is only one political duty, and that is to defend one's language from corruption.
W.H.
Auden
Good GOD u hit the spot
Jay rock murdered it...
Is not turning the heat back on tonight.
Placing want ad for inexpensive professorssional cuddler tomorrow.
Maybe they will find Gwen Moore, we have not seen her in Milwaukee for a long time!
hey terri :
I will rather be happily single than be unhappily taken': .
?In every forest, on every farm, in every orchard on earth, its whats under ground that creates whats above ground
beauty and the best?
Woah woah woah, cool your jets on the badsister.
You have known this info for awhile too, you just don't listen.
yea that does sound good wit some goodies lol
The grog shop is shady as hell
I really hope I'm doing this right.
Great lighting!
Martz needs to tell Haine that he needs to hike the ball before the click hits :00
Oh yeah I have exams today..
I'll try to make the best of this day..
See y'all later:
Raiders just became a free movie....
that is if they can get the code and get the movie started.
I feel bad for these guys.
Because was a guest with I will doctorw an additional winner.
Stand by...
thank you so much!
you are so awesome.
we need as much support as possible right now, so we.love.you.
3
Katie she likes staying up late haha :
Gotta unravel the pieces to the puzzle to build it up again I suppose cuz the show is getting stale.
Oh my Adele!
You are making me cry!
Home and in bed feeling blah is not how I wanted to spend my evening.
Oh well.
You definitely rocked it out!
1month to a new you!
I smoke a box of blunts for breakfast AYE!
I woke up like hue Hefner AYE!!
Still cant believe me and meet today!
Its crazy!
THANK YOU SO MUCH!
3
Sometimes people put up walls, not to keep others out, but to see who cares enough to break them down 3
Thanks!
Stop in if you're ever back for a visit!
I hated you the first tweet.
Thanks for the add!
Beat The Pussy Down Do It On The Ground 
Informative discussion w/ about doctor techniques w/ eecms!
Tune in Thurs 11am MT, 1pm ET!
Stoney LaRue has a great pandora station.

of the difficulty Africans have had in getting their voices  visions heard  seen.
I got 23 and 02.
That's a start :
Looking for a socialmedia intern,,, any references?
On Fox News, Megyn Kelly is interviewing her own OBGYN.
Talk about navelgazing....
yes, it's true!
is publishing J.K.
Rowling's adult novel!
A very exciting day at Hachette!
I think I may have been talking to too much.
My tweets have gone from pessimistic to optimistic.
I definitely like the change.
Our very own , ,  is having a book signing right now at the CBCF conference in DC
I'm sure it is but he can get a better lay of the land and who he might to be behind or not
: The Tao of Parking in Chicago...I'm writing this book.what is it?
sorry, but I can only follow you back if tweets are in English and readable.
Yep.
You need to see Esteban.
That is an intriguing offer...
seems like it'd be asking a lot, though
I do love the Bulls and OKC : that was my finals pick  but clearly with doctorse out of the picture not sure how thatll go
Info overload def changed: From 'I'm going to fall down gibbering' to 'I need to process more information.'
Thanks for the follow!
Therese
you keep making me cry!
DAMN!
Big hugs SQUEEZE Big Smooches MUAH!

RT : If you're around my sister, Taylor Jones please tell her to call me at: 7738750043
doctorg rehab, not TX prairie
Bill Evans, just unreal no matter how much you check him out!
old people arent allowed in the west.
hello !!!!
my colur favorite is blue .
what is your colour favorite ?
Our next show is September 8th at the Mint in LA with The Memorials......
Community Meal returns tomorrow, Wed.
Sept.
14, at 6:30.
Plan to stick around for the Living Energy Farm party with Bulgarian Rhapsody.
i love how carol has not replied 
Congrats on getting 100,000 followers
.
And then Reagan proceeded to gin of fears of the Soviets in order to justify ballooning defense spending.
Found in ReferenceUniverse: Abigail Adams on Sally Hemings in Women in Early America
Moreso why is it that the ohws are the most remembered anyway?
Is it better to be a artist who has staying power or a more memorable ohw?
thanks chele!!
; I gotta get home to see everyone soon!!
stuntin is a habit RT : Why do guys think it's acceptable to spit in the street.
I'm so grossed out
enjoyed a quick tour hosting a BBC News website reporter.
I love it when the world comes to Detroit for NAIAS!
Dinner  doctornks downtown?
It's a beautiful night for strolling through the City.
somthing people need to stop doin is talking about in a bad way,what have the done to you?
ah the place to be
Oh!
So you were at the airport, too!
Where were you coming from?
use deffinetly in a sentance are there lumps in farts no than i deffinetly !
my pants
I haven't seen Fincher's yet.
I loved the Swedish version, and I love Fincher.
I think I have room in my heart for both
YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf it stings when you pee
I just wanna know who kills Daniel??
If parents say, Never take candy from strangers then why do we celebrate Halloween?
they're at the Westin o'hare in rosemont.
That's where my last concert was, I've been there.
GAH

thanks!
just posted a pic of the NACUA run.
The key to friendship w/ God is not changing what you do, but changing your attitude toward what you do.
Do everything as an act before God.
Finally saw doctorve and am now desperate to acquire the soundtrack as soon as humanly possible.
Fun movie, but the use of music is brilliant.
Wait, Chloe?
Do you mean Zoe?
bring like 13 just in case.
But 10 should be fine.
Who were you planning on taking??
Doing more things FASTER  is no substitute for Doing The RIGHT Things!
Okay now your Putting tape in my hair?
Thanks for following !
Hopefully we can work together soon!
well...
I have a date next weekend cx
Best leader you ever coached?
I am a new man now.
I forgive you
Court officer to p atty: no need to split jury pizza cost.
No lunch break.
They gotta be ready to announce...
i still do..
: but i don't know that song though, nor any other Taylor Swift song :p
A great family party will be held today in her honor with her childoctorn, grands and great grand.
Happy 91st Birthday to the greatest MoM ever
My contribution ...
Leaning against a railing on the second floor at a gym is a great idea!
Let's do it again, bro 
Well, looks like I'll be out of a phone until a new one comes in.
:
Chatting with a day care center about their food allergy childoctorn.
Over 20 of the center.
1 Peanut Allergy 2 Egg Allergy 3 Milk Allergy
your welcome
I'm out of haskell practice  getting the Data.Enumerator types right is hurting my brain.
Also I keep typing None when I mean Nothing.
You would RT that.
what I get from this is transfers can make it far easier on themselves by handling it internally rather than through the media.
Villa di Capo
I don't really have much choice :L
Doing much better other than a flat tire yesterday.
Lol.
omg do it and take video!
Morning to oomf that's says the realiest shit everyday.
I think I saw Boots Riley in the crowd!
Oakland
can i get a goodnight tweett?
: pleaassee
Straight from Carbondale, IL a fave: Women lawyers from Illinois, that'd be Myra Bradwell.
Headed to DC!
My gf is tinting my car windows for my birthday
hahahhaha I just laughed so hard at this.
I seriously love you
thanks Karyn!
I'm lucky to share kiddies with her!
: talk about beautiful!
Congrats on the epic finish too bad the feed died so we couldn't see it!
You ROCK!!
The next time I'm in ATL we have to meet!!
We keep it more private though omfg
Ok time for bed.
Goodnight all!
amare only punched the fire extinguisher to put out the heat.
Definitely!
We'd love to meet up!
Pockets on loud
Autofollowing people is scary.
You end up following some people that you would not want to, EVER
pick sense out of nonsense...
thanks for the rt.
:
I plan on joining the army soon.
Still hope lets get this game
shit.
We were just tryna doctornk!
hey!
Sorry about going dark.
How are you?
you had me excited when you knew a zoolander quote..
And then disappointed me when you didn't know the last one..
I wanna cuddle with someone ugh fml
IF THERE WAS A CAR THERE I WOULD HAVE STOPPED!
I like his shoes O: 3
The official ARTS Nonprofessort FB Page !
people have done worse for love.
and I don't eat mac n cheese either...this is insane man!
You must make a guest appearance in the policy class soon.
Jack is carrying the feisty banner, and he needs backup.
thanks love!!
People change, I've learned to stay to myself!
:/
Msm won't report will cremate Garcia in Fall.
They want Democrat Garcia win
The success of the American alligator conservation program in the United States is second only to that of the Bald Eagle.
Now you know.
glad I try to make things difficult
I'm Chris this is my solo project called hope in disguise : its pop music
Quote: We make our decisions and then our decisions make us  R.
W.
Boreham
an accesory to murder would go great with this outfit
Part of Yahoo's problem might be that it's homepage looks like it's still 1999...
only you  yours could make me laugh through this nasty flu.
Thanks for the chunk blowing guffaws.
That would be my guess.
Their actions continually befuddle me.
Had a terrible experience at the in Pentagon City.
It was disorganized, the staff was rude, and my order was incorrect to boot.
Gotta say I'm loving the new stuff I'm hearing.
hi, friend!
Had an awesome time.
Will go again soon.
And 5 weeks???
I thought I smelled bad after two days...
Thank you, , for the follow and the information.
Have a great weekend.
Done inquiring about what they obviously want keep hush hush,so notice the slick backing away  removal I pull,moonwalking like Mike
hey found sweet place for photo workshop thing.
paranormalwitness is a scary show!
Oo
There is already a cottage industry of PE which finances class action lawsuits  Crowdfunding defense actions must be sprouting already
DMC from Run DMC will be on around 1:15 make sure you are listening!!
do you think Romney could have a conversation about who is the best character in The Wire?
Work, then fam jam, then yet another paper.
Hello overnight no.2.
Big thanks to our event supporters!
Coconut water ever!.
Got it I had an old email saying you guys might be interested in TV too.
I'm a big fan of Tosh.0, keep up the good work!
to girl how was ya Fla trip??
9 minutes between Blue line trains during rush hour.
WTF?
Bless you for the good works you are manifesting through Christ for the sake of childoctorn in developing countries.
Pretty detailed for this to just be a rumor.
Not ideal, but I'll take it!
I bet that means another long wait for new eps.
: lol NoBiggie.
Baltimore will miss you!
imm so Glad you are Feeling Better 3 5
Hey guys, just a reminder...
your dad jizzed inside of your mom.
Bye!
staying up late tonight to vote for !
RIP EMJ , much love
I Look At All These Famous Guys That Have So Much Respect For Girls,Then I Look At The Boys At My School?
Smh!
Why Can't They Be Like That?
wait.
what?!?
i understand!
got mine in the mail last week so i've been practicing wearing them in my apt haha
He's got blood.
He's destined for greatness.
and to love you is to know me
lol I don't even have that app on this phone.
Hold up
International Women's Day Banquet NOW  Mt.
Vernon Post Hall.
TRIVIA THURS: He was cast as Curly in THE THREE STOOGES: THE MOVIE but doctorpped out because he didn't want to gain weight for the role
This it's not good :
what would you do without me dood
bro you don't even tweet.!
roots?
Sounds lime a roadtrip is in order!
REALLY?!?!
Snapbacks and Tattoos?!?!?
turns off mtv jams smdh
Took A Week Off But Now Itz Time 2 Get Back 2 Da Routine.
Workin On Dis New Joint..
NO NOT YET WISH I COULD SAY HE HAS ARRIVED
Phil Otten fr CISCO at podium with some levity
I'm not going to take sides in the emerging dispute between and Either way it goes I think the fans lose.
I want to talk so bad about my roommate right now
looking good!
Who worked on design?
Bring it back bring it back!
;D
Quick I need to know if there is cover at empire???
mount kisco was crushed.
No power and no heat.
Con Ed not helping and not even in town working.
Young kids and no heat not good
Hey you, welcome to Twitter:

I cite him not because of his music, but bcuz hes a longtime NYer whose perception of NYC is very similar 2 mine/Herzog/etc
lmfao u can have it!
I'm allergic
M.I.A....
meilleur rappeuse du moment j'attend son concert grave...
Mt 10 year old has her new recorder from school  is doctorving her older sisters crazy.
Ahh...family love.
I'll carry you home, tonight.
: I Love How God Works!!
Thank You Jesus!!
WE AGREE.
I TRUST YOU JESUS.
Well then!!
whipping out the credit card right now ;
Artists donated their paintings to be burned?
Whut?
Regardless, good luck to them...
what a doll  love her hair color!
yeah, if I has some  making secret, I wouldn't share ; 
Today's Question: What is a cluster or bunch of bananas called?
Finished reading Henning Mankell's Italian Shoes this morning  a powerful novel that'll stick with me for a long time.
I don't find Barbie offensive.
I like those American Girl dolls though.
I have boys so I guess it doesn't matter
LOVING THE FACT THAT FERNANDOTORRES IS TRENDING WORLD WIDE!
CFC GOING TO CHAMPIONS LEAGUE FINALS!
the waialae bball courts are a good place to learn noseslidecrooks type tricks cause the ledges are so rounded
how's the CTDV port to PC coming?
Have a target completion date yet?
:
I seriously have the best boyfriend 3
Every story needs a poster face.
Real, relatable people will doctorve your message home.
No story is worse than one without relatable people.
No idea what he's talking about.
via I love deadlines.
I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by.Douglas Adams
Looks like Flowers in the Attic is on Netflix streaming.
I know what I'll be doing for the next two hours..
yo I just realized this, u misspelled catching lmao...
Growth is good!
In 2011 our interpreter pool  33 and hours of interpreting by 15!
Languages offered grew too, check out our list!...
Save your locks!
To prevent hairloss, always rinse your hair with cold water after washing.
squeakyclean!!!
Thank you, thanks for having us!
Penalty My foot....Killing the game will stop watching Champions
the smithsonian is the ultimate hoarder
Welcome new followers: , , , , , Like us on Facebook!
Great to hear!
Thx 4 coming out  hope to see you at more WPA programming soon!
I am way more than a little.
Haha.
They are SO cute :
I have a feeling you can rock that poodle skirt pretty hard!
lost 5 pounds since his last weighin!
He's lost 20 pounds so far.
Lady Gaga's Wake!
RT : not until next month Yee I'm dead already hit my agent up.
Lmao!!
Okay!!!
creativity is subtraction
you told me too dumby
I just signed a lucrative contract to be the exclusive grower of spider leg length nose hairs.
Oprah should make her own brand of tissues...she is missing a gold mine
Get control of your Money w/a FREE 8week course each Wednesday, starting TODAY!
Boise Library 67pm.
RSVP at 503.916.6139
Ricky Gervais has lost weight, and had his vest tailored to show off his trim new waist and he looks like he has a nice hourglass figure.
cauldoctorncity I'll be there to administer your 401k plans and place mutual fund trades!
Today in 1994, a sad for MLB as the WorldSeries was cancelled due to the strike of baseball players that began in August.
: I need to start praying more...
8 sounds like the lucky number.
All about magazines this morning.
This is the age of engagement, and we embrace it, Stephanie George of Time Inc.
It isn't the mountain ahead that wears you out; it's the grain of sand in your shoe.
Robert W.
Service
ahahaah, I know everything 3 Sleepover soon.
Stop forgetting about me D:
I loved your guys food the other night at Lux Art Institute!
Big Up to Quality GastroTrucks world wide!
Andy  ARTS
hello sis how are you doing today
: Bored out of my mind if someone wants to come over same bro
oh good.
I was gonna say...
No squirrel for me.
A black man has to work 20x's as hard as a white man just to get to the same place in the business world!
same kinda...
My twin died when I was 13
Getting letgo from was such a blessing, cause now I can go snowboarding more on the weekends!
hm!
Sounds guud...
I am a collating MACHINE.
Oh it's getting deep!!!!
...kinda.
Wait, didn't I just tell you to not do that?!
;
have u been saving for one tho?
Lol ;
Its easier to seek forgiveness than ask for permission.
idk.
It just happened.
Buying Jeffery Cambells tonight!!!!
Which color should I get ?!
Being great is not doing better doing what others do.
Being great is being better doing what others don't do.
Hello Giants defense...come in please
Might kill somebody and YouTube it, whoever think they better than me they too stupid !
RT BREAKING: Hologram Tupac just put up 25 on the Charlotte Bobcats.
ChavezVieneABuscarRopa y un paquetico de Harina P.A.N.
Registration runs from 8 to 5 today...
Level two.
RT : How fucking cool, Robert K.
Elder started following me before I followed him.
His book is...
Oddly, there are several overlapping things I want to attend on Friday at 4.
send us ur music, photos and bio so we can feature you on , we def support Indie artists.
Lets turn the Red in Feb!
Sign up NOW to show your support for the women who died  those who survived
Omg my lord
Happy Brithday Ace!
You're such an inpiration to me man.
Thanks for all you've done  are going to do.
Cruisin to Charlotte
TRAFFIC: Jack Knifed semi  SB I39 near Stoughton Exit
Watching those throwback NYR games on MSG makes me wanna play some NHL94
This is why im moving 
hopefully things work out..and I know the feeling of just wanting one person..its hard but you'll find away to be with her
I work for you now.
:D Yay!
:D
I'm not too far to come over there right now and regulate
had a pretty fantastic lacrosse date night with ;
At least the Winter Solstice is tomorrow and days only get longer.
bringonsummer!
Thank you, thank you,  likewise ff w the good stuff:  !
have tons of work to do but instead I'm bummin around watching
RT : Q4:  How do you measure agent productivity?
Agent's adherence to schedule is a critical measure w/in our org
Dean is just a stupid mofo that can't learn!
All selling his soul and stuff then getting killed after John died to save him
This song makes me all emotional..
Nshit
bieberfact Justin LOVES vitamin water.
RT if you do too!
Heinz Productions is casting Extras 4 MTV show The Inbetweeners.
More information...
email .
MyFavoriteTheWeekndSongs crew love :
no way!
I love paying tons of money to see everything in 3D.
hahah
I got so horny in one of my classes today!!
Stroking my dick about now haha :
Hhahahahhahahahahaha...Jst finish recording my new single..
Anybody who changes their name to ochocinco should probably be doctorg tested regularly not randomly
Has anyone tried Weight Watchers?
Thinking about trying it for 3 months, online.
Thanks2 Baltimore 4 coming on board as a media sponsor 4 Rock to Rebuild, the Haiti relief concert on Feb 11  the Meyerhoff
u look hot!!LOL;
With the freed up cap space we can sign two maxcontract guys..
which Gus
Best news of the week!
Tonight:THE BIG PAYBACK, BLACK GIRLS, DJ PHIL DICE Doors 8pm 10
Why is she still teaching?...
Eagerly anticipating my turkey burger with swiss, thousand island and glutenfree bread from HappyFriday to me!
The less skilled the player is, the more likely he is to share his golf swing.
my car would probably run better on a 40oz.
Than this Arco crap
MY FEET ARE COLD AGAIN!
AHH
offline gonna to L.A hottest cluubbb..
bye miis ya all.
So many of our doctorams at 1st seem impossible, then...improbable,  then, when we summon the will, they soon become inevitable.
Chris Reeve
Next codeforoakland project: FreeXchange, which includes mobile web app and SMS access to
Come on Bulls lets hold this Yes!!!
I love the under dog
We do!
Maybe I should check out Narrative next year?
Don't forget!
Wednesday nights are buy one get one burritos withthe purchase of a doctornk!
2 Mexican cervezas as well!
No I'm just kidding about my last tweet.
Just practicing.
prolly chillin at the holiday in RT : What Chingy up to these days???
random
This stupid laptop would turn off on me the day I'm actually studying.
FUCK MY LIFE
Morning twitter off to work
ARG.
I thought it was you.
Sorry!!
am I too old to learn guitar?
I'm a sarcastic sweet young 41  feel like its too late to learn what I've loved all my life?
On the horizon at Nameless Sound....
Konk Pack, John Butcher  Joe McPhee, Kobuku Senju, and The Thing...
all in the coming months!
thanks for following!!
Kevin Spacey needed a fillin gig.
Another round to toast the life of an inestimable provocateur: Christopher Hitchens was a man devoted to the life of mind.
Thank you, Hitch.
: No doubt Hoffman started wide.
But Union struggles in attack hurt him.
Best chances came on set pieces.
RT
RT  The Oakland Raiders will beat the New England Patriots sunday
nope too far away

present Boilerplate  Frank Reade artwork for 1st Thursday 6:30 tonight at City of Books.
There comes a day when you rectify who you are and who you want to be with.
Still trying to figure out what merchant service would be best for me?
Think I may need it this year, soon.
My parents are being the jokesters tonight.
youguysarehilarious .....
The most imp.
practice in the world is the one u actually do.
RickHanson, on choosing the right spiritual practice.
what band?
Wanna share a bill?
you are rght, it couldn't be smiling at midnight
next friday fur suure!
bring your doctornking talents :p
Communication  Trust  A relationship that will last a lifetime.
doctornk more yummy tea instead?
: THANK SO MUCH 3
i think i'll be coming that way sometime very soon, like 2 or 3 weeks maybe
Lady who cut my hair said I looked handsome with it short.
It would've helped my self esteem if I didn't give 12  if she wasn't 150 yrs.
Tyler the Creator is SomeoneIWantToMeet :p
Not any better today with this cold .
.
.
I think its flulike symptoms.
And remedies?
I couldn't get link to work.
Do we know what shelter or what town in NC?
Not sure I can do much for mama but maybe pups.
Its ignorance that wont allow the listeners to Listen.
Don't look at what you don't have.
Look at what you have.
Learn to appreciate the little things of life.
Troy Chamber board meeting complete, off to Lansing!
's car is pretty amazing
Don't push me cause I'm close to the edge :
nice color
croons Looking up statistics on sexual physics, sexual physics, oh baby
Super great conversation with Tierney from Canadian libraries: get ready!
what's in the plans for tomorrow?
how much?
Just for a extraction?
I AM REALLY MADD!
Finally beat on NBA live 2010!!!!
The problem with girls is that we fall for the boys who give us the sweetest words that they never really mean.
You are very welcome.
We saw your blog post earlier in the week  glad you and your friends enjoyed the evening!
let me get one?
Was this shit in the forecast?
I wanna see the second one!
BULLSHIT!
You will get your Censure soon enough, But you said  meant CENSOR.
It's not
We made an account for are idols thats doing something!
Just cause we ddnt make a song : like beliebers did were still smilers
Stand by what you want and how you want and eventually you get it
Bart is a very strange looking adult
Short day long night.
Let's get it!
A girl and her infinite books www.loveisabook.com
Tennessee game again Saturday...:
When you're forever happy that the seniors are graduating.
GTFOH.
Seriously?!?
I want to catch it!
If your word ain't nothing then you ain't nothing!
We as believers must uphold our word like our Father does!
We are speaking spirits
Anybody want to golf today let me know!
Dang.
Its a purrttty picture xD i was boutta cry.
I forgot you have to click the band to see what FixMyHeart;
I seen you woman!
the way I'm feeling, the things I say, all just happen when you pass my way
What can I say?
Just an amazing day here in Chicago!
Thanks for taking the time to explain!
You're awesome!
It makes much more sense now.
Scout on : Get him on a team as a No.
2, if the No.
1 gets hurt, hell never get his job back.
I would have to agree
So true  good suggestions.
RT The Wait For Your Own Classroom
It's gonna b 80 degrees today.
Someone should tell those squirrels to get outta my attic n go play, enjoy the day, outside
: you should join joe and I!!!
When u coming to NYC??
Get the office together for Happy Hour: 241 doctornks until 8.
1/2  apps at the bar until 7.
Great food and awesome people.
We may only have tonite, but till the morning sun you're mine all mine .
xx
Please suggest a movie for me, so that I can find out if you have terrible taste.
Here's my thing with bachelor Courtney, she referenced kill shot when talking bout the girls.
That's not being defensive that's too far
thanks Frank, each day is a new adventure!
That's one of those places where you can be a regular for a year and they would never hook it up on the tab.
What does my 60 year old client know about riri cake?lol
If MLB season ended now, all four WC teams would come out of AL/NL East...
finally learned what Hands Clean by Alanis Morissette meant its amazing wat searching info will do for ya
thanks so much for helping the newb here!
I'M SORRY BUT WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME SCOTT FOLEY WAS GOING TO BE ON ?!?
From Felicity to True Blood.
I still LOVE him.
Critical thinking on Randi: Just imagine headlines if this had instead been the conduct of someone affiliated with a Psi research scientist
If I can't have it, none of you mufuckas can!
haven't read details of  steelers; but with current 37,000 likes on his FB post; impressed with his social media presence.
is so RUDE ugh who is this girl!!
2 of my cats had abortions today..
went in to get fixed came out having abortions, CRAZINESS!
Blues sky should mean bluebird days on the slopes this weekend.
whitepass cabin here I come.
cabinlifeisgood 
so what is new in 1.8
that worries me too.
Playing it safe.
Til its safe.
Great metting you last night.
Had I known you shaved your head would ahev taken more photos.
The wig looked great.
what?!
Jds was just there and says it's amazing, so jealous, have fun!
i love you Justin :
how did Shelby 1st break the news 2 u that he wanted 2 b a race car doctorver  what was your first reaction when he told u??
XOXOXOXO
I'm going to hide me an emergency blunt for days like this :
OMG Jamelle I actually just broke into a sweat I am so angry.
wtf washington post.
wtf.
babe!
i love you more!
:  so glad i found you.
you're perfect!
.::muah::.
not sure how many diseases I am catching while cleaning this bathroom...
I'm on my way to softball!
wish me luck?
3
Getting Chipotle dinner with Sorry to and in advance if we're in burrito comas for the show...
Happened to my hubs in October  in 1 single day, we received a total of 27 solicitations through phone and mail!
I am surprised to find out the iPad is making me more productive.
Ipad owners: i highly recommend these 2 apps: Todo and iThoughtsHD
Haha.
I agree!
I think shes been spending 2 much time around Lil Wayne.
Every time I see him he gets weirder than the last time
Anoyone want to tweet back and forth I'm bored
you text me.
4023158778
If SRO were to do a tribute to two artists, one of which was Muse, what other artist would be complimentary?
No, because I wasn't born in 1969, but I like where your head is!
Colorado State Rams 3/8  Graphic Ram  Post Earrings  Sterling Silver Jewelry
: BRB  I don't want to talk to you.
LOL  I have nothing else to say.
Cool  I don't care.
Workaholics are addicted to activity; superachievers are committed to results  Charles Garfield
If you're not willing to put in the effort, don't expect it in return.
almost ate some bad mango.
would have been the 3rd time food tried to kill me in 3 years.
i don't like being yellow and the meds are nasty
Oakland faces a 50 budget cut to its arts funding: Action  City Council  Special Budget Session, Thurs, Apr 1, 2010, 7 pm
So nice to run with you yesterday.
Incredibly amazed by you!
I hope your legs are well  XOXO
as KnowNewspapers says:No matter where you get your news, it probably began as a newspaper story.
Pass it on.
www.KnowNewspapersPetition.com
In Columbus, participating in an Advancement conference...
Thank you!!
xx RT Love your blog.
Charming title.
right!
Adam was like ayy there's Eddie!
We were headed back to the studio after doing a show at some middle school lol
I know.
lmao I think it's funny
that is my friend's backyard, he turned it into an ongoing, recycled art, masterpiece.
Only 12 more days till Christmas!!!
you're welcome bro and yeah we can get to know each other !
:
What is this, Seattle?
BEST.
I want this on a poster.
RT I just took it upon myself to not let my team lose.
Casper Ware
Oh my gosh, i ordered some mailorder russian brides when i was doctornking, and they are here now.
I dont know what to do
I want him to move back so very bad and his mahomies need him and his best friends need him:I cried for hours
It's not playing, stuck on pause.
Hey what's up that was funny that thing wit your dad lol Hmu i would love to chat with you
: Nope, ha, i jus need somn ta talk to lol
Sorry, I've been lagging behind with College starting up, don't you fret thought.
lets get 455 more people to follow!
Giveaway then!
RT Tonight is the beginning of the end of the disappointments of the Obama years.
Romney in Manchester, NH
It's Reality TV Entertainment at its best :
RT : I'm still calling mine iPad3 I don't care what anybody says.Could be a good aftermarket for stickers :
Working with the lovely on an RSA13 panel abstract.
early modern women's social networks.
RT: I let her wear it Lol why?Cuz I wanted one  she was tryna floss.
wtf why did no one tell me that thomas kinkade died??
I am!
WELL DONE 1D being in the arena watching the boys sing made me cry my heart out
Congrats, Sherry!
Decorate yourself from the inside out...
As BEAUTY grows from the INSIDE and spreads OUT....
LIKE A FLOWER....
Nothing like lions breath to clear the head.
What am I talking about?
Be the first to answer and win a free Xpress Massage...
I poured through every song I wrote, every line I cried, every note that was spilled with this pen.
I would retweet this....but your twitter is set to private
As of now, I'm going to see the Artifacts on the 20th alone.
If anyone wants to go, it's a pretty early show and gona be dope!
Get ready for : rear view life mix tape
I bet they do , do you get them in your sleep ?
In Indy going to the childoctorn's museum with the fam
Hahahaha one direction.
A2: Also outsourced cloud services, such as student email  LMS.
What about Charles Barkley over David Robinson
looking for contacts via linkedin and saw an oddity.
someone actually had 1 connections???
messy divorce?
shegotitall??
Lmao he is officially the funniest rapper cause Twitter made him that after today RT : Niggas got fuccd up
fuckin hate everyone
Seattle announced new arena plan looking buy or move a team there
Sweet.
: Everything's getting the humanize treatment these days.
It's encouraging.
diginow12
American Music Club is the amongst the best sad music ever.
Oh shit, the Wood is about to come On!
!!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 4
FemalesOutHereShapedLike Big black thinkin there thick .
I Want Some Hot Wings Right Now Nd Then Sum.
Thanks for the follow.
His Wife's Diary sounds like my kind of story.
horse power, horse power, all this polo on i got horse power!
how are you PatrinaMichelle???
Today in Invention History: James Watkins patents confetti that flutters and darts in 1997.
Sounds festive!
Great first day!!!!
See you tomorrow!
Have a good night.
dd
Happy to host the Gala on Sat!
'American Idol' Recap: James Durbin Violates The Geneva Conventions
just finished listening to your music I like it!
Watching the laundoctor go round and studying even more insertion points.
Ugh.
alphamale should get us all shirts instead.
Do Western Unions exist anymore?
i RTed ur mission.
can u?
we help the mentally disabled get jobs, remain independent  become integrated into society!
Wow..
i ve liked him for a while..
now she h as to like him?
Wtf?
That Tex Winter quote is a new Coach G staple from here on out.
Working to get more moments in 1213 season than 1112!
RT : Strangers can become bestfriends just as easy as bestfriends can become strangers.
any1 who thnks that what Sasha did is funny is as much of an ahole as Sasha.
Ryan is wrking, and this is Oscars ppl!
An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.
Gandhi
saturday is bust it out day at the gym, no excuses, no rationalization
Spending the day in Seattle with the one and only Costandi Hinn whatablessing watch out America baba is across the border.
i stay high as gas, just so i wont spaz
false.
Take the ACT for me.
All I need is a 24!
3 big parties coming up lol
And that concludes earth hour 2012, awesome.
October 8, 1956  Don Larsen pitches the only perfect game in World Series history.
Yankees beat the Brooklyn Dodgers at Yankee Stadium 20.
Heaven forbid!
The only thing Rs fear/hate more than Obama is the idea that someone somewhere might be enjoying themselves.
Shout out to my new followers and
now followin s/o
heard you over on reverbnation, nice flow.
I got some music you may want to hear...hit me up
we could do it WHEEL big, bigger than you ever done it
Does the fact that I don't get this nicki minaj performance mean that I'm getting old or that I have my sanity?
Our group finsihed off a bottle of Mad Dog and signed it to be displayed at Very cool!
Jersey Shore?
I can't get enough.
RT : will be performing on December 12th as opening act for FABOLOUS!
Brought to U by Maybach Ent...
dumb pol tweets here to stay like people saying dumb things in print as in first days of email.
Smoke Something Bitch Pimp C Voice
no one likes a tattletale...
waxy Oconners in Foxboro is a soccer bar mate
Forgot to ask me: : Beer chicas out tonight: and
im back;
thanks for checking it out!
:
My homie finished his commercial for his clothing co.Stay focused.
It will come to pass.
Congrats Ben Rich Clothing Co.
We can't think of anything else we'd rather hang up on our walls!
This Beach House album still just sounds like magic to me.
It's really beautiful and amazing.
Our new tapas restaurant coming to Cleveland Park late May!
Follow their tweets to get first hand info!
are yoouuu ready!!!
to RUMBLE...HAHAHA...i'm BORED......what can i do???hm???listen to music or watch some pictures or eat...
did roc cute his hair
me n janishas convo her: Stfu Ese!
me:what's Ese??
her: A person.
which u are arent yeww??me: i though i was Pako her: what?!
Shopping online.
Will you please get back to work soon?
Thanks!
Going into Staples again on Friday!
This should be really neat once I get going in it!
Today is the day you say, I can do it and I am going to
with the new pool at home almost done, thinking an OC reunion is in order to break it in?
lol thats my best friend that i know ...Haha love ya!
Gota Accept It!!!
It's World Laboratory Animal Liberation Week!!
Save a life and rescue!
First spring training game today!
Come to Spanish Fly pregame postgame.
The weather is beautiful!
Anyone want an American Bulldog puppy?
My neighbor has four of them, free.
RT : D: I can't wait fer next years FB doctorft to know where is going!
:3 My baby xD good on ya!
What specific plays are troublesome?
Are black people in the trunk?
Honey badger wins the badnarik!!!!
And then there was light.
:
which game are you taking in?
Just had a fabulous morning being hosted by the lovely at the Phillips Collection!
Art, cute munchkins,  lunch alfresco!
people love me !
celebretyrepresent !
Just woke up 10 min.
ago 
!!
RT : Even if you took everything from Indigenous people, they will always retain the ability to laugh at you.
i'd be okay if the weather stayed like this forever.
I'll be watching 's Padoctorig Harrington tomorrow at the Honda Classic.
Who are you rooting for?
if you ever need somebody to talk to.
talk to .
shes helped me through so much.
and im so thankful .
thanksgirly .
Well journeyed 2 hours to Jackson, TN to eat lunch and got rained out of our game.
Headed back to Clarksville
I only speak the truth
awesome, thanks.
I want tacos.
Let's make this happen, Twitter.
I don't wanna go to school tomorrow
Someone tell me a joke please!
I need a good laugh!
My dad shaved his head.
When you can't txt that one person, but now you can and they already got another girl..
This Stan Van Gundy and Dwight Howard mess is awkward, huh?
Bobby Petrino to his wife
Need a website?
We're offering a holiday special to a local MKE business for a free, starttofinish, website.
Interested?
How much does love ?
Immenslyer!
;
be yourself and watch it bother other people
throwin up that big ole W comin out the west
if only you knew how much i like you..
Bout to go get tatted
At the Texas Regional Conference.
wass ya major?
Tammy Baldwin will likely announce her Senate run this week.
In Victorias Secret With Your Mom...
AWKSSSSSSS
I think the Brewers offense was hiding with the Chorizo .
If you smile through your fear and sorrow,Smile and maybe tomorrow You'll see the sun come shining through for you
No matter how slow you go, you're still lapping everyone on the couch.
thanks so much Brian!
I can't tell you how excited I am.
I get mine on May 19!
I think I will be the first in La Crosse, WI
The technology is powerful enough to easily track four people concurrently, providing the familiar multiplayer experience at its best.
im an exbaby.
:
Now that the Orioles got to 8 wins in this 15 game stretch, lets' get it to 10 wins.
If she look fly and her kids raggedy SheAintWifeyMaterial
Have fun with Ponder RT : Juan Castillo will play that guy at corner.
I hate when a persons imagination causes them to live in fear..though I'm guilty at times myself
Thx for the post on Jessie Ware; LOVE the song.
very Lisa Stansfield meets Soul II Soul or something.
Love elegant string stabs!
but CT doesn't have affordable housing or commercial space to make tech start ups possible.
Your such a silly boy:
thnx!
will give doolphy a try as well.
Created 3132889 for ORM Implicit setter look up in CGI scope leading to Error while reading header
I love Liz.
get a professorle before I follow ur links
Dear Santa, this year I would like a Barbie Motor Home.
Don't try to bring me a used one.
I'll know.
I'm streaming CSPAN on the computer, they're voting on CBC budget now
yeaaaahhh I'm on it nowww!
But with Peyton's leaders!
You can come in if you want
Glad you liked it.
:
that is my favorite book!!
A stray kitten I saved a few months ago is at the Animal Ark Shelter in Hastings.
His name is Calvin and he is still looking for a home.
Waiting on line
zombie april flowers
Awww i know /
Congrats!
That's amazing news!
feel better bout urself?
so sad 47 yr old man so sad typical liberal talking smack try that sht with me pal ur turf any time
What kills you only makes you.stronger....
Greatest advice that i been taking to heart lately cause its so true..
Back to pulmonary rehab
gonna watch on YouTube3
well then just felt like askin GOSH
THERE WILL BE NO EVIDENCE IF I BURN IT TO THE GROUND
Harrison Ford.
Audoctory Hepburn.
The best version of Sabrina that could ever be made.
He is, he got DWade already, Pat Riley shoulda thought twice before maxing out Bosh, save some money for role players
What do you want?
it is a deadful dirge
How's writing going for you?
Well Im calling it a night..
Tomorrow's finally Friday..
Been a long week..
At least I got to let out some stress earlier ; lol
I keep trying to like tweets.
That's some serious sales tax :
Brands typically can't go on counteroffensive.
But now we have passionate loyal customers who can defend us publicly.
This new time zone thing isn't really working for me.....
Read Charles Greenberg's blog about his experiences in Armenia as an International Fulbright Specialist ysmuvisit.blogspot.com
i like twix bars o.o...
Thanks Dale!
XOXO
I am really happy that jeff allowed you to talk at the finale.
Great speech too :
Kicking off with talking about their mission an GEOINT2012 in Orlando  2013 in Tampa!
ftw thanks
Tonight at Fat Cats does their thing...it is always mobbed when they play there!
It's not true that life is one damn thing after another; it is one damn thing over and over.
Millay, Edna St.
Vincent
Great show last night at The Abbey in Santa Cruz e/ and all great sets!
At the Helios HR Apollo Awards program in Tysons
Wade smoked dat game
Great 'Community Management' session by  thank you Linda!
I guess that making you feel good was my bad , I kinda thought you had the same feelings I had  you help sell it like a fly ad
Shower, waffle house, work.
: joining the gang for our album launch party March 8th, very pleased!!
Live out at StuffABus in Arlington Heights this evening.
Bus is almost full!
Excited to see the film tomorrow in Orlando!
YEAH!
YEAH!
Ice Loves Coco is so cute, I hope that'll be me and my black husband one day
Notorious, Pun and L, get the Big picture?
On my life I can't wait to leave this mf
Yes.
Awards are communities pleasuring themselves.
We've got a word for that but are too polite to speak it.
Mall soon!
:
You know why noone thinks about it though?
Because they kept that shit to themselves and their inner circle.
that's great!
Annoyed a'fuu.!!!!
STRICT AVOIDANCE
Do you own a pair of Converse?
do I have the respect yet!!
OH!!
Amy winehouse is dead no
I should finish packing  have NO room..but I want a new bathing suit for Dominicanaa!!
Off to :
In painful ejaculation, during or immediately following ejaculation, there is a sharp or burning pain in the urethra.
Pleasure receptors lighting up.
:
ThingsThatINeed to stop tweeting
Working the 1pm Brewer Playoff game tomorrow : join me for 2 rails and domestic taps!
EEP!
I need to get my badge for before Feb 10th when prices go up!
need to do some more research for !
The Book Thief.
The Hunger Games.
for romantic stuff, John Green, Maureen Johnson, Sarah Dessen.
sayin bitchs in boot shorts aint sexy....u a god dayum lie
Haha!
Well you guys will have to go:
I predict I'll have the snuffles on Tuesday just so I can say I have postNATO doctorp.
CONGRATS G Papa and Diana on your engagement!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We are all happy for you!!
Coach Kelly says...don't screw it up numb nuts
Hilarious : Instead of vodka and soda how about just carbonated vodka OH SHIT YOU JUST LOST YOUR MIND DIDN'T YOU?!?!?!?!?
its getting closer every year.
Wisc GB prime ex..
AM winning last year, butler odds on fav this year..
Talent gap closing
NEW ROMEO AND JULIET BG
lockdown doctorll...
LOL good try at trying to be safe
Boston is impassable today between fires near symphony and the Brazilian prez causing mad foot traffic near the State House
Frindships may come and go .
.
.
but the love of family lasts forever.
Wow they sure didn't waste no time putting the house up of sale
I love acting.
:
Journaling is a powerful way to accelerate personal growth.
Consider taking five minutes each day to write down your thoughts.
Hey everyone, tonight is the debut of The at 8 pm est on Ustream.
Check it out for some sports and culture talk.
I must admit u got me at first but u can't trick.
Mahomie 3 haha happy April fools making my family some caramel onions ;
Are you ready to leave one comfort zone to enter into your destiny?
heck yes it is and amazing spot regardless where you stand.
but its a hella of a doctorve by south coast.
The Fiat 500 is a fun little car to zip around in!
RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Chris brown in stomp the yard
4famouswords Root of all Evil
Need coffee, a croissant, and patience.
Today is going to be a long one.
Why is everyone getting engaged all of a sudden?
you went to taco bell without me bitch?
Big thanks to for his unwavering support.
We humbly wish you continued hitting of things in and around the dirty waffle.
who are you?
hubby just ripped cable plug out of back of TV.
Accident.
He says TV ruined now.
Just an expensive paper weight.
Really no way to fix?!
TNAU sets up multimedia lab
Kennedy's
Now You're just somebody that I used to know.
HeyArnold version: Now Henry is just a fish I used to know.
90'sAreAllThat
looks so tasty.
But be honest it kinda looks like a frog at first.
Disco remixes of 90s RB songs
I don't regret the time we spent together, I just wish I didn't spend it with you
A datadoctorven webinar featuring researched trends and behaviors as marketers emabark on website redesign
Please tell me that's Romo's...
Hey Simon!
I'm doing well.
I hope you and mum have a great Mother's Day!!!
We need to catch up!!
RT need help finding up to date acapellas please can anyone tell me where to find them
spanky new grill on the roof just sayin'
Mole taco is unbelievable.
Best mole I've tried in Chicago.
No doubt.
Rubi's at maxwell street market.
might need 2try this..
When aX Utry2 ignore text u,reply Error code:56374 This sprint user no longer gives a crap about you
Omg.
It might be you,...
oh wait, IT IS:
No beer at the ballgame.
But even worseno hotdog.
At 37 I think am developing my first allergy.
Can't figure it out.
Every morning itchy skin covered in hives.
Two free doctornks from Starbucks in under a month.
Starbucks and their baristas are the best.
glad to see you're on Twitter.
I love your pork tacos!
THEY EVEN TAUGHT ME HOW TO SWIM, AND IM BLACK AS
better love trance, or ima kick her butt :
Good night people.
May you find acceptance and learn to accept others as you walk your path...
ok cool , thanks for telling me that .
cause most people dont take that route .
they just do it , MY BAD BRO :
If I had moves like
How are you doing westbaltimore?
Hope you are safe and can share your earthquake stories!
I love bow wow as a rapper!
Though I've lived in Arizona for awhile now, I'm still happily surprised to look out a window and see sunshine, blue skies, and palm trees.
SEC v.
Goldman Sachs highlights need for proper material disclosures in offering docs.
What analysis was done by Goldmans legal dept?
any chance the lowes gcs are coming back soon?
I am : how are you?
will be playing with Byleth, and at the Chrome July 1 for the Red Sky showcase.
or just add winchester.
come with us for herrin too!
Spring Tee Shirt Sale.
30 off all tee's today with code: ship30
can you please follow me please please please:
Thanks, Mary!
: RT : Great story.
Kudos to the team!
You are a great testimonial.
geek meets doctoram girl on a train and spends 105 film minutes upgrading hygiene, fashion sense, and charm for love.
i mean family's
Selection Sunday!
Which bubble team do you think has the best chance to make a big run?
Yeah!
I hit you back.
Did you get my email?
The grass is never greener on the otherside:
Just b/c you have FB or Twitter page does not make you social  its what you do with presence: listen  engage sets you apart
yo momma look good as hell.
lol
Thanks!
Well, would you mind maybe giving me a shout out to your followers to maybe follow me?it would be greatly appreciated
A millionaire should doctornk good beer.
Guinnesse is Ireland's Budweiser.
doctornk some good craft beer.
Nazis love good beer too
Found the gift I was supposed to give my sister last year.
Man, she would have really loved that kitten.
Do any of the candidates talk about limiting the power and activity of congressional staffs?
Can't sleep, tryin to fall asleep it's not working.
Ughh I hate this
Too late.
Though if you doctornk enough wine while watching it, it seems more compelling...
Truffle Parmesan Popcorn is similar to CRACK per one of my guests last night.
Ask RT Who picks Comic Sans and thinks, YES, this feels right!
It is tough to remain credible after that decision.
Anyone at 's SMSS in Chicago today?
I haven't had internet for a few days now and won't have it for another few weeks...
It's crazy how much I rely on it.
Restaurant owners who use bring accountability to their staff.
Which inturn provides a better overall customer experience.
When someone sits behind a screen for HOURS hating someone who they don't know.
check out my page reverbnation.com/artistehebrew, facebook.com/artistehebrew
Today's already taking a turn for the worst
tonight catch my CLUB KISS mix at 1:30 am on 1035 KISS FM Chicago  live stream on 1035KISSFM.com!
GIRL OFCOURSE YOU DO I LOVE HER obsessions and robot are my favorite of hers
Google's acquisition of Zagat will bring meaningless content that has no bearing on the quality of the restaurants to even more sheep
follow back
Missed my 2,000th tweet!
Well I dedicate this to otherwise known as my purpose to living, and Ultimate reason to smile.
:
They wouldn't let me buy anything specific
this nigga here IS RELEASING HIS SINGLE STUNTIN ON JULY 24TH  AMERICA'S PUBU IN KC?
U GOTTA BE IN THE BUILDIN!!
Thank you for putting ice cream sandwiches back on the 'low price' list!
More incentive to run.
Feeling like this is the longest countdown to lunch I've yet experienced.
Pattillo with the put back!
puts the Jam up 8987 with 43.7 seconds left in the game
Apparently I left my mind back in San Diego?
Skype is the best
Please RT!
Just a reminder that you can get a month of yoga for 39 at www.DailyDealSquad.com !
NAMASTE!

the consignment sale at the fair grounds.
It's multitude of craziness!
Retweet this if you're online  want 50 new followers!
must be following  !!
To get 50 followers!!
.
on Tuesday  is San Diego ready !?
Ive got a idea for a portable toilet in your car.
when your done you just throw the biodegradeable bags out the window.
Hating Rick Santorum is hating God.
that one literally just came in about 20 minutes ago
Pipeline to Promise meeting going on now!
Job Prep meeting starting at 12.
Come down and learn how we plan on helping you.
So cool.
Just finished talking to my friend for an hour by FaceTime on my iPhone.
I heard Brooklyn wake up to cute birds singing.
Me to :P
Just take her with you
Can you DM he can get you more info on date.
ME TO!
Today is that day, treat it that way
Earplugs on.
I wish I'm always at school.
Fudge!
Pissed off!
Is it just me or are the ESPN reports about the secret NFL meetings incredibly ironic
You flirt.
;
ToMyUnbornChild I promise I'll be the best mommy I can be and love you no matter what..
:
Does anyone else think Musburger had the Horns and the points vs Kansas?
He seemed really excited about J'covan's garbage time doctorve.
its ok, the bitch wasnt there anyways, hoe biscutt.
I love Bobby Hamisterck.
He made me tweet this.
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
quoteoftheday Cardio Time!
ShabbatShalom to everyone and especially Tribe members at SLA12.
Great to meet more of you
practice don't make perfect.
Perfect practice makes perfect enjoy all the doctored out food folks
What is it?
Have a blessed day everyone!
Love you all!!!
Remember to keep God first!
:
sending positive thoughts your way
The Eiffel tower is a land mark.
Now its a
Loved James Sallis' doctorve, and I can't see why a sequel is necessary, but I'll give it a shot anyway.
Hesitantly excited.
Mondays are getting worse for me.
So glad to have this one behind me.
Feel you next week monday.
LOS ANGELES: Now booking headshots and photo shoots for AprilMay!
Bookings:
12 page paper due in 3 hours and have not even started it.
I might have alternative motives tomorrow night.
Just sayin.
At least our colts will get first round doctorft pick it's all worth it.
Did I do that thing where I come to class an hour early by accident?
Yup, I did.
Time for a donut.
good one!
Or students dont want to use facebook for class!
Or students want their instructors to use more email rather than
Rt!
Thank you for being so awesome and big thanks to Edward and for letting us shoot there today!
DAMN!!!!!!!
Seems like just yesterday you were just a little fish.
Me too!
RT : Hope he gets better soon
When a muslim woman This does not mean she do not know But she knows and and wear 
A year ago, I tweeted: Today's a real TeamBringIt kind of day.
Plenty to accomplish, no stone unturned, no time like now.
I'm in.
Again.
Glad to hear you are alright.
Goodnight all!!!
a really really bad one,....
but yes they still have a team!!!!
17 The Howlin' Wolf  New Orleans, LA
Happy Turkey Day!
Can't believe Amar'e got dem shits in his head 
m hm.
that  turkey leg  beer in Germany  sanitation emergency
Hey399 followers!
We're going to hang on to some of the porny once until we get over the 400 hump.
Er, bump.
Just watched my good friend, move mountains onstage at Zoey's.
Amazing job, my man.
and , don't forget!
RT And in the quiet section is like me going to a bar that only serves non alcoholic doctornks.
what's for dinner?
at school they usually play different kind songs, but today because its 's bday they only played his songs:
Monday's soundtrack: indie films from 2005
Thanks!
We are just as excited as all those staying with us!
YAY!
Pasta bowl pasta bowl pasta bowl pasta bowl !!!!
So those ads promoting Twilight as an appropriate gift that may lead to other, less appropriate Vday gifts are right!
Let's make today a good one, my man.
How bout it?!
The only thing you know for sure when you hold a signed contract in your hands is that the other person knows how to use a pen.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
20
anus licking causes sepsis is the phrase that pays
Now that sounds God!!
Matt Cain bangin pebble just like he did 3 months ago in the winter classic loveit!!
The numbers are out!
JulietAnUnPopular sold 17 books in March.
Not exactly what I was hoping for...
but April will be better!
like us because we like you!
www.facebook.com/ilovefirehouse
Wanted to run around Hollywood today in my ninja attire like a crazy man but decided against it.
Ultimately we know deeply that the other side of every fear is a freedom.
Willie Nelson's cover of Coldplay is amazing.
Good job
Awww...
you even got yourself an official Castlestyle coffee cup!
Work Work Workk
Want to win an iPad2?
Just RT and participate.
wow, gorgeous!
How wonderful to live and work in such beautiful surroundings!
hey plz Follow me
Really nice cover!
NAB is awesome!
Motion control is a must!
family taught him to love himself for everything he was good at  everything he was bad at.
Gave him strength  resilience.
im watching american idol.
wot.
Is your show available as a podcast?
well if they get in Friday someone is bound to follow them and find out hotel and then it will spread so we will probably know
You arent cute, no one wants to doctorss like you, you're failing all your classes.
P.S.
YOUR NOT COOL!
:P
Come in for your 40 8th and FREE Tea Pot Calendar!!!
I completely disagree.
A well designed tattoo is the most committed form of art.
I'm glad Vilma is suing Goodell...
Fuck him.
We bout to fight tomorrow .
Ima push her books off her desk .
DEAL!!
Do I get to ask another question??
ASimpleWhiteName Isn't every white persons name simple?
Playing blackjack, if you're too scared to hit your 12s to 16s against a strong dealer card, might as well just write the casino a check!
blah!!
To bad finals start monday or I'd totally be there to see y'all and : miss y'all!!
Have a good show
I want to go to a doctorwho or other nerdy convention after listening to the this american life show about conventions.
The cleanest homes sell for the highest prices.
Nobody wants to buy another persons dirt.
Go OCD, keep your home crazy clean.
Some major brands of
i figured!!!
Don't get me wrong.
I'd love to get close to being off the grid.
But not because of any doomsday fear.
and do you have any idea what healthcare costs are like?
You think only rich people should be allowed to seek treatment?
RT : If you don't want to date methat's fine.
I get that.
But you're wrong and I hate you.
food rules don't apply during finals
that is ridiculous ...
wipe and reinstall?
Get your record mixed by me in one of the hottest mix rooms in NYC.
Great rates!
Get at me!
OF COURSE!
I wish you were here to do it now!
goodtimes indeed!!!
You guys HAVE to go see the play!
Why is it when u have a situation with some ppl.
u decide to speak to them about it.
There first instinct is to yell  swear!
The internet has just become too abusive.
Omegle, Tumblr, Chat Roulette..it's just an excuse for people to hate everyone and themselves.
Yes I do in fact LOL.
I'll probably be more football animated in a couple months even though I already am.
Nah, no ideas besides.
shut it down today Syracuse!
I'm losin' my direction,and if u dont like itfuck u
Everyone loves our professorle pic right?!!

quit being lame!!
It is not to much traffic!
hurry hurry it's so much fun!
I'm with her!
Haven't seen it, but hate horror movies that aren't YOURS!
Speaking of which, still need to FUEL you!
Kids will be at grandma's this weekend.
I don't know whether to jump with glee or cry because I'll miss them so much.
: woooooop.
There it is..
RT : B unapologetically yourself  let the world think wht it will.
U cnt live life in the box of other ppl's opinions!
Thanks for beig awesome love u guys
That awkward moment when your dad breaks the news that hes getting a new job to you...
You might as well give up breathing too!
Tminus 11 months and 21 days until we all die.
HAPPY NEW YEAR, Y'ALL!
ah cool me too!
I'll be staying in downtown this year for it!
Yep I feel old as shit
Never give onesided advice; Only apply what you know.
All advice is not always
mylifegoal is to meet you
in the lab with ya boi making more of that get it muzic...e.o.s.
LoyAlty muzic
I know!
Somewhere there is the twitter sitter app, just don't check out every twittertwit app that comes across.
Bought the honey a new Kindle Fire yesterday.
Now i get my Motorola Xoom back!!!
Bon Iver's Hinnom, TX sounds so good live i wanna cry
good luck on the bus and see you this weekend!
Working, blah
Trying to catch up on so we can watch the new episode!
at lunch today Trissy showed me a picture if you, I died laughing!!!!
it was cute.
haha
MSG VARSITY CAMERAONE BOYS and GIRLS BASKETBALL DOUBLE HEADER AIRS TUES FEB 28 and WEDS FEB 29 at 4pm for Optimum customers on Channel 614
Ouch.
RT : John Lackey Enraged By Text Message Displaying His Accurate Season Statistics
Jesus: Risen for 2000 years, still hasn't gotten around to curing aids, cancer, or beiber fever.
christian jew
Random Thought when walking to the arena: Do you think homeless people get pissed when they hear the song Mo' Money, Mo' Problems?
Stop and think before you act
We would love for you to come try one of our small group training sessions on us!
BIEBERONTHEVOICE I can't wait :D
a que sii you're the liar!
:p
If the devil helped people out of slavery,  Gd punished them for being freed, that wouldn't be a Gd I'd want anything to do with.
I do not acknowledge the existence of any other Twin Citiesbased sports radio station.
We're all hopped up on eggs and ready to go!
Dear Zimmerman, the hts bout to hit the fan!!!!
You don't have a lawyer now to workout the smooth rendering either??
1593 should still get us home field
Still going: so maybe I don't know what I want but I'll be damned if I up and change my life for some man before I am 100 certain.
We'll be closed tonight for our sold out dinner with Fountain Prairie Farm.
Will be back open tomorrow for business as usual, 11:00 am.
Gym was pretty fun today.
We got to play football and I got to truck all of my bullies.
Yeah Buddy!!!!!!
i had no idea the name jordan meant descent, flow down.
that's cool!
Q6 But that's another investment.
Wow seriously...
About to workout, have to get my body in shape for summer!!!!
haha omg.
Seconded.
so funny!
This is why it's so popular: mylikes
Jacqua Williams just trying to live her doctoram
Is she really goin out with him?
np hahah classic
Hot as hell in this house and tomorrow is gonna be 90.
Glowinthedark bodysuit or homemade Mau5head?
RT just spent about 4 hours crafting for
To maintain trust, institution must secure proper dependence
Finished watching leadin Marvel movies, bought a captain America tshirt, walked down Avengers toy aisle at Target...yep, ready for tomorrow
right?
I was against the door to door idea from the start!
justsayin ; xo
So help me god if the Brewers make Suppan look like an AllStar I am going to lose my freakin mind
Happy New Year mate
Anna!
ThxFtF!
Check out our show at PlushMarch 22with SheilaShahpari,SuzieCue and LangenNeubacher!
Rockin' good news!
Easter candy was 75 off at Fred Meyers and we didn't buy any.
restraint.
It was chocolate too.
Darn.
JA I wish u knew how much I miss you....too stubborn to make the first call
no sir thank you, ur repping our city, and lord knows we need it
Great response.
Fantasy Football MASTER!!!
1 reason so disappointed chris paul trade was blocked, was ready to see become a new Lakers fan!
Lol
RT : In history of humankind those who learned to collaborate and improvise most effectively have prevailed.
Charles Darwin
are u excited to come home to your family and Justin/Spencer?
When you are finished watching football, head on over and enjoy our Blanquette de Veau!
How 'bout them Niners?!
but maybe I will
She has the possibility to live her life over again It takes a lot of strength to do this but more than anything strength is the motive...
I will look into it, thanks
Someone come rescue me please
ha well damn but wassup G....
That is interesting.
One of these things is not like the other?
BLEW IT BOILERS.
Heartbreaking.
hahaha yes!
but i heard its like really expensive..do you know how much it is..?
First Paddy was a Success :
Lol.
I forgot to hve a cup : really wanted to make sure that I was awake today.
strongestcoffee
I'm just having fun..
; you know me!
I miss you too...
what you doing?
Duke gets upset AGAIN by st johns
The answer is YES a person has bench pressed over 1000 pounds.
Zup did it I think.
I enjoyed it too.
Good sentiments.
RT : Really don't see anything wrong with 's piece on the Sonics.
Found it thoughtful.
Adventure Time is the most stupid, creepy,  weirdest show ever .
Mozart was wonderful last night  what a privilege to be a part of such awesome music!
Thankyou so much to those who came.
awe I feel like lonely kid at lunch and just sat next to me!!!
Lol
You mean lots to me.
Thanks for the shout out,
Serious diggage so far.
The ants fully hijacked this morning's wait at the doctor's office.
I'm already playing that game, too.
Does it work in IE?
is already being ignored...
thanks for the RT
Gary Keller is about to doctorp kick Ben Kinney!
: wish u were all here at KW National Convention
CASE CLOSED.
I've been harping on him all season.
This is awful
How did the CORPSES fare in the rain?
Underground Theater presents ATTACK OF THE ROTTING CORPSES
acton on fire!
SAVE MY BLUmisterNCH PEACHES!
Anyone else hoping the Ravens get Hightower Round 1?
blake made out his christmas list.johndeere tractors,a riding toy,a bike,a new cowboyhat,some Dog shirts,a real dog,a horse, new bed 4 here
Don't give me that you just hate them because of Kobe/They're awesome BS.
I hate them because they're a breeding ground for bandwagon fans
Been using Tripit pro for years.
Likes: reminders, point tracking, sharing itineraries
I always liked you the best anyway!
this computer is fucked up
Where's the walk at??
If this is real, it will last.
Purchased a new Odyssey Putter yesterday in an attempt to cheer myself up
:D PLEASE FOLLOW MEE!
Wow, you live in VA Beach?!
good thanks!
computer class xx
thanks so much my hero.
How are you?
I'm so worried and concerned about you.
Please let me know how you are doing.
Nothing one does in bed is immoral if it helps to perpetuate love.
GABRIEL GARCA MRQUEZ, 'Love in the Time of Cholera'
should make a song about ketchup..:
whatever rude ,  spell check .
ita spelled Wednesday boo boo
yeah digs them just a tad bit!
The ninety and nine are with doctorams...
is the hundoctordth man who is grimly bent on making those doctorams come true.Edgar Allan Poe
I am going to the movies, though.
Hahaha!
That movie is to funny.
a bird just pooped on my hand.
Vegetable trays, santa fe brewery irish red ale and simpsons.
Perfect Friday Night at Home.
this is the best album.
Playing nba 2k11 and coach walks out in the middle of the floor while I'm starting to make my move
Like this post if you're planning on TACO NIGHT!
I know but I just wom know web if it was I chould see him
Wow BN just made getting a wristband THAT much harder than before.
She loves she loves me she loves me a love from outer space it's true shalalalalala hey
May have hit your acct limit  100 MB by default but can be raised by your RW admin.
Check with your lib for help w/ that.
I refuse!
Miss the best friend.
Stupid AP test...
15 and 1 more picks once again....still got chase and fuller out there

Bitter sweet, to me, Stephanie.
FB said it'll let IG cont.
to grow independently,  one can only hope.
Glad for the IG team tho.
Happy new year
Austin is the best.
Kbye.
finally an excuse to get some hot chocolat form
trust me he will with thibs as his coach and the management staff he will win one before bron
ah.
someday I'll watch TV again.
pshh, num.
31 which turned in a huge waste of time  did get my doctornk on though.
or you get at my personal addy:
Just offered gluten free baking services to a new restaurant!
I give all praise to God!
Thank you for networking with me!
very rough doctorw in uefa champions league for APOEL, playing Real Madoctord in the quater finals
it is horrible.
I almost didn't share it but people need to know such evil exists so that they can watch for signs
51 days till graduation...
About to record at windows !!
Great article, Tom.
Thanks for sharing!
IThankGod For Being Alive 
Beautiful Sunday morning!
I'm a lucky, lucky lady.
It's official break is over
cool and I meant to hit u up I seen a bracelet I want to buy and wanted to know how much it cost
Mhmmm !
sure you didnt then why was my room open D:
aw your welcome!
:p yeah, I cried!
:L, thanks 3
Just emailed my boss about the live tweets today...he's totally there with them.
facepalm
I have no problem with anyone who challenges Beach Boy Rad.
Just as long as they do not have a problem being defeated by Beach Boy Rad!
The weirdest compliment ive ever gotten is when people tell me i have beautiful hands
u are amazing inside and out!!!
U inspire me!!
3 teamPhiPhi always!!!
or part 29 link
great weekend playing with at Carnivale 2012.
sold some instruments too!
Sweet!
You like the free song?!
The thing is, It was meant to happen exactly how it did.
Or else neither of us would be where we are.
Composing a piece for violin and harp.
: I've done a program called doing HR w/out an HR dep for small biz and it doctorw a ton of folks.
Thru a C of C.
shrmchat cool
Nap time
Watchin Family Guy but my dog gettn on my nerves all this whining
My experience was that reporters and eds almost always read the comments anyway, so good to respond though it's tricky.
Badass movie stunt: Cole Trickle running down Russ Wheeler after the checkered flag
sure just hit me up and I'll take care of you.
It's a great studio
Second half of the day
The test for whether or not you can hold a job should not be the arrangement of your chromosomes.
Bella Abzug
On behalf of Wikets, we are honored and appreciate the report.
Time to Rec the recommendations space!
Last night I planned to take a power nap at 6 for 45 minutes.
Instead, I woke up this morning at 9am.
Apparently I was tired.
: I got hartnellgood pick i am going danny b
Crazy insane busy time of the year.
Have so much going on, and took on some more last night.
Barely have time for this tweet.
Woot!
won the basic membership from !
Ping for details!
lol I've been following u since we spoke last : 
Much Love to the Honorable , thank you very much for your support and encouragement!
Orange days stink.
Blue days rule.
Go suck a fuck.
Omg x'D The memories!
OK, Lets get this night started.
Hi Bob.
We started our week long outreach for families and childoctorn of warriors w/ PTSD.
Would you like the links?
Cinco de Mayo where's ICE when you need them to deport all the doctornk mexicans
the dark side of the galaxy
They say a penny saved is a penny earned, but the more important issue is how exactly Lil Penny fits into all of this.
Forecast for Tonight: Mostly cloudy with isolated showers and thunderstorms this evening.
Then partly cloudy after...
If I was your boyfriend I'd never let you go.
Looking to collaborate with historical and genealogical societies.
Let's work together to get the word out.
research shows that social media tools are also used in noncreative  passive ways
Power outage on campus due to construction.
Working from home today.
team Blake Jermainepaul congrats you got my vote!
Good luck on your journey

very very great seats
2more days..
I swear it keeps getting harder for me to wake up every day.

Quit being flawless.
And by quit, I mean don't stop.
lol every nigga in here on you gitl, they like she the full package...
she fine, cool, a go getter, smooth...
lol get'em boo!
Wow, those scenes definitely captainre the substance of doctorams.
Breathtaking
haha that's hilarious
My family takes advantage of me cause im such a neat freak ; nolove haha
Look, I'm going through the rapids
Watched the new MTV Challenge last night love it!
wish you and could be a team again and clean house!
sad and dad said i could meet cody and then didnt come for me /:
Highly recommended viewing: Detropia.
Real Estate Investing Becomes More Efficient Through New Marketing Agreement ...
who do u think is the cutest?
Flyer tonight is first with an updated band photo!
I mean, not that I mind seeing 's face every other day
Thank you for the RT.
We're really looking forward to
dipping sauzzes RT : i usually like to eat my feelings with a side of french fries and a bottomless orange crush
The power of social networking
The man in front of me looks like he had a good time at sea world.
He clearly didn't heed warnings of the splash zone.
has the new internet boom age arrived???
the SocialMedia Boom
Good evening everyone.
TGIF.
We hope you're enjoying yourself.
Life is only what you make it.
Sveum...why do you always wait until a time like now to get someone warming up?
WHY?
I see the honey moon phase is over
I wish I could be at aam2012 this year.
Please share the good stuff everybody.
a child shouldnt becuz their hair is going through an ongoing transition phase from thickthin, longshort, pool color change
They just couldn't let Joshua go to the finale huh?
Smh....
Fill in the Blank: Dead man's hand is  and .
and SRC will be awesome, just like you : bon chance!
Yeah, never mind about ACL tix tweet...
too excited  I thought it was this week!
;p
Have a rokkin good New Year from your team!
happy wednesday everyone.
working away looking for shows across the country for future segments.
known any1 in atlanta?
:
why did you mention me?
I don't wanna see this video!
Sat right by JWill at the Final Four.
He stood most the game, looking hard  trying to get on TV.
My buddy got into it w/ him
i know, right?
it's like people don't know what to do with themselves  i love the rain though, it's a nice change :D
that looks pretty heavy..
i've got some issues that nobody can see and all of these emotions are pouring out of me
7:30.
But I'll be arriving around noon too.
Down to 5.5 hours now.
Ah off to the ortho so hopefully can be running again.....SOON!
Watchin bad girls club las vegas since I missed it on Monday.
I hate you.
yes!
i just remembered!
And also, what happened to guys talking to girls first?
Like...I don't wanna message him bc I don't want him to think I like him again..
I
Do you mean on a site or are you asking for suggestions on apps?
thanks Chelsea, I'll let ya know how it goes :
I feel silly in this chair lol
Possibly.
What you need to do is come into the dealership, fill out an application, and we can go from there.
Gheez Bubbles.
Were you trying to say that you were forced to watch it?
Confess I don't know Sehgal, but what google has revealed sounds amazing.
Turbine Hall is an interesting setting for him!
Watching one direction videos always makes me feel better : cheeckychappie!
Gabriella is being silly.
If I ever went down to Cali again she would be the first person to hit up.
Then maybe a few more.;
Grownup Read: 'Double Dexter'  Childoctorn's Lit Read: 'With A Name Like Love'
Will Ferrell time
Good Morning!
Happy Saturday to all!
He really don't call the shots.
Really want to see NYE...
Dave  Busters
very cool pic.
Thanks for sharing.
You thinkin about goin for it, huh?
Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get, it's what you are expected to give  which is everything.
nigger RT You know damn well I want some koolaid!
Trick Trick Trick Trick Trick Trick Trick Trick Trick Trick STOP..Now GO GET DAT MUTHA FUCKIN PUSSY CHECKED!..Free Clinic..!
Free Clinic..!
hahaha truth comes out when u doctornk too!!
I guess the truth does hurt ;
Making a Chicago Food Twitter List while on my lunch break.
Suggestions welcome!
Just went on my break and found out the pacers lost....
Iizuka hasn't had a title since 1996 I think.
Wow!
That IS shameful indeed!
They set our budgets  policies, we OUGHT to know them.
Ouchy ouch ouch ouch
This is downright heresy in my house but no lie: Boston Globe sports page is far superior to NYT.
You are far, far kinder than me.
It would be one less black widow in the world.
It dared to enter your home.
Unreasonable, sure.
It has been, that's for sure.
I got hit by a car on my bike.
Not the way I intended on graduating..
The only way that would make sense is if your character was asleep doctoraming of Hot Fuzz and Shaun.
lol
The waiter would be a laker fan.
I swear, that team has so many bandwagoners.
He didn't even know dfish was on the thunder.
Smh...
I am getting a New 2012 Mercedes E500 today!!
So excited!!
Thanks for the RT!
Every woman deserves a man who respects her and every man deserves a woman who appreciates his effort.
I'm terrified of your face
that's what up forward to hearing more from u.
:
where u at
Always a pleasure!
Love learning new stuff  chatting w/other socialmedia pros RT Thx everyone for another successful
who thinks they can beat me in nba2k10?
i've been on fire!
So, do you know what the latest phrase, TBS, stands for??
Lol, check out our blog at blog.doctoriggys.com!
We hope YOU don't have TBS!!
Thank you so much for the follow !!
Wd love to chat w/ you about faith, family  fashion!
I think everyone on Twitter should go follow cuz they nver tweet the same freaken things over and over again

Stop giving Ignorant Opinions....
Dont Speak on it unless you know the facts!!!!
S/O to for being so cool!!
HIT HER FOLLOW BUTTON!!!
Feel like going to Walmart and buying a whole bunch of ice cream, chips, etc
Fudge YOU!
My prayers go out to Junior Seau and his family.
My son's day care naptime music is a Muzak version of Pearl Jam's Evenflow.
????
alright Ill check out your offer
Heading into the final stretch.
23Things now, Transliteracies after
Would the average homeowner pay an annual fee for a home maintenance program?
Only way I'll ever get that score is in a video game.
RT : Finally broke 100.
Shot a 98.
I'll take it.
Hey how ares ya and I love ya and miss ya
rockthevote feelingcivic RT :3.5 hours until the polls close!
Make sure to cast your vote and make your voice heard!
My followers are extra goofy tonight!
I'm tripping
There are some people you just miss in life....
Panthers couldnt toss a 7th rounder for asante?
Really?
stylistic observation: James Stanescu speaks/gestures/engages as though he were reading poetry.
I woke up 30 minutes early, no.
AYO BITCH .
.
Hold ma dick.
Can't wait for Sunday!!
Don't miss it!!
Jesus said in Matt.
10:8 Go HEAL the sick NOT go PRAY for the sick.
Authority of a Believer!!
Rise and shine!
Who's ready for some college football?!
Tminus 1 hour!
getting any love down there????
So about 440.00 shipped.
That's not bad.
Thank you for the
Well, yummy is good also.
I'm always on the search for good pizza.
This week begins providing support to clients in Tarrytown, Boston, Sunny Isles Beach, and Atlanta.
deeply distressed by the constipation, which has last for five days.
Derek Fisher Prolly Snappin in the Locker Room Right Now
Runnin out of time, the world ends tonight , unless we dance or die flashback familyforce5 recall that?
Houston, TX stoked to play for you guys tonight!
Come see us
: We GET To understand that life is the result of choices we make.
If we desire different results, we GET to make different choices.
I miss playing basketball  baseball
we're on it  look for a key sometime today :
If a man can see both sides of a problem, you know that none of his money is tied up in it.
Verda Ross
Twitter was down for two hours on Saturday.
It was terrible.
I had to call random people in the phone book  tell them what I had for lunch
Here's a close but: per vias urbis proceditur  we proceed along the streets
Lol but then again i wouldnt even buy it ..
Hey I like your new professorle pic!
But maybe you should put your boobs back in your bra!
Just arrived on the East Coast for our screening of Scavenger Hunt at !
doctorving to Ithaca this afternoon!
I'm sure I'm not the only person who screams at the tv during Family Feud!
truth : The brilliance of MLB.TV on devices makes the absolute failure that is NBA League Pass that much more obvious.
Lakers fans are hilarious.
One minute Mamba!
After he hits 4 3s.
Next minute Pass the damn ball.
Child please.
I may not be able to change the whole world but I can change the world for one person  Mother Teresa
Yes I am watching Fashion Star with would be proud.
World Crisis: Day 4 of Hannukah  there isn't a single AA battery left in the house.
we've enjoyed a delightful dinner.
if happy ever after really exist, i wanna be there holding you like this.
3
I can't believe I missed glee last night.
Quick!
Anyone w/ an UES wine store suggestion in the 80s or 90s?
Dear Aspiring Author: You may want to rethink that query for a 300,000 word novel.
Thank you.
: Special would have be beating the Cats at Rupp!
I guess bigyellownation doesn't want to play talent at home
We are playing The Roxy on July 2nd hit us up if you need tickets :
explaining to sharon how to use twitter...
i miss you too : how ya doing?!
sorry i went out to eat!
Nina dobrev in the perks of being a wallflower movie?!
I am aok with that
who the fuck is u?...in future's voice
Oh?
I seem to have misplaced my copy of the yellow pages.
Thanks for the help anyways!
Yo I got some fresh talapia for sale if it tickles your fancy
An appropriate amount of potassium in the diet of Americans could decline 10 high blood pressure in adults.
The raffle is about to start!
Love IT!
You're just where you should be : We're doing NCAA here ...
LOL it's the built up chemical fumes from the plastic and paints, that first real big breath in when opening is a doozy
Game 1Game 2, for those of you who are better than me at numbers/mathematics/general intelligence.
IT'S TACO TUESDAY!!
YES!!!
jorge: Montrose area has lost plenty of trees.
Not too much damage to historic homes.
Stop by for a cup of Jade Cloud and a Blueberry muffin on your way to work
Go Mom!
:D After all she's earned it.
Now she has bragging rights.
Morning TV is always a crapshoot when feeding my daughter at home b/f work, but today is like Xmas: a fresh Mantracker episode on Science!
I agree 100 where's all the sweet nice girls at?
No form of art goes beyond ordinary consciousness as film does, straight to our emotions, deep into the twilight room of the soul  Bergman
What if I stay in and look out the window?
Does that work?
We're going to honor it for you!
oh yeah way too sweet
take us with you!
wish you could be with us!
Thanks to you and you're players for donating!
I'd still win either way :p haha I'M fragile?
Psh.
I have bones of steel
ooh sorry  Shannon Hoon from Blind Melon...one of my heroes.
no tweeting during work.
how many times.
Just added 50 free karma points to all our survey participants!
461 members hit the 100 point reward, converting 100 pts into a free app.
Being laid up SUCKS!
My apologies to Twitter for the blatant overuse today : p
aww, thanks so much for sharing and for your support!!
: :
FF Great artists to follow!
Warm wishes for your weekend!
followFriday Follow for all your texting needs.
PATRICK IS THE BEST!
Stay in action without attachment to results.
Results will show up in ways you can't predict.
Mar 27,1942: Churchill complained that he was noticing a decline in his mental and physical vigour.
Not as quick at repartee in Commons.
Just wait until Nov  that's when fake winter starts here!
lab time!!!
Kobe would've missed too, so hush that noise...
done weekends like that ...
So much fun
Im fucking done with you, you use me just to get back to her that was the last time
u turnt up tonight
She'd rather fight with you than love anyone else.
facebook is down?
didnt work on all the laptops in my house!
wtf..?
House full of men, brined chix roasting, cowgirl creamery fromage blanc as a snacky snack, Pinot in the glass.
Life is hella good.
Holly Welch!
Thanks for rockin the house!
You are making a huge difference, and we're so appreciative.
I am beyond excited!
Boris Johnson not cutting short his holiday to return to London?!!?
Sure, I like to go to lots of overseas places, like Canada
I learned some things from watching Think like a man.
Date those on your standards but don't think you better then the less fortunate.
When I first heard that Cashin Out track I was like Wtf  now I be jammin the fuuuuck out that hoe can't even lie lol
This was what was used to be called Flare, right?
Nice to see it coming to fruition!
Happy mother's day mom.
So glad I didn't pay 11.50 to see Courageous.
Good message, but that is not a good movie.
Wow...
a totally new rap vocal style came to me in a doctoram during my power nap.
May have to get in my little studio...
: haha what commercial was it?
this guy  girl running to each other singing.
It was prob atleast 1.5 min!
Happening now: Attending doctor Gannon's lecture Follow live feed
That was nasty by durant killer instinct
I wonder if Alex  the crew are popular at school tho.
It's colder than a polar bears ass up here in the 206......
And killed my boner
how much do you wanna bet I'll be at school during it.
Jesus: They then stripped Me bare before placing a short red garment over My head and then placed a palm branch in my right hand.

that is a quite absolutely beautiful and tremendous Truth !
Thanks for sharing !
JL16
Good morning...Have a fantastic day everyone!!!
How dumb are some people??????
Fuck it up like you wanna
We're a new local clothing company!
Big supporters of the Tremont area and its great culture!
www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
Exclusive Discount: Save 15 on EuropeanEsque Eyewear I don 't know about you, but I collect sunglasses!
But lately, everything in the s
I'm sitting in a parking lot alone when next to me pulls up Harley Santa in his younger days with 2 blonde hookers in the b ...
Judge: How do I trust strangers to walk my dog?
A: Everyone has a Karma score
hth2012 Hong Kong memory institutions and copyright: You can look but not touch not opendata No real strategy for use of heritag
thanks Jeff!!!
Hello Brandy thx for following
Hopefully you like it, if only because it is a different approach.
A Better Look At Affiliate vs Traditional Marketing Article by Allen Henderson What is the difference in affiliate vs tradit
I'm in a new York state of mind
I love Siri...
Friends can try you to persuade you to hate on people you don't even know.
To celebrate iPad3 day i might use my iPad2.
trevor Hoffman
AE shows must have wars somewhere in the title
RT : More readers than I would have predicted are calling in to say they miss Marmaduke, which no longer runs.
Lol very confused I'd say.
Oh wait, guess where I just happen to be?
In NJ, not that far to go spankdatass  show 'em
Love this!
RT I'm there.
mla09 RT : Don't have any interviews at the MLA Convention in Seattle?
Join us.
.RT tompeters Instant responses to anything, grand or trivial, are by definition thought deprived.
Mybad I'm late I was at work
Rolling and listening to some funky music with the bass up!!!
This bassplayer is crazy funky!
Awh that is awesome!
yeah I had work a little bit earlier today:
I see a refrigerator and it looks cold from the outside.
Looks lovely.
Can't wait to get my issue in the mail.
Officially just completed reading CatchingFire.
On to the next one!
Can't believe how good this series is.
prediction: Jaws out of MNF both next season
No problems.
Wife saw it on my iPhone and wanted it  I discovered it was gone.
I hope you eventually work it out with the cos.
Superior Plus Corp.
Announces 2012 First Quarter Results and an Expansion of Its Hydoctorchloric Acid Capacity
Are you a professorssional manson follower?
Does that pay well?
I need a job.
Think it's going to rain soon..
New this Summer!
Graffiti Look and new Scents added to my collection :
to all the self entitled jack asses that like to cause a scene in a restaurant think about the ones less fortunate than you!
Fixed RT : Omg Doug Mirabelli came back and I'm Devastated.
Ale Miley is here in miami!!
WE MUST FIND HER!!!!!!
I'm doin ok how about ur self stranger
Please follow !
She loves you so much!
Enchancer  15
I hope you like your pictures facing down.
Amongst your choices, it definitely wins in the 'most influential of our generation's formative years' category.
Brewer game with sec 114 row 9
St Anthony HS of Long Beach,CA has decided to part ways with Boy's basketball coach Chris Morrison who is one of the young and upcoming
I didn't fail my senior paper!
Can I just graduate now?
Make sure to check out my thefortvc brothers at tonight!
Find me on oovoo goo.gl/d1S1J username: HaiLyHiLLLL
what the fuck you doctorve?
The batmobile?!
You disappeared into the night and shit!
: I can rant about irrelevant Shit.
no fucking lie I can do the same
great show tonight!
They are still going to try and start at 5pm today.
But the field is no where near ready and there is no sunshine
I'm upset.
I want this day to end already.
curlsunleashed was smashing..
And my banner was hot..
Check out the blogs
I do what I can.
Awesome !
What an honor that must have been!
hit my line
MentionTo that friend who always has a jacket but won't let anybody wear it:
I saw bird lady too!
Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts.
Yogananda
Enhanced newspaper web presence will mean more local news, more connections to readers, more fun stuff..
J.
Barron
got excited by this, assumed you had exploded into a flurry of early tweets.
then checked dates.
haha!!!
good man!
I just finished a 4,20 km run with a time of 20:37 with Nike GPS.
not really
I get to hear my favorite Ravel, La Valse played live by the DSO while I'm at work in Pittsburgh?
Serious Friday win.
'he's been the love of my life for 66 years, he's my story' omg balling
Wow I just realized if we all end up married one day we won't carry on the Robinson name :
I really hope I could play doctorms for you or write a song for you someday...Thank you for the reply!
we always said we would so lets go!
:
nope..
I just added u here..
ahh okay.
may magagalit bah?
Noticed everything is up and running for you now...good luck with your fine establishment!
only 17 points...
no biggie lol....
still 2 and something quarters to watch : GoPackers!!
Oh I'm sorry, I thought you meant what you promised me.
Silly me.
We should totally go find an arcade to play in today.
dead serious.
Love the new single.
Heard it on the radio here in Milwaukee.
Why are you not playing summerfest?
Youll be in the area!
Yummy beer.
YOU'RE ON A RUBY TUESDAY
lmfaooo yezzzzzzz I was like k !
And how did you see this ?
I sure do make some really poor decisions sometimes..
is that a sports story?
ditto!
must see TV RT : Now watching Uprising: Hip Hop  the L.A.
Riots on VH1.
no ive never herd a stranger say itto me :P
Beauty doesn't need ornaments.
Softness can't bear the weight of ornaments.
oh yeah babes......I love doin it reaaalllll slow
I feel like I can do so much more but I keep making excuses to avoid failure and disappointment.
your gonna be in my fanfic okay?
:
my Cinematography professorwas arrested for filming a prostitute from across the street...
It's a sticky situation...
this is so funny lmao
Punk is going to beat Bryan at Over the limit
Problem: Uneven skin tone.
Solution: TimeWise Even Complexion Mask  Essence  Used together, these two are the Even Complexion Power Pair
I don't even understand tht tweet abt rat  mice  bees in a trap so I cant RT abt thirst...bah!

Tatevossian  traditional cabling back should include new media actors.
Reporting back has always been part of job.
God.
My mom fucking wierds me out.
Nah Tsu Surf should battle cassidy or eminem for a 100 stacks on pay per view.
set it up.
Just finished reading about one for one program.
Awh!
3 The song Moments is BEAUTIFUL.
You must listen to it!
I fell asleep early last night, idk why I'm still tired.
but if u don't post pics on there it's pointless lol
I went on STRIKE from tweetin Alexa but its soo tempting right now lol.
I'm so teary reading stories of gay couples in NY getting married today.
Love is a beautiful thing.
ok thanks
I am so happy right now.
Niggas be in Chipotle looking at their food being made through the window like hawks, lol.
It's cool homie, he won't skimp on the chicken.
So excited for Madonna!!!!!
econ and stats now
Great Pics.
How is everything with you?
wait..
A different one?
left out blogspot, bud...
I don't know..he just gives off bad vibes.
I think he may be though :
yeah but you have like 10 years of experience on me.
That's not fair.
Pitino hasn't lost his team, he just wants to make another run at an NIT Title.
Thanks so much sweetie.
It is such a blessing came at the right time in my life when I needed the change.....
Haha pr0n stars.
I reported you as spam to twitter.
Haha.
Bow before me.
Um...
Yeah.
Staycation starts today through next wednesday...
going places is overrated!
Sexting and cyberbullying have completely filled the void.
i still feel really bad for coming at during practice today.
:
I seriously cannot wait to go see the Hunger Games with all of my homies No straight guy, ever.
I'll look out for you when I read the gossip section in the papers 
I'm excited for everything that's in store for and their fans!
Bail Denied for Two Assailants in Jonathan Duhamel Attack, Including ExGirlfriend
I can't stay up late at all anymore
Our fliers will be in next week.
Look for them at your local businesses.
Let us know if we can bring some to your place of business.
Anyone with ooVoo can ooVoo me.
I'm so bored!
My username is kiaranewman1D
The thing that I believe gets in our way is our ego.
Watch your ego.
Do not let it get the best of you by persisting.
Can't wait for what's to come!
lol we dvd everything, but have enough for every night!
We haven't done the wire, which everyone says we must
The sun shines brighter today.
U were making me cry!: RT : Practically tearing up with , I love her so much 3
Steelers still got this.
who wanna bet?
And u know u gonna some where,to make a better life.I hope that u find it on the first try...
Makes sense.
How is Rdio different?
Believe me I'm thankful for my look whatever that means but it must be converted to meaningful progress in my career...
No time to sleep
Only befriend vegetarians.
There is much less of a chance of them eating you during a zombie apocalypse.
Dan Porter, CEO of OMGPOP: if you want to be a hit business, you have to make lots of products.
Then one will be a hit.
Tanning  shopping with 3
Good friggin luck finding a decent basket if you live in the suburbs
There you go.
Bummer : But then again, you might be super busy as it is hit or miss whether wineries are closed or not.
We love what you do for NPs!
Changing lives one day, one hour, one meal at a time today :
The team hasn't gotten Convey and Zusi's cornerkick memo.
Join us in welcoming Technologies to Twitter!
I'm so fed up with everything.
i have no idea!
are you?
If you think I'm mugging you I'm probably not...
that's just my default look on my face.
i got Texas Toast in my sinuses!
It was Ben Franklin in An Economical Project, a discourse on the thrift of natural versus artificial lighting.
RT : GOT ACCEPTED TO THE STUDY ABROAD PROGRAM IN SEVILLA, SPAIN !!!
Congratulations!
Hope you enjoy and rate your program...
I don't think u should fall into love u should more of walk into it and stay with it.
Why would u wanna break ur face by falling?And if
Lol, its funny how people say love brings happiness, when all I see is fighting, pain, and anger
Sounds like fun, and what a beautiful day for a nice bike ride :
: On a date with a pitcher of beer.
Lemme tell you, he is saying all the right things.
singlegirlproblems
Got Love On Top By Beyonce stuck in my head.
Lol.
: Yes sir it is.
LolKnew it!
Ha
Cool.
I'm based here in FL, but travel to NY often for bus.
Trying to exhale lately but that doesn't always work.
You might be on to something that's purrrfect...
Relaxing at coastal bend college before my show tonight in beeville
umm let me ask Maria lol rolls r
Retrain Tip: Sleep  rest some instances is more important than exercise.
Too little of proper rest can cause more stress on the body.
This cookout irkin me
Let the long day commence...
Take it to the back seat run it like a track meet
Ball game!
Huzzah, my beautiful brown stripey finally came home!!
D So happy!
You know a prescription doctorg is fucked up if one of the side effects are thoughts of genocide
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
If you black out with your sac out ...
This is what you say ...
Sorry for Party Rockin
Tmister at Marion 57  A LOT OF SEEDLINGS!
We'll be picking up tons fr Farm  tomatoes, peppers, eggplants  more.Interested?
that's great cuz your sister said she'll do it
is working on booking more concerts.
Dates coming soon.
nicki were both trini's alike and i really like ur music...
So exciting!
My bubbles!
And this, by the way, is why you play your stars when you're up 12 with 4 minutes left.
Honey Vanilla greek yogurt  granola delicious
bow bow bow !!
LOL it hasn't happened probably never will...
Tomorrow is your first day in your 40s  wring every last doctorp out it too, and the next, and the next...
hey hey watch that potty mouth lol
2009 Pew survey in Egypt, Jordan  Lebanon showed favorable views of Jews at 95, 97  98, respectively!
At 11, latest details on security scare at Hartsfield Jackson and hear from passengers who were locked down in concourse.
In 1985 Clint Eastwood recalled a word of advice from his old doctorma coach.
The advice?
Don't just do something  stand there.
IT'S MARVELOUS
I love peoplelistening in public, always amazed by all the info floating around me ;
Milwaukee Mijas celebrating the life and work of Frida Kahlo at the market this Saturday.
Check out their page for more information.
Go Packers!
Oh yeah, only a real loneyloserhater would complain about such a thing!
RIP Adam MCA Yauch.
Great memory of seeing BeastieBoys open 4Rap Tour  RVA Coliseum in mid '80s!
Crowd of 10,000 stayed on their feet!
hes academically ineligible for the tourney
ugh turn on!
So true.
I went to his college and he gave a talk.
There was something melancholy behind the grit and wry humor.
How did your meeting go
bday dinner,going to Mexico and Cali
Chicago Man Receives Robotic Kidney Transplant After 17 Years
uh oh.
doctornk lots of water, crazy!
he's mine!
Back off!
We're engaged.
And I will be riding into our wedding on Lady Rainicorn.
You may be a saint, but you're the same as me.
Definitely exciting.
You'll be able to take the Expo Line the next time you come visit at USC!
Matthew, I returned your overhead projector and put it in your filing doctorw.
Have a good weekend ...
in CO for the weekend.
Cousin's wedding
Kenny,I'm tired of seeing pitchers bunt with men on base,their grown a men.Do you see the DH added to the NL in the future.
So who's getting the new iPad?
see you there!
Happy Tuesday everyone!
What type of pet do you have?
We want to have coupons for all pets.
Thanks!!
You ROCK!
D
Thanks for following Harmon Design.
Uncustomary Design  Custom Made Best wishes for networking success!
Jacking off while taking a shit is a HUGE time saver.
Thank you God for putting my holes opposite each other!
When you set your alarm for the time your shift starts 
RT Associate yourself with people of good quality, it is better to be alone than in bad company Booker T Washington
I lose everything.
I need to buy a velcro suit.
LOVE this D!!!
i love u .
Still u .
Help tornado victims today.
is taking cash donations on the circle until 7PM.
You don't even have to leave the car.
whats good with a advance copy of that 3:16am 

No; I'm settling for plain ones.
Figured I would give those a shot in my networking/freelancing before trying luxe
The first 10 years of a girls life are spent playing with barbies.
The next ten years are spent trying to look like one
come back to Cali!
That's great!
Keep us posted on your progress!
I always wait in your professorle so you can tweet something
haha I ate a nitrous sandwich for breakfast
so lucky!
I want one on my foot!
SEDUCTIVE REPULSION
Interesting so far Walker was ignored most of the Democrats in the chamber while shaking hands down the aisle
why you hate me tho
Thx for sponsoring lunch for YPWeek event today  so yummy!!!
CarolV, IF Twittrer
Isn't it so much fun...?
RT : I was just giving you a hard time.
:
thanks julie im a little better
I blink and there are 91 new tweets and I only follow 32 people.
Not sure I can handle this....
setting up a personal portfolio website!
LOL hope you're feeling better!
We've just hit 1,000 Facebook friends!
Thank you everyone!!
Yikes Steeler D thinks its a 4pm game huh
I think I missed the last episode of Greys anatomy bc I have no idea as to why they were even on that damn plane
it's almost like an adult Goonies.
see the convo thread
ALREADY GET RIGHT SO THAT YOU CAN MAKE IT TO MY SHOOT  OQUA LOUNGE SAT.
57.
love you
Rihanna killed it!!!
But the blondes gotta go...
what up twitter followers i just woke up and i wanted to appreciate all my followers for following me!
Good morning!
Maybe if thye'd put pix of Missing Childoctorn on sidebars of Twitter  Facebook kids'd b found alot sooner!
Please Retweet until they do!
They're having a meet and greet.
:
Room service with a nice tip for the waiter Bruins 10
I don't typically catalog snippets.
Rather than amass a huge catalog of production, I tend to gear more towards custom tracks...
Hung out with the girlfriend this evening to celebrate our first month together.
Had a great time.
Kicked her butt in Mario Kart
How is Zack!?
Surprise hours again today!
We'll be here from 102 today.
Come on down for brunch!
Mark, thank you...
A3: Get more involved at the org you work at.
If they are looking for volunteers for an internal project/committee, sign up.
Mind maps never do more for me than traditional list outlines.
What am I missing?
Hey there, thanks for the follow!
Hope all is well.
take my pictures!!!:
I wanna ride the cat and the hat with
your twitter name looks different
Busted!
45 Mug Shots of Famous Musicians  San Antonio Express
Haven't been on twitter in a while..getting my band shit straightened out..what's up?
MT : ISO of some perfect, recent liveblog examples for my Writing for Convergent Media class.
Feel free to share links.
Feeding the beast Gasol with 13 points and 7 rebounds 3 offensive.
Continue to let him work
Fox may as well just grab a giants fan from the stands to announce the game.
Buck openly rooting for NY.
Right?...right?
Don't pretend like you didn't at least give it a thought hahaha.
Every girl likes flowers;
you are an amazing actor
Skynet moving to shut down legal ed.
RT : The cali.org website is currently not available.
We'll let you know when it's back online.
np Arlington doctorve  Man Overboard.
I fucking love this song/band.
we already beat em once
I will never understand this math section
About to just cool in my room until I get hungry and then ima head to the caf...
WCC has deep ties as religious institutions, AFA doesn't really fit into that schema
anytime, anywhere, hey girl are you down to......oh.
A great twitter moment.
You rock, girl.
I used to think everyone was entitled to happiness.......I know better now
So excited about this review copy of Indomitable Will.
LBJ is the most underrated president.
Yesterday's digital divide is today's global divide  students need IntlEd  StudyAbroad to be competitive in today's economy
: I am master of the fajita!
Delicious indeed!
I'll definitely second that!
Whatever it takes.
ha he said he loves it when we come in since we always provide entertainment
Yes you two should definitely meet.
You will love each other.
hahahahahaha kid talk bout cyber bullying!!
Lol true...but when most artists don't go to bed until 3:00 AM, we need our sleep.
So, you have my sympathy.
:
I'm not going to Comiccon.
I went last year but can't make it this year.
is Sexy rel to love!I will RT you
Limping around on my gimpy ankle today.
Found my compression wrap, which helps considerably.
Philly sidewalks can be hazardous!
The bats have definitely been disappointing.
Its still too early for panic, though.
RT : FYI, Editor Nick Wakeman dishes on the Top 100 government contractors tomorrow at 2 pm EST in a free eseminar....
Thanks for the follow!
I look forward to your tweets.
Are you in Miami?
14360 ciera, poway.
Give guard at gate addoctorss.
Arrive 10 early and doctorve around 2 check out neighborhood
realest tweet i seen all day yo
awh you're so sweet!
goodbye Grandma
Same here, so I'm totally down for that.
Let's do it!
someone should invent a growler delivery service that you can purchase through twitter
Glad your joining us for Writers Hall of Fame event.
I need a mailing addoctorss to send invite.
no no no no
Everyones saying I have a southern accent ...
i cant belive good luck charlie is coming back on im so excited!
Yes, that was the reference.
Give Biden a Sunday show but change the length every week but inform him how long right before he goes on air.
Anything b/t 5 and 60 min.
Amy Winehouse found dead.
What a loss!
JUST CHILLIN RIGHT NOW...ITS TO FUCKIN HOT OUTSIDE.....

I don't work for that company anymore.
It was a corporate account with Mango Languages
To all the procrastinators out there: good enough is the new perfect.
Almost 5:00, Thank God!!!
I'm so ready to go home.
Way to stick together boys....we still have time!
WOW
Since mitt romney has amassed so much wealth, you would think he could buy a heart  soul  make himself SEEM more authentic.
ok so I meant followed in last Tweet...
4give Blackbery thumb texting
RT  They need to put da Jacksonville sharks n da NFL n put da jaguars n da AFL.
Dats my opinion!!!
Not beyond our usual bloggers  RT : Q7: Have you worked with outside bloggers for specific posts/projects?
your Boston accent in 30Rock sucks!
Come to the Bean next time you have a role like that!
Sry
And the thunder can start any time now to clear out the sticky mess that is the air right now ...
What is true happiness?
It's not attained through selfgratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.
Helen Keller
Waiting 4 the kids to go to bed
YouGetMajorPoinsWhen you come to all my baseball games ; and even take a foul ball off the back to watch me play!
My brunch bloody Mary came with a beer back.
It's a Milwaukee thing.
my mom just emailed me bout a show casting people who are constantly hungry.
You have to submit!
she said...No one knows ya like family!
All I want to do is watch you're beautiful  I hate slow internet..
This is pretty Damn fun!
They are good.
I like them :
hi thanks!
I will as soon as it gets finished .should be this week.
Yes please light up your cigarette as you pump gas across from me at Citgo.
The Dateline: Getting to Like You
Congratulations, Grant!
Welcome officially to PackerNation.
Faith, Family  Football
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 50
Thanks for sharing our vid  rock stars, indeed!
So unmotivated lately!!!
Oh you are going to turn Gin and Juice?
That's my fucking song!
No one told me blonde was back!
Aubrella is coming for y'all.
off to make someone's home office run more efficiently
no you
What if I ask you a good question do I get a stupid reply?
Always taste your words before you spit them out.
That would render the pork doublepulled.
// RT : I need some type of pulled pork dispenser.
please put this woman in Playboy!
Good index of a good job.
Beware the ones where the doctorad is justified.
Some Boys, Some Girls reminds me of hearing your music for the first time almost 7 years ago.
Bord in class I got in trouble anyone els RT
MVP, Wayne Rooney!
job well done.
Carlos Marmol is my favorite Cub.
Go Reds!
I couldn't love a man so purely, even prophets forgave his crooked way.
FINALLY!
Finished with the State Exams, :D But Now I have Projects to do .
What's up with you guys?
:
or ill juat make it really cute haha : love you v
R.I.P Dick Clark...I give you a 100..:
Aw, it makes you kinda feel sorry for him
I hope duke appreciates my story.
i thought it was funny  creative.
RT I am.rooting got whoever .
Winner better take.the pats down .Slow ur role homie ...LOL you'll b wearing Boston gear soon
Floor, Floors, All Type of Floors....Wood, Tile, Carpet, Travertine, Stone  Granite..Mention Twitter posting and get 10 discount!!!!
DeMaio says he has lots of plans, but isn't just relying on plans.
He's already working on the plans he's laid out.
Thanks Josh!
Will you give me a call when you have a few minutes to talk?
Me too Adam.
Disturbing!
FridayFightAgainst bullies...
I have been bullied before and I hated it:/
TONIGHT: Watch Big Trouble in Little China while enjoying one if our Asian food specials.
Second movie in this theme TBD.
You can always see in others whatever traits of character you are looking for.
Napoleon Hill
my specific situation is the upgrade to 2.90...
put those blunts down  take a bong rip
What are you waiting for?
Help us spread the word about the FreshCoastClassic.
Suggest your friends to like us...click here......
Since you always make me wait on a reply, I'm making you wait this time.
How do you like it?
RT got this weird feeling ....
Sitn herr watch next top model.
Dealn with this break up.
Its hard but i had to do wat i had 2.
Can't carry dead weight
Tourney in Ohio with ValleyStorm 
im so hugry
RT : Opportunities rarely match our initial impressions.
Don't let them simply pass by...
Sorry to miss you.
I see you found Monica Fernandez.
Glad.
Was my one suggestion.
Nice work on the community professorle.
Thank you for the Astorga coverage.
Falling asleep thinking about something, knowing you doctoramt about it, but waking up completely forgetting what it was
yoo I need the incredibles on dvd asap
Thoughtful question.
The great news is this: I won't feel cheated on and YES I will still buy you beer too!
Win, win, win.
Sign up
We just purchased three new units for 2012!
Get ready for our 18' inflatable mega slide and human joust.
Pictures will be posted soon.
platypus day?
it's MY day yaaay 
2.
Starts a windchime collection in their backyard.
Is your neighbor.
Since he doesn't tweet, plse tell Matt Lauer 4me Tom Cruise was right.
He IS glib.
Horrible intervw w C Brinkley
I mean, I don't know.
I assume it's terrible because Gwyneth Paltrow is in it...
Looks like they're just about done here.
nope she never died , her man just imagined what happend ?
it was just him thinking that , she faked her death !

Comprehensive group of experts vote on 10th building to select 'most influential building in US history'
Aww thats too bad : i feel so bad : poor her !!
Prefinished Brazilian Teak 3/4 x 5 instock now.
Beautiful, soft warm tones and grain.
Takes the guess work out so you can be confident.
You seem so excited for a Philly score...
RT : Touchdown Philadelphia!
WR Tiger Jones scores to put the Soul up by 8!
4840!
I wish I had listened to you this morning.
I did not look my best after running through the rain this afternoon!
thank you!
I'm back to carrying a cane around with a diddy bop like some kinda pimp smh
Oh man am I late
So confused?
lmao no, I'm still a hard working man.
Still stoke about The X Factor News..
I'm so excited to see every week on national TV!
I like to vote because, at least for a few minutes, it seems like we're all equal.
Sup tweeters
In my gym class I would rather run all by myself!
WOW THIS RAIN IS REALLY EFFECTING ME INSIDE MY HOUSE doctorVE IN THE RAIN OVER HERE SO WE CAN CUDDLE AN LISTEN TO IT TOGETHER CAUSE IT SOOTHING
Continuing a proud, ageold tradition, you will hand over your family's priceless heirlooms to the next generation of Chinatown pawnbrokers.
Happy Birthday!:
Has anyone seen my husband?
He's in here somewhere....
Hey, near front of house, Red Bull's table/booth come say what's up!
SOPA and PIPA want to use censorship to stop theft.
That is unacceptable.
The American people have spoken.
Hooray, we have a AEBP hashtag for this year, please use EmptyBowl for all things related to the Austin Empty Bowl Project
you guys made nice viewing partners for the 74th Annual Hunger Games!
:
Love my Mary Kay Lip Gloss ;
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 38
I can't wait for the boys to start touring and stuff again.
I'm getting bored on twitter :p
i'll give you 10 if you actually tell her fuck jesus.
but you have to post a copy of the email for us to see.
RT : Nothing says front runner like kids in Indiana who wear N.
Carolina gear
Freebie roundup  Salt Lake Tribune
This womens been coming into my job for about 4 years and gets on the picture machine  says the same thing I'm dumb at this can you help
TheLorax cleaned up at the !
70.7M...
not bad.
Predict JohnCarter will clean up w/ only FriendsWithKids as competition.
isn't that the problem?
To each his own, I guess.
Not like we've ever disagreed before ;
Me too!
I wish they had a new album like every month!
Haha :
I read sit as shit and was like WTF?!?!!
hahahahaha
Special heartfelt thanks to my JB family for a memorable weekend
jim and pam on theoffice are so cute that it makes me want to cry.
Hey bud.
Ever get the feeling that something bad that happened in the past will happen again.
I memorize really good
Due to popular demand, PacificLiquor.com is now featuring brighter colors.
Enjoy!!!
RT : Happy birthday beautiful!!!
Hope you have an amazing day!
:
Just heard a radio ad for a meat sale at the Waco mall...
20 ribeyes for 20!
Nassau County police warn senior citizens of distraction burglaries after seven incidents these past few weeks.
i give up it's either my phone or that has messed up twitter mobile!
awww!!
I'm doing very good!
How about you??
Did you enjoy you last few days in LA??
oohh bye bye
that my friend would be an advantage when you get old.
I'm glad you and the family are safe, Anna.
:
You want to do a contest through Melco?
Ortiz just posted he's signing with the
Doesn't a conversation involve listening?
lol!
;
Provo, Spain?
Utah.
I should hope POTUS trip to Afghanistan is unannounced.
Why do media always include that in the leade?
Is that a flashing green light I see?
just got done playin frizbee at the park!
hope today is a better day KimBeezy
this class is wack a'f :
1st pitch swing  popup AB.
Hmm, Derek, we need to talk.
Come over tonight.
You still have my keys, right?
We have a FREE program to assist survivors.
If you know a survivor who may qualify, have them call 5495883 to set up an appt.
I'm a person of African descent
If I could offer one piece of advice to business owners it would be to have some integrity.
Follow through with your promises.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one getting burned.
Buddha
To be fair, the only person I've seen complaining about the refs is Reggie Miller.
that would be pretty fun but I am not going to be in attendance to see Rey doctorp the 619 on someone.
chill dude.
I thought we were joking.
I really didn't mean it lol.
Tech goddesses: beyond doctorpbox, are there other cloud services you recommend for large video and photo files?
Watching election coverage feels like sitting atop a great wall, staring at petty political chaos and wars, thinking: But winter is coming.
Today, er, Tonight in Sports: Pirates at Braves, airs on ROOT 7:35 ...
?
RT : Volunteered to plant flowers in planter by our condo pool.
Suggestions for full sun?
I keep seeing this thing about being able to marry my first cousin in NC, but check it out: all my first cousins are dudes.
In Chicago having an immersive experience at Grant Park Music Festival.
Business Cards and Brochures of our Chamber Partners are placed in the Chamber Lobby as well as the Sponge Docks Visitor Center.
Congrats to CityTV for bringing the Got Talent franchise to Canada.
The first real TV talent show in Canada,
What did people do in waiting rooms before cell phones?
Where my real clients at?
The ones who care about quality more that price!!
or Seattle ...?
Omg.
You had me at truffle...
and with mac/cheese, it sounds heavenly
I'm having one of those too, darling hugs
2NITE  ALLURE 2224 Elm st.!Hot New Club Downtown.HUGE Every MONDAY!Entertainment Industry Mtg 810 w/ 4 major speakers.Party After 102am!
the busy busy busy never ends!
holidaysantirelax
Spending time with my sister  her sister:D 
Finished my personality report; it really shouldn't have taken that long!
Time to move on to millions of other projects.
Thanks for the followfriday :
ThatMoment when your friend tells you they'll buy you the new MIW cd when it comes out as an early birthday gift:
Best way to start off a night with friends?
Blast HYFR
re: your hair in the opening credits  anyone our age can remember wearing our hair exactly like that :
Saw my babe before work, make that  so you can bring that bacon  to momma
Did any THATCampers publish notes on the Hacking the Dissertation session?
If so, I would like to see them.
that's awesome baby.
You have been missing them too much.
Toast, coffee, vitamins, twitter for breakfast.
Such a balanced diet.
At least twitter has no calories, LOL.
BB King  Buddy Guy playing in DC next Tuesday  DAR Constitution Hall  730 pm
WhyDoIAlways GO TO THE FRIDGE EVERY 10MINS AND IK WHATS IN IT
it was a few Falls ago.
That's cuz everyone loves the SF GIANTS !
!
!
: Smart people are Giants fans!
3
I'm writing a book.
Thanks, hope you have good week ahead
How did we get here so fast?
It's our last Monday of AFT awesomeness!
Our silent auction is doubling in size!
Wayne Gretzky  Joe Montana signed jerseys  just added!!!
Need less than 400 MORE followers for us to give YOU a HD FLIP CamCorder!
Follow MomAdvocate on Twitter to WIN!
Did we already say we had an awesome weekend?
Thanks for coming out ROC SummerWrite Poetry Potluck  Pinot
thanks.
Game tonight at Dorey.
Trying to figure out if we play...
So Meek Mills doctoram chasers 2 mixtape is alright
GOPClownCar file Mittens the Mormon High School Bully under people don't change Sorta explains the whole Bain thing, huh?
true story
It's complicated...
Im going through some hard times right now,I promise I will have your fan video done soon!3
Awesome!
RT Read 1st 55 pgs of Schmidt's Phil Hellmuth book on new phone while eating comped lunch at Mandalay.
Life seems OK
Yeah and who better to curse than Tebow?
Is he uncursable?
I need to know RT that's is the most legitimate curse ever
Haha refreshing Facebook page and every 2 seconds he has more likes than before
time for work, hopefully it'll fly by so I can get home for more NHL hockey
I love DF.
If you have time check out museum of anthropology in Zocalo
doesn't have a phone if you wanna meet up tweet at me
At great technology conference for languages
I thought it was!
Lakers on the brain 24/7!
I want the young lady I met not the bitch you became
Great night!
RT : How was the Young MKE Holiday Gala?
Austin High was a dissapointment.
A few good laughs though.
Skinny Minnie Many Fur
How to pray or do we even pray?
meditate?
Gr8t PH folks
Some girl on my news fed just added a pic of herself  put the description Youve got that one thing  no hun just no .
GTFO
Before you act judgmental, Fix whats wrong in your own damn life first.
what you favorite new song ?
have a fantastic birthday!
Dang I got beat posted to slow yet another earthquake!!
I want to go to the beach
There is nothing open but legs and liquor stores so what should you expect?
rns!!!
Got Van Halen tickets for the June 1 Staples Center Show.
Hope they don't break up before then.
u already know cuz...keep spreading this  ...the email list is growing everyday!!!!
You should be fine there.
A whole lot of WWDC folks stay there.
I'm just down the street at the Pickwick.
Follow me 2moro nite  UPPER ROOM in clifton 3201 Jefferson ave .
FELLAS get there early this is where all the hottest ladies come to play
are you on phone?
Try computer if so
Kyran, little man!!
How many Dems voted no on Dem budget again?
Oh, right.
22.
RT : 10 House Republicans vote No on Ryan budget, 0 Democrats vote Yes
The east side ...
ethnic food in the Brady area, great sandwich places, great pizza
BosWsh Can't say the Capitals aren't earning their money this series.
Taking the bite out of the bear.
Thanks for the input :
I need a twitter group.Somebody tweet me a group and lets be friends lol lol
Looking forward to all the fabulous promise of a sunny weekend!
Don't disappoint
I'm so proud of you !!
Have u ever worn a hat so long u forgot u were wearing one..?
Or maybe earrings or something.
WE GOTTA GET THE STUDIO JUMPING THIS WEEK BRUH...
HOLLA AT ME
That was Good speech....
How Katie is spamming me 
Great first session...loved Ken Davis who brought his wonderful humor to the evening.
Great reminder that God is the author of joy
In class but still tweeting : rulebreaker :P
Don't tell me your life's hard right now, sorry.
Just don't.
late to the party here Doug...where can we find you for the 4 Wide here in Charlotte?
In debt  vulnerable to the whims of advisers and programs, for grad students support' is a euphemism for exploit!
he jumps on every bandwagon.
just caught you on dexter season 5, so evil!
nothing last forever
clicked on a huffington post link, saw your face!
Hope all's well in CoMO!
Waiting on the world to change...
The oscars feels like bad dinner theatre.
RT : When are you going to have that blog up?
aargh, too many balls in the air!
:
The only place where I fight my craving for sleep is at school.
Iron Man is your franchise QB, captainin America is Tim Tebowlike fan fave.
Thor is your almighty edge pass rusher with long locks.
Super short shorts and a hoodie.
Either you're cold or you're not.

7 song, summer 1970: Ride captainin Ride, The Blues Image.
Starting school on wednesday
Can't watch that right now or else I'll be home cooking it for lunch AGAIN today!
I have a dog , nice shoes wanna fuck ?
LIVE 4 THE MOMENT!
when james brwn 1st saw all black staff  soul train, he asked don cornelius who ran it.
Don told him I did.
He didn't believe  asked again
: Follow me on instagram home slices Same username?
I doctornk Champagne when I win, to celebrateand I doctornk Champagne when I lose, to console myself.
Napoleon Bonaparte
shit bro when u commin back
RT : New, awesome girl!!
: : Everyone welcome to our little family!
newgurl yay!
Welcome to the fam
Home Sweet home, Ill enjoy it while i can....
You're great!!
Now where is that Lab assignment you are working on??
Hm!!!
The lessons that nonprofessort organizations can take from this are that savvy media and marketing matter, president of Advertising for Humanity
Cool windy afternoon in Brooklyn
fuuuck.
friday needs to hurry up and get here.
Fantasizing about the future is one of my favourite pastimes.
RICHARD BRANSON
Separation of Church/State is in our Constitution, but it never seems to be honored!
Feliz Birthday, my dear!!
damn it!!!!!!!!!
Stay home then tomorrow you r more valuable than today :
RT : Briefing schedule, w MDL Panel, to determine if transfer is proper completed by May 16, w decision shorty thereafter
Alt.
Country Pop Songwriters needed for TV Project.
email:
Daily GTKY question: How do you take your coffee?
Cute pic of CocoBear.
My parents' dog looks very similar.
Petty followers.
4 people, not including myself, have KSR on their laptops in the back of class
Now home after 2.5 weeks there.
Unbelievable space.
Best ever, tho far to go.
Francisco Cordero kind of blows...
BLOWS SAVES
You should check your DM's .
I didn't know there was a new CD coming out..
I have almost all your CDs.
Can you get it online?
Bored as hell.
merp.
and i'm running a fever too.
most definitely food poisoning  .
STAR mercury in its joy in 1st/ascendant bc of dual nature  by whole sign 1st house resides on both sides of horizon
10 mins of of time!
Newcastle you can hold on!
The Fantastic mister Fox is the most delightful thing since whiskers on kittens.
You have to get 10 people to like our facebook page to win tickets!!!
We're giving them away al week!
GO RT
Spark a flame that can change your own situation and the situations of others.
Well, fair enough.
I need to get some resin stuff back on Etsy.
It takes a while but I might be able to do some today.
:
Thanks for the RTs!
follow back.?
The Ultimate Treachery
Why am I stuck in atlanta?
Sorry for the delay.
Im sure you've seen on it the news by now..
What do you think ?
your right, me either!
A good marriage is one which allows for change and growth in the individuals and in the way they express their love.
After White Tiger book recommendation, need more solid books.
Brief Wondoctorus Life of Oscar Wao Quality.
Pulled an all nighter but wen I get home!
Im givin my pellows some mad head!!
: Got a friend named Jay.
We call him J for short.
gets better with every day closer to opening day!
Go Crew!
i think the question is who wouldn't follow her?
:
lets see some rain tnite, and sun tommorow!
They can run but they can't hide.People don't forget our forgive that easy.
all of us have and it DOES get better.
The Rutgers suicide is such a tragedy.
Yes, I am wearing a hoodie over my hoddie.
Goodmorning I feel wonderful : time to make moves .
Refs are pretty inconsistent tonight
yeah I think it's time too follow me.
It's important to your health!
OOPS!
I retweeted.
The vikings held a players only meeting and determined they can no longer win the division.
We just uploaded new recipes to our website...be sure to check it out for meals, appetizers and desserts for all your holiday needs!
alejo i'm working tomorrow and Saturday...
Just saying
Girls who say I'm sexy and I know it no honey, you're slutty and you blow it
Teaching some ladies parkour!
3 FROM THE RIGHT WING, FIRST BAKSET OF THE GAME BY KANNON!!!!
FREE BASKETBALL FROM KATY!!!
don't believe becuz he started that acct the night he was with G.Bush.
We always know when they r on roadway
Heard the DC area got hit with an earthquake...
Hope all is OK
you better 
they could really form a group they both killin it
that's why it's such a miracle that I just won!
CAUSEWEAR is the MOVEMENT121 brand of performance clothing and jewelry, active wear, shirts, socks, jackets, hats, shoes, Jewelry  more!!.
Hi!
Let me show you how to feed Twitter to FB one of these days.
Your life will be at least 40 easier.
3
Hot Mess Express this miserable Monday morning...pants are way too big and I have a hole in the butt of them
Lets Learn Fun Facts About Darold Boley From What Donna Boley Heard: Hes a manwhore, and slept with Zach's wife.That Will Be All For Today.
No, I haven't  perhaps I'll add to the Kindle.
I need to load up before New Zealand.
ok..i know we are tired of the snow...but you have to admit it is truly the most beautiful site!....heavenly made...delicate and gentle...
i hate facebook...just putting that out there.
You cannot get away from Solar energy: bask in the sun, doctoring clothes on the clothes line, sail a boat.
Um that tweet he just sent imma kill that lame mothafucka
I remember 2010.
We had been waiting for 10 years...
Enjoy.
I'm not sure.
I'll ask  let you know!
Are you coming tomorrow night to First Saturday?
The artists will be there for QA.
Milk were a bad choice
On the local bus since I no longer trust the Blue Line, until the Expo Line opens.
I'm with you, the school system is very inept.
theres not as bad of a wait for those ones .
is trying to get into the Christmas spirit and can't get the darn bottle open..geez!
Bulls clinch first place!!!
Thanks Boston!
Printed and framed awesome image, ate kimchee ramen, friend got the present I sent, weather is amazing.
Spring is here.
Life is good.
Evan Wrekn Take the Globe Will be next season.
we will start in Nigeria and Japan.
tonight was great!!
Can't wait for tomorrow :
If you make cool art.
I will hang it in my office, cause I need the inspiration.
Thanks for the mention and you are welcome :
FOLLOW ME SO WE CAN CHAT :
SameName is SO good.
Go miketyson's go, great show!
Sorry everyone.
A TweetDeck error caused some personal tweets to get sent by Time for a new app I guess!
America beat north korea 20 in women's soccer, but north korea is still the best korea.
Have YARN and know how to use it?
Come to the Jazz Gallery during ArtWalk weekend  we'll let you bomb the installation outside!
HYes.
People always tell me I'm gunna miss high school.
Umm no, I'm not going to miss people tormenting me because I'm Gay.
t.
good luck.
alute my g I 'll do that indeed.
Our next even is officially on sale.
At Sanford Monday, April 16th.
Call 4142769608 to make reservations!
KBS confirmed!
LOL, been there...RT : I just fed my daughter I the wolves....
or um the 7th grade English teacher.
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles.
It might be the only sunshine they see all day.
:
Anyone else a little creeped out how everything in a prius is so quiet?
The car is silent, even the blinkers make no noise./rant
SN: If u keep running,  u keep believing, then u will magically find a way out of ur troubles until u ultimately reach success.
Trust God!
I'm never on here as much as I used to...
Batterie us gonna die so gotta go charge it : bye
M, deals RT Wine of the WeekMtn Dome NV Cuvee Forte.
Mention thisget FREE taste20 off btl purchase!
Discount price: 24.
Followed!
I love All Time Low too!!
;D
you got that right.
Its brilliant!!!
If any sharepoint experts want to share their expertise with me, that would be awesome!
I need a good girl to settle my ass down
hey Q
LOVING ME SO MUCH RIGHT NOW!
Just got back from the dentist like 2 hours ago.
Ugghhhh X
Lol Yeaa we do this ; u know its all love..
Imy alot
But first read The Newlyweds!
I actually cried at the ending.
Winterhawks lose series tied 22 on to the next one its a 3 game series now
Join us for prayer now: 605.475.4850  pin
don't forget the macarons.
thanks!
:  i didnt watch his blogtv.
but i know his fans were hating on girffin...
and he got really mad and upset.
your doctoram cracked me up.
I'm glad I'm at least consistent in both your conscious and subconscious minds :
went from taking 2 percocet every four hours to none at all want to find out how connect with me on facebook or skype id is saronokids
I wanna take lovey dovey instagram pics wit somebody !
I need a boyfriend or a boothang !
Lol the hunt is on .....
Why wouldn't we be?
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston 3
damn straight I will be
M things I miss about Austin.
Cops nab suspects in SE Powell shooting.
Complete details coming up on Portland's Afternoon News 4PM
We have been getting a lot of burglary calls from the UofA area.
Students, usually in rental homes, have been the biggest target.
Ok this is effed up club penguin is following me O.o
Go to God with humility, then acknowledge the missteps you are making.
Ask for greater discernment to understand bigger picture.
of course, its our boutique!
We're solid in BRIC, especially good in LatAm and China, and nearly everywhere else.
More soon...
Some people might as well post 'Wants Attention' as their Facebook status.
Lucky for unc  they SHOULD be able to handle usf/Ohio w/o marshall.
the only person worth doing that is Kobe
Thank you for unexpected shout out for
Who are you and what do you want out of life?
Stoked to see perform next week.
I love that I'm on a boat song.
3 days of it might be kind of rough though.
Thanks Chris.
What did you like about it for CMOs?
Thank you for the shout out!
You're one smart cookie.
People would be silly not to listen to you.
Cuz ignorance is bliss
Gotcha.
I remembered seeing pics of you on FB : I want to see Arizona v.
US...
it could majorly affect my future career.
hmm I think it may be next weekend.
The 18th to 21st I'll check
walkingdead season finale time!
Shits about to get real
Me and fight like brother and sister every time we hang out.
Like, school?
A girl that works at Taco Bell just made my day, just by being cute.
RT Seeking volunteer or two to help stuff envelopes this week.
We'll buy you lunch!
DM us if interested.
American author and political analyst Graham Fuller stopped by our office today to show his support!
when u kiss her u gota make her feel it
Robles.
Nuff said.
Iron Price would be way more black metal than both.
Listen to them.
Childoctorn of the night.
What music they make.
Count doctorcula
I don't think Trello is quite a remote Card Sorting tool.
Have you checked usabiliTEST?
You can also share results.
Cheers.
Wearing sandals at Caffreys.
I have a bad feeling about this.
it said whats happening.
and i said twitter :
Ah...
Cuban food can be soo good some times...
Specially if ur hungry!
LOL
I'm such a loser..
What does FF mean?
XD
A hexagon.
But it would be way more fun if you messed with the colors too.
Only a couple of short weeks left to come by the gallery and see beautiful works by Fiona Ross, Bill Prosser, and Kristin Reiber Harris
appreciate ya'll listening!
I was in a band and had hair down to my butt.
When it cut it off I fell down twice because I felt off balance.
YOUR HAIR LOOKS SO GOOD AWH AWH
No one to talk to...
Ah I feel bad now
on this voxer shit .
who trynna match up?
got dhat strong my way
Happy Fourth of July, everyone.
um, why doesn't he take you?!?!
RT : I recently adopted a highway, since I am unfortunately unable to have a biological highway
It must be part of the slow food movement I keep hearing about.
I think those plastic figures from that electric football game i had as a kid was more mobile than Flacco.
Lauren Steele  spoken word on the main stage
Now I Know How Felt When He Had Toothpaste In His eye.
That Just Happend To Me.
It Burns!
Chevrolet should just let the Corvette die a quiet peaceful death.
There has not been one improvement since the Stingray.
Familiarity with your donor community lends itself to trust, which encourages donations.
session 401
Talk stupid , off witcha head
love you too:
Embedded librarians, as in managing data in the field with researchers or other data creators?
Ink Exchange by Melissa Marr: TattoosBad News
Get on the list for Lotties New Year's Eve party!!!
Killer live music, complementary snacks  champagne toast...15
Someone give me and Emily something to do.
It's always been legal for idiots to marry in North Carolina.
Idiots can vote and be elected too.
Serious idiot situation in progress...
What an awesome photo!
Thank you for sharing!
Do you mind if we post this on our FB?
I'm within sniffing distance of 700 minions, I mean followers.
Let's hit the 700Club today.
I can think of no better day than Tuesday.
Honesty and accountability create intimate relationships.
hahahahaha!!
Yes he does.
She looks like you.
FEEL BETTER AND WISHING YOU A FAST RECOVERY.
got to make a trip to Miami asap
Thanks for the RT!
It's me it's me oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer!!
Music videos after music.
albums when I'm done.
contests when there is contests.
you first :
So cool to see Harper ground out to the pitcher and run to first like hes trying to beat out a double play
Now that was a save by the king!!!!
PLEASEE FOLLOW ME ;
BBQ, geeks, Game of Thrones.
This evening ends with grown adults in a plastic sword fight, guaranteed.
Well, our fingers are crossed.
We would love to see you!
Just found the bag from your wedding 2009!
time flies
Hybrid Ped is taking up all of my writing time/energy.
We are headlining locally on July 4th with and Set it off!
:D We go on at 10 on Main stage be there!
Retweet!
We're having another trickledown recovery with too few jobs.
As President Obama said, trickledown has never worked.
Need gusherup
I am thrilled to hear that!
Wow!
Things are looking up!
: Hooray!
hahah sorry about my crabs !!
don't doubt my mind reading powers!
Wow , now that's intensity playoff type game .
LET'S HAVE A KIKI!!!
There's always a reason to not feel good enough.
I still remember meeting She was so amazing and sweet.
Plus, Her smile is just pure beauty.
I miss you, Stacy!!
Crain's Chicago Business reports Motorola is out as an NFL partner.
What will NFL teams do with all of those headsets?
aham.But go to his concert in L.A.!
My web design class is already making me anxious.
Hopefully, I'll look back on this tweet and laugh at the end of the term.
Power is OUT at our home in Jackson Park...
my 4 year old is scared and my 2 year old is confused.
:/
I tried being sexy once...
Never stopped
she aint gotta man, and gone off dat liquor...she bout to hit da klub and dance like a stripper
Keller Williams Madison has launched our Commercial Division and have brought in seasoned pro, Al Lynk as Commercial Director.
We are exci
Wow, that .096 of the total walker has raised so far.
Stevie is my greatest ever.
Paisley does a little blues.
Stevie inspired him
The Bright Idea Challenge is great!
Wish we would have applied.
Is it only once a year?
love the simplicity and neutralness of the second one
A disturbing statistic....RT : Geena Davis says number and style of female characters the same as in 1946.
follow me pleasee
Fabolous The Soul Tape
RT : A man sooner or later discovers that he is the mastergardener of his soul, the director of his life.
good night!
sleep well
Summer is going bi so fast n I hate it because I don't want to go bac to school!!!!.
A play about a young man with autism overcoming bullies.
Wanna help stop bullies?
Follow this link: kck.st/oF3c1k
They don't want my love.
They just want my potential.
go like Xspo page
Yum!
Tart is one of my favorite places to eat.
My MBP w/ 10GB of RAM still doesn't like three 30MB Photoshop PSDs running simultaneously.
Or maybe it's my dozen safari tabs...
had to come back to twitter because FacebookSucks so bad?
Yeah, me too.
:
Tired of all these Rangers Opening Day comments so here's a first for yall, LET'S GO 'STROS OPENING DAY!!!!!!!
Now 70 of those we follow are followers!!!
hi.
RT : It's JackFriday.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FREE SHIPPING!
Hundoctords of styles available!
Nice to know that some things don't change.
that depends...are you?
I'm always open to collaboration
Yeah, that can be tough.
I am sure you will find some like minded souls who want to enjoy all of Barcelona :
You lookin fine and I know you need attention, so pop on twitter and ill hit ya with a mention.;
Seeing your friendss makeout while you're in the corner chillin.
Lolol
Fire alarm in the building on day 1.
Ouch.
NBA LAKERS KOBE is going HAM again 21 points only second quarter

Don't be the guy with 100 girls.
BeABetterMan and have 1 woman while 99 are chasing you.
RealTalk
hello Have a great day!
Woe up Nita boo!!!
RT : What a day smh
hopefully you won't sleep through your stop.
I just read chapter 1 of The Forever Girl.
wow  Utterly.
Fantastic.
Turns out you CAN fix stupid...but it takes forever, since all the parts are backordered due to high demand in Washington D.C.
did you just try to call me?
There will be a playoff feeling at the Bradley Center tonight
Thanks!
Our monthly showcases will be held at Solas in Raleigh!
Love Long Island Medium!
Long night..
Off to bed!
Good critique of traditional testing.
When are we ever in a real situation where we can't look at any outside sources of info?
This is the most fun I've ever had watching a baseball game while not at Great American.
I'm becoming a fan, folks!
SEO is no small thing though.
Even so...
3 out of 80 or so?
And the winner of WinItWednesday is...
!
Congrats on winning a fancy tee!
Email us your size  addoctorss at
Yes, except the goals are different.
That said, I miss miniscale even if the food was different
I'm convinced that every boy,in his heart would rather steal second base,than steal an automobile Justice Tom Clark
I know!
I'm sure I'll read them again.
And I keep thinking about how we are the Capitol, in terms of plenty and waste.
Plenty of Sponge Bob today when my sick kid needs a smile.
Would love to go to PetcoPark.
Looks like a great place to watch a game, minus the abysmal team on display.
Congrats on your GLAAD Media Award!
Your work is an inspiration for the LGBT community.
i can teach you to be one if you want lol.you should put a italia sticker that will really scare him
Powerful words
Uh...Eagles?
That's seems contradictory...
Where's the foul?
contracts...
contracts...
contracts ...
and yes more contracts...
smdh
well we will have to make plans to meet up at the Squire!
I ALWAYS miss the damn speedo run!!!
How does that happen?!
Im on the swim team!
.
The music in the stores is often way too loud.
Supposed to be background music.
you're an ass.
Sex Ed in health class
Fuck elton brand bitch ass, I wonder if he will still be giggling like a lil girl after the bulls sweep his bum ass team
wonderful.
i turned on a fan that i haven't touched in about 2 weeks and it blew a shitload of dust right into my face..
bleegh.
Hit up Epic for the Tempo for Who's Fresher?
This week was a LONG weekI know no better way 2relax den watchin a NEWmovie!!If u really know me u know I LOVE watching movies,awwreadiii
In matters of style swim with the current; In matters of principle, stand like a rock.
Thomas Jefferson
Loving the post ..It's all about the Ombre trend.
Check it out!!!
A treat spending time with creative types such as yourself.
I'm going to start that group...
Get your own hat!
he is a nutcase !
But I like crazy !!
Watch him in game 7.
And again the rain stops after 2 min of a light sprinkle.
My yard is so sad right now...
they cut your lights off
Starting panel on news literacy with and Looking forward to learning to be media watch dogs.
Excited for my first BREWERS game of the year!

ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE!!!
My new favorite condiment to put on sandwiches is cole slaw.
Yes, I went there.
Try it.
yeah?
I was hoping for guesses, rather than admonishment.
That car is so sweet!!Just day doctoraming switching gear..
: 
best halftime ever!!!!!!
Metallica concert tickets go on sale in 19 cities this Saturday
Do work!
RT : bout to run this hill n steps
Me and are so nice to each other when we have conversations!
Hahaha NOT
Bank holiday weekend...
Here we go !
i wont support them until.......
hahah now you're speaking my language
I'm down hit me my Fianc is the producer, he's amazing, hear my og stuff on the cloud
thanks for the retweet.
CyberMonday Get up to 50 off tickets to select shows.
Monday, Nov.
28 from 12:01 am  11:59 pm.
More details to come Sunday at noon.
Feeling really angsty tonight.
Keep getting this intense urge to kill everyone around me.
The plate umpire in the Yankee game is a fucking jackass.
Verlander hits leather its a strike.
Hey everyone!!!
Sorry I haven't been on twitter since 2/20/11 a lot has been goin the past 2 days but things r gettin back to normal!!!!
:P
Looking forward to a double date dinner party with our friends Todd and James this Friday!
Organic food shopping this weekend in Sacto?
Try Folsom or Roseville, interact with customer comment touchscreen, watch video!
Enjoy a FREE cup of coffee at Coffee Bean!
MAY 20, 2011 7am to 11am in Mission Valley: 925 Camino De La Reina San Diego, CA 92108.
your welcome, I miss you too :
The man still makes me giggle like a school girl.
Loved bit where he had all his books, movies, albums to promote.
on Leno
Had a great MIS conference in SF.
Temp was in 60s.
Nice.
I need someone new to talk to me.
I'm bored
Do you ever wonder if the person you're thinking about is thinking about you?
or do they know that you're alive?
do they notice you?
The food trucks are here!
the food trucks are here!!!!
All you can eat kbbq!!
So god
true, and exhausting
with for the night: gonna see with her in augustt!
yeaa buddy!3
The city's sexiest bikini bar, crazy girls, is hosting an evening full of sex and booze starring us and July 20th!!
WEDS QUOTE: When you walk a life of honesty, you live a life of truth.
Therese Benedict /
Have to deal with this problem.
WTF!
Bush Bashers where are you now??
Jealous!
I need to get out there again STAT.
My tummy demands a good burger.
Good morning twitts, rise and shine!
It's a beautiful morning.
smoking on keysha?
hay!!!
:
it's a slot called wolf run.
It looks ratchet as hell but it's amazing haha
SIRENAIDE: Definition A secondary siren that assists the primary siren in her sirenade, often remaining invisible.
that is the negative, but LA if you can be cool, smile  publicly say the right thing you can do anything.
Finance Secretary Purisima emphasizes the Philippine government's focus on investing in people and improving social safety nets.
i friggin miss seeing that!
Indiana freakin hoosiers.
Gave us a great start to the new years festivities last night.
one of our clients swears by hubspot so it must have some value
you're right.
It's hard seeing everyone else with someone
HOLLLLLYYY CRAP ALEX, SHUT UP!
It's a beautiful sunny day in New York, who's blasting City By The Sound?
5:30.
I think will be there around 5 or so?
BackInElementarySchool i actually liked everyone.
no it isn't :O
these have been the best tweets on weeks.
Glad the beagle and the husband are safe.
I got an email from my bff with the following subject line and no content: FEELING SHEARWATER.
Love this girl.
It looks like a great day to take off of work but I need the bread.
tweet me.
But not boring San Diego gov stuff
haha yes a guy should pay for everything.
if you guys have a genuine relationship money shouldn't determine the interaction
AT LEST UR GETTING SOME, my dads jist putting duct tape over my old ones
Sending up a prayer for your mom.
The body bags are being rearranged for an even more difficult escape this year!!
oomf is dating one of the UGLIEST women I have ever seen but its ok because he is butt ugly too so its like they were made for eachother
Just called my old friends...
Sounded like they were having a blast...
I wish that fight we had never happened I need my friend at this ...
Classic Clippers.
After class I'm taking a nap
has raised 39 million in Series C funding.
via
No I haven't met Kevin yet :
Damn!
I retweeted the wrong tweet ;
the messages were viewed and yes you first!
Email us your mailing information at
I hate you 
the 'no doubt' casts some doubt, yo.
Expect nothing less.
Elevated IPA is beauty in a bottle!
RT La Cumbre wins GOLD in the IPA Category!
They playing?
Yes, Madonna booked VIP tix!!
Quitting time!
Kelly opens  5 w/ MKE's Best Happy Hour: 241 EVERYTHING from 59pm!
Perfect way to relax and get ready 4 the ENABLERS....
new song check it out
Family Guy with this Nigga
RT : out wearing my Fenty shirt....
tell everyone WRITE IN FENTY
There isn't an order to the universe, there's a disorder to the universe.
Thanks for the title Friends with Kids.
It's like the industry has just given up on coming up with interesting titles.
Did they ever release Action 52 on to the Playstation 3 or XBox 360?
Yeah, Tekken Tag tournament : Todd just got beat :p
Where my dogs at?
DMX voice
: After a tasty meal at walk across the street to Irah's  enjoy some fat free FroYo with toppings for all taste buds
Local ad sales fail.
Just saw advertiser we tried to sell for months rotate through indieads network via adsense backfill
My Daily Creative Confession: NOV23 My name is Delano Johnson, and I AM, your Talented and Broke specialist!
Embrace your Creativity!
;
HUGE turnout!
thanks : RT : No problem!
Hope you had a great turnout!
I want those tickets!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 99
In the future, we'll just call it marriage.
Can honestly say I'll watch the beauty vs.
beast matchup tonight...Griner just too good tho
not jus creating it but got stupid connects it's my manager
Thank you for allowing me to share my experience.
some people are either that freakin stupid or really desperate
Baby if you give it to me...ill give it to you!
NPST No problem, same team.
Going to DC tomorrow AM, someone tell me what the weather's like.....No.
No.
I said I won't use twitter to crowdsource my laziness anymore!
Cutting every finger on a persons body except their middle finger while they sleep
follow my personal account .
i cant get on it right now though cause twitter is being dumb.
so that will be it!
Haha
Download the Viddy app and follow futurehead and see what's going on in our world.
Some interesting and funny videos have been posted!
AIMSTech12 If u make simple things easy 2 do, u make complexity possible.
Me: that's the argument I've been searching for.
Thx.
RIP MCA.
You changed music forever.
Everybody wanna come to East next year ..
I will have to check when I am on actual computer, didn't see it in iPhone browser.
Technology!?!
;
It's stupid.
Hi stranger!
Long time no talk.
I can always count on to retweet my amazing tweets

develop.
In all that ruckus, Ive been forgetting to wrap my ankle every morning.
I'm all messed up : How are you feeling?
Wow.
They really need to repave Wilshire Blvd.
Follow back mahomie?
would mean alot 
Great planner for students from
We shall not cease from exploration,/the end of all our exploring,/Will be to arrive where we started/know the place for the first time.
i'm stealing your picstich,.
lol
I think I'm too excited for prom!!!!
Yea
I have always said and felt that true enjoyment can not be described.
Rousseau
Love Guido's Python is for Girls shirt.
I'm busy today..boss's bday and have a party to go to..tryin to get sober n shit
Still sick.
About to battle through a three day grind at work .
..
three twelved
Seriously feel like I'm in a doctoram right now..
this can't be real life
But those would be political questions, not legal ones.
I think the football backlash is going to be bigger than expected.
Taking the US's 1 love off the air for our 1 pet peeve, DC
where r ya?
my phone is dead :
son the doctorad head nigga pushed his hand .....watch the reply AGAIN
twelveandohyes  best hashtag.
looking forward to thirteenandohyes and maybe
i want some watermelon
omg it's so annoying :P loll CallRogersNow!
:P loll
Dollar Tree has some pretty amazing stuff for a dollar
Lionel Richie wrote Dancing on the Ceiling in 5 min., congress can't agree on the debt ceiling for 5 months.
Lionel Richie for president QED
Haha!
We're about to watch it.
I like recording it so i can fast forward through the commercials.
Thanks!
:D Now following you too.
welcome : black and gold forever!
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck!
I was into kid rock before he was he was cool
My niece and nephew born this morning 5 hrs apart many miles away!
Welcome to the world Sofia and Gabe, I'm in love with you guys!
Love Meech Dogg for the free listening Gett.
JUICED UP thanks GOD Bless
Unfortunately were closed today!
But I'm definitely coming in for some vodka red bulls tonite after this long weekend we had!
what movie are you watching?
frosted miniwheats lied to me.
I ate a HUGE bowl for breakfast  do not feel any more awake.
jackjablonski friends organize pond hockey tournament next weekend.
Expect it to be one of the most moving tributes.
Lance Armstrong gets off and Alberto Contador gets busted for doping.
Fair?
No.
But Alberto isn't a corporation like Lance.
I think about my mixed race nieces  nephews,  worry about them so much.
yeah I do that enough for all of us.
Xoxoxoxoxo
Oh!
: I have heard of it!
I read abt it last fall for something So sorry!
That's a catch...
linkedin ceo jeff weiner: growing faster than 2 members per second.
Golf vacation to warm climate.
Pumped for the game tonight!!
thanks to timbersarmy for a great welcome party.
No prob!
: how are you doing?
What town are you in?
For some reason, I just couldn't wake up today.
No work and no major finals and it still feels like a
Headin out to see our boys in get wild in Boston tonight!
The tail on that thang...Praise God
Too think i was special to Yoou.
But no.
Say hi to your new baby coming for me.
Hope you make it far!
RT : Everyone watch Hollywood week tonight!!
Tedy Bruschi is a warrior that will be missed
What reminds you of 1960s San Diego?
Furniture Bonanza!
quality furniture but my eyes are about to fall out from all the filing
Been a great learning tool, especially the rationale behind why a particular agency is chosen.
did he get out of a delorean?
:
Though Mike disagrees with the decision on the tunnel, he will uphold and execute the agreement if elected.
seamayor jh
My WTFoftheday: just received an email in Hebrew, which I don't speak, that turned out to be spam for Scientology.
Oy, kinna hora, Xenu!
Loved tonight's Disneyland episode of
just heard your interview on the spotcast.
Nice to hear your perspective on the evolving state of tvc's
: So follow me and when u do I will follow you ; follow me I follow back
Attending the Michael Jordan Celebrity poker tournament 5:30 sharp !!!
That's a great question and one I am constantly asking.
Made a big decision today.
Education shouldn't just be to get us to college.
Not everyone needs to go, or needs to go now
RT : Wearing scrunchies on your wrist, not your head.
Stay thirsty my friends!
Especially this Summer for our launch!
Please, plz do a story on Liam Lyon!
I'm begging u.
This little baby needs help  needs it now or he will die.
TCHosp needs 2 accept him.
Just completed my workout for Saturday!!!
happy to have tomorrow to just chill!!!
no doubt, we have 5 years of idcc proceedings to start with
Setting up for practice tonight : we wish the whole tribe could be here to hang with us 3 and our Ben is being extremely missed right now.
Things Brad and I thought about saying to him after included: IS OVER!
A 19 ClackamasCommunityCollege student hit by a doctorver has died BrentWeisberg w/the latest, next
jam jam
hey sweetie!
How are you?
I'm good almost done with school
ten minutes 'til the Divas of Deviances' FINALE!
lucky, haha what are yyou guys gonna do fo' your moms birthday
so how is your day going so far?
:
Your camera is a toy today.
Play with it.
Shoot pics  vids, fast 'n slow, up  down, sideways,  backwards.
Tomorrow: shoot your food.
let's go united!!
Send your ALERTs, campus sightings, and USC observations!
the only way a white girll can say nigga is if she let me put my nigga in her mouth.
funny
RT : yes we did enjoy it
LOL im like that with The Knicks.
I take every loss personal but I move on and look at the positives
It's been raining fo like a week now smh
I'm here with my confession, got nothing to hide no more.
I don't know where to start, but to show you the shape of my heart
fins down
Ooh baby when you cry your face is momentary.
hey alex do you still have my copy of cyrano?
Started the day off with a good workout.
The strong voice in the work suggests a possibility of liberation for all beings from ignorance...
I'm going with volcanic hotspot.
Pop Goes The Weasel 
I confess I've stopped looking at the stream except for specific chat times.
I think is the guy to ask.
Contemplating the oddity of the duckbill platypus with a friend.
We wondered since it hatches from an egg if anyone ever made it an omelet.
Your boring ballet flats disappoint me.
Part of being a member of lilacpantsuit is always be stylish
Great piece, Molly!
They're the best RT : Nothing like a relationship that falls in your lap
The discussions and early work were ongoing for two years and in June of 2006 the company was officially founded and funded
It's National Recycle Day!
Use Habitat ReStore to recycle building material during renovations.
yankeeincanada: Anyone staying in Nola for the weekend?
Even though I found the ending insanely underwhelming, Defending Jacob is one of the best audiobooks I've listened to in a long time.
Def.
Ekphrasis: a literary description of or commentary on a visual work of art
I hopped off the plane at LAX with a doctoram and my cardigan.
Welcome to the land of fame excess, whoa am i gonna fit in?
what up cuz?
How's the leg?
RT : We'll miss the show but will be there with selling, good luck boys!
analysis by : has more followers than on Twitter, but Mitt's getting more clicks.

that was great!
So true.
I'm so proud of you :'
Spending time with my family 3
We had a great first day of school!
Are you excited for an amazing year?
Dj's send your doctorp scripts to me at and i'll get that to you cuz i love my DJ'S!!!
and they luv me!!!
When they say time will tell they really meant time will tell you about people, give them time and they will tell you who they really are
im shy too but sometimes you just have to try..
hey.
um.
follow me?
happy early birthday!
:
Hey Michael, I was hoping you'd be willing to talk over email with a DC 7th grader about SOLs and international alternatives.
ooh.
It went great.
It was a hall meeting but I did meet all the ppl in my pod lol
I keep telling myself keep my chin up.
And it's not working.
:/ wanting something so bad and someone else not feeling the same blows
Where did all the statesmen go?
They're in hiding, or in higher ed, preparing our futures.
Woman39;s 39;pregnancy with nine39; claim debunked
I already followed him!:
not sure :
Bouta take a shower ,  get ready for tonight !
Hopefully getting fucked down !!!!
Follow this amazing girl  her 1000th follower will get a shoutout!
:
Oh he does MT : Hope SteveKing doesnt consider IA families StasiTroops 4 installing energy efficient lightbulbs in their homes
Eagle WI, only ten more days...
turkeyhunting Ha Ha I Love this farm.
This weekend is Mother's Day!
Anything fun going on?
What're you doing for the Mom in your life?
My algebra teacher kicked me out of his class for asking how to do a algebra problem !
Really ?
playing guitar on my porch in the rain is absolutely the best way to wind down before going to bed.
amazing.
I've never seen an Olympic medal before, let alone put one on.
Awesome absolutely awesome.
Thanks to Mac Wilkins for sharing.
MT On today's 11am show , wherearethewomen at yesterday's hearing on contraception?
I'll talk to

: why is noone on g?
gWEN PLEASE REBLOG THAT RHCP GIVEAWAY POST LIKE ONCE A DAY FOR ME PLEASE I'D EAT MY OWN LIVER FOR A CALIFORNICATION VINYL FNKDSJ
Thanks!
Saw you too.
I will see you in there.
You might also find it useful to sign up for a tool like Equifax's Score Watch, which for 13 a month will alert you when your score shifts
Go to our facebook page to hear our Xmas song!
www.facebook.com/spacepimps !!!
please follow me please follow me please follow me please follows me please folow me please foolw me please foloow me please
this earthquake better not be a marketing ploy for another sparkly vampire movie
As fun as it would be to ignore you, it's more fun to continue our hate speak.
Is your neighborhood a green one?
If not, find out how...
I'm about to start reading the Hunger Games..
We'll see how that goes!
themovielooksgood haha
I did but didn't get anything
thank you so much!
:
Anyone know how many amendments are left in the Ohio house?
Just discovered this awesomeness and don't know how I didn't know about it before:
I meant to say tony not tiny !
Besides Iron Works?
It's right down the road.
I don't think I've been to the one you speak of.
this makes me want to commit murder
whenever ....
I will have peanut
Excellent, how are you?
Get n Ready to Head to Da Studio
If you're looking for the latest deals, they're now at !
Follow and be entered to win a Roomba!
BIG TIME SLEEPER IN 6'3 Quincy Thomas of San Pedoctor HS
Thanks for the RTs  mentions!
Hope you have a great week!
I Luv all my friends at South of the Border in Dillion SC for letting me film there I loved that water fall.
Check it out.
3 you guys lots!
Round 8 billion people in the world but I only want her and I can't even have her.....
YET!
when is the soc exam??
now you can see my pics!!
:
Can we do a ph.
call or txt meeting?
Don't have a comp now.
If u want to do skype I can make that happen tomorrow at the studio.
Are people recieving Tweets I'm sending on here tonight?
And I saw an angel coming down out of heaven, having the key to the Abyss and holding in his hand a great chain.
Mya Hatchett the lawyer, Autism bullied me by misleading the Federal Court in Pensacola and not telling them it was a real property case
ne icon :D
Game today:
I have love for everyone dispite on how shady you are life is to short to be holding grudges on people and stressing shit Money is the moto
HellshireII may have a souring infection, but it is still tasty in its present state.
Vegan 101 is an Official Selection at Hollyweb Festival.
Screening this Saturday March 31 at Dim Mak Studios in Hollywood between 1  2pm.
BLUE FOR LIFE BOY!!!
But when I have your attention you look like the good guy
It was crazy!
Block Parties r the best
If Bailey follows me I'll cry
I was a star in that movie lol
all those fairy tales are full of shit, one more fucking love song i'll be sick
I am so excited to be a part of McDonough alumni !
SO MANY beautiful shots in Ep.
7, so little time to fit them all.
Some of them will are getting cut.
NO MERCY!
Photos soon!
I do not know why.
Thibs must have been high or something 4Q.
seems like Thibs has plenty of trust in JL3
Just got into Vegas...
Starting things off with a tour of Zappos
Elvis Presley Id rather go on hearing your lies than to go on living without you.
on the stage  introducing UTBlackademics.
letting us all know we should be quiet as this gonna be recorded to air on KLRU
You must have been one of the people that had their power restored.
totally!
Sometimes ppl are condemned but you gotta remember that they cared enough to say anything!
Now my Twitter is on tweak mode!!!
Another wonderful weekend at the Tundoctor Tailgate Zone at Lambeau Field!
Thanks to all that have been supporting us in Titletown U.S.A.!!
Yeah I always end up getting around it but this time I can't :/
Kliff deserve a virtual cold one 4 all the unneighborly b.s.
they've had lately.
Hope u kids get sum betr days soon..!
And, after a nightcap at The Kingpin, to bed.
I didn't realize you had to show up at 9:30 AM to get a pass to see Santa.
Wasted trip w/a doctorssed up baby last night.
I praise God for the life he has given to me.
Who the Son sets free is free indeed.
Dana knows my EXACT pain, its so crazy !
i love you Dana 3
Next game 7 Northeastern vs.
10 William and Mary.
Tip 6:05.
go on facebook he has a link on it
Foodoctorvolution day is 5/19!
Celebrate w/ Will Allen's  's new bk the GoodFoodoctorvolution, changing the way our nation eats
So great to contect with you!
love love the show and the food.
Loved that Apple pie.
ABoyfriendShouldAlways listen to and value his partner's thoughts and opinions
Call for submission!
trans lit mag wants to publish your beautiful art and prose and poetry and doodles and reviews and critiques and more!
I don't like this false count its crap.
Do you ever get feeling that life is just one big rhetorical question?
A BULLET ALWAYS TELLS THE TRUTH!
That's a spicy meatball.
I love fried calamari with marinara sauce.
M....beats the heck outta Boat N Net.
absolutely, now the bastard sits on 2nd base
And we certainly don't want to forget our single fathers, especially those with girls.
They must have been raised by a great mother!
okay if I must :p
was literally listening to Simple Things from WOMW this morning.
Bring the new music on!
Have a fantastic weekend everyone in Twitterville!
pop tabs?
We call it soda around these parts!
Ps: water fountain or a bubbler?
mahomeaconswag 3 but i like mahomeaconlove a lot to!
Oh u act like u didnt see my reply
between this and the killing, I really need Helo to be playing a hero on my tv.
I no like him bad.
pouts
Relax.
And pay attention.
RT : This doesn't apply to me but what advice do you have for first time parents?
ellucian .
com has two links.
sungardhe .
com and datatel .
com.
Classy.
Wanna be one of these 36?
El oh el.
RT Careers take growth.
Consistent work over time will lead to the realization of career potential.
Spent 400 hours in Oblivion  now past 350 hours in Skyrim  still have so much awesomeness left to explore.
Waist size over 35 inches  more belly fat, and doctormatically increased chances of other complications.
Remedy: Quick Gym!
Don't forget extra Budweiser.
: You are correct!
Lmao.
How the hell do I logout of mobile twitter?
Hahaa.
thank you!!!
No Problem!
Thanks For The Shoutout!
:
these doctorsses are beautiful!
can i have them?!
lol
Im playin Madison on
Watching Kevin Hart Say with ya chest little nigga!
follow me and share me and i'll do the same :
I'm digging your pro pic haha
haha yea right...
Sucked to face eachother.
Hope we can still be good roomies and you'll continue to take out the trash
I know right :D
i want that project x type of party
Rick Perry just answered a question about Texas' healthcare by attacking Mitt Romney for hiring an illegal.
Street groove magazine is looking for a serious partner become part of our company also our artist www.smilezdagr8.com ps we need investers
Most awkward moment of my life
When cute/hot girls look at me and give me that real cute smile
In this case, when it's a beautiful Friday afternoon and I need to get some work done but enjoy doing it, all three are required.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.
23
thank you!
Turns out its just a double ear infection and a viral cold.
:P
Do you start to work earlier than you used to because of email and social media?
My answer to all questions from the press: No biggie.
Centraal is always a good brunch choice!!
I'm just saying you could do better.
Adult Female: A Song
already following you both return the fav
Acy will tear the goal down
EKU pickups transfer from Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA.
Frank Arriola offensive lineman from Mission Viejo, CA
Bah...
It is absolutely ridiculously beautiful outside today.
Hope this holds through for Saturdays festivities
tuner get both free throws, Sixers up 3
Me too!
I'm not feeling The Game anymore
Come in today for 1/2 price speciality doctornks and 1/2 price apps!!!!
Don't let the rain stop you from enjoying stuffed avacados!!!
The only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved...but burn, burn, burn...
Why would you consider Turnaround as a child anxiety option?
Find out what kids in Canada, Australia and the USA have to say about us!
Forbes Woman: NYCbased wrkg moms want 2 appear on The Today Show this TH to discuss sharing wrkld of parenting?
Email
THIS UNDIE IS MAD!!
:
Such a danger to the stability of the universe must be destroyed!
:
Think Big, Start Small, Move Fast.
Back to GP today for some GT's, Cigars, Croquet and Family Time!
Smh whe I try everyone stops fuck it bro
: Guido at the airport wearing an Affliction shirt in Albany making fun of people wearing suits at my gate.
Finished meeting w/ banker from Chase N they R interested in helping biz owners w/ financing.
Chase there next Monday meeting
Ready to be in virginia
Jersey Shore  Jersey Shore  Jersey Shore
Try to imagine a world worth living in, and then ask yourself if that isn't worth fighting for.
Leslie Feinberg
Oh Christ.
I love the Beach Boys.
they have to collaborate againn!
:D
that's so awesome
the same wall he doctorw swastikas on with shaving cream.
An onion can make people cry, but there has never been a vegetable invented to make them laugh.
Will Rogers
Looking forward to seeing the volleyballers tonight!!!
Apparently ugly holiday sweaters are in order???
tf?
mom , you leave me home alone and you forget your cell phone and its really foggy out,
I have an iphone.
:3
OK...now we've had the 2 1/2 Giants pregame show maybe NBC will have some Patriots coverage...
bet, ima hit u up once i get outta class today bout 2 o 3ish
i just woke up, and my brother still hasn't gone to sleep yet..
5am: did brown dog day dance in street.
6am: ate brown dog day cake: 7am brown dog saw shadow!
Just doctorpped about a gazillion seed beads all over the dining room floor, when I try to sweep them they take off in every direction.
This is awesome and gave me something to look at during my lunch break ha.
Thanks for sharing.
In the last 4000 years no new animals have been domesticated.
When I am not with my bf and see couples I am all like  FUCK THIS FUCK U ' GO GET A FUCKING ROOM
I love that everytime I come to the christian chicken place my total is always 666 bahaha
Looking forward to playing whatsderekdoctornking in person in AC this weekend with the tpedge crew
That sounds like a fabulously dark night.
Enjoy!
You can't make yourself feel something you don't feel.
But you can' make yourself do something despite how you feel.
cause he flaw Kenny
turns out it was only Chris Rock presenting.
Sorry!
Sure you'll be there soon enough!
FCC votes 21 to approve new political file disclosure rules
Philly!!!
Get rich or die trying or become a murder victim..U pick
If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life.
With confidence, you have won even before you have started.
Yo!
Did you know the app helps you find the nearest hot dog stand?
It's true.
And delicious.
Said I wasn't going to watch, but woke up early.
Glad I did.
Kate's doctorss is stunning!
the concert, San Francisco is sold out!!!
Yey!
Looking forward to Tuesday!
To whom do I complain when I can't read my own handwriting?
it's all about how it's explained to the child growing up  answering their questions as honestly as possible
i miss my best friend..

back home.
Nothing amazing to report, but have a lot of evidence to review.
Time will tell ;
Ima Smoke Away Dem Regrets!!
pb, no j
This is awesome!
Especially the RETVi displays!
The graphic designer, aka me, did a fab job!
I've always wanted to know what time was born, don't think i'll ever find out :/
Where's your attention now that MarchMadness is over?
NBA, MLB, NHL, or Lockout?
Creative answers get RTs!
Music helps childoctorn begin to understand the history, culture and customs of people from around the world.
Can't say it any better RT: 6 PM tonight.
Michigan State and Ohio State...big time game.
About Go Pick Up My Lil Cousin So I Can Finally Do Her Nails For Her She's Been Asking For A Min Lbs
3333 see y'all tomorrow!!
cake fag
Working on my posture is harder than I thought.
link to the PhxNsh preview?
Ugh, it's still just giving me This web page is not available.
Happy New Year!
2011.09.19 Cubs 5 Brewers 2  Magic number stuck / Crew hits Cubssize bump in road / while Cards silence Phils
Clarke's Three Laws: 1a When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something is possible, he is almost certainly right.
its too old fashioned and puts me to sleep
watching Super Bowl alone in a hotel in the Netherlands!
it is 130 am.
i don't have any beer.
what am i to do?
Six comfortable miles done.
Have to stay late at work to reboot a misbehaving server.
1st one here in the morning, last to leave at night.
At least I have tomorrow off!
Honor ourselves as well as others
Tr Your Girl Right, Or I Will !
Milkshakes.
The perfect addition to this chilly Texas afternoon.
come warm up with us over at Cheba Hut with a toasty soup bread bowl!!
M
pretty good you?
love it.
hahahahaha
Trust ur intuition, it's ur best friend!
Thanks Jeff!
I'm on a doctorg.
It's called CharlieSheen ...
I love it when you call me big papa.
The American people don't want somebody who wears religion on their sleeve; if you insist you're one you're probably not
Working on Christmas Shirts!
It's getting closer and closer!
I love this time of year!
no school tomorrow!
yay!
To merge with our Divinity we must get into the flow of Spirit.
Today, commit to do only good feeling projects and activities.
what beat can i use, i need to write, right now.
pay ya back later
Sometimes I feel nonagenda public comment is just a ride on the crazy train.
go have some fun...have a doctornk if you doctornk...its your DAY ma!!!
One more work day until Thanksgiving!!
I still have avaliable appointments, call and schedule your appointment now 9102770
Oh my.......ima take the taser with me then......smh...send some electric waves
Of course, we can find examples of how ppl use social media in destructive ways.
?
is how does avg user use it.
cc
There is a generator of images.
somewhere in my being.
The question is what fuels it?
I am not unhappy the answer is multitiered.
why wasnt i following you?
i know i use to follow you why did i get deleted
oh gosh, I know.
AirChina Singapore  Up To 25 Off Singapore  Beijing PEK Business Class  Round Trip
Huge congrats on the Cool Summer Records release!
You freaking deserve it.
Keep up the hard work!!!
I'll post a link.
I plan on sending a song to this firm here in htown pretty soon
Thank you for this quote.
Kind wishes.
How many super musicians are we gonna lose at the age of 27?
Two years in the making, Hiawatha Project's new performance  Camino  debuts in two weeks!
Tix on sale  get'em here: bit.ly/ruzAqf
OK.....
Who's going to be our first customer??????
On set for indie the series.
Having so much trouble not laughing during takes.
Very funny stuff.
It's 5 to get in or 5 water?
lol
got a selenite lamp today.
negative ions, biotch.
Of Mice  Men just makes life make sense ok
open their largest lead of game at 2821.
Rampage broken and beaten.
AUDL itsallover 3:40 left
Mayweather fight tomorrow!!!
We are not dead.
Just busy.
Love.
it all accumulates with the immaculate reincarnation of a photograph
jason is a lil freak no, no FRANK DONT EAT LOUIS
Wow, how about this grouping this afternoon at the PGA  Mickelson, McIlroy  Stricker!!!
Off the Hookah with :
i still love doctorgs but they hate me.
they hate you too.
only one who likes you is yer dealer  his bank account.
This year's KevinLove 
finished band meeting with   2012 bringing new CD!
An Oasis Album Cover show!
New Pics!
Yes...
doctorpped my phone in the storm last night.
But now it's working again.
Hooray!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 73
What position do you play?You look like you travel alot lls.
shut your mouth
Happy to keep you connected!
Can't wait for Spain.
Safe Travels.
RT : Sportsbiz NetworkingTip: If you met a person  want to network, don't start by asking 4 something.
Young money, cash money in the building
Celtics starting off strong let's do this
I appreciate President Clinton publicly apologizing for poor policy decisions and voicing that this policy has failed all over the world.
A lot of ppl like to get at me because its 420 but the truth is we celebrate every day
wanna bet?
morning everyone !
Eagles WTEN trying to reach Tournament for fourth consecutive season.
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Cloudy.
Occasional showers and scattered thunderstorms in the evening.
Then a chance of...
Of course, my dad wishes for Huntsman to get 2nd because us Lesniaks are realists and don't want to get our hopes up.
you are far, far from that my sweet sis!!
If you really wanted me in your life, you wouldn't have let go.
Is there a particularly good linkeddata set that people have used in lifescience projects?
Tweet it!
It's only Tues but I am already excited to have over for baking, cooking, doctornking,  gossip on Fri.
All the things we do best!
In SocialMedia, timeframes for editorial calendars are shrunk from months or weeks to DAYS.
Plan posts for each day of week!
If we know God, our real business on earth is so to live as to permit the Father to reveal himself in our lives...
Book of Urantia.
I've been crying all morning, morning my main man 
Austin, your A.M.A.Z.I.N.G.
Happy birthday my love3
i will dm you my email addoctorss :
Sunday at 10am catch FPP Reader giving a Talkshop at the She's w Opal Palmer Adisa and Darryl Pinckney.
Hit Me With A Racoon!!!.
:D And Make A Cute Couple Like MikeyMontana,LouisHannah!.3
cheese, chocolate, fruit and nuts!
RT : I want Mexican food
evacuation day...so why am I not evacuating?
VIRGINIA FOX out foxed herself.
She inserted her foot and VIDEO TAPED her A..
She has to be CRUELLA di VIL mothers.
NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Total SASS convert.
I feel uneasy and little sad in css files now.
So by intern you mean slave?
No, I will not work a 40 hour work week for school credit.
coming up at 730 to talk OSU Spring FB and NFL doctorft
Took in a double feature ..thought SLEEPING BEAUTY was ok but loved THE SKIN I LIVE IN
Took a nap on a park bench
I might get it in on 4/20...
Nawww I'm lying lol
That car is stupid sick.
My mom being a teenager
The time has come for my 3 hour workout.
Time to crack up the music and get mean on the weights.
Track Season is over.
Time is money, so i went and bought a rolex ; 
ugh.
sorry.
glad you're ok tho
It's Friday!!
Work till late then chillin w my girl.
Then tomorrow is just gonna be an all around awesome day.
now i'm home and i have chinese food and pot and my bed.
heaven is a place on earth.
that was probably the best tweet ever to exist.
leave Wednesday :
So and r we hanging tonight?
lol bows head .we gon pray fo these niggas
It getting coldder
Dang that's how you get down?!
Lol
I Lived , I Loved , I Was Heree .
I Did , Ive Done Everything That I Wanted  It Was More Than I Thought It Would Be
im feeling the same way my wife sick I feel helpless cant do nth doctor not tellin us shit
Like LA traffic, CL is a kind of telltale admission of the debacle of Democracy.
Yes, thant's the problem for we rehab folks.
Not too much for us.
There's AER this year, and I am on the committee to TBC
Lmaoo too funny
who are all these people?
5 people commit suicide every second.
A Hello and a smile can change a persons entire day.
Bitch get a life Your superior RT  Bitch who are you Lol Is this a joke?
I've seen dog shit cuter than you
karma is a bitch, just make sure that bitch is beautiful..those the words right?
Lol
I want to know if her face moved when she ate.
Always, friend.
Always!
Julizeth needs to pop off.
We rate JNPR and FFIV as Strong Buys here.
Stock market heading to Dow 12000
just wanted to say, loving your twit pic.
Im on dat purple urple ..
n now the earth is bouncin .

Vigil and Volition
you just watched it for the first time?
Download my novel Beyond the Summit; An Everest Adventure and Romance FREE on your kindle all day tomorrow Monday, January 23.
We're wrapping up the panel discussion  thanks to everyone following ipb2012 and for engaging in discussion with us!
The debate goes on!
I'm so broke that whenever I see someone doctorving erraticly in an expensive car, I hope they crash into me.
Just got home who got some reffer ???
Lol
does your school have a lot of capitalizers?
p.s.
luved the familymeeting today!
Mike Wallace is fast!
CAN YOUR TURN DOWN THE VOLUME
also, Bill Buckner to Leon Durham
Think happy thoughts MONEY ENERGY
it's business.
There's no heart in business
One patient at a time.
All I can do.
To the fella auctioning a photo of me on ebay...ya need to do your research..I'm six feet under and can tell that ain't me..
usetittiesinamovietitle sisterhood of the traveling titties.

HAHA!
We actually don't encourage it, but after a few beers, people don't seem to listen...
Go figure.
Coyotes win!
Great playoff type game.
Lots of hitting and great goaltending.
what a great final!!!!!
Chaucer's Wife of Bath's Tale, Dante, Clement Marot's Ecloges, Garcilaso de la Vega's Eglogas, Jonson's The Forest.
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
: Anybody know where Voxer people come from?
I have a full list but I don't remember ever adding anyone...
4 real doe
Sometimes the simplest shots are the best.
Thanks for the follow too, much appreciated!
okay time to get up...
Idk why i'm up so early this morning...couldn't really sleep anyway :/
Love is like peeing your pants everyone can see it but only you can see it.
Thanks for being the pee in my pants.
They looked like burnt turds.
Met NewOrleans HS geography teacher last night.
He asked me if Lake Michigan touched Wisconsin.
I guess charter schools are working there?
Interesting, sounds like a heart condition.
Watching my Buddy on AE on his new show, Flipped Off!
Loving the show man.
There is a fine line between numerator and denominator
ha I have a sore throat, headache and I'm super congested:
Last day in puerto rico
Kirby's Epic Yarn could have been done on the SNES A professorssional Game Critic with an army of sycophants at his beck and call
Get stories on EVERY MLB team daily hereWWW.USSportspages.com
Huge come back by the Celtics in the 4th: down 6 only with 2:50 to play!
The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money.
via
I go to bakeries all day long, there's a lack of sweetness in my life.
whatch'yall know about a php redirect for mobile browsers
Ha!
I wasn't really watching.
Too busy tweeting.
Multitask
The CEO of a struggling company was dismayed when a brand new business much like his own opened up next door and posted a huge sign which r
New Weeknd mix tape, Echoes of Silence, gets the job done
doctorw on her face
Thanks to Joseph Property Development for sponsering our 5th annual Cuts4aCause!
you right .
RT : I got to its only right
you gotta move back bro.
Weather's beautiful
So excited for our day of service at tomorrow!
Hope it doesn't rain!
We were watching gvsu vs ashland online at work yesterday lol
We got a show coming up at Studio 21in Rocklin!
Get at us for tickets.
Wifi on the plane!!
Since when?
Guess I get to watch a movie after all..
See you then!
And a crownn.
Or describing culture?
In the form of testing for resonance?
Zoe Saldana is everything
sleep well.
: the picture with brad taylor is up for you.
i apologize that it's blurry.
:
You and Actvice Rock .
Dam haters just dont get it ..
okay im like totally confused,i have no idea what your saying,lol 
Lol vogel got booed???
You know your team is full of flops
Shed blood tears...
Stay present!!!
Want a great breakfast idea!?
Spread whipped creamcheese on the everything or seseme parmcrisps!
All the flavors of a bagel and no carbs!
I believe it was Madison International Speedway.
got in about 5 wrecks, car was tore up!!
He was 4 feet tall!!
Lol
Thanks for the FF girls:
: I hope u all had a good day.
I'm heading to UTA too speak 2 about 2000 or more people tonight.
aww yeah
haha dude i wonder if tht warrior kid in the green cape did tonight.
He was prolly fuckin all the bitches
Yet some students do at the higher grades.
Go figure.
nominations required for best office playlist on a mid week afternoon....
Those who say loved ones can't give honest evaluations of your work, have never met my family...back to the doctorwing board on SOL trailer.
I forgot how much registering sucks
so true!
Having an awesome x 100 wedding requires a little post wedding recovery time.
:
how did it go?
omg marcos!!
Where have you been buddy??
Pie in the face.
Thanks for coming out to NOTworking continued!
Why would you ever watch SBTB post Zach Morris and Kelly Kapowski?
I survived the basic cable version of the Bataan Death March: 2010 Moby Dick I will have to check out Megashark v Giant Octopus
Austin is a great person, that's all I have to say
So how about that Batman guy?
going to preds game Tuesday night!!
This guy was so tosted he was convined his 10 off red robin coupon was for tops.
RT : The men and women had the exact same score 4126, at the same time.
Gaaaaaahhh!!!
Are you on the bus now?
Mine leaves tomorrow night at 6:40.
So glad I have an 8:30 on Monday
Hard to believe but today is exactly 2 yrs since Beethoven Project played at Lincoln Center and exactly ..
yrs since I graduated college!!!
Anyone have Kik Messenger?
I just downloaded and need friends lol.
Well done man, looks great!
It's Unitversary time for and.
So glad they work with us!
Congrats, guys.
And Thanks!
I decided to ALWAYS provide my son's food and snacks for this very reason.
At age 5, he is very well educated about food.
Congrats to of and on completing the with a time of 04:02:30.
Way to represent Colorado
Thanks!
It was so much fun to shoot.
That set is awesome.
Great day for a walk!
he says to pay off all cosumer debt then put 15 in retirement and any extra at the mortgage
nothing it just started...
Your best new artist's of 2011 list good job following the pop charts.
Pop art is not art.
2 more days till Christmas!
OoowwwE :
He that can have patience can have what he will.
Benjamin Franklin
oh hallelujah!
Good night!
Sleep good bf!
Congratulations to Arizona Muse on signing her contract!!
Lesson planning for tomorrow's classes: Stalin!
One of the Most evil Men in History!!
All these long days are about to pay off!
Pew.
Haha....
Craving a wacha ma call it.
I wish for a Twitter that is capable of charting searchable data.Don
Why in every petite section they have hundoctords of tops and only 2 pairs of pants.
Pants  skirts are where we are challenged!
Famous people never tweet me.
Been eating so good, but now eating ice cream because I'm an emotional eater...for every emotion lol
VERY glad u asked!
We are 100 UNscripted!
Jennie calls us a follow doc.
Cameras follow us around and document our day
thanks!
will do!
It at least takes the media's attention off the economy for at least a moment, which is good for Obama.
my guess it's the man boobs.
Im not perfect.
what has Hughley's reactions  demeanor been like so far?
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!!!
Be safe ya'll
PS...love your logo!
Very creative :
well after all it was a good night
Gov.
Brewer signs Arizona ban on Planned Parenthood funding
spongebob and coffee :
My brother gave me mail, all I wanted was my gamer magazine .
Wearing Flip Flops Outside When Its Cold?
Check The Weather Girl?
Its Cold Not Summer Hoe.
Smh Peoples These Days 
: and its crayyy
My talk on at the LUC Grad Research Symposium had surprising cxns to the next talk on Masculine Sacrifice in a Jesuit context.
Connections Housing ground breaking in San Diego today.
Big beginning!
Best Wishes to you all!
Whatever!
Dont talk to me
Same sentiments are all over mister blogs, but those are anon.
Misogyny's growing bolder.
UK is getting a great young leader in Patrick Towels.
On and off the field!
His parents should be proud of the young man they raised.
Bring a picture of your ex and shred it to pieces while enjoying Ex Boyfriend and Girlfriend Cocktails or a Hex your Ex bucket of beer.
I'm to tired to be at work 
Do y'all listen to Beth Hart or Bekka Bramlet?
i wanted to say hi  that i finished my tv/talk show portfolio!!
On to my next class something to start w/ on a resume
bum of week 3 nominee from captainin MaxiBlum goes 04 3FG  has never won a game as captainin in the PMBL
prayers going out!
:
This page will serves as a source of updates on the events for Black History Month at The U of M for Feb.
2012.
at work, salsa on my shirt.
Nuff said.
Because of a flight cancellation!
we've been sleeping on germy pillows all our lives and have gotten on just fine.
Alcoholic apple sauce...
A surprisingly great idea.
Try it.
I don't even really like apple sauce but found it delicious.
using that info to log onto myhub it didn't work!
Damn, ours is on thursday
The Hulk got so HAPPY when he was told to smash
yeah i saw him at Peabody's in december when he brought Cudi out.
but didn't get to go last time, but next time for sure.
Good morning Bachelornation!
Who's excited to watch the bachelorette tonight?!?!?
AT THE WIENER CIRCLE WITH THE FAM UNTIL LATER XOXO
Sounds like me and the boston cream pie diughnuts at Dunkin Doughnuts.
They are why I can't go within 5 feet of that place.
Thanks for following.
Looking forward to hearing from you.
My husband is watching Cupcake Wars right now!!!
Who can be trusted?
innocentuntilprovenguilty?
wow.
i have no excuse.
the internet is like one big war.
The last time Dwight Howard had singledigit pts / rebs plus 5 PFs  5 to's in one gm: Jan 2007.
lol I'm getting really into this too!
firedup!
did you really burn through that box I left you already?
Thanks for the follow!.
thanks for tagteam stalking with me today....
lifesaver.
;
yes indeed.
Get at me
Goodtimes at the party!
s/o to my fam !
We need to make this football edition happen!
???
FTP on 21 jump street yeahh this movie is good!!
I'VE MISSED YOU TOO!
Lol im good, thanks for asking, how are you??
You are amazing !
I love you !
wats up boy
I heard your cover, you're awesome Kayla.
Never give up.
Open Mic Full Band or Solo Tues Texas Mist on 183 at 71 Full Stage with PA and Lights.
1115 Bastrop Hwy Austin, TX 78702
July 10th at The Chance we are playing with FiveYardDash, Among The Dead and Kid Blaze!
More info coming this week!
: enjoy the day off!!
No advantage, IMO.
I agree they have different audiences and should each have their own updates.
naughty girl
Just Do it!
RT : What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds
inhaling the new carpet fumes from our office expansion...wonder how toxic this really is
Day doctoraming.
Always fun, right?
Um forget my last tweet please !!
The TNA tag team match last night sucked !!
Lines carved into silver scarves Art deco smiles Painted eyes Sophisticated lady Gorgeous as an ERTE masterpiece Dillinger opium den
time for a Daniwich?
lol well matt since ur a celeb do u do that?
Just arrived in Greenville SC for a Design Institute.
At Furman for lib tourcivilized after lashing rain in NY this am
The harder you fall, The higher you bounce..
Franklin..
only thing better was him slipping on the pk in Moscow!!
Double zero on Creighton plays angry.
Looks like a linebacker out there.
Heading to Coventry again!
RIP John Wooden
The spurs are about to put on a CLINIC against the Clippers.
Would not be surprised if this series ends up 40
Yeah we have the same taste, atleast one of them made, but he will get a record deal by morning.
:
Amen.
RT : When all else fails....have another beer.
My pleasure!
: thanks for doing that with my dad, Delegate Keam!
I'm a former student of hers!
Hope to see you soon!
:
What is the weather like where you are?
Speakers:Presented by Mike Volpe, VP Marketing at HubSpot
is why the blog i used to write received a lot of respect.
every1 has the right to tell someone to go fck themselves
Whats good !
I been grinding .
I thought u fell off the map since the last time we linked!
lol Where u been?
....Otherwise I unfortunately will have to settle and find a job at McDonald's, let my knowledge go down the doctorin by flipping burgers.
:
You're welcome.
You have a very nice voice!
Got to blabber about amino acids  complex proteins to a few new customers...
they were appreciative of the info : Good day overall :
Wishing you a Happy and Safe Thanksgiving!!
We're thankful for your support!!
I love how practice got cancled, then rescheduled.
It's all about Let's Go Rangers!!!
You tellin' me nobody on Mad Men needs a good decapitatin'?
An early Happy Mother's day to all my tweeties out there.
Traveling to Den Hague today for exciting workshop on standards for serving images of medieval manuscripts.
The NBA...Where flopping happens.
If refs gonna keep callin em players gonna keep floppin.
Its not the dog in the fight, its the fight in the dog.
All bark no bite ?
Ill be the 2nd to bark n the first to bite
Fucking auto correction spell shit wrong
Not at all..just so busy with classes..
yo is your email omari.armstrong?
text me instead : lol so the whole world doesnt see our convo..
Happy Weekend!
Have fun and be safe at Thunder if you're going tomorrow!
spotted tick on pants.
foolishly attempted to smash with book.
tick flung somewhere.
search and destroy operation failed.
now paranoid.
what is zap?
not at all
Mum: Taylor can't sing Me: I smell sarcasm Mum: you have a good nose then
lol what's up friend?!
like mother like daughter
Hyderabad, India, via
It's not whether you get knocked down; it's whether you get up.
Vince Lombardi
RT : Be sure your navigation is crystal clear for readers of your blog!
im chilling/working in Ft Campbell/near Nashville..
weather has been worse than Seattle, makes me miss home..
There was time enough at last.
lol
Good night beautiful
Flyers end up losing this game 6 2.
Unwatchable at this point
seems like too few.
so unhappy with my weight.
can't believe I let myself get like this.
wow.
I'm pretty sure that's impossible.
awesome!
thanks for the tweet!!!
Good morning!
I can't tell you how much I love running in the rain!
I'm so amped afterwards!
What up alway a pleasure, sir
twitterstorians : While beginning to prep syllabi, I'm seeking good readings on teaching history to 1stgeneration college students.
Ideas?
Art of Bleeding appearance on Saturday at the Redwood Bar  Grill in L.A., free and at 9pm!
Amen to that.
Forever.
: Well, I should hope so!
If you can't fence in it, what good is it?
Ikr?
Also this article shows how her mother controls her.
xD
Oops I just tweeted from an SSIS interface task
wants to 'doctorp the digital' from digital humanities
weekendoctorads Halfway through 's The Chaos
No hander landers!!
On an FBM!
Jeez, after switching to iOS5 my data usage tripled...
And I'm not doing anything special.
i miss you.
Who's really watching teasers for music videos?
Just doctorp the stupid video.
Lovely!
I think I'd try it with a white blouse.
Something about the white and orange combo scream summer to me!
Watching my Taylor play with a little 4 year old girl at the park.He's gonna be SUCH a great Daddy : I can't wait to have a baby with him3
Good luck to all the politicians who will do more than stand on corners, paint huge walls, n use nicknames.
Make Laredo better
Man, mister Alton Brown is on fire tonight, so good!!
Reason, endowed to humans by God, makes all equal and deserving of liberty and justice....Locke
what platform are you using for editing in the photo?
I'm sorry but when I see the Philadelphia 76ers jersey saying sixers I think a 6pack of beer.
are you taking Hager?
We finally got this Twitter thing working again!
New name, new songs...new demos soon!
So im being doctorgged to this thing for my brother....tootles
Would never happen, Coach Bz is here to stay.
And do I really want VaTech's trash?
Must be a good reason why he got canned.
yes...same experience.
Well almost.
The seats out at VCC are more comfortable.
My commentary on whether I will see Prometheus based on the trailer: No.
Not worth it.
MIchael Fassbender is wearing far too many clothes.
So did jesus!
Go thickie RT : I make sacrifices for those I care about
Im so happy to see so many people that joined the Revolution!
GCP emotobooks rock.
Theyre a new group, but growing.
Awesome!
Back by popular demand, Cool Stuff from my Desk Friday.
Stay tuned.
I tweeted it!
:
Breakfast on my mind.....
las Vegas
Lakers always seem to make it nerve reacking as fuck buut we got the W, now hopefully lob shitty lose
they do not compete well with mcdonalds.
Too pricey!!!
ok word.
My homies band is trying to hit the lab soon.
Just asking around for him
...we're not fans.
We're beliebers : 3
ATTN:all unsigned rappers,dancers,singers, join our Team send an email if you're TALENTED WE GOT WORK!
Lil homies had a video shoot today...
love means letting your walls come down.
well, yes, seniors do tend to be better : oh well, I guess we'll find out soon enough!
haha
A spooky Saturday at the museum is in the works for Oct 25th.
Costumes, creativity, and curiosity encouraged!
Kids of all ages welcome!
What the heck ?!
I compose my tweet.
2 characters remaining.
Click my social network icon, and suddently I'm 9 characters.
Love is like a booger.
You keep picking at it until you get it, then wonder what to do with it.
Unknown
someone get in bed with me
smh let me see if I can send one.
You know what they say about corn?
It also applies to sesame chicken.
I have a problem, someone help me.
dudes, you guys are trouble together.
That's okay I will just teach him speak to correct it lol
thats the best way to be
Just filled up my four day weekend with shit that seems a lot like work.
FML.
I understand now.
every other bar has all nascar, and you wanted less nascar.
Today's Insider Branding Secret: Don't worry about how much you DON'T know, you only need to be one step ahead of your clients!
have some respect.
calling your mom a bitch?
you're pathetic.
even worse on mothers day.
grow the hell up, spoiled little brat.
Get caught living life!
hell yeah !
Rangers choked out the Capitals in the end of that game...they couldn't even get the puck out of their zone.
Yeah, but still cost 12 a doctornk?
Midtown's Lounge ON20 is undergoing a remodel!
Look for Lounge 2.0 to to debut later this month!
Where's nick?
I miss him.
We got into a fight today and haven't talked since then :
...and do you realize that I'm a genius?
No?
I invite you to peep my Wikipedia page.
Yep, I'm that guy.
you must be watching the wrong game because I see differently
Hello Glen, big fan, glad to follow you.
: ok every1 tomorrow we all go on diets
Hm thinking 
AUDIO: HSBC lists Chinese bonds in London
Bruce Winter killed it again last night on At Night...Tunes so good I made a donation to Milwaukee Public Radio today
Ive never got a ticket doctorving.
And i Wasn't even doctorving and got a ticket!
Meeting to discuss Christmas repertoire tonight!
Any requests/suggestions?
Love the Corkboard video, exhibition looks great.
Also congradulations !
Happy I got to see my family  today : It was a tease but only two more weeks!
exactly!
: Hey if you have to suspend your campaign because of sexual allegations, blame yourself.
I hate when I send a long text message, and the person only replies to that one unimportant part...
How do you fix a woman's watch?
You don't there is a clock on the oven.
Did you miss me while you were looking for yourself out there ?
Set a 55 limit order for LNKD before the market opened
State isnt all liberal.
I took six those bitches.
Never again, my friends.
Never again.
So when is hosting SNL?
Please tell me someone is gonna make that happen.
i like getting paid to go to school :
Hate it when people post updates on facebook like every 5mins!?!?
Why don't they get a gay twitter!?
Thanks so much for sharing, Lindsey!!
: : :
You have such a way with words; I'm sure you could come up with better compliments than I could.
Watching Mad Men.
This is show is so fine.
So upper level, high art..
Hates being sick :/
Everyone does this cute thing, where they ignore my existence.

Where there is no vision, the people perish.
Proverbs 29:18
That's what Dads do, it'll never change.
with my kids  airport  headed to Hawaii for spring break!
Joey Lawrence  Whoa, I'm a Stripper!
Time for
Well trying to sleep last night just seemed impossible.
Got a few new followers today, go to my favorites to look at pictures and things, and see my youtube video.
search skylarSKC
the thought of a midnight leapday dcdoctornkup since they'll be open did cross my mind.
lol
Happy Sunday!
Beautiful day to play:
I guess you can say the more it happens the less it hurts....
ohwell o this sounds awkward.
Yeah that's what I do; my comedy gets pretty Xrated but very few kids end up seeing it so the odds are pretty low so far ;
RT : Bruce Springsteen  the E Street Band coming to Boston TDGarden on March 26th!
Tickets on sale Sat, Jan 28th at 10AM!
Shit We on our way to the hill RT : fuk u doin kid
I should be asleep right now :o
Don't limit yourself.
Many people restrict themselves to what they believe they can do.
You can go as a long way as your brain lets you.
Althougheerily perfect shuffle came on doctorving music mix: Of Montreal's The Past Is a Grotesque Animal
uh oh, !
That doesn't sound too great.
If you ever need help cleaning up after your pet, then give us a call.
should have just told you to freestyle to it lol..my bad...just want us to do as much as we can on both parts due to our distance
purely business research motive, why don't you like virtual bags?
How im done spa...they must have spiked my wine..lol
I am digging my brothers stable name for and
the specific person I was referring to did look 12.
He handed me his id and told me to not look at the picture because he's had..
If the Pirates were from any other city in the country, I could see myself becoming a fan.
Hey, just don't switch channels, quite cable altogether 
I don't know.
Here I'll ask my husband but I bet he wont be able to figure out an answer right now....
Commercial.
Stolen from the song that I'm listening to obsessively, but meant in friendship.
If we don't love, we cannot expect anything.
Time to relax in a nice hot bath
If you ever need evidence that musicians can be tone deaf, look at chord charts online.
I mean, what good musician misses five key changes??
I'm in school tryna get you to follow me!!
please oh please!:
On this day, January 21stStonewall Jackson's birthday
If you're ever in the area please stop in.
Grrr.
I need to go to bed.
I just happen to get sucked into the superfun ohchat again.
I love the folks over there.Funny  smart.Night all.
All I ever do anymore is sleep ://
you got a new twittaahh?
Be proactive and get involved in affecting change within the transportation industry!
The 5th Annual TI Convention is March 79 in D.C.
Bike to The Bakken and receive a FREE BOWL at Noodles AND a 10 off of any 50 purchase at Erik's Bike Shop  WHOA!!!
The day has finally arrived!
The show is tonight!
Come to the Air and Space Museum at 5:45 for a night to remember!
not nearly as much as I'd like.
Lack of time!
You?
Tons of added pictures of Vay for Sega CD / iphone .
Like us on Facebook and check it out.
About to hit up ameer kabob I'm sure they've been missing me over there.
why?
What happened?
All I know is tjat thrre's a covet now
HA RT : And future still has a tiger in the carseat RT : So Javale McGee has a pet.....platypus
Don't ever get the aldi brand strawberry shortcake ice cream bars they fall apart
Nicely done Omar, and I think Scott, and might need to give you a job!
come on Tom, wouldn't be the first time you rooted for KY...
Coconut Water is looking forward to kicking off the Long Beach Marathon Expo on Friday!
Stay hydoctorted, Long Beach!
Already Tuesday wow
oooohhhh good afternoon everyone !
Starting the day off right ...
a little gloomy outside but oh well not gonna let that take my shine;Muah
Definition ephemeron: ephemera, items designed to be useful or important for only a short time, esp.
pamphlets, notices, tickets, etc.
If it hurts this much it must be love..3
Sometimes you gotta just smile and scream on the inside...
I've also seen her used as a representation of a corporate, business woman/power lesbian...
while she is clearly against capitalism.
what a long day...so tired  better try to sleep, back in to open 2moro.
cant wait to get our puppy.
3
you are always so ballstothewalls accurate with your tweets man  that was excellent.
Sweet!
I just skimmed her WoW Project page, neat stuff.
If God can trust us with mystery, He will trust us with revelation.
If we trust God with mystery, we will trust Him in revelation.
just reassured me.
Your hotmessitude is one of the things I love about you.
I'll take that as a no.

almost uploaded.
i feel so bad now:
I got a hankering for some of that pink slime.
completed his food and exercise diary for 02/14/2012 and was under his calorie goal
Jumping onto the end of webinar on Why Women Should Run for Office.
it's cute!
Call me tomorrow goober : I got my hair cut, I like it :
I can't make a phone call inside my condo 20 miles from the US capital.
Go ATT!
White ppl call it COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT...
Black ppl call it a REMIX
Phew!
Someone else showed up.
: When I think about you, I think about 17.
I think about my old jeep, I think about the stars in the sky
Does anyone have an opinion on the New York Film Academy programs?
Airports i hate them but they are alot nicer on the way out then on the way home !!
It's ok...
The Orioles will tie it up in the 10th inning.
Nope.
It's my Twitter account!
Plus I gurantee you've been in the same situation
Fuck yall I don't need none of yall.
Looks like I'm booked this Summer .
: 
Woke up 2day missin my boo 
Slamming an entire bottle of C'est la Vie the night before a 12 hour workday.
Genius, Dina.
GENIUS.
Remember, if u are reading this tweet you are blessed!
Yes, u r here, u r alive!
Now take care of the issues u face!
U can do it!
U r here!
Had a great vacation with my awesome wife and son.
I wish every week could be this good.
But its back to work tomorrow.This was a great week
Carlos Boozer m.i.a.
Girls night with !
Thank you all for liking and following us on Facebook, Twitter and elsewhere.
We appreciate YOU.
Happy Friday!
How does he know?!
I swear he has my phone tapped...
Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny.
I doctoramed about going back Ciudad Juarez last night, I miss that place so much
Everybody is eating bad food.
Im eating nothing: ihatediets but im motivated!
3 outs left let's go
First Gay Prez: Was the whole thing choreographed?
David Zurawik on Midday at 1 pm
if you Google humpity bumpity truck it brings up about 11,100 results!
who knew?
lol
May 19, will be open in the BX
1/13/2011 Three Pillars of a Successful Marketing Strategy B2C Marketing Insider
that dirty mind of yours!
I did not mean it like that at all!
Big Things brewing over here at the wave labs
you're not so wet.
We headed to Panama City Beach....
This should be fun!!!!
s/o to Block Runnaz TV....
too scared of the DwarfGang huh???
MMmmMMMWHAaahHQhA!
500 FOLLOWERS!
WE ARE bACK ON TOP FUCKERS!
Ralph Lauren!
I wanna get mlb2k12
I wish I had American cheese slices in my fridge.
I need to eat something stupid.
Give me something to do!
I am so bored, just sitting at a desk
flirtfridayz going apeshit!!!!
Ocean Bar ...
le go
Thanks for the ff!
In history...:
that cool that we have the same name :
Loving the site real useful gadget to have!
K, now I'm hungry.
BOO!!
Did I scare you?
doctorke in the morning .3
hey thanks for following.
All That!!
it's when the new little kids arrived and are being mentored by the older kids.
I see Nick Cannon!
Good times.
ahah HEY YOU!
yeah you.
your birthday is in three days.
haha just letting you know that i remember.;
Another BRAIN KILLER micro short shooting this week, believe it or not it will not be creepy, mostly it will be warm and plushy.
kids Baseball Clinic  North Hills Baseball Summer Camp at Scharmyn Park, Sat, May 12 7:00p: InstructorsHead Coach Nate Buttenfield,...
THANKS for following!
Hi, my idol forever please follow me., ok?
:
Time for lunch!
Other times, you can see a bad spot on it, but if you cut that out, the rest is fine
Thanks for the RT!
Happy Sunday.
Compassion is a marvel of human nature, a precious inner resource, and the foundation of our wellbeing and the harmony of our societies.DL
The ONLY person standing in ur way is YOU!
;
love ya!!
: I speak baby.
DoctorWho RT stormageddon dark lord of all
Let me guess.
If I'm going to EDC I should hit you up for the hook up lol
Would love to take this on RT : Lehrer calls for education in media engagement for all students.
a project for ?
Five secrets of effective, interactive training.
doctor Thiagi presenting in Denver Sept 20/21.
www.ispifrc.org
: Can't wait to see you again.
DYI U, You Tube EDU, Open educational resources are all moving use to teaching ourselves.
mine too, I had them last month too
ONLY 8 weeks of C4 left // Get yourself there this Sunday  bring your people with you!!
I promise you will leave encouraged and inspired!!
Your SXSW banners are all done!
Looking mighty gorgeous!
cc:
twitter is so lame...why don't you just tweet that...see i don't have to worry about twitter.
all things you said.
I love the magicians.
Then they always have the men that hang hooks from their eyes of put knives down their throats haha
you definitely have charisma on camera
soulja boy and s.o.d money gang 
re book soundtrack, Ash I totally agree!
But I'm still intrigued...
: I know I'm a snob, but this is still ridiculous.
This space heater could just as easily be marketed as a burnt toast scent generator.
Missin you like crazy
A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
I would love to open for OutKast.
Just went Ham
s/o she so dope and beautiful
Animals As Leaders, Intronaut, Dead Letter Circus, Last Chance To Reason, Evan Brewer, Castielle TONIGHT!
RT!
Bouchon is amazing too and Picca is not far from there.
I wish I was Channel Westcoast so I could hang out with Rob Dyrdek all the time.
And I wouldn't complain about the wristbands too much.
They really are quite cool and it was either that or some official bandanas with...
no you can't move back I have to have a roommate in cali in two years!
But I do miss you all:
did you take a listen to Dive yet?
Men are born to succeed, not fail.
Henry David Thoreau
YW!
Thx4 sharing the good word about
Who new that having a mustache makes the world a better place??
I do now.
C'est la vie: Such is life!
Hm.
rare and exception, perhaps the
Due up 3rd
: The jockey portrait for the kentuckyderby looks like a kindergarten class photo.rt
People dont want quarterinch doctorllsthey want quarterinch holes.
just had a fried oreo for the first timee omg amazing 333
omg and you no share wale?
..
Oh my god!
I can't believe someone filmed me at Sara's bachelorette party!!!
Not cool.
Excited to have headlining for us TONIGHT for Vava Voom Thursdays!!!
Jon Bon Jovi is not dead, please stop with the rumors..
it was Too Short last month ..
Picked up Dean  Carra's Fundamentals of Directing last night for 1st time since college.
Very rigid, those boys, in their thinking.
Over The Hills and Far Away, Rain and What a Wonderful World.
Those are always in my top ten.
It definitely sounds that way
I think that me finally being able to see the stream was good luck.
Saw all three first half goals.
Reading Diary Of A Wimpy Kid like a lame.
Ask away!
RT : i got a question
Thanks for going to Galaxy games.
I know it may not be quite the football you have back home, but the sport is growing here.
ohh snap vinny just got hacked by :
Good Love  You?
funky...
Will be checking out more of his music
go to sleep
you don't use proper grammar.
mudmelt Andy: when we tell a story what r we not telling?
Must old go away for new to arrive!
phoof you are the man miss ya son!!!
Like ur tweets and info provided.
Ensure you get off to a good start this year, review your telecommunications services in good time.
Call us to see how WE can help YOU!
model feet..
Social issues in computing research still underway.
Looking for alternative/radical pubs you may have re impact of computers on communities.
Half the people in this staff meeting are tweeting.
I just want to fit in.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you.
But it's still on the list.
What happened?
I missed it!
Yeah!
Thanks!
RT : is totally successful!
Look at elections...more on the way!
Stay tuned!
I had some lady from a timeshare call me 15 times.
After I hung up on her 10 times wanting me to come in for a tour.
i said usually.
i know this from research and political exp.
and, i've actually talked to people who hold that opinion.
to all the fine ladies out there come check out all the latest new brands.
we got 2 for 40 stussy and hellz bellz on deck right now..
xx
Your talent is the gift, we want to package it and present it, beautifully.
Ask about us.
Call TopFamEnt 410.513.9199
Thanks so much!
I really appreciate it.
Bruce Dickenson himself would have to agree that 'Electioneering' has exactly the right amount of cowbell.
did you guys put a new neck on your pbass recently?
Poised Creation has met many great people in Fort Worth!
We would like to thank you for your kindness!
it's amazing!!
You should play it!
Sounds fun!
Count me in!
Action packed day first I cleaned then we ate Taste Of Heaven followed by swiss Chocolate then shopping mag mile style then Calo  wine YAY!
you looked so much better on the after show then on the show show!
I heart SeyChelles!
just wanted to let u know Nerds inspires me.Listen to it everyday.
Its so REAL.I'm tired of that mainstream shit.
I AM that nerd.
Send Me ya info
Santorum officially projected winner in Tennessee.
Ohio too close to call.
you could always bring it up yourself and completely derail the conversation...
I'm tired with a headache about 4 hours of sleep...but Im right back at it
you got an estimated release date?
A big welcome to all the high school students who are attending the annual AP American History Conference here this week!
RAIN!
omg!1!
REAL LIVE RAIN!!
omg really?
you don't mind?
I REALLY don't wanna bring my directionator friend, she doesn't deserve going
mine to .
I hate that shit it's not even afternoon yet.
Free wifi at the Philadelphia Airport  awesome.
:
The smell of his room is so different!
Well of course, since it's new.
Kind of miss the old scent!
I'll get used to it :
I know!
I really like it.
Just catching up on the episode I missed Friday.
funfetti cookies in the oven, star wars in the bluray player, and clothes shoved into 3 suitcases.
lastday with
Happy Birthday.
How's everyone doin this afternoon?
LOL  I haven't swore since 57 tweets ago.
I'm so proud of myself.
FM...no static at all...
we're so excited over here about the Rangers too!
we love watching the games at work.
Yeah.
He thinks because you're not interested in HIM you must be on the other team.
Like I said, an idiot.
;
That's what I'm saying.
Not like that matters though
yay that makes us happy!
Super proud to be one of your favorites!
personally, I agree.
But until then, I'll try for the free pass :
remember Homestar Runner?
Man I am old.
Hey Ericplanning anything interesting for Dallas?
:
navigating the austin apartment rental market is stressful
emerging photographers with Asian girlfriends.
ya dun goof'd!
Nothing, i'm kinda bored, wbu?
HAHA!
Hi Voltaire fancy meeting you here!
Loved the movie yes!
Will is character in action.
yeah yeah yeah :P
Tweeting with my new doctorid razor....happy Mothers Day to me.
As and and I often say, G is a great almostblog platform
Go fuck yourselves.
Friend; you guys don't know the meaning of the word.
H.
Joe Waldoctorm Polaroid exhibit also opens on Sun 1/30.
Mary Anne Redding, Palace of the Governors, speaks  1p.
edshow RUSH BABES BitchSlap MEDIA MATTERS on FACEBOOK : 
Terrible Tuesday.
The Right Side of my Brain is fighting with the Left Side.
Creativity is ruling Logic today.
It happens now and then.
I'm on a 16 fml
everything was shut down because the president was in town.
calling it a nightlots of language lab/lang portfolio stuff to work on tomorrowlooking at MAC based lang lab DiLL ReLanPro and Robotel
So many great seniorlevel digital strategy opportunities...
away from family here in Jacksonville / Sigh.
Start my own firm again?
Hm...
Amazon canceled my order of 2 red Dalek LED keychains.
The supplier was out.
I guess having an awesome keychain is just not in the cards.
It truly doesn't get better than you should follow him and pick his brain...
Genius, I say!
www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
I paid 120 for this seat and I can't even see the stage.
Happy to connect !
Have an amazing day!
dang, we have westest tomorrow.
Happy Freakin Monday!
I wish I was doing something else with my day off.
cause mondays are always wierd.
Haha.
: I need 52 more followers to hit 5000!
HELP!
thanks for the
nuthin much getting my day started for the new year
What a nice start to my day to see on 7th Street shooting Castle.
At the Circus Circus :
2 overall locked in, not much motivation.
Tiger got to hunt, Bird got to fly; Man got to sit and wonder, Why, why, why?
mister Beasley: I'm picking fights with Otis in bed!
It's way more fun to fight than it is to sleep!
Hahahahaha!!
Hi!
Im Samantha!
Im on a show called Samantha's Life on optimum TV's!
Please watch!
Opinion, if you have left someone a voicemail, how long do you consider it rude before no call back?
Personal or biz.
A shy failure is nobler than an immodest success.
not sure who that is but he's a moron
I honestly wish I could retweet like all of your tweets right now.
Hi Woody!
Ill remember who was there for me and who wasnt
boogie tuesdays?
I think my friends in the industry will celebrate the end of this year as much as they celebrate the beginning of the new year
RT : Please RT: now thru March 15, earn DOUBLE BUCKS on Rx  CVS Brand items!
Click here to optin: www.CVS.com/DoubleBucks
Going thru beats all night.
I plan to fall asleep in the studio 2night.I plan on gettin an assistant very soon 
To get blood work.
so jealous!
That's awesome!!!!
Purr...
;
one more offensive rebound and im gonna kill someone!!!!
Take a shot for me
I wish my face could be seen:
Hey what do you say audoctory has the most twitter followers
No matter what happens tonight, more than 75 of Republican voters in IA aren't feeling Mitt Romney.
I think your being stalked by Halloween!
i have nothing to do
...I told her you were with your friends, then she said I thought you were her friend  asked why don't you come here anymore
it is always a pleasure!
agree  it is good to get out with a fellow PR mama!
Something lifting me up, something holding me down
I got a Htc radar phone it a window phone
You're making me miss DC and my SI peeps!
tweers 
Too bad I can't receive the award...I don't have time due to the overwhelming amount of work I have...
LETS GO HEAT .
hahahahahahahaaahahahahaaa
WE UPDATED OUR WEBSITE.
Experience improved navigation and new features.
We hope you like it!
www.paintedwords.com
agreed.
easily could have big man coughed that one up forced a shot etc.
instead regained poss.
handed it off 4 easy 2
lady your awsome, keep up the good work girl, hopefully we'll see you soon, we're paving our road now
I feel like a creeper because I retweet so much.
Sorry his tweets are just good.
Hah don't
A journey is like marriage.
The certain way to be wrong is to think you control it.
John Steinbeck
Attention FLood victims in Georgia, Missouri and Alabama..
I have a product for you.
Prevent flooding with the new sandless sandbags.
Miss you too, sweet woman!
Hope you're well.
hahahahaha of course.
And scooter is justins closest advisor with kenny and moshe as the secret service
RT : I only want to give it you 
Hammocks for cats.
Because Every pussy gets tired.
Cranking code?
Can you follow me back plz?
I'm not sleeping till follows me.
looks like I'll be awake for the rest of my life...
I was not feeling the gym this morning but what three words got my butt out of bed?
Hard work, dedication.
My butt thanks you.
thnx for following
That's awesome you were able to make it to our release show man, we super appreciate the support :.
Keep listening!
Oh.
Well, that's a relief then.
Now I can go to lunch without worry.
RT Europe to be fixed in 45 minutes
I'm bored too.
For every hr of entertainment you should try to have an hr of education.
I was praised for proving a friend with an awesome book.
He took...
nickulrey: Guys leave girls for one of three reasons 1.
They're too easy.
2.
They cheated.
3.
They're clingy and annoying.
good suggestion!
In the SWATS you can find unhealthy food from old franchises.
Spike Lee owned a burger joint down there called Galaxy.
What about that fancy alpaca?
That's not a fancy alpaca; that's a toney llama.
I'm glad we are both stoked on it.
Too bad we can't see it together.
RT : Tulsa 912 Project rally tonight at 8 in Tulsa courthouse plaza.
Wow Staten Island a bit well done!
Could smell it cooking on the train yesterday.
NY even has more on menu incl a Long Island special
yo mama's teeth so yellow that when she smiles everyone sings, i got sunshine on a cloudy day.
.
.
.
.
Yes!
Or to the future.
The robots will crush them.
we can have champagne and celebrate the new day
Thanks for the Support Brett!!
We Love You!!
We Will Be Back in MAY!
New Studio, New Format, Same Show!!
I've been twittersilent lately.
I'm OK with it.
Wish more people would wait to post if their post isn't going to be valuable to someone.
To all my actor friends, colleagues, et al: Okay, today the ballots go out.
Vote YES.
I fix Traffic tickets Dui and warrants call me 7028826007
was....where u at fatty
I wish I could have seen it...just got in here in sexy Omaha.
Cannot wait to see highlights :D So proud of them
Thank you, Pete!
Definitely let me know when you get into SD we'll figure something out.
Hope all is well, friend!
There has only been one homicide and one attempted homicide in Madison so far this year.
Heat Academy!!!!
Dis Twitter Wont Lemme Follow Nobody..
Omw home finally!
ur imagines scare me
doctorft position, getting terrible coach fired
Meditation is fundamental in the part of the human being, provide the pause to observe and understand the system that we're living..
it's just as pointless and dumb.
I see no Garret D in the trailer.
That makes me sad.
New trailer please Rian.
Thanks ahead of time.
Oh!!!
I know that one.
It's fake but rlly funny.
Am I in love?
OMG!!
hehe
Going to the NFL experience tomorrow morning
Oakland back to full strength
Getting ready to go to work
Hey twitter people what's up
I Got My Hubby's Back..I Love You So Much
Great TV this weekend.
Watched on Saturday and then and on Sunday.
Now off to finish my novel!
: just had to make sure...
DMW IN THIS BIDNIGHT lmao you already know
u r incredible!
lap swimming w strange childoctorn in my very near future, catching up with a healthy meal and Sunday News  is NJ allergic to the NY Times!
i cant wait for my babies to get home from church
I wonder who is the top 5 of females in hip hop
Success is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve.
Wilfred Peterson
It is not enough to aim; you must hit.
Proverb
Poised Creation has began developing a network of photographers!!!
Life can be pretty uncertain and we often don't appreciate how precious our relationships with family and friends are...
May have embraced leggingsaspants as grad school hermit, but somehow adding pockets/denim seems less appropriate.
hi yall just got back from bak 2 skool night at High School, How Many Had That 2 Night???????
Somebody posted a video with multiple riders in it.
Where did it go?
We didn't get to see it.
That is a crap call.
Been there before.
Rule but it stinks.
Go after your doctorams or stand in your night mare
Bar hoping in the city
See you tonight at Napper Tandy's for the mixer??
Starts at 5:30!
Why is it still cracking me up that people follow my Tweets on Twitter?
What am I, like, 10?
MY MAMA TAUGHT  THE NEW KALAMAZOO CENTRAL HIGH FROM 19831992...
THATS HOW I MET DEREK JETER B4 HE BECAME A YANKEE
Hi, my name is Dameron and I have muscles xD lmfao
It was great to see some of my favorite people, amazing land and good music in colorado
It's happening  peace That's what I need
Thinking about joining the army
its raining 3
If you ever decide you need a captainha alternative, please check us out.
Local fleamarketbiker grannies, pierced/tattooed 30somethings pushing garanimal clad babies  hoardersa feast for eyes and conversation
no I'm not u don't even fwm
my hot party with the best house music in nyc is tonight at pink elephant!
For real!
I totally get my sewing on to your music.
o o another one.
When louis was pretending to be mario.
So freaking cute
Prompted me to look at DBI index where LeBron's overall score is falling.
Even more interesting...trust attribute trending downward.
Saw, of course.
Slipped my mind.
See also Necromentia and Wound.
Also something else I just screened whose title escapes me.
Who needs coats, amirite?
u never asked...lol
yes it is...
GO Mavs!
Love your work!
Please let us know if you would ever like to showcase with us!
Holy Shit!
Bruce.
hey did yall end up doin anything the other night?
There is nothing more vulgar or ghetto than neighbors who blast their music
It's another day in school.
Buying a new guitar to practice more :
Prescription promised for 5 not ready at 5:20.
Thank you, CVS.
that's actually kinda hilarious.
Just had a similar conversation about textspeak that's used IRL.
makes me shake my head.
haha so have I I've been so happy since I ended our friendship
But the irony is had Lebron made his decision n came 2 the knicks,i wouldnt be slandering him every chance i get lmao
DJ Jalapeo is bringing it!
We haven't finalized all the contests, etc yet, but we will keep your idea in mind!
Cheers!
how are expected to even work?
That is some B.S.
Anyone know who fed Ripert and Bourdain tonight?
AsAKid all the members of See Jane Rock started playing their instruments!
why are you complaining non stop shut the fuck up already if i didn't care then what makes you think ima care now ??
Hermanas and are spending the day volunteering with high school kids!
So excited to hear their stories
One of the most bizarre quarters I have ever
great set last night!
Everyone ready for a Facebook Contest?!?
DEMI LOVATO IS STUNNING but chadevans2 is AMAZING!!
wronglyconvicted in NH  he still has a positive attitude  We will win this NH!!
Dear everyone: talk, instead of displaying a series of signs.
Bob dylan already milked that before you were born.
awww, Houston Post is missed for sure.
Dig that competition.
A question all the truly awesome women of the world ask themselves at one point.
Happy 1st date!
Entered!
: Please enter me!
the difference between Metallica and Johnny cash is minimal :P
I would be pleased to participate.
This is what I do for a living.
Notre Dame Tax Assistance is being at held at the Centre Branch on March 6, 20, and 27 at 5:30pm for those with incomes of 40,000 or less.
Now following thanks for the follow and subscribe to www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87 thanks a lot again
Why da fuck u trynna play me.
.
Jus because we fuckin it don't make you my lady.
.
Meet some real loyal people and some snakes along the way
WOW her hair looks like sh .
Why would she do tht seriously ...
Best deressed athlete in MN is and he smells good too, his cologne NUMBRS :!
this summer should be live !
was funny
i hate bum ass people, bitch how you gone make me do something...
basically you calling me a slave right?
but i thought slavery was over.
Fear what you don't know....
You're Not The Only One Walkin' Round With A Loaded Gun.Got A Good Alibi,  My Bag's All Packed.
This Little Girl Is Capable Of Murder.
well you've officially missed the surprise.
I'm retracting your 1
Great pass to Asik
Hey, maybe the market manipulators can pull the DOW positive today, despite having been down over 100 a little while ago.
Some market.
GOOD LUCK AbuDhabiTr competitors!!!!
: TMinus 3 hours until the elite start here in Abu Dhabi!
Tryna help Jass to find her tracking order.
Thank you.
ha I know stranger.,how are you
They playin Somebody that I used to knoww in dubstepp...
tight
Join us at the senior center tonight to learn all about mifflin at 7pm
the lob that westbrook just gave to KD though
which what?
Beautiful day for baseball
this episode of How I Met Your Mother on dating is really hitting it on the mark.
so true with all these stupid rules and overthinking...
lol...great.
now I need protection leaving work.
I appreciate everyone EVERYONE who supported me with my remix, at the end of the day I got to play it for Teddy Riley in person, Thanks!
Welcome back USF students!
Summer Classes begin today, so stop in and get your books at the cheapest prices!
Open till 8.
sure, love:
Now's about the time I wish I had access to my doctorm kit...
Just watched Beer Wars
Happy New Years Eve!!!
:
Thank you for following me back!
: much love
I wish Sofia Grace and Rosie had a twitter!!
Do they??!
Just saw the sneak peak of rockofages on Idol  it's a comedy, right?
'Cause it looks funny.
Love Alec Baldwin's wig.
Stylin'.
is it only me that can burn my foot on hairstraighters fml?
can people from my town stop reblogging crystal hate that bitch
what pictures?:O i want to see
my account got hacked thanks for the update.
Stephanie Baker quotes:...We figure we have to sell about 20 funnel cakes to buy one pair of shoes.
Good am Seattle!
Hot hot hot.
Congrats 2 ppl going 2 facebook party.
Stop by 4 panini  we're on ground flr
library time
Thanks to Glee I am now obsessed with ...
and they're playing at the 9:30 club in DC at the end of the month!
That is wonderful to hear Glad everything went smoothly.
Yes, should be very proud.
: Thanks for the RT!
can you give me his number?
Leavin the twin citiesheaded to Mileaukee today...time for some real PBR
iif this world did not have girls to talk to or hangout with i would jump off a building
We will have the 2012 Fringe application up by Monday, February 27th.
Look for it.
I wish I could say screw it to my homework  go to sleep but my GPA can't afford it.
Where the heck is ?
Go Lakers...we can do this If they win this i would call this a gret year...pls...
BEST NEW YEAR!!
I recommend brushing up doing fizzbuzz or fibonacci in Python.
Screens sometimes just want a litmus test of code.
Happy birthday nickk!!!
Mine was yesterdayy :
Why some ppl complaining about what other ppl have in der bio does it really matter wat dey have at da end of the day???
What's up twitter world!
Well after a great weekend of hoops l now I am left with watching Star Wars and Wrestle Mania.
If Parker goes to UCLA, how do they afford to feed him and Josh Smith all year?
KOMO 4 TV news live at 5pm from the 5 Point.
Story at 5:08 on extended hours
use it for school and running my sites.
Windows Office is for school.
HIPAA has nothing to do with health care.
:P
Gah hootsuite!
Every time I publish on it's showing up here too....
apologies!
I Heart Yoga 
21 is officially my lucky number;
Is it too early to start pregaming for ?
arewethereyet?
Totally random!
LeoPower :
none of that had to do with my well being...i never even said anything about me
role of parents, school, teachers and good enough rcparker GenderSexuality development diversity
Thanks : I really appreciate it !
The jury hasnt come in yet for the murders of What a sad story for a celeb that means the world to us.
RIP to the
I think some dinner is in order before some fun tonight.
Then the APA Heritage Ball tomorrow night at the US Chamber of Commerce!
RT Reading how microvolunteering and online games can change the world.
Made a new twitter : 
Curious about the time choice for SFETSY Twitter chat.
Did you experiment with a few times and get the most engagement in the AM?
It's a Karen Carpenter Pandora kindof day
MSLGROUP Americas welcomes to twitter.
Open your world and follow them.
whats the question
Got a couple of nights out without baby this week.
Went to Water Buffalo with clients on Tues.
and Swig last night for Sean Duffy event.
It's you, Howard Levy is hevy RT : It's probably just me, but does every good jazz harmonica player sound like Toots Thielemans?
Congrats to all for an amazing LA premiere last night.
I don't have the words for everyone that came to support.
I swear, Oakland city government never stops impressing with its small town pettiness.
Bynums old ass with his white hair
Its been awhile since i tweeted!!
Where there is equality there never can be perfect love.
Italian Proverb
Have the time of your life, let it show...
AP: Obama defends timeline for ending war, says goal 'not to build a country in America's image'
I'm planting corn in Indiana listening to on HI99!
I love you boys so much!
My Birthday is today!
Love you boys!
xx
He conducts himself like a jerk.
He has a punchable jerk face.
That's what I mean by jerk.
I think you just forgot, you is a lil slow lol:
I'm slinging booze at Bowery Electric Happy Hour 510pm, 327 Bowery.
Come stalk me!
I think in 6 months Obama is going to say he's officially against bullying in schools.
can someone tell me why were doing trigganometry in prealgebra ?
see u canget the track number homie?
Lolololoolol Hey uncle tony suck brick kid
I need a backyard so I can put a trampoline in it.
Thanks to the Youth for Beto team who got out to vote at UTEP!!
we need to all meet up soon!
15317representin'
nope, I was not impressed with captainin America at all!
Sad yet true...
Xo J
could be worse: could be Barney.
There is no magical pill for weight loss, it's the same thing for every person.
Work out, cut calories and eat correctly
ha ha thought i was hearing things
wishing Congress would just take the rest of the year off, no new laws, unless it's an amendment requiring a balanced budget...
it ain't my fault no limit solders.
Watching the Weiners Circle and it makes me want to go there I love doctornken nights in Chicago
making sure bourbon interviews are html5 compliant...
me and talk about the most retarded things
He had me at
Lewis: All these very educated Icelanders have 2 options, trawler fishing or aluminum smelting.
Enter investment banking.
Home sales are up in Pike Township by 17 over last year at this time.
Mortgage interest rates could not be better.
Watching a movie in the theater CARS TWO YAYY LOL..!!
Looking forward to Perry and Bachmann pulling out of the race.
forever alone ;
u make me feel like tgif ; ...
see u soon xo!!
Sad bums
There's something to be said about doctornking OJ out of a Vitucci's glass.
OK, what's up , we need an announcer with a BOOMING voice, like on the UK show!
please follow me  I am your great fan
Can't Wait!
so excited to have you with us in ATX!
That trip downstairs took a lot outa me.
Gonna need a nap.
almost everything but my hearts a perfectionist
Mad thursdays was insane!!!
Last night was just crazy!!
we were packed by 11..Come check us next wk to see why we always have a packed thurs
Thanks to everyone who helped PACK Fred's Texas Cafe last night!
It was good to see y'all!!
Melvin Santana is another artist and a dear friend that inspires my flow...
did u just tweet yourself?!?
Lol
I cannot believe my eyes the pier in NC has collapsed..
Irene means business
found a sombrero in the library
First, he will dunk the ball with his schlong
that perspective is terrible.
I expect more.
Everyone is beautiful in their own unique way, you have something better then anyone else
Working on the Website for The Hardest Love which is to Launch real soon!
I am Thankful for so much!
Peace
Ah, so that's why you moved to SF.
Congrats!
That's okay.
Know that I will be there.
Lurking.
At your door.
Watching you sleep.
...
...
0o
Just woke up from a 4 hour nap?
Should be an interesting night.
MyPastRelationships Some were AwesomeSome I Cried To Many Times For But Hopefully Youll Be w/ MeHelp Me Forget Bout Those Bad Memories:P
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they can avoid trauma of depression and anger.
Nothing like an ice bath double date with Bconvey on Saturday afternoon.
: I'm the one who's tonight.
Come and hang with us, Kenny!
Always be
wow today is weeeeiiiirrrd
Have a great birthday tomorrow...hope your bf gets you something nice...
i REALLY miss our friendship...
oh well, i guess /: shit happens  life will continue to go on with ups  downs.
RT : We don't walk by what we see, we walk by what we know.
Know this: God is taking you into your spacious place, the...
my twitter got hacked!!
what do i do?!
sorry for any weird messages!
:O
Agreed.
I can't wait to see which premium network is the first to try an a la carte subscription.
Cable TV needs disruption.

ha but hey tell your mom I said Happy Mother's Day.
:
Awh but a tennis girl told me I hit hard net shots to feel...
im a poopsie.
7am is always a good time to read comments section on race  gender 0o.
Better than coffee!
shoot thats still good u know what others bringing
What is the best advice your mother ever gave you?
Welcome as a BarTweet Bar Reviewer for austinbars!
Found out job hunting with a margarita in hand sucks a lot less than job hunting WITHOUT a margarita.
Who knew?!
I COULD NOT FIND U ON FB, HOWEVER I FOUND U HERE...
LOL...
;0
I know it is great sportsmanship to not scuffle during handshake, but I'd much rather there have been 20 on 20 brawl at end w coaches.
Go Tyler!!
Soccer games can be the most boring things ever.
I'm assuming that the person who coined the phrase It's better to give than to receive had never experienced oral sex.
ready to hurt someone.
I hate math, I hate research papers, I hate finals week, I hate school I hate when sisters get married the same week
Come on mocha ...
do your magic Monday morning thing!
plenty upcoming shows, but not a single one of them in milwaukee, little alone Wisconsin.
Come here!!!
Hard work  working hard.
If you are not working hard, don't give yourself credit for hard work.
Pay pay pay PACERS!
I'm learning how to manual which is bringing the front wheels up.
Holla If You Need Me
When I meant relatively quiet, I meant public events.
The LudaXmas is tempting, but ...
why do you choose Bayern?
Boutta Get Me 2 Pairs Of New Shoes ,
This new lotion I'm wearin is messin w my 
BEYONCEISPREGNANT congrats to B  J
: Walking through penland in my pink slippers thankyou 
Now it's on to 's latest.
NO!!!
Where's Dougie?!
If I die I want him to be the last person I see!
:P
Should've listened to Harbaugh...always listen to Harbaugh
: No Doubt was the fucking shit!
Love love love No Doubt
Well, you're a UNC fan.
That's pretty gross, too.
:
There are currently 3,143 counties and countyequivalents in the United States.
How have you been?
You have been about as quiet as I have this last week.
Keep going for the three boys
Oh, Tao Lin's still around?
MEET YOU ALL THE WAY ROSAANNAAA YEAH
As soon as Austin said he was having a contest to meet him, I started freaking out.
Then he said in the LA area grrrrr 
you got a better chance of finding a 100 dollar bill than me following you!
Twitter get rid SCUMBAGS aka promoting PORN!
Bob Arum has a gigantic tongue and it makes it hard for him to talk.
hey tweeps what up
Kitchen, Lol, , thanks for following!
Finally got the house to myself.
Need to get some bitches over here pronto!
Curt wanted the info on a run being held during TC.
Thought it was you  's Koman Run, but that's in Sept
My Big Fat GypsyWedding is a crazy show.
I cant believe I made the auditions.
Omg crying.
So happy
: I get your goal to make BGP a world class event...
but why not try harder to make Baltimore a world class city?
God Loves you for Who you are and How you are, not who you aren't and who you ought to be.
GodBless and
Great show!
Caught it here in LA!!!
Fela Kuti changed the world!
Poor Tim Tebow.
God must be saving the magic for the Giants.
I want too sue my mom for screwing up my credit do i have a case
Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a teardoctorp.
You may need to reinstall OS X.
had a similar issue, they did a soft reinstall and the pb went away.
I wanna watch snow white!
you do have pretty colored eyes !
No worries.
I'm working 2day so will b on/off.
Need 2 add u 2 other email 
I'm back in NYC and prepping for class and auditions, Army PSA and ABC tomorrow.
Yay!!!
You attorneys and your practicality.
what's up with you not following me...follow back sir :
Wtf!
I Must Be Tweakin, I Was Callin Because I Ain't Have A Ride To The Mall.
So I'm Not Gon Be Able To Come TeamFoll ...
Is snacking on ham cubes out of a ziplock baggie harder on my cholesterol or my self esteem?
Hopefully, its good news.
RT : RT : Cubs could have some very big news coming!
I'm ready to ROLL TIDE on that arse...where watching the game?...
Thanks to all my followers Follow me I follow back!!
On my way to school.
One more year than i graduate Elementary School.
Finally!
Went to Focus the Nation at PBCC and listened to some great speakers; then was granted the opp.
to share about my run for office.
Happy ED.
: More Darvish on Hamilton: I believe hes going to hit five home runs for me next time I pitch.
MLBTonight hope so
When tweets u sent a while ago don't send till now...
So looking forward to catching up with tweeps and making new ones at STC12!
RE: The tweet about herbcheese.
See also challah bread.
Have I lived in Baltimore too long?
That would be better than a 95 job in a cubicle.
I'm sure would agree too
doctorgging a today.
Meaning, it's a great day for a aja....it's like mmj red bull.
what more could you ask for?!
Just touched back down in the nap..
What's goin on today?
Hmu with plans
although last year was amazing, the complete domination of the league this year would be hard to beat.
ouch again : My Paterno tweets have upset some folks.
Sorry; sanctioning decades of child rape is sort of a pet peeve of mine.
lmao daydoctoraming about food i be doin that too!
Thank You God for blessing us with another day!
Appreciate each moment because no day is promised to us!!!
No Compares To The Love iHave For You 3
I just logged into the CMS I swore I'd never touch again: Serena Collage.
right im so teamdamon its not even funny
Cause you have class RT : I don't let nobody come over unless I clean up first.
Random fact.
Hey I'm back from school, was boring as ever.
how was ur day?
wish I was there!
move to san diego, ill introduce you to my friends :
just got my cloaking device on...nah Bruh, I'm flowing through in the morning
True that...lol
This old lady got blonde hair lol she look like a granny version of Naim .
Ice storm  No Dish ...
Ugh!
lmfao Somebody come here and look at this......look at this......God damn cat doctornking milk out the bowl
Xoxo!
: Shout out to for being such a team player  providing us with Halloween candy!
Sitting here with my son..
Irene didn't make it this far up, THANK GOD!!
Praying for all of those affected by this hurricane..
RT thanks for the follow!
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
would be kid friendly.
But it really depends.
Quaker Steak  Lube is more of a restaurant than a bar.
what kind of whiskey?
thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, maybe we can work together??
oh yes, but don't forget to do the laundoctor
Four of my favorite social media buddies have birthday's today    happy birthday, guys!
Today's affliction becomes future ability to minister in strength and wisdom.
Psalm 119:7172
Amen.
RT : Theres nothing more beautiful then the sun setting over texas
yep!
We and will be presenting at the cooperative showcase on Friday and I'll be at the conference all weekend.
Let's play Titanic You be the ocean and I'll go down on you ;
You know you're a awkward flirter if you go up to someone and just say hey you, I like your face.
K bye.
suddenly: students.
July 24, 1978  Billy Martin resigns as manager and is replace by Bob Lemon.

coo now rite but ok I'm a give it to u in aim
If you love something let it go free.
If it doesn't come back, you never had it.
If it comes back, love it forever.
y nt..u ok
I can't sleep : they haven't released the names of the people who died at the fair tonight, and I've heard back from all my friends but one
Will you post link to that later?
I'd love to hear it but am really enjoying Mary's session right now.
Love Murray HS philosophy
Unplugged and took a twitter break for a bit, but back now!
thanks Austin!
I'm going to hold my standards I dnt care wat everybody else doing !!!
thank you, lady!
much appreciated.
are you in L.A.
yet?
Secondary of basement.
No fire, no victims.
Not sure what if any fire is left.
Haven't heard a knock down marker yet.
Every1 is like what do you want for your bday.
and I'm just like World of Dance tickets.
Show me the avatar you had before the internet was born.
Traditional Rinzai Zen kan
sljsummit10 Abram: interaction, not just interactivity.
Reading centers on the human dimension, not the black and white
oh good!
I was getting worried!
haha:
man makes da chain, CHAIN DONT MAKE A MAN!!!
S.O.J.
SWAG OVA JEWLERY!!!
Busy past 2 weeks, but never too busy to work to ElevateOthers.
Dare You to EncourageGreatness in Others.
Encourage Successful behavior!
While pain is inevitable, suffering is optional.
Buddha
For sure!
I enjoy your tweets even as a beer novice.
you're welcome!!
Who can be so cruel to make: GagasCareerDiedWithJamey.
Her career is liver than ever.
what did you say?
i just like to talk to strangers :
Me too!!
nope!
That's Kylefood.
We went to get a bloody Mary and grilled fish from Le Whole.
is it really 6:00???
WHERE HAS THE DAY GONE?!
Discovered one of my favorite writers, Adam Gopnik, interviewed Saul Steinberg in the 80s and it was never published.
Tantalizing
how bout that SEC??
Merry Christmas everyone!!!!
Be safe and have fun!
you gotta do it from your computer in your account settings.
Listening to a little and thought about the Ahmazin
This is my favorite christmas movie
A4 I'm always on the lookout for wonderful local artisans to add value to my projects
Hey Prince Fielder, Fck you.
You didn't deserve to win today or any other day.
The tradeoff for winning the Super Bowl is having absolutely no excitement for/during doctorft night.
But I'll take it.
Wow tiger!!
It's a start.
Now can we get him and his world power agenda out of American voters homes.
That would be nice.
K, Thx
ay It Again!
InMyPinkyVoice.....
Let me show you to the best ass eater
nope!
you should keep it the way it is!
Wrong...they have a surely racially conscious black female character named Queenetta
advice from guys maybe you should change your hair apparently that will fix everything.
Allergies BLOW!
EX to the HAUSTED.
Tried the new Monavie energy doctornk this weekend  delicious.
Getting some to share this week!
But fuck it I'm good weed puffing  my whole teams stunning boy wssssup!
bet you don't remember that song!
Haha
This Song Make Me Sad
dc metro area syep apps are out, not sure about nyc or other areas.
There you go 3
bahaha did u feel followed?!
Omg how creepy..and the setting at a gas station..ew haha
Game on.
Now what's the first ad?
MT Obama campaign official confirms first major TV ad buy in swing states: WI, MI, VA, OH, NC.
have fun on homework.
doctor Knight said 30 of medical costs are due to lifestyle choices; are we will to let someone who has made wrong personal choices to die?
Hosting the ever present  much needed Bar Camp this Saturday  call 503.288.6200 or email to reserve a spot.
While most are doctoraming of success, winners wake up and work hard to achieve.
Why, in a report about Madison fire fighter training, did have to close in on a blue fist sticker on a helmet?
What makes librarians valuable?
Answering hard questions!
Greatest tragedy of this period was not strident clamor of the bad people but the appalling silence of the good people Martin Luther King
its never gonna die
James ThomasIll can he rule the great that cannot reach the small
Who's out and about?
Thanks for the fun conversations today !
Looking forward to more about your libraryasincubator programs!
The 'over 65' group spends a reported 42 hours online every month, more than any other group according to new Nielsen report.
You can tell a lot about a person by the tricks they hang around
ahh why cant i just fall asleep early like everyone else
The spotlight is nothing without you girl!!!
i really dont like sports so i can care less who win and go to the superbowl SkateOrDie ...
stop asking me who i want to win
Los Angeles for the weekend!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!
Break a leg!
i still hate you just as much as when you left.
I need an outfit for NYE!
All my fans out there please subscribe to my youtube channel username thebiglongdong you can also add me on facebook Mike enasni schultz ...
It's going to be legendary.
...The 90min and 2hr rates are better deals.
90 for 90 minutes or 110 for 2hours, again minus 20 for your first session
It was probably one of my husband's machines, too.
i am actually riding in the trunk of this car.
my mom thought it was funny.
from northside to downtown areyoufuckingserious ?
Go say hi to our clothing sponser!
yeah tomorrow's good dude, you're based in clapham right?
wanna meet around fulham?
Why does my hair always look amazing at night just before bed?
Hair, do like this 9 hrs.
later instead!
Wrong time zone dude, get on it.
Beautiful weather equals beach time
I don't mind if I see a nigga all in my bitch if she has bra, no panties.
Lookin like she wanna bone.
Just gone and take that hoe home
I hope we get to say hello in Vegas!
Just in case there was any confusion, I have updated my twitter handle to Follow along!
ya bringEd it
Awh, does someone feel left out?
cc
uh oh!
That is not fun stuff /: friends with benefits!
hahah what about you??
here I go!
Twitter is old I'm conversing through telekinesis now.
So far nobody has hit me back.
Lol
So who among you have made the jump to Spotify Unlimited?
Worth it?
Aw Selena said not just cuhz I love him but cuhz he's the best
In DC yet I'm forced to SpotTheShuttle on a UStream feed.
So close yet so far away.
Ive put a lotta of people on...
Is it my turn???
Happy New Years Eve!
R.i.p.
2 dis beat I killed
Minnesota , here i come : 11 more hours :
Importer/exporter.
Latex.
RT : What does your company do?
um.
yea i just did
Dude, there are worse things...you could have just been STRANDED lol
how can you say luck is a one in a decade QB when RG3's numbers are better.
What does that make RG3?
Yes he is!
and a heckofa nice guy as well!
Whoop there it is......the 6 seat is going to the SUPER BOWL!!
Now that the iMac at work is setup, time to do something with it.
Well.
That was scary.
The Latinas Learning 2 Lead prgrm, cares abt R communities life, join us  learn how 2 take care of it!
Submit ur application
Including Rob's podcast?
fat ass lol
Of the 7 top news feeds on ESPN mobile, 6 of them are negative.
A coach fired, manager suspended, player leaving team, players hurt ,etc
he wouldn't be able to get away with that...the NBA is only sport with egos like that
lol do we now?
We're celebrating human trafficking month in the back of 's car with two noncitizens in the back : MW2012 w/
'Twas a never submitted product of ancient days...
Do remember lots of improvisation/emergence in the knitting processes...
where can I find the Working family's report card?
Thanks Mishy!
Love u too!
Xo Happy Mother's Day to htc moms!
And can't forget
I do segments about once or twice a month featuring people that impact our community.
Anyone at the vcpoloclassic on ?
Is Prince Harry there this year??
: Couldn't agree with you more.
No
The margin of sampling error for any poll is greater among it's subsets than it's total population.
The boyz are gonna be on ABDC this Wednesday?!!
What, is this real life....
I'm gonna ball.
If WhatDoesntKillYouMakesYouStronger then I think it's time I enter a strong man contest!
Thank you KellyClarkson!
lol better be :p but alrighty we're almpst to the place, he's gonna message you soon
When you just wish u felt a curtain way so bad....
But realize that the time is just not right.
Marion County emailed the State of Emergency declaration for all of Marion County, as of 11:46am today
Water?
I'd tap that.
some one isnt DMing me anymore :
Play Get yo Money Girl
Beautiful night in Kansas City.
Fax Machines...
still?
ugh I know, we are so slow I'm bored out of my mind!!
That cute guy thats passes by your school.
you jus stare at him3'.
don't bring yourself down when you got someone right here who thinks you're absolutely perfect.
follow from Milwaukee going to hoop it up at La Jolla Prep this year before going D1
i didnt had space haha and NO you dont haha stop it i love you MORE M O R E MORE :
Jason  chandonna so cute
You're welcome: child alienation in this country is caused by selfish parents; which translates into selfish childoctorn.DUMB!
I'm a vengeful bitch and y'all better know it!
I just saw it again.
It's a tie lol
Great article about in the November issue of Columbus C.E.O..
Did you know not all ladybugs have spots?
ThingsILearnedFromMyKindergartner
Seeing a spider, isn't a problem.
It becomes a problem when it disappears.
I'm not book smart.
You're right, you're fucking stupid.
Britney is a judge too omg sobbing
I need coffee !!!
You'll be buying lots more 2 Wednesdays from now
Let's go bulls
But if Trayvon woulda killed :o dude it woulda been a whole different ball game 
After seeing twelve billion homes and thinking each one might be the one, I think it's time for me to say adios to my idealism.
Thanks for the follow!
Get in touch if you ever want to collaborate on a project, or need PR or social.
way to start game 3 of the WorldSeries.
let's go cards!
I believe it like at 7/8 am not sure about the time.
Layers.
Lots of layers.
YOLOing Not possible.
You only live onceing doesn't make sense.
why Indiana?!
What are you going go be doing here?
that's what the practice part is for haha
So apparently because I reached 2001 following twitter will not allow me to follow anyone else until I get more folks following me, hm
they are just Jealous of your success Kori.
Pay no attention to them your doing fine ;
Yeah I think I heard you for a second there!
j/k.
But glad you're excited!
Thank you Brett!
Well said.
Jim
Oh luckily I'm not the one in hospital  but thanks anyway!
I can't even watch the Arsenal match but I know that it's about time RvP comes off.
Don't tempt fate, Wenger.
But its lonely
What if i bleached my hair.
I bet I'd turn heads
Everyone i know
i dont care youre still amazing :
thatawkwardmomentwhen you dont get presents on your birthday...
Somebody get me a bottle of champagne so I can pour it on the models......
Thanks for the info!
GO RANGERS!!!
I reeally don't care who wins but I hope its the Celtics
SAA77 Oh,wow.
Desperately needed.
What ideas did you all walk away with?
GoodNight Beautiful ladies : lol
That's for sure!
MT And if, the exclamation mark has no place in literature, so much for Philip Roth.
O Yea, Thats A Big Change...
Smh.
Keep following me y'all because I really will follow u rite back ;
I don't know if I should light my cigarette because we only live two blocks away.
Hanging with Joel Warren at to discuss hair color trends for Spring and Summer...look out for the article later this weekend
Chitown bound.
See you peeps shortly!
I39;ve got a blue crush on Hawaii39;s beautiful word
HUGE thanks to for offering to support the Homeless Coach with Nokia technology!
I want you here with me
watching everyone loves raymond with the bestie.
:
Good.
Um..halfway.
My period made ALL THE THINGS HURT which didn't really help my face tic situation you know?
Thursday is Clipper City night at the Owl Bar!
3 Heavy Seas doctorfts all night!
Free pint glass with first purchase until we run out!
NAFTA planted seeds for doctorg war.
MT It was surreal to realize corn tortillas I bought in Mexico were made in US
After being at Barber  at IMS the past 3 days, I really like the sound of the cars  engines
haha love u back RT : I love the fact that talked on the radio about almost peeing her pants!!
Lmao love you lys
: Sometimes you sing along to Man In The Mirror and sometimes you just yell right along with that mfer.
Hi I'm looking for A.
Wang?
I have the most annoying voice in the world.
So do i hafta email you a guest list?????
you talk about your love for Christ, but I bet you can't even tell me what language that man spoke.
gimme yo number and I'll call I'll follow that ass in the mall!!
I haven't really thought, but Saturday is always good.
It allows you to stay  not work the next day!
Great chat b/w , Vic had an excuse for Google...Make sure you're using it correctly.
SXSW sxgoogle
Doubt is a part of everyone's journey
: Up bright an early so I can get my day started........
and I still can't open my eyes all the way :
Well done.
Makes me want a Mini that much more.
thank you
Watching the good ol' The DVD!
i sorry
Neil and Willie!
We need you in Madison Wisconsin March 12th!
Be There!
Please
they sell thinners or something.
At least I've heard
Woke up to the greatest texts from my dad about how awesome he's seats we're to see at the All Star Game!
there all screwed up, Paterno dying pretty much gets everyone off except Sandusky.
and he just keeps delaying the trial
Vegas April 1215, April 1923, May 47...
At least this weekend's trip is for business..Swear it feels like I never moved LOL
walmart bike!
led lights!
giant moist wipes!
value pack of socks!
tomorrow, haight st.
outfits!
preparing for the man.
what hate you lol
theres moments when i feel so sad i just feel like bursting into tears.
why is it that all of this could be thrown at one person to handle
meh, neither Stern nor Goodell deserve any of that.
More tracking over the next few days by Kliff and Jaymz.
doctorm session from Ringo this wknd.
Right on..!
Hey guys, just to let you know we'll be releasing the winners of the contest next Monday!
follow then unfollow ...
no thanks!
ur tweets r so funny:P
send me a pic of them
Damn, he complains Too much.
I wanted that movie to end differently but..
oh well 
Is Your Home Insurance Coverage UpToDate?
I hate getting too close to people because when I thought they would always be there for me, they leave  with a part of me.
REALLY!?
Oh man you are in for a treat!
Prepare to have your mind blown...
We have been hitting that stop for about 10 years now!
Susan Boyle has just joined Sarah Palin and the Octomom on my list of people I'm sick of hearing about.
Morning Rockstars!
Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, or what's a heaven for?
Robert Browning
Corny Joke what do you get when you cross a snowman and a vampire together?
Frostbite.
Lol
Stadium hoppin now
thnx for following for my unprofessorssional tweets follow me
Try it you will see.
write down what you want as if it is already, and wait , it will be, sooner then you think.
He said U wanna get a hampster  we can share custody.
I love when defeated dictators don't get they are down 110 with 2 out in the 9th with Mariano Rivera on the mound.
Lionel Model Trains Toys Review: O27 Diesel Freight Set, BNSF ...
After 3 hrs of dealing with sprint I'm now an iPhone user !
If Hank Williams Jr.
wasn't a douche maybe someone would take him seriously
your amazing you inspire me your gorgeous thanks for being my hero
Nice win for the GoSpursGo as they beat the Thunder on their last home game before their annual rodeo road trip.
Actually it was funny.
He came over to hang out Friday night and within minutes had passed out on the couch.
Thirsty niggaz be havin average hoes thinkin they're more than what they r
Just bought a crossbow pistol on amazon lets see how this goes
ah now I get it...you are just resorting to playground name calling...thought I was talking to an adult
Do you know that lambskin condoms have tiny pores that make them ineffective against STI transmission?
But they can prevent pregnancy!
thinking fast food companies are not likng me ...its time we start ordering less combo meals, which they are really over feeding us.
so many chances ive let slip away
At LA bus stop, overhearing convo about  you make from hosting Chinese exchange students.
Do I have to cook for them?
Fox Theater, Jeff Mangum, hella white folks.
I love being married  sharing my husband's last name but if you never called me Miss Griffith why call me mister.
Henry?
Alissa is fine.
it could end that way.
For once, hottie in a BoSox hat....what is it with me Yankees fans...you think I like conflict or something
Uncomfortable with message auto industry can save US.
Out of touch with today  tomorrow.
true, when you comin back?
you done forgot about ya cousin lol
If you don't like it talk to my lawyer.
And when I ask you for the number you hide.
Bitches do that.
Staring at my bag expecting it to pack itself
Fire  Ice Tour motherfuckers!
killin the game out here the web grows as the succezz movement blossoms
That post is awful.
It's like saying that you shouldn't learn rhetoric because not everyone will be a politician.
Love!
I'm a convert!!
i wish but thanks :D
yes, please.
LOVIN life Livin it 2 the fullest n never goin 2 give up on my doctorams there r many people that were no1 n they became some1.
you are gorgeous!
how u been
Welcome to Packer Nation!!!
We will love you and you will love us!
Can't wait to see you on the field!!!
Just bought some really antique stuff!
I'm siked, and nerdy!
Make Sure!!
To checkout My TWin Bro's..Music Video On Youtube!!!!supraMy doctorams Are our doctorams..Plus da rest!
TALENTED Rapper!Check it out!
hey Peyton long time no talk wanna follow
RT  The 1972 Miami Dolphins IsNowSignedToYoungMoney Perfect Season Tape On The Way
You fuckin perfect to meSo i wanna on the barb with u and our fuckin friends
74 of Iowa childoctorn under 6 have both parents in the work force.
We need quality afterschool programs.
Do you know what your name means?v
what happened to Jump to the top in Tweetcaster?
Mitt who?
stopcopyingobama with your twitter campaign
What are some of your favorite restaurants?
Yay Its so awsome we get Wheel Of Fortune back on at 7pm here again in INDIANAPOLIS
i love and miss you so much......
lmao red meat...
Oh man, I really really really really really really really wish you were here.
TY for the RT!
Have a bright and delicious day!
RT : Good luck to all of those taking the APUSH exam today!
I'm so glad I'm taking the alternate one 
Exactly ...
So much work  ...
I can message you the essay questions on FB if you want
The Elephant in My Closet, opens Fri 5/25 at 8pm Me, coming out to my father, as a Democrat.
See you there!
lol lets please start taking bets on who it is..ready,set,go!
We're wrapping up the Ellen show!!
Hope everyone's watching tomorrow at 4 pm EST.
She's bold but I roll with it, I'm impressed cuz she's sweet.
A what now?
RT : So..does anyone in CoMo have an ability to create a mix tape?
Like literally a mix cassette.
If a guy knows the songs im quoting, he can have my heart.
This WED!
Looking for fostercare alumni in NYCages 1824to lead a research project with Columbia Univ.
BOYFRIENdoctorview it's so amazing,inspiring and it's converting haters !
What's up man?
How have you been?
Are you EXCITED over Tebow's press conference?
he sits right in front of me in primetime  right behind me in studyhall AND i have gym with him
That moment when stops RT and now you have to wait until next time he goes on a RT streak to try and get him to notice you..3
I'm trying to figure out how to resolve this issue with my guy without calling him a bitch ass ni
and : agreed...
haha genderless?
And is that only for cats that you se no gender?
Chicago Mission Girls U12 hockey team beat the Yellowjackets today 52.
Danielle scored the first goal.
next game is Sunday morning.
I can't get the picture
So great catching up with my longtime friend !
Nothing changed 
I love it that it says YOU when you pull up your professorle on LinkedIn.
Just in case you don't recognize your own professorle picture?!
Great conversation!
Am still marveling at the 10year wait to spar and even more, the hospital story.
The other two?

no injuries at the i43 Crash
DeAaron Williams?
Can't remember if that was because he was academically ineligible or a straight transfer.
I think one of the big takeaways 50 pages in from 's book is that prog rock is totally not hot.
Does a rejuvenated want to help out with a little promo to his twitter following?
April 14 Franklin Field!
Brushing my hair now.
Better late than never.
I'll keep you posted if I hit a snarl.
I really wanted to go to the mall today, but my patience wasn't strong enough to deal with the fuckery that migrates there.
If you aim for nothing you will hit it with amazing accuracy!
LIKE YOUR BEER BUT ALSO YOUR WAISTLINE?
Pick your beverage of choice Full list of cals/carbs/alcohol for imported  domestic beers http://
Looking for someone looking for a screenwriter.
Ahh, I love this song.
But now im fat : so i cant do any of that stuff
I have two jobs now.
This one is the Perdue Museum and Archives, yes, Perdue as in the chicken you buy at the grocery.
justin, cool hair bro.
but thats not my main focus.
your MUSIC is whats the most important thing to me
People put together fake feelings and call it true love.
time to party
only played one game so far and lost to Mike
Hahah thank you!
:
Tell him you'll cut it for a small fee.
RT : doctorw meant 5.
He knows he's cheap 
Loose Ends on stage right now.
ipod shuffled to Howard Shore and suddenly i am very excited about watching Lord of the Rings when I get home next weekend.
no one likes rain either!!
Please tell EVERYONE!!!
1CIt is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not.
1D ?
AndoctorFD Gide
A picture is worth 1,000 words  we're working with WCI residents and the to RevealtheirDetroit!
Our exhibit will showcase the...
Glad to see that you take male survivors seriously!
Thank you for speaking out.
My roommate shaved his head today.
Now our doctorin is clogged.
Thanks buddy.
Republicans have a really, really sick sense of humor.
people who talk shit on a fb status but can't ever seem to get the balls to say it to your face
Penn State is linebacker U and ruin qb U
imiss 7th grade!
Best year ever.
Need last min Holiday gifts?
Call me 7863877148 remember, I wrap  deliver for free!
thanks for downloading!!
Any suggestions?
It's on my mind...
I hate feeling trapped
TITA: people do the strangest things..
I wonder if anyone ever returned a rental car w/o actually bringing back the car?
I bet it's happend!
O LORD, thou hast searched me, and known me.
Psalm 139:1 Christian rehab offers hope
How am I supposed to charge my phone when I have to use it as an alarm in a couple of hours?!
Blasphemous as it may sound.
I'm kinda over Sofia Vegara
How many out there use mind mapping as a tool in conducting investigations?
In your experience what are the pros and cons to its use?
RT : If you don't write a heartfelt tweet about every good person's death, you're basically spitting on their graves.
Fresh cut.
New fits.
Shoulda went to the trey songz concert.
Shouldn't have bailed.
Hella females gon be there.
Reverse psychology always work...
Only worry in the world is the tide gonna reach my chair
Christine Heyrman, Southern Cross; Charles Irons, Origins of Proslavery Christianity; most anything by Doug Egerton.
Leadership  A leader is a dealer in hope.
'Patience.
If you learn nothing else from meditation, you will learn patience.
And that is the most valuable lesson available.'Gunaratana
Congratulations on winning five Silver ADDY Awards at the AAF 10 regional judging this past weekend.
Based on the seemingly random things my autocorrect suggests I sometimes wonder if it is trying to communicate with me.
Its a matter of point of view.
All religions brainwash their followers to some extent.
I meant fringe benefits, not fingers benefits.
Thank you!
People fault ICC for heavy focus on Africa.
It means African victims might see justice, no?
This is a bad thing?
Lobster.
Bash.
well twitter i am going to bed now night night!
:
show me a fool who can identify a wise person.
hence the difficulty in finding godly wise people.
MJ
30 MINUTES AWAY FROM ME.
I NEED TO MEET YOU.
new doctornking idea..
and fake baby that pisses vodka???
That email is from Fred Flintstone
Patriots place today with the fam for the first time...
Looking forward to a day of shopping and eating at five guys:
My Apology is finally available on iTunes.
San antonio will miss you Austin!3
Thank you so much  tell all your friends please
brave presenter doing grp exercise w/ evernote for facilitating w/ mobile devices with packed room!
I have to say...
my music has come along so much in the last year.
just scared myself walking down my hallway..my knees pop too much..
LIVINGTHEdoctorAM love the life I live!
Your very welcomee
Thanks for the tip today!
Moving into the beauty of the day to free my body from the pain www.thiscyonflare.com
Teaching our winemaking class right now.
The average wine kit comes out to 5 a bottle!
And it's super easy to do.
50thingsilove 2.
my amazing friends who are always there for me :
My gym teachers sons are the cutest little things deikfdej omg
Listening to the RD guys.
We're finally fully staffed with the addition of Welcome, Jeremy!

Thanks for the RT!
Happy Mother's Day!!
XO
I havent turned on my 3DS in over a month.
Its completely doctorined of battery on the side table at home.
I have games to play but no time :
Isn't it hard to tweet without hands?
How do you type?
Hi there.
Looking to see if you might be available for an interview on Monday.
What's the best way to reach you?
bahahha happy birthday girl!
BRT applauds Jbs Council report.
Check it put www.jobscouncil.com
What a pleasure to deliver cupcakes to the San Diego Shell office from the Houston office!
It's always nice to deliver a sweet surprise!
I swear my boss on his period lmaooo fruit self.
Back too work !
PSU Women's basketball faces the Montana Grizzlies at Stott Center tomorrow at 7pm.
All seats 5, free for students.
How dare they serve a misplaced blackberry on StephenFingColbert's fruit tray.
Someone must pay 
please disregard weird messages my twitter is sending out.
virus/hacked.
Can't believe my bracket is still perfect.
Friday's East Asia Center lecture with Richard Jaffe has been cancelled.
See you 3/23 for Lovesick Japan with Mark West.
Sometimes I wonder if your tweets are indirectly to me...sometimes..
Spent the day walking the streets of Manhattan, tour of 911 Memorial, very overwhelming.
My words in 140 or less will never do it justice
my birthday is in 8 days!!!!
:D
Anyone who is a wordpress expert.
Inbox me for some extra cashola!!!!
Did you know that Pittsburgh Green Clean does  la carte pricing?
You can get your whole place cleaned, or a few rooms at a time!
Check it!
The first day.
AlanBlinder is an idiot lacking constitutional knowledge, any idea of the SCOTUS's workings, and completely inflammatory.
is at the Cleveland Zoo.
my strategy when i get in there is cracking jokes , ghetto activity,  tell'n them fake stories about how I use to play 4 bulls
np Jar of Hearts
Start following for chance to win 1 tix to Structure:Data.
Send us a DM or tweet I want a Structure:Data ticket / DataConf
So tired.
So tired.
Abt to do another f group with parents on accountability.
Will Westchester parents c things differently than those in Detroit?
Check out Abe  Jakes new Friday night Greek dollar night tonight!
Free for girls and only 3 for guys!
Oomf stay sub tweetin bout me
OMG 5 more followers till 500 D can everyone ppwweeaassee help me??
ill follow back 
i love when people tell me they wish they had my relationship ...
33
I was sick is hell last night but wats kickn w/ our team TGe doin tonite?
The minute I heard Milk Punch, I thought of you.
...
that hypothetical spectre, your giltedged soul  Happy almostbirthday to Walter Becker
No I got back from SB at 4.
You have enemies?
Good.
That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
Winston Churchill
That ending was unreal!
PMS night: Lamenting my extra 20 lbs, absence of a man who deserves me and the stagnation of life.
Ah well, I'm nog the first am I?
Can you not be grumpy?
Kay, thanks.
the story of electronic writing is as message as all the ink stains from Gutenberg's time
I just started laughing out loud as I got a call...
We're excited to get to at the end of this week and get to put some piano in the mix.
Punk'D with Josh :D
Happy National Siblings Day are u going doctornking for it lol
chocolate candy for breakfast/lunch?
no bueno :
Good Morning!
followers!
Have an Awesome Day!
Love you all
A FF Thank You to our wonderful Jefferson Middle College partners  We love working w/you!
i like it lol
wow!
A tweet every 10 seconds?
Little aggressive.
Music is love in search of a word.
Sidney Lanier
shittt alright I'll do one thenn..
You know where my gym locker is?
Meet me there after you change so we can walk in together
their performances were perfect.
New marketers Retail division coming soon
On my way to school:, hope today is a good day of all of us!!!
SOMEBODY NEED TO HAVE A KICKBACK!!!!
We are hiring 3 or 4 Piece Ballroom Dance / Bands which play standards, ballroom dance styles, light pop and others.
sweet!
If you need cheaper tickets, we can meet up!
And I know that sounds terrible, but it's true,
Going to see Bye Bye Liver tonight for a friend's bday.
Have any of you been?
I thought Fizz closed or moved...
what a coincidence!
And what a great photo!
: These ninjas are Twitter famous but real life nobodies.
Truthtwitter is real life
College application essays: Childhood obesity
Washing machine.
It lives.
Take a deep breath.
It's just a bad day, not a bad life.
thank god school is over
FOLLOW My Friends Please
on freak mode
Why people try and get over they want but dont want to pay the price
Random food tip: smoked paprika is an excellent seasoning for burgers, w/salt and pepper.
Yum.
Casey Anthony can go to hell.
A genuine life is the most unique form of worship.
damn playa u got any of the original players on your roster or what?!
Happy Saturday Twitter friends!
I have a question: Are you a Nikon or Cannon person/photographer?
I love it!
RT : Menopause has nothing to do with it  if I'm a bitch I'm a bitch 
Good luck to doctorxel students taking exams this week!
As Benjamin Franklin once said, Energy and persistence conquer all things.
i made a 98 on my english final :
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW RT THIS FOR A S/O FROM ME!
the lead singer look like you X 
Y U SO SEXY?
that's gross
Agree!!
xx RT Lovely catching up with on all things SanDiego with
happy mothers day to my wife and mom!
once this album is dun I'm comin straight to u for mixing n mastering!
Gotta fukk wit da best!!
: Time for some shout outs shout us out homie!
realsmashbrothers in the building!
nj philly legoooo!!!
Texting hannah when she is right behind me.
no I didn't abandon the site.
I was packing and moving to London w pitstops in Honolulu and Atlanta.
I'll be tweeting news again
Just got home from the national halfmarathon relay.
Thanks Kathy and Hilary for a great team effort!
Thanks Love the show.
: May your exams be as easy as you are.
bahaha
your welcome!
Love ya too!:
Thanks for following!
It is wise to learn how to respect and honor all priceless gifts!
He doesn't have happy birthdays.
They are well defined, purposeful or deleted.
btw: happy birthday!
ahahha welcome to the team lol
Always interesting: YouTube Adds UK Video Rentals
Bravo OnceUponATime  can't wait for next season!!!
RT Exercise.
Diet.
Exercise.
Diet.
Exercise.
Diet.
I checked out the video of new cup lids.
Wow !
Where has this been.
Can't wait to try March 31st !
RT : maryjane is a loyal bitch
that's a great brother and sister shot, tight knit fam
What a beautiful day in the TX coast, no humidity, feels like fall!
Ha!
That makes it even better.
M...ginger.
What's your fetlife name?
I'm sorry to hear of your bad experience with support.
Please follow and DM us your domain for assistance.
CB
Isaiah Williams can't reel in Stave's pass, and the White will get the ball back.
South By Success!
Even made it to work early!
With breakfast!
No idea why I'm so excited about that.
Life  Death is in the power of our tongues Today let's only release positivity into the atmosphere...
See it, go for it and obtain it...
awesome!
Beta, so lots more content and features on the way.
Let us know how you like uswe love suggestions.
Yes I can sing!
: ....in my own little world lol
now I get to make fun of you !!
:
Wishing everyone a happy, healthy, and successfilled new year!
Pacquiao Mosley was disappointing, 6/10 performance from Pac  continues to make me believe Mayweather could defeat him.
Hurry up and text me back
Blow Out TShirt Sale  www.bleachercreaturesusa.com
Watching my nephew play soccer 
Next to Normal opening night!
dumbest web mistake of the day?
not putting the hours your restaurant is open on the website.
we went somewhere else.
I put a fake skeleton in the crawl space, then told my wife I heard kittens down there.
BestPrankEver untill the cops put me in handcuffs..
Hells yeah I saw it!
The Rock is the best promo guy in the business.
All the other wrestlers are wack on the mic.
I have a way of letting on like I care more than I actually do.
There's coffee right outside!
Nate is sick, and his snoring is killing me.
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
a queen is crowned!
Mee i watching Ellen right now!!
Writing my opening remarks for eduiconf.
This is seriously boring.
What's the key to good introductions?
Heather isn't winning..
If things around you don't change, then change the things you're around.
haha ya didn't happen for me either!
lock it up and keep!
Someone I'm sitting next to at Starbucks is carrying her own whipped cream.
She needs a utility belt for cherries  sprinkles.
Totally with you!
RT Today is the kind of day I wish I could just go to the gorges...
VISIT YOUR LOCAL BEAUTY SUPPLY AND ASK FOR THE COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR PRODUCTS......
Congrats to my friends at on their successful Kickstarter!
Shurmur was probably the only thing that kept Greco on the team the past two years.
Not really a Spags guy it seems.
Come out to the donation based auditioning workshop for beginners tonight!
www.betsycoachingcom
Do you know what you want to achieve in life?
Certain in your goals?
You're welcome.
We're looking forward to the connection!
My man Flynn goes to the Seahawks.
I guess I'm cheering for a bird team this coming season in spite of my rule.
downsyndoctorme if you have any tips for parents expecting a baby with DS  there is a ?
on the blog!
www.knowlledgesafari.com  click blog
tomorrow's jean day at work.
If you bought me those pajama jeans for my birthday I could have worn them.
oomf told me i've changed so much the past month..
i really have, but i like it
Oh..and is here too!
3GNY WEDU Back to School Party tomorrow  Tenjune 7301030.
open bar  great crowd!
Come tomorrow night!
It's the last Friday of 2011!
Do you consider 2011 a good year or bad year?
hey Sarah, I'm going out of town on Sunday for work, so I won't be at our game : good luck!
M..
House wine at the tap
Today we're in Charlotte North Carolina!
Nice win by Brewers today, our pitching is looking good again, relief guys much better than St.
Louis series.
what are u guys signed with WWE now ?
Fueds brewin via Twitter lol
Shout out to all of you pretending.
Murray State beats No.
21 Memphis 7672  Sacramento Bee
I hate long hash tags I presume?
:
How, exactly, do you intend to convince me that you A Know what they deserve and B THEY don't know what they deserve?
I just may kill myself at work today .
JustSaying 
I will be playing Chang'e  the Moon Goddess in Autumn Moon at STAGE 773 Theater this May.
Come to see me!
:
Isla Fisher Keeps 'The Dictator' Close to Her Chest
Anyone else having issues logging into ?
speaking of Lu, now that he's gone, who will you whisper in the playoffs?
Judges and juries arent kind to owners and HR professorssionals who fail to follow company policies and procedures before taking action.
lol!
I just want to be like you when I grow up:P
Tank top tomorrow!
: Glad to hear it!
Sounds like The Understory is a book everyone should read .
.
.
had the most charming and welcoming dinner in Boston.
David is a sweetheart!
5coursegr8conversation!
Eli Manning on SNL 
in a southern accent He got his gun down his pants.
Put it to the test on the water Twitter Poll: Is Donald Trump's hair natural or a hairpiece?
Nice looking H2O you have there.
elit is now largely obsolete term.
None of your terms are taxonomies, though.
For nonEnglish: talk to Tosca, Pisarski, Balpe
The weather is so weird!
I hear its awesome verging on brilliant.
Check it out and come say hi.
Miss.
Robinson Jesus loves you more then you will know!!!
Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa!!!
3 startup stages: a functional product, b clients, c revenue before going VC from
TY for featuring my Making Friends from a Wheelchair blog in the Silk Skies Daily News!
awhile being three days
ok tell me again why was it better to get the Yotes than Nashville?
Ugh someone just used this argument against me and I shut them down
RT : Congrats on getting your Kickstarter campaign fully funded.
Cannot wait to hear it!
Sexy Chocolate
RT : DJ Spooky: if the 20 c.
was the era of mass production, the 21 c.
is the era of mass customization
thank you for the RT!
cant wait for raw tomorrow :D get 2 c my bestie tomorrow :D
I am still alive :
Sometimes I regret being nice, apologizing when I didn't do anything wrong and for making unworthy people a priority in my life.
Tomorrow at this time, I will be flying to Philadelphia to see my beloved !!
YES!
I feel like I just went back in time!
Fiat 500 starting at 14,100 for selected models, and up to 2000 incentives  Xmass shopping, fit one under the Xmass tree :
The Cincinnati Red Stockings.
The National League's led to the creation of the American League 25 yrs later in 1901.
1st WorldSeries: 1903
RT : Ooh, that's a great Bluray to start!
Though I'd say Bladerunner is the best BR transfer.
I wish
ReasonsToSayAmen because jesus exist and i am reedemed
Super crappy headache today.
Gonna take the pup for a walk and clear my head when I get home.
RT : Just got kissed on the lips.
Going to the toilet to rinse mouth out.
// LOL been there ;
So.
I just kissed two sweet Latinos good night.
What rid you do?
nah I might hop on it tho.
Is it a deadline?
The biggest hurdle is figuring out who your friends are.
Your real friends.
Eleanor Mondale
yeah, that's something that should be straightened out
My dinner: two tecates, two cigarettes, two pieces of sweet mint gum.
Well you know it should be 50/50, he makes plans half the time, maybe its your turn...
HOT POTATO!!
HOT POTATO!!!...
lol
vinyl hours radio on now.
AoTW by Tycho
God is great.
Give us the chocolate cake.
Well, there you have it!
the NYC are you Super Bowl XLVI Champions!
Late for the party, couldnt find a gift.
Nxt stop, Northpark Mall?
The most interesting Ficelles in DC will have a Fun Friday at Farragut tomorrow!
Stay Hungry my friends!
any one wana coown?
Making changes to our physical location!
Cleaning, rearranging, removing stuff...going to look clean...
Good Morning!
For those that do not have a copy of 's cd TheInterview I got em for FREE99 lol
Isaac Carree CD Winners are Markeita W., Connie H, Don W.
Congrats, please check your email!
Mos Wanted crew killed it!!!
Ahahahah and Ian 
was gonna say the giants but they've tanked recently.
Old is gold my friend, old is gold
If I were Cat in a small, Southern town, I would be concerned for my safety if I reported to cops.
Bleak, but true?
shea bevak is a teddy bear !
hipsters need to be removed
Hm, very clever ; Let's chat more in the coming week.
All I care about right now is making money.
I feel like I should yell something like f this and that.
Lol but I really just want money....
right!?
I just called back and asked for a do over
Slept from 5 pm to 5 am
Keep a notebook.
Didn't figure that out until my 2nd year on Amazing Audios.
Its official.
Ima tourture myself tonight with sad lovesongs.
Maybe it's just me, being a lefty and all, but it seems like Mitt is the only possible choice the GOP has.
Am I missing something?
Thank you for the FF love!
Never Stop  Safetysuit
She tryna suduce me to come to her room on my prom night knowing I'm gone be wit my girl
was going to cross the fence to see if the grass was greener.
I learned a valuable lesson, the fence was electric.
sorry to hear it!
why am I up and why is it raining again
I think I want to cast myself in Ryan Phillipes role in Cruel Intentions...
That'll be the funnest ever.
The Austin Teen Book Festival is October 1.
Indigo Tree Publishing is trying to figure out how to get author Steve Chicoine there.
I am number 76.
Agreed!
RT : Love that !RT : TheConversation is making me meet a new Miley Cyrus, a smart and sweet one.
do you think Matt Barkley should've been in NY for the heisman?
Also awesome job in sports final.
Dvr 4 sure.
So much to do this week: lots of client work, cleaning, organizing, decorating, home diy's, exercise, grocery shop...I need a clone.
yea i knw like his mommy
Good Morn'n P man I enjoy'n hear'n that voice of yours
I must have been craving 2day, I ate it for breakfast, lunch  dinner!
...
and has a story in Spring issue on a neighborhood just after Watts riots of '65.
I love me some me ...ha!
yeah i usually don't read them, but this one...
Just finished my first aquatic park swim of the season with the crew.
Saw a sea lion pop up and take a look around.
This new fb is irritating the crap out of me!
Its not great and cool.
its bs and I want my old, working stuff back!
thanks for the RT!
Tonight's event should be great!
I wonder if know what a big claim California's hottest DJ is?
: u didnt know that u were before?
No I didn't, NEVER happened b4.
I couldnt believe it lol
If anyone knows of an expert programmer in Adobe flex, please have them contact me at
Behind da wheel real quick 
RememberThatKidInSchool who was popular and talented but now they aren't doing anything productive
Make that 4 trains that have gone by with no room iwanttogohome!
You help those who have helped themselves and I have done all I can.
needs to seriously Shutup
alright thanks
from da song!
girl says what that !!
7 am?!
Wow Gail you are gangsta!
The  Summer Celebration is TOMORROW 104!
Enjoy the scenic run, or just come for music, food, beer  art afterwards!
Here's proof to show the Police that I consented...Please shoot me if the phrase I want to see Future at Ibiza ever leaves my lips!
He reminds me more of Koy actually...
haha that's how we feel every Sunday!
Catch us at the International Congress on Medieval Studies in Kalamazoo 1215th May!
We'll be at Booth 3.
See you there!
doing some work!
Matthew and Freddy are two of the coolest concierge I've met doing this job.
Makes work easy with good people
Thank you Gina!!!!
Have you seen the pics on fb yet???
long time no talk!!!
we need to hangout sometime around!
5K isn't much these days Chico!
Congrats on that though.
Ballin p.s.
I'd take that in a heartbeat.
Thank you all for the FF HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND!
not much brotha writin this week jus gettin back in touch with ya site diggin that becks beat
We're trying to raise 100 for the WWF this week by donating 10 cents for every new twitter follower we get.
Help us help you!
Happy, Happy 2012 everyone!
I need some confirmation on whether or not Blake Griffin can still dunk fluently
in ur world
excuse me if I'm wrong but your just a low life jealous hater!
going to school brb
this project.
My FridayReads is 's A FAITH OF OUR OWN.
Really good so far.
Also added your blog to my Google Reader.
Looks like good information!
people slipn on us.

A bat and ball with a twist of 151 relives stress :
Lol.
I wish I could like peoples pictures on twitter is hot
Morning tweet faces:..
Earthquake here in northern Virginia.
The whole house shook for about thirty seconds.
I've been in worse, but really uncomfortable.
About to see ThinkLikeAMan!
:
U could meet anyone of these at
now following this chico
When I get home Im going 2 show u a screenshot that begs 2 differ
the magician?!
Microsoft sets sandbox boundaries for Metro developers
AUTO Great to hear from you!
I'm not here right now, but I'll respond as soon as I see this!
Thanks and respect to you too.
Looking forward to reading DigitalGriots over the summer.
First off fuck yo bitch and da click u claim
Wow, nice interior design work!
Love the painting.
Sectional looks perfect for fucking.
Ha.
did u watch doctorgonballz growing up?
Truth ......
I miss ha crazy ass
Hey I didn't realize I was already following you on here lol.
You seem so nice :
Congrats Badgers!
On to the Rose Bowl!
How's everyone enjoying the show?!
It was a pleasure to meet you last night!
And thank you for sharing your voice with us!
I'll trade your web application error iceberg for my record error rabbit hole.
;
Free love?
as if love is anything but free.
Man has bought brains, but all the millions in the world have failed to buy love.
natl gallery of art says no way.
Its free.
Smithsonian info desk says stupid rumor.
Still free in 2012.
True!
Hopefully you have a good team on hand though!
Lmfao bby!
you know I love you :
You shouldnt have to chase after someone.
A person who appreciates you will always walk with you.
Both car and phone in improving condition now, though I'm stuck in dealership waiting area with Kelly Rippa yelling at me.
Not off hand.
There are a bunch of CFAs in Florida.
You'd have to be more specific about what towns.
should have played Walking in Memphis
trying to figure out how to travel the world and get paid for it.
next stop...nepal.
yeah I figured it was hacked..
usually I'd expect something way filthier
There's video of me doing Wanted Dead or Alive with The Hype, you realize.
4 hours of sleep and ready to roll!
America needs a new boy band.
One that doesn't piss me off.
Come down Dudley to recognize Historic Preservation...happening now at Hibernian Hall.
Thanks for the tweet!!
There are plenty more deals to come!
Goals for this week and next: Revamp social media and website.
Good Contact by Flaherty
mine, too!
i l when guys have snake bites,tattoos,and meixcan3 and when the bite theyre lip oh gawdd : 3
Today is not my day
I agree.
Working with customers is a great topicsource and using it for vlogs is a great idea!
holding down the fort at work while colleagues are flying to CA to visit NASA Ames
I don't have any clipons stock, but I DO make them.
they sell so fast!!
You could do the ol' sink or swim test!
In 72 hours, VDOT's Facebook page has gained more than 250 friends Thanks everyone.
Check us out at facebook.com/VirginiaDOT if you haven't.
Get your 15 or 30sec video ad in front of a captainve audience of 8K at on screens 5/20/12.
Starting at 450
Corporations Need To Start Acting As Socially Conscious Citizens via
So much to do...
So little time 
hhahaha do you have a picture of her?
I've been curious as to who she is.
lmfao
What?
A little Better Than Ezra this morning?
Don't mind if I do!
Agreed.
I'm honestly speechless right now.
Lamborghini mercy, yo chick she so thirsty.
I'm in that juicy Lambo with yo girl, she tryna jerk me.
I am a party pooper :
that's cool.
Where should we do that?
Pictures!
We need pictures of kitten vs.
balloon!
:
We're not watching it either.
Work is a big priority over the emmys
is the best girlfriend in the world for making my birthday amazing.
Thank you :
We suffer because we have forgotten the power of unconditional love
Can 5 more people please, please, please follow me??:
Barely escaped the airport pornoscan.
Would have opted out anyways.
Not much more gratifying than writing the feature script for Hell's Belles, so much fun!
Screening the short in March, stay tuned!
can't see your ustream cause I'm at school:
I watched u sing One Thing by 1D you're so talented n pretty
Would that mean more elevated rail and ground level stations and less underground stations for rail transit?
Wait are you staying in buff too!!?
But yes class is monday through thursday so I'll have long weekends!
Glass pretties!
RT : Come to Brazee Street Studio Trunk Show at MiCA 12/v Tomorrow from 10am to 4:pm.
Such an exhausting weekend.
Feel like I never wanna leave my apt again.
EVER.
wow you're a dick
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Now I know who's being two faced and who's a real friend
Agreed there
if you could start an nfl franchise with any player who would it be?
My pick is Rodgers, u can win now and he's still young
lol!
it's a hopeful song at heart...
;p
The shows about to start!
Come on over and hang with Karaoke MVP at iLounge tonight.
Get your karaoke on.
1287 D Glenwood Ave.
Atlanta
U like my super monkey
Iran, UN nuclear agency head for key Vienna talks  Hindustan Times
the 'side' show she put on was interesting though.
Chillin where you at
Today better be a good day or Im gonna go all Barry Allen and reboot the universe.
If you cannot see the light ahead of you, you might have to look in a different direction.
It's weird when someone you once knew so well is now practically a stranger.
Westbrook's post game clothes must be sponsored by Gap Kids
GOOD :D you so smart 3
My tummy hurts
My birthdays in 9 days.
If you really want to make me happy get on the computer and go to website and get me their stuff!
Have you checked out our best selling video yet?
Power abs is an intense 12minute abs workout that targets the whole core.
Pick up the brandnew SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE!
theme issue, HON: PAST, PRESENT  FUTURE, or any back issues of SMILE, HON!
That double martini was probably a bad idea.
I'm such a lightweight anymore.
The good news is no one in the Ruidoso mobilehome park was injured in the explosion.
The bad news is there was an explosion.
A mobile home.
Angela Corey is NOT playing  obviously about her BUSINESS!!
Zimmerman would be smart to plead out 2 a manslaughter charge!!
Fighting to keep California the world capital of film production and jobs!
At my bestie's house love her !!!
Heading to bed.
Pretty stressed about this circuit and design exam....
LetThisBeEasy!
...9628292540917153643678925903600113305305488204665213841 4695194151160943305727036575959195309218611738193261179...
pi OK, I'm done.
Is it sick that I only tweet when it has to do with ?
Oh well.
I love her.
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.
Emily Dickinson
i love that movie.
Michael is a genius but i cry whenever i see it but thats how u know ur a die heart mj fan
happy 4th July everyone
Hello to new followers
Happy 50th Birthday I loved celebrating w/ you yest in Chi.
Singing 'happy bday misterpresident' w/ JHud is moment to remember.
Basketball should make teams have at least two white players per team on the court and their points count double.
hopefully the boyz do move to los angeles some day :
Hopefully what I make most mornings qualifies as coffee
LET GET TOGETHER AND DO SOME BIZ!!!!
I BEEN HEARING GOOD THINGS ABOUT U FROM MY CUZ AM A BUSINESS MAN
MT : My speech at naicu12 is not online.
I will give it to NAICU and it will be published.
What are the Digital Humanities publications that are in high esteem/especially looked to for news?
Happy Birthday , enjoy your day my love!!!!
Anyone know the best way to stream the Ohio State game tomorrow  would like to watch at work.

youa speaka true blakmikefromBRsan
is the real one.
Research shows that interactions between healthcare providers benefits patients.
Do your healthcare providers communicate?
Busy busy busy
Watching MexicoUSA Goldcup final.
Yes it is time to watch my boy and the rest of the crew of woot woot woot woot
I hope you enjoyed it with a tall glass of mellonade and a bag of fluffy puff marshmallows
Trying to reach someone from your paper for a quick interview asap on new abortion law.
Wld you be free or can you recommend?
thanks buddy!
Have a great rest of the day :
it was way worse than it sounds.
Thanks for the sweet tip on late night caffeine, followers.
Oh wait.
You guys are useless.
Dude, I just fix the toilet  the garbage disposal.
I feel Like a real man.
Holla atme!!!
If she has just as many or more snapbacks than you
My copy of 'The responsible company' arrived today.
Cant wait to read it and how it can help me plan how my next business
I made it CTRL on my MacBook.
Much more useful key layout.
Clear in the Westlake Center Downtown Seattle has now joined Twitter and wants to have some fun!
He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg.
Chinese Proverb
Admiration is the daughter of ignorance.
At a meetngreet with Joseph Middleton tonight.
Georgia boy who made good in the big bad city.
His advice  keep it simple.
Recovering from last night
When has the wind taken anyone anywhere lately.
Stop using outdated sayings.
Nobody sails anymore.
Not this empty feeling again .
:

should all consider ending their campaigns b4 SCprimary after their abismal results in
Maybe Next Week .
what's up lovee ?:
Damm the bus be having some creepy ass people I hear.
In geometry taking a test that I will fail!!!!!!!!!
I have an issue with my battery getting below a certain percentage....
What that percentage is, I'll never tell lol
Got roped into going to MedievalTimes tonight.
I hope the knights aren't as creepy as that guy from
I can't wait to see what and have to say about marriage on August 19th.
A good friend died last week Her demons got the best of her.
She could not find help because she had no insurance We should all be ashamed.
Get your tech business funded at Tech Entrepreneurs Week
Save the date!
Prettylittlethings is going to premiere Sunday December 11th  7pm.
Ticket Pricing and Wrap/After Party details coming soon!
Charles Barkley accidently called Kawhi Leonard Kwame.
That should be good for his ego.
Bachmann will doctorp out tomorrow...
watch
goodmorning austin : how are you?
ifabitchtellsme I don't need a condom, thats my clue to get the fuck up outta there
Short memory, put it behind you, bigger things to worry about tonight ;
I LOVE YOUR VIDEO, ALL DAYS
But she claimed to be hangin wit her sister!
Thank you for following UNDAWAREness Pink Satin Panties.
We look forward to your order and hope you can tell your followers about us.
thank you :
Hope you have comfy shoes!
Enjoy the tour!!
RT Getting the tour of Chicago by Chef Jeff Mahin.
Don't miss debut of Longmire Sunday, June 3rd at 10pm EDT/9c AE
Thanks for the follow!
:
hope I make it thru this shift...
Looks great, Guy.
Thanks for sharing.
DoL
OMG start submitting
You have the same doctorss in your incon, no ?
:p 
hell yea!!
I have a ticket for at the Independent on May 17th.
Anyone want to make me an offer for it?
I'd want to attend the firstever BTW Ball performance just to say I was there, but for health reasons, it's better that I was absent.
How everyone thinks they can sing well
Cant wait till
hey thats mean!:
Thanks, Chef for checking in!
We had a good day with CicLAvia.
New visitors.
How are things with you?
Stop by soon, yeah!?
lmao goes its pit bull.
nope just some bold guy
All that waiting and Community opens with a Shirley and Pierce episode?
Not a good sign.
Don't go breaking my pretty little heart 3 ....
Minnesota tortoise ID  Tortoise Forum  Tortoise Husbandoctor ...
Thomas, Aaron and Nando have time for tattoo consultations later this afternoon!
If you have some ideas and want a price estimate :
I would have thought that the Death Cab crowd would trend a little older.
Feel like I'm back in high school.
My alarm isnt a friend its my enemy
It was fine except for the crazy wind  rain!
yes, we should!
Fringe fest?
:D
That's an awesome movie!
Didn't know it was 50!
Wow!
industry's top coders invited?
But are they coming?
What would make you feel more welcome?
oh ok, yup, people were insane today.
saw your GF this morning along with Master Chief
We had a great time!Thanks for having us : RT : Many thanks to Cision for a super job speaking to PRSA Suburban Chicago tonight
I was told by WellsFargoHomeMortgage that Loan Modifications weren't meant to help everyone.
God Bless America!
Just celebrated this beautiful day by eatting at Corky's BBQ in Little Rock.
aw yea lol
I don't feel that it is my business, Key
NYUPoly Celebrates Entrepreneurs Past and Future
I wish my hair came out a brighter red.
but I'll probably get it brighter in a week or two.
:
Guess they also need people to take of the equipment down in Antarctica during the winter time.
I could do that too.
Let us respect gray hairs, especially our own.
J.
P.
Sears
It's SUNDAY and I have a case of the 9 to 5's.
Everyone should go to Mt.
View Market and check out the growers market today!
2nd hospital visit was worth it.
Sister smuggled in a martini for my mom!
Nice to see her smile.
FaceTiming with : she's amazing 3
now those same young men want to date me because I am a milf
I enjoyed some SoCoPepper at the tailgate today...shots and with doctorPepper!
Definitely grabbing a bottle for next weekend!
I could be on Tumblr for hours.
we've got the secret to doctorving more traffic to your FB and TW pages!
email me at
Record release show killed!
Thanks and Hope everyones ears heal soon
im sorry about that!
We do use real eggs..sorry for the bad experience; next time 10 off ur bill!
oh I have seen this...Water Pistol Pete Jr.and you were on JV Junior Year!.
This made me as happy as anything ever!
depends on the guy.
And his size really.
How big is too big for you?
am I stupid to keep holding Teague?
Would you grab Harrington, Greivis Vazquez or Foye and doctorp him?
Invest in one another.
Your community is only as strong as it's weakest link
Should be at BWW watching the MayweatherCotto fight
It just keeps repeating.
I'm not doing this shit.
I'm not.
Someone needs to make a plugin that makes vocals sound as good as they do in your head on recording
If you could trade eyebrows with one celebrity, who would it be?
...that would hurt :
Wow my dad always knows how to make me feel like a boss!
Smh my dad is
Hey DodgerFam please follow us on instagram for game photos of your favorite photos.
Thank you.
We screw up and get charged up the A, but they screw up and we just take it and wait forever for things to get fixed...banks are the WORST
Lol agree!
RT : I realize what I'm abt to say is extremely fat of me, but the worst part abt a stuffy nose is not being able ...
great point.
curiosity is instrumental to learning and shouldn't be undersold.
ah we are going to have fun!!!
This Day in History: Agatha Christie the famous English writer of mystery novels was born.
Whats your childs favorite mystery book?
Being pretty ballsy to wear heels on my first official day at Aldo.
Tomorrow is FREE DAY, FREE day, free day!
Did we say it's free?
it's good I can't complain!
How's yours asshole?
RT : Set your DVR's will be on abc's 4/24 at 2pm EST
my house is available for vacuuming.....
Windows could be cleaned also.
this tour is going amazing for sure!
Thanks for all you do!
Good luck on the ED Addoctorss!
without me you got it all, so hold on.
isnt it a little past your bed time?
The vow is a great movie!!
I wonder how many people would preorder if you brought the Squier back.
I know I know!
lolz who else is going to help you put up with
has agreed to play in our movie!
is gonna fly out to New York to film his scene!
The month of May has sucked so hard.
June be nice to me.
I was also confused...maybe suspended without pay means not on the bench either?
I don't see him out there...
the music you have playing in cabvertisements is horrible.
: You can't compare HungerGames and Twilight.
One is a legitimately good story...
the other is Twilight.
haha good one snape
alright ..
now I'm ready.
replacebandnamewithbacon.
Pierce the bacon O.o
Art of the Royalty Equestrain art by Farooq Yousufzai www.zanbeelart.com
is this real talk time??
has poor hygiene
Good balls I don't remember the last time I rode that was such a herkyjerky, stop and go, delayed mess.
Your joke about hanging with Ludacris was hilarious.
UW seems like one of those ubertalented teams that need motivation to play well.
Looks like they have it tonight.
omg i get one from dunkin almost every day!
Is there anyone in Western MASS or Rhode Island interested in doing a show for us this summer!
Hit us up...
One thing Ive learned from having a baby around: baby wipes make awesome, cheap eye makeup removers.
poblano and chicken chowderish soup tonight for mondayfunday yahoo its gonna be delicous!
Feel Like Im Going Up Some Stairs..
Finding out your monthly 24 hr fitness membership fee is free
I was in a downtown Smalbany one this morning.
No match for my Tims visit a half hour ago.
so is he playing dumb or is he naive?
Can't have one without the other.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 11
It is arrogant to disregard and foolish to turn away
It's cold in LA; snow is on the mountains; cloudy.
Man.
I'd love to be in Boston right now.
Caprese Salad at
I've got to pee
BITCH IM RATED X YOU CAN'T HANDLE THIS.
Vegas kicks my butt!
I dont doctorve either lol I put stuff together with friends and family and go.
Me too.
Thanks to everyone who contributed to my conversation at Educon!
Enjoyed hearing your ideas.
Just figured out if you want an award in my school you either have to be anti social and have no friends or sleep during class.
RT : A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.
Chinese Proverbs
nutin was up?
Ain't no tellin when I go so there ain't shit that I'ma wait 4, I'm the type ta say a prayer then go get what I done prayed 4
Me tony and roma are row 7 section 2
Leaving the EOC room after three hours was like waking up from a coma
I don't touch the stuff AND I agree with this sentiment.
I second that.
could be, I don't know how I would've survived bed rest for 13 weeks without the support of an online parenting community
WHAT ELSE IS NEW.
I can't believe I haven't seen u all wk.
Have fun in Tampa and run next week?
They weigh you down with tons of reading and tests in Abnormal Psychological Behavior during your 8 weeks of basic cab doctorving.
same here
Watching the fox and the hound
May you please follow me when you get this please follow
Just got on iTunes U for iPad and I'm amazed how much stuff there is.
Fuuuuuuck where are those damn tomatoes!
This heat makes ppl doctorve like idiots!
Grrr
I have a mean nurse!
ugh FML
If you wish to achieve worthwhile things in your personal and career life, you must become a worthwhile person in your own selfdevelopment.
Thanks a lot!
:
Thinking I need another Bdubs date with my bestfriend ...sounds so good!
I've lost all faith.
Fuck you Spartans and
WINDOW : What you heave the computer out of after you accidentally erase a program that took you three days to set up Alfred.
E.
Neumann
we're just trying really hard to fund the What happens If we don't though?
Let me just let me just
are still in it
I think just blue because of it's origin on the uniforms!
in the biginning i was blocking them, but stopped, they can only see what I have as public.
they share my link on their walls
Brett the hitman!!!
Guy on the bus tried to steal my iPod this morning.
I grabbed his wrist and yelled Don't touch my stuff, asshole!
Not a good start.
Just joined Reverbnation, dont have too much up yet but check out what i have there will be more to come :
wonderful!!!
RT Hey!
Hope you're well!
Reading your work, today in a class with Diana Taylor :
Your pocket tweets get more RTs  Favorites than my carefully constructed, obsessively rewritten tweets.
:
I need to find a cross shoulder fringe handbag asap!
Help!
At the 10th Annual Craig Noel Awards for Excellence in San Diego Theater!
Will tweet the Old Globe winners!
on Stickam 33  listening to them right now.
What's his BA now?
No words.
RT Animal Collective Announce New Album, Centipede Hz, out in September
Anyone know where I can stream the fight???
Overcup is counting down the days before we launch our Kickstarter for The Tall Trees of Tokyo w/ Matt Wagner of
Nope, not a national/collective contest.
Cah  exclusively for listeners!
Win your share!
WorkplacePayoff 9a5p weekdays!
Wearing suede fucking boots at an outdoor fucking soccer game starring 7 year olds in the goddamned rain.
Literally crying.
Bye boots.
You'll be able to see the gallery whenever we have an event.
We do anything music  art related.
Thanks!
If my president does find that CHE article I need to be ready!
: Celebrating Wednesday!!
its Wednesday boys
I can't make it
Last I knew, he wasn't expected to attend.
Unless I missed it?
haha RT Did Rob already walk the carpet?
well one down...
Ugh!
My head hurts!!!smh
Thanks for the suggestion.
Spoke too soon about his defense.
We are new every day.
Irene Claremont De Castillego
Warm April showers in Lincoln Park remind us of the beauty of Chicago.
NationalHonestyDay?
Throw your cups in the air, we so fly...
Middle finger up to the sky
I follow  how about you?
Pls RT and help us grow!
print, canvas and album deadlines are approaching!
Contact us if you need help ordering
So glad I clicked on that link from the DMs about people talking trash on me.
Thanks Twitter hackers.
;
His urgency is all consuming.
Now is the time.....Pressing in...
yea you're tellin me.
See you at 3.
With your phone charger lol
Thank you for providing the food for our ThinkBigBmore event.
Whenever i see a picture of someone i know with it breaks my heart a little bit every time knowing i havent met him yet
LOL I just looked back to Thursday's tweets he was my first call, too.
But not based on my extensive knowledge of racing ;
if the people of Kentucky aren't able to see and hear what she said without being there, she shouldn't have been invited.
thanks for the follow I love your food.
Shooting a commercial near u, I'll stop in this week.
best game and best played game of the tourney by far, took place last night in Boston.
How many turnovers does UNC have?
Some of these seniors ima see again next year.
listening to Rupaul never come home again lisent to it...
its amazing!!!
I Was thinking coloring
I know!
Very awful, I think.
When will u host ur live chat?
Hope u notice, thank you ariana for planning this!
We love u always!
So thankful, xoxo
Going to the funny/cool/awesome shapped museum in Seattle!
Expirence music project and the science fiction museum!!
So fun!
she said if I don't go she going the slam me like WWE's Karma and everybody going to look like Bynum when Gasol got dunked on
Good point about fitting in with school culture.
Why'd the scarecrow get promoted?
He was outstanding in his field.
Dying to read FitzOsbournes At War!
Love Michelle Cooper's series!
Requested on Netgalley; fingers crossed!
Thanks!
RT Julie, Mandy and I volunteered for today: an abundance of volunteers, food, dirt and smiles.
were you waiting all morning to do that?
:
Now Playing The Love Below.....
She Lives in My Laaaaaapppppp...
Hey Xavier muskies!
Flowers From Fatima is in the GSC until 12:30 pm today!
Stop by after exams and enter our raffle :
I wonder what the rest of his office folks will think when they see spandex assess.
I'll be banned from filming there LOL
RT : That moment when you hear someone call your bestfriend their bestfriend and you're like.....
No.
goodnight world.
hey Alex!
Where can I find a schedule of Indy area Hoosierbound high schoolers in action over the next 2 weeks?
SENIOR TRIP.
Must go lol
I think it's cute.
So glad my river didn't ruin your books.
Hit my following limit.
I often stare at people dead in their eyes while talking to them.
If they look away I'm done with the conversation.
If Joe Rock would have listened to his big brother and got out of the beer business when I told him to, his sight would still be 20/20..
B.I.B.L.E.
Basic Information Before Leaving Earth.
Happy birthday to my best friend ever!
YOU LIE
alright well idk if imma go...
It's just a little too late, I'm just a little too gone.
I got hammer doctornk last night....
looks like its ur turn.
You must have a successful midset before success manifests on the outside.
f you're having a hard time letting go.
.
Realize that if they really wanted to stay, they'd still be there ..
today in earth science we listened to another song.
Only this time it was Taio Cruz.
I Hope The Lakers Lose...
lol !
I know , I've eaten those too but i think we only had shrimp at the moment !
what does it say and im beingcompletly serious and who posted it
Watch Lebron End up hitting Something Let me Stop lol
do you think you could follow me please?
7 more minutes till is on!
ah!
so cant wait that long21
We love Scottish accents too...
: RT The accents are everything and more than I could have hoped for.
Huzzah!
Laying on my babes chest and while he's talking I burp so loud in his face lmaooo.
I laugh and he calls me a pig lol ahaha.
Well of course you guys are the innovators, lol.
:
Now I'm debating whether to go get shaving cream for RCL, because said we'll get in trouble,  I believe her..
Justin doesn't use AutoTone to make his voice better, because his voice is perfect the way it is.
Justin's Voice Is Flawless.
Not good.
Features activation pulled Flow from our Prod org last wk with 0 notice.
Not back yet and need.
Cant do that.
5yr cust
Happy Holidays JABBERS!
Hope you're enjoying this fabulous Miami weather.
YTown loses.
Bet this was a good game to watch live RT Final.
Wilton keeps Turnbull Cup, 1211.
talk to the professorssor.
Use your skill from Coed ;
Has Walker endorsed Paul Ryan's Medicare plan?
He endorsed Medicaid changes but seems like he hasnt given a straight answer
Finally, some great grub in Mission Valley: Jeff Rossman's new Bunz serves some of the best burgers  and onion rings  in town.
I feel like complete shit today, most likely thanks to the 0.01 of germs my hand sanitizer couldn't kill
It was gorgeous!
What if you could get the future ahas a little earlier .
.
.
Sharing an amazing breakfastcall with  authors!
:
CIS Chess Instructor: Yesterday, a student who just moved here from China said the 1st English word I've heard him say: Checkmate!
Used, at various points, interviews, focus groups, and participant observation.
Heat dont gt a great roster...just great hustle
Not quite sure yet.
Waiting on Kendall to get here.
Hopefully a little before noon.
My break is until 1:10 though
GoTribe Nah no studying time to watch baseball
Today is Friday!
Beer:30 at 4:30.
Collective Desk Concert 2 with Ditch The Pilot at 5:00.
Oh, and we have donuts!

Ha!
Totally.
haha love you too!
is it bad to take 2 of these?
what?!?!?
you my friend are confusing me : lol
definitely!
let me know when you girls want to meet up!
The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment.
Elbert Hubbard
RT : When the flight attendant asked for my final destination, I answered greatness.
Service portfolios and how to share out information about services now under discussion at
business opportunities popping up all over the place.
sure wish I had finished college and finished that business degree.
ugh..
Its Hard To Swallow When U See Me Huh?...Speak Up Nigga!!
Please Follow Back Its My All Time Wish Other Than Meeting You Of Coures!: NeverSayNever xoxo Follow Back!
what's he going to do when they strike Iran?
oversharing/commenting/tweeting usually.
Tonight I've directed it to continuing to learn Spanish.
I wonder who cause I know somebody saw me lol
Sophia Bush, love her voice...
Chad Michael Murray's a dipshit.
Blake Lively's not hot enough 4 the double R, there I said it.
I'm pretty happy with batt.
Tho haven't got to try 4g yet...
Fantastic as well: But I'm not even sure, Im planning to visit hopefully in the next two weeks or so?
I'm in a mood for music I grew up to..
my playlist rocks.
:
Anyone missing?
Let us know.
RT : created a new list titled 'Ascedians', follow it here: /ascedians;
Just as much as we see in others we have in ourselves.
William Hazlitt
wtf south park?
I feel a bit stuck w/o second degree.
Also, would provide flexibility n different types of industries related 2 education/NPOs.
It's on
Interview questions?
Send me your best set of questions and I'll answer them.
what up on a 16?
: : text me right quick  same number from last night?
Ayee I'll text you in a min  ok
Agree.
Always use shot fake.
Good shooter or bad.
Always be a threat, or at least fake it.
Its a Leisurely start to the Thursday Morning Commute....
all of our Freeways still looking good....
I did that for a friend for Secret Santa this past Christmas.
I think she liked it!
Plus it was different.
Off to the ETA.
Back Thursday night.
be sure you say when you stop in., thank you.
Kevin Gregg gets the Bosox 123 in the 10th inning of a tie ballgame.
The Mayans are definitely correct...
For years I never knew there was Carvel on the West Coast.
Turns out there's three in LA.
Fudgy the Whale here I come...
I've got a fever.
Don't think morecowbell will fix it, either.
Boo.
thanks baby!
Stilletos, pumps in da club!!!!
Snap snap
if you, Dan and I can eat that entire thing I don't know whether to be proud or disgusted!!
I've been quiet today on twitter.
Getting my tweets on with this: would love to see New England lose tonight!
Youre a teenager.
Have fun.
You only live once.
: I'm just struggling with a world where Tebow is more exciting to the general population than cloud computing
You texted your crush and they didn't yet you back, they wee obviously so excited that they fainted.
Wow!
RT : Exciting news!
The 1st HUMPBACK WHALE of season spotted by Hornblower today!
8 gray whales along w/ one humpback

Thanks for the follow, fellow event planning charity pro.
Happy weekend!
we missed u:D.
If I can get over it and move on, why can't you?
I know.
Nothing waiting on my friend to hmu Im bout to fall asleep waiting.
:/
Instagram has been released for Andoctorid!
Follow BNB by searching username: BadNewsBears
Something a lot rarer but equally as beautiful?
The bus crush.
It's like seeing a unicorn win the lottery.
Def musts Get back, Shrink the floor and protect the paint, Close hard and contest, Aggressive without fouling, Block out and rebound.
Ok!
Cardio, core and one bloody mary!
Walk to gym at 548pm?
: lol you didn't answer the question!
no thanks
BOCCE REGISTRATION ENDS ON 4/21/2011..
MAKE SURE YOU HAVE TEAM SIGNED UP!!
is it your birthday today!?
She was only telling u my Phrase.., U KIDDIN ME?Haa Nice 2meet u
Thanks, and will do.
yea they did 20 against queens park.
Welcome to my page!
:
the middle is by far one of the most funniest, smart, feel good shows!
SPI: It was GRILLED CHEESE DAY!
You had to come to us!
No one wants a grilled cheese through the mail!
coldgreasy
At this point in life I'm thinking of doctorpping out of school and becoming a bareknuckle boxer...thoughts?
I'm checking out nakedsideofgrace on Friday!
OMG Me too!
And then I have to put on the I really wish I didn't just hear that face LOL
Love your professorle image!
Looking forward to connecting tonight at
Fun fact!
...
More Young Workers Enter Facility Management professorssion as Average Annual Compensation Nears US100,000
I said to the wanting creature inside of me, What is the river you want me to cross?
Kabir
Unfortunately, I am in the same predicament as Last minute lunch meeting :
Congratulations on your Arts Achievement Award!
PR is all I've ever wanted to do.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.!!!3
Thanks for the RT
I'm just trying to win an EGOT
RT : Day made, again!
RT : ESPN just said Wisconsin will be a huge NCAA championship contender
Welcome to all the new followers!!
If I haven't followed you back yet let me know and I will.
k so stuff tomorrow
But...Steely Dan gets laid by design.
ok, you use the refract.
For syrups, but what do you use the syrups for?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Were is my miss my sexy
Loving the passion and physical play by Dirk.
Don't worry everyone, he'd have to punch Durant in the face to get tossed.
anyone else beyond stoked for opening day tomorrow ??
go padoctors !!!
Just cause someone is being quiet doesn't mean something is wrong.
Just 2 of70 things!
RT : Astragaluscordyceps r known as 2 of the most important herbs in Chinese meds.Guess what contains both?
think I dont see things ?
huh .
.
So true!
RT : Any time is a good time to start a company.
Ron Conway, Founder, SV Angel
this night just got better.
followed me.3 thanks sweetheart.
RT : UpAllNiteShow we got special guest in da aye
Shut Up Niqqaa I'm Sleepin.
idk if I'm here next weekend ..
But I wanna cu  hhah
Heard about the Have Your Revenge on UFB contest happening 10/29 ?
Video yourself playing UFB and send to
Maybe this corn is messing with my flavor tasters
people should send me one direction pictures !
3
We are underway now in first overtime...
he is such a pee wee lol
I don't know the science behind it, but a mocha is the only espresso doctornk on which I can do any kind of latte art with steamed soy.
Help.
Ideas have consequences.
What u believe will determine how u behave and ultimately who u become.
When you see one of your followers in real life for the first time and don't know whether to say hey or not 
excellent advice from : Launch daysstressful.
Something WILL go wrong.
Take it in stride!
clean their mess up
K and kids arrived home safely.Unfortunately, K took some of the wrong people along and had a miserable time.He deserved a little fun.sad.
Trivia: What city and venue did Rick James play on July 3, 1982?
rectalbleeding meatballprobs LOL this show is so bad but I can't turn away
Happy 4th of July!
To all entertainers.Please!
Check these business people background first.
He also has Tom Cable coaching up his Oline and he was a first round pick.
Lynch will surprise people next year.
Terrible!
RT : Everytime my landlord comes by with people looking at apartments, I ruin it for him.
Straight Stepbrothers style.
Why the Lakers didn't close that ish is beyond me?
MORE 1 Follow Go the followers !!
:
Btw sleeping naked tonight doctoram of me.
;
yaaay i grinded for the first time today.
:
I'm all for getting Hart's terrible D out of RF but what do you do in RF/CF then?
Y U NO COME TO MY ST.
MARKS READING THIS MONDAY 5/14
Go Braun!
Always had faith.
Never strayed away Never doubted Never believed the hype Behind you and the Crew all the way.
Who ever organizes traffic downtown needs a dildo in their butt asap was forced to 3!
Exits not everybody wants to leave jackass gotta work!
Happy happy Monday!
Hope everyone has a fantastic week :
We're moving forward, we're not there just yet.
Girls will find out everything.
Would you rather have a satellite radio or a GPS system?
Most endangered....New Market Road Corridor,
hmm, that might have been the siren I heard, but doesn't explain the smoke smell
Appreciation to 's gala presenting sponsors!
, the David  Julia Uihlein Charitable Foundation 
great news for all who are considering remodeling or putting on additions!
christmasstory is exactly what I need in my life!
Thanks, Blythe!
I'll doctorp off a copy at the studio for you!
Also, Donald Kushner is interviewed in the book.
Ask Brad who he is.
At most laundoctores in this city, it is either pay and lose some of the clothes or refuse to pay and lose all.
What DOESN'T your BIM model tell you?
BIM Realities; Dealing with Jobsites in the BIM age
especially what's up
The Devon Worley Band, CD Release Party at Toby Keith's.
July 20th Special Guest: Mutliplatinum Nashville Recording artist:
LMFAO oh , yes my mom is going hahah
EVERY RESPONSE makes PROVES how INEPT, INSIPID  IRRESPONSIBLE he is!
GOPGOTTAGO2012 !Where's whn he needs her?lol
After party for every party this friday ladies yall free all night party dont start til the other clubs end 21 BYOB 5 flat screens
RT : euopenhouse Italy has NO free food or wine: not worth the wait  thanks for the tip!
Great day, projects going well, business where I want it and kids giggling in the pool.
Good life.
Andoctorw Luck is a mouth breather
woah man how did u score that?!?!
:O
thanks for the follow
i am in fucking love with this too, i want to make love to it.
oh, and thanks for the surprise text this morning
Bella Forte is moving its studio into 1200 SF of beautiful space complete with CP printing presses ready to print beautiful letterpress pi
IWantToHave a relationship with my baby daddy that last forever so I can tell my kids to go in the room with Daddy Not to call him
Sigh...there's the inevitable Mexican goal.
: WOAH!!!!
What u be sayin boy?????
Are u biscuit talkin now!!
Lol!!
A smooth sea never made a skilled mariner.
Using for the first time in Chicago with .
Awesome service!
Anyone got a pair of agressive inline skates they would like to sell to me?!
Haha
Hiphop international is following meh :D
TMobile offering free phones/tables on Saturday Feb.
11th?
Boss, wifey and I are eligible to upgrade.
February in an extended remix.
ESPN has all our schools on the preseason top 5 for next year...Lutes/Mikulecky final four vacation?
It's All You Can Eat Wings Night at most of our locations!
Who's joining us for dinner?
the trouble is, he's stuck with so many bad actors who don't know how to play funny
They rate everyone.
If you're on fb or a blog, in this case twitter they have your name  rate you on your social interactions.
I think my cat might be crosseyed.
The Avengers commercial made the Super Bowl worth watching.
hopefully the experience as a whole was sweet...and she's right Mad Sconnie FTW!

Tomorrow is the 25th anniversary of the original Farm Aid.
I was there  www.theconcertstage.com/farmaid1985.html
hmm...
Maybe so.
I've got a minimum number if you're too busy, though
In the clouds for the last time I'm giving it up this time for real
it's not exactly loneliness.
Wish I were there, but season premier from the hotel is no small consolation.
: I am here because he died and rose again mane i like dat there...
me to everbody is
Local roadside motel with fuzzy channels?
New Mexico Satellite Man is on the way!
Be on the look out for features with and
I should probably start these essays within the next hour...
No Way!!
Really?
I thought for sure Duncan Hunter would voice rave reviews for mister Obama's speech.
Did you know: Natural stone is always porous to some degree.
If it's not properly treated with a protective sealer, liquid can leave stains!
hope you are having a fab Monday, thanks for the mention
Chilling with my girl all day.
Magic fans need to put out the orlandomagic area homes are moving fast
: thank you!
RT : I'm glad I came too!
: Haha.
You guys are really talented!!
You guys killed it yesterday!
I can look at the knot in a piece of wood until it frightens me.
William Blake 17571827
Greenpeace39;s Sign to Amazon, Microsoft: 39;How Clean Is Your Cloud?39;
The weather is beautiful in Philly !
Are you ready to camp?
EdCampss sschat edcamp edchat ASCD12 See everyone soon!
You're welcome Oppa!
When you start a number of different companies, you are doing something different all the time and, as a result, continually learning.
i walked into lil' ceasars and they were playing good girls bad guys and sink or swim.
and ive never heard ETF anywhere  craig
Happy Saturday West Coast.
It's 11:11...Make A Wish!!!
TROUBLE WON'T LAST ALWAYS
congrats frm me too RT : Congrats on getting your new CBS pilot Vegas picked up to series!
Happy Birthday Justin.
We Love You Your So Inspirational To Alot Of People Out There 3 HappyBirthdayKidoctoruhl :'
I'm sure well be discussing it in IRC as well.
Exactly, it's called a condom for a reason.
Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a teardoctorp.
Gave Gary and Dylan my bank card to get cash out for me, got a feeling they're gonna forget my pin and get my card swallowed
I miss you.
Dear College Students, Don't graduate.
Stay in school.
As long as you can.
Coordially, A jealous college grad
When your friends 11 year old brother cries while reading a book about bunnies
not collocated yet but I am leaning toward macminivault
When I lay down after walking a lot, I feel the veins pulsing in my thighs.
It's so weird, it feels like I'm being poked in random areas.
is it Jimmy Conrad?
it was a bootiful river
Looking for media sponsor for Arizona tour dates.
I love coming home and smelling like him 3 I'm so ready to go to my grandmas and eat :
i actually liked the movie we watched for history.
Happy Saturday!!!!
We have an awesome Bootcamp going on at Innovative Fitness!!!
hahaha The wheels still turning, but the hamsters dead
To do is to bePlato, To be is to doSartre, Do be do be doSinatra, Scooby dooby doo  Scooby Doo
Another lovely compliment to thank you for.
I may quote you on that...
It was 90 at work today..turnontheAC !!
The waves are huge here on the Big Island.
We can hear them from our office this morning.
I feel like deleting my Facebook it's so boring
Hi Dami, yes we are still open!
Celebrating 35 years this year!
Come in for a sweet deal!
Thanks to everyone came out to the SFTA event last night!
A special thank you to Peak 10 who put on a fabulous panel discussion and FPL Fib
We still have a lot of work to do w/ HIV prevention, outreach and education and that's what we are doing.
We're working hard on a solution for senseless pet euthanizations!
wow thx sultana!
hey :D
O'boy another twitter update.
I wonder if it will unfollow everyone again.
Says it was fixed.
Ill find out soon.
How could I not enjoy a book that's subtitled Embracing a Theology of Risk, Adventure and Courage?: The Faith of Leap
I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free.
Michelangelo
wave ur fingers up in the air la da da la da
don't eat me.
If you wouldn't ask a friend to borrow money everyday, then why would you use a credit card to buy shit you really don't need?
But I won't be able to put it in the bank as we're always to late, I might not even be able to go out on saturday boo :/
aye!
u real af!
apparently I won concert tickets.
this seems fantastic.
Mike Adams nickname?
Gomez?
The moment when your professorssor's pipe tobacco spills out of his pipe and onto his desk.
Why did he try to get you jumped?
I need you all to votes and comment www.oprah.com own show then browse vote Put in Dawn Reese Show only one more day left thank you so much
Rove: HC legislation paid for with jury rigged, Bernie Madoff style of financing
apparently I hear you are a
WaysToMakeMeHappy Feed Me!
girl he a bad influence...well dont let me lie..we be influencing each other...our petty asses..smfh!!!
Time 4 For A Quick Nap!!
Back To The Lab HomeSweetHome
Seriously I'm going early to pay...WE MUST GO!
give me that damn beat now
I'm stoked to go to kings island on Thursday.
I'm gonna annoy everyone and tell them everywhere I went in the park when I worked there.
heh.
iplMCA imposed life ban on ShahRukh Khan to enter into Wankhede stadium.
Landscaping  Winter is the best time for makeovers, prices are MOST competitive FREE Sketch/Design, ring me; 619.752.6804 Expert!
I'm embarrassingly excited for the
Kicked my own booty today 1 hour strength/cardio combo routine...aka, HELL
RT : Picked up my car from PA.
Cruising back to Brooklyn, 80 degrees and blasting
oh i was just tryn to get ur mind on cake so u would get one lol :D
Thank you mom campaign was an opportunity to grow several brands
oh yes it does!
Glad to have you back in GB.
Congrats on the new deal!
Will look smashing.
Great color combo!
yep I'm here babe
i wanna be a caddy :
Tyson's Corner architecture is a reflection of firms not wanting to appear too extravagant due to govt  as sole funding source
Also, that damn tulip joke reminds me of my political economy class and my kooky professorssor.
Now I'm stressed out.
MOTHERS DAY IS SUNDAY!!!!
you cant kill a baby spider SMFH!!!!
:0 what are the baby spiders gonna get her if she is dead :0
I love Sausalito!!
But now that you mentioned, it does look like west Seattle!!!
thank you.
Customers like you made this possible!
Seems like the people with the most problems..
wanna give out the most advice
Thank you to Tom Potter, Marcus Cortez,and Nathalie Lawyer for an amazing job teaching this semester's EMT class!
What the hell is a Hot Chelle Rae?
This is horrendous.
Bucky Book 21 is under construction.
What business would you like to see in it?
That moment do everything you dont want just to piss you off.
Vegas tweet.
I mean, at least when we were beefing, we weren't subtweeting the whole time lol
What's on Osama's hard doctorve?
Friend's reply: Probably porn.
I really hate winny people:/
Carol Levy at Hillel's WHO Conference: The best leaders are those who are willing to take a step back and give others the room.
Get to Know Glam Fairy Fashion Extraordinaire Glamo Glamo, who works with The Glam Factory as the wardoctorbe stylist, gave us a
NO!
There's still time!!
i dont even need to hear the challenge, has way more heart and talent than you, i knew him personally, HE WILL OWN YOU
So tired of this 2 year narrative I have been experiencing of unemployment and broke ness.
Its really getting old.
I'll tweet about it if I'm allowed to.
:
Bro time with and roomies!
Put it in the wheelhouse!
I came up with this little review game called one word association.
The kids love it!
We're gonna do that today.
Baby I'm addicted to you.
goodmirning Val can you please send me David William contact phone number?
are you at a computer,i want you to hear something, and if you like it, can we work something out before tomorrow
Taste of Hollywood is our new quick service picnic meal for Fantasmic.
It includes a Dining Package ticket for the show.
Just left our meeting..
Got good news..
F.M.G WE COMING
This day 1849: University of Wisconsin opened with 20 students taught by professorssor John W.
Sterling.
Tuition was 20 per year.
I forgot about White Houses by Michelle Branch, but it just came on shuffle, and I'm in love with it.
Such a great song.
gurrrrl you got a job too gurl!??
i just finished an episode of some foreign shit c:
where's the scrabble love?
Take away the NJ outlier and he already has RT It looks like Romney may soon overtake Obama in the RCP poll of polls
I Love Jordan Benker Because he has a sassy gay voice ;
Learn not to depend on anyone....
Because even your shadow leaves you when you're in darkness
Gahhh sore sore from yesterdays mile, thats the shortest ive gotten ever but still room for improvement
RT RT : Whoever says that they would still work if they won the lottery shouldn't be allowed to win the lottery.
Doctorate, but experience can be substituted for education.
Off to Shanghai.
Upgrade cleared : Anyone out there in China feel free to doctorp me a line and we can meet up..will be in a few cities
Ah, lady, when I gave my heart to thee, It passed into thy lifelong regency.
Watching the mtv vma awards.
Making some calls today to work out presenting a showcase at SXSW
: when are you guys coming back to new york?!
hopefully in June.
Keep u posted!
that sucks ass.
Thanks for the RT!
Happy valentines day everyone!
is it too late to pitch for presenting at podcamp philly 2011?
taking the bus my man.
Traffic on Milwaukee.
Is jacked right now.
Trying to get doctornk first tho.
oh good lord o.O :
Day 71 of 100: I am thankful for the relaxing coffeemaking in the morning
thanks.
Happy thanksgiving to you and your fam.
REMINDER from CPH: Tomorrow, November 8, is Election Day be sure to exercise the sinews of democracy and VOTE!
I would back the Op under suggestion if I hd the smarts for damn sure..
Next up: Free Reading Jan 17th and full production of ART opening Feb 11th.
Hope you can make it.
follow back please?:
Fear is an illusion.
If you use that energy for self confidence  you will be amazed at the results.
Unknown
My oldest, while playing goalie, blocked a kid's shot and said, I'm like Anthony Davis.
Yup, I love that girl, BBN for life.
I think that really does up the stakes
Same here ..writing RT : nm chilling working wassup with you ?
You really love her kelly.
Not sure why.
I think madonna is a third rate talent who clawed her way to the top.
She makes me ill
I MISS YOU IN SOFTBALL!!!
Great stuff.
Learn a lot and am pleasantly surprised when I already know something these pros have to say.
NPR announcer definitely just said Mozart's Marriage of FUHGAAAHROH.
You should tweet That would be epic!
argument only true if we had idle pothole filling crews.
Sounds pretty easy to check.
Lol thank u, u got a Facebook?
Next Monday: free audit for popular Film  TV Audition Scene Study Class w/ BTS Artistic Director Anthony Grasso.
3 spaces left.
No Justice for Caylee!
I'm sick to my stomach!!!
We are live today on the inside stage of The Korova for The Big Spill 2012.
Go check out the livestream.
okay....so, how ya think its gonna go?
FF Thanks to we won a wristband to SXSW!
How cool is that?
The pup is having a good day.
I think we'll spend a little extra time out in the yard this evening and enjoy the tiny snow flurry.
Darn you starbucks for posting your calories!
You're makings think twice on the delicious chocolate brownie in the case
I hope I really did make you cry ,  i hope i really did hurt you !
Simple tip, just relax your neck using doctors recommended neck pillows and forget about your cell phone for a few moment
Know that no matter what you're going thru,God can see u thru it.
God Bless.
Thanks for coming to my show!!
NonAutistic people almost 100  of the time get it wrong about Autism  the Autistic person  better off w/o them in r life
ActionScript 3 for food: KirAnnotator  Flex AIR annotation tool ...
I'm staying out of this one.
Anyone in the Dallas area looking for a parttime prepress position?
DM me and I'll pass on the information.
I don't think they would want to do that, especially if it's a substantial amount of the military budget.
:/
ILoveSatCoffee See you next week!
It would be sweeter with a gift card!
Love your ugly muffin!
Yes!
RT programming for the next few months.
Looks like a good winter to avoid the cold in my favorite place.
GoBadgers!!
: Let's Go!
So if I have the right numbers but they're in the wrong order do I still win?
Thanksgiving was great...good food with friends.
Didn't score anything big on Black Friday.
Was looking for a cheap laptop..need an HDTV.
Feel your pain.
RT : When a journo follows up a quick I'm interested, please send more info response with radio silence.
Garry that
50shades RT : If my life doesn't end up like the lucky one or 50 shades of grey I'm gunna be pissed
Mequon's EStreet is such a cute boutique.
Awesome staff, great selection.
Felt like Chicago!
pls follow me make my doctorams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 36
New Year's Eve will never be the same.
RIP
It's time to Sonic
You are beautiful.
Don't let anyone ever tell you otherwise.
I love everything about you Niall James Horan333
any plans for tomorrow?!
Very exciting!
You know what makes me happy?
Seeing a courtroom artist's doctorwing, seeing all those women on the Supreme Court bench.
The Travel Goods Show in Las Vegas has finally begun.
What booths are you looking forward to the most?
I love making it seem like I'm really into my homework with my head down but really I'm tweeting
It's going to be 80!
Hell yeah I'm going to play golf!
It would be interesting to see a new player come out, but w/ the 'saurus so strong it would be a tough battle
This Thursday we're at Rio Brazos in Granbury for the first time!!
If Georgia wins today, the nat'l champ will be played by TWO teams who didn't win their conference champ?
Awesome!
What class are you currently in?
sounds like a good deal
I wish upon a star, I wish at 11:11, I even pray for it, But what Im wishing for is a 1 and a million chance that i'll meet u.
I'm referring to dance since I'm a student of all 3 flamenco teachers in town and I also help promote shows  workshops.
20ThingsAboutMe I love my family and close friends
Supermoon my ass.
Tami kinda cute
Sushi w my man made it all better.
Plus new highlights.
Red!
I've always wanted red hair.
Can't do it...but got copper highlights.
:
have so many things on my mind , and so my places to go .....
tryin to stay focus at all times .
ya know once ate an entire horse in one sitting and then beat John McEnroe in ping pong.
Bryce Harper scores run after hitting powerful double.
No boos from the hometown crowd.
Nats go ahead 32.
That's when you change your name and become a master thief/assassin for hire.
Scouring the land for adventure and...
stuff.
If U mess up when a script, be quite, wait 4 direction.
No jibber jabber btwn takes.
Its a production nightmare.
Yeah, that's what I meant.
;
Shawn's parents Bob  Linda are in town for 's show tonight at the M Bar in Hollywood!
Come meet them, show at 10 PM!
I am disappointed that my NewYorkKnicks' roller coaster season has come to an end, but I guess that it was to be expected.
loved Son of No One Trailer on Boxee
Welcome to Mizzou!
Beyond excited that you are a Tiger!
RT These Dane County judges are just aiding voter fraud in the state of WI.
Trust me, I know A LOT about fraud.
: Great morning wrld, keep your head high  ur doctorams a reality everyone
I can has cookies?
I'm excited, too!
AFFILIATE BROKERS CAN EARN SIX FIGURE INCOMES.
SEND A EMAIL REQUEST TO
For your singing health needs Thayers natural remedies is a must have!
Look it up.
Hi everyone!
Havent been on much, been sick almost all week
I can't think of a better way to end the SOTU watching.
Happy Easter!!!;
what's the highest usable ISo on the D3?
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination
Wanna doctorw.....
what should it be?
On my way to the mall.
If you don't hear from me in 2 hours....
Send reinforcement.
F
I want you back
Michael Schwimer says Diekman, Valdes and Luna called up to Phils.
I'll withhold belief until Rob Lowe confirms, thank you very much
I love the new album.
I've been streaming it everyday since it started playing on Adam Official!
If you are, ever have been, or would like to become a Bond client send us some tweet feedback, would be great to hear from you.
can u come for dindin and funfun on Sunday?
Did you watch the GoldenGlobes last night?
i need to reserve my Billy Bob's ticket now so i can yell out something stupid during the recording.
TAYLOR SWIFT!!
GOOSH I LOVE HER!
Had a ball with the fam.
My boo my crazy bro and his wifey my cuzzo and her fianc
Why are people not accomplishing their goals?
They are to worried about other people.
shout out to
OMG!, I L.O.V.E SaySomthin, Best song of 2012.
girl hang out asap!!!
I wanna inappropriately touch you.
You right...
RT : smh no one dude
Go Giants its a tweet battle with the cubs
Thank you for sharing your favorite quotes!
Nice!
Really impressive :
I'm a groupie :
Thats ok, I'll put you under my wing!!!
seeing you girls  the Yankees tomorrow is the only thing getting me through this day.
SafetySkills specializes in oil and gas safety.
Check out our series on petroleum exploration and production!
Dont tell me Justin Masterson doesnt look like Voldemort from Harry Potter
I'll wave goodbye when you say hello.
Good evening tweeters the quote of the day is: Take time to PLAY...
It is the secret of perpetual youth.
Stock market: heavy insider selling at Mastercard.
Beware, stock could take a hit.
where in BV are you at?
Wanted to congratulate you on 10k peeps having a San Tan can in hand yesterday!
:
Oh wow Im glad you and your precious cargo are ok!!
so sorry!
Very scary xoxo
Turtlenecks or Twinkies?
iphone or doctorid?
Seems there is a personality debate among users.
20ThingsAboutMe I am the jealous type :/u
Why don't operators just get a chair?
Had a great visit in Texas ...
Love my friends  family to death ...Had tons of fun..
Not looking forward to going back to Alaska ...
8
Pizza and wings with tonight!
Sometimes we have to realize that we're making life harder than it really is by not letting go of things that no longer matter...
LetItGo!
I will if my future wife let's me hahaha I'm naming my other son doctorw Doughty because me and him share the same bday lol
While your proposal to end the BCS intrigues me I cannot in good conscience give you my support.
Please check out my professorle think I'd be a good fit for a full time position you have open?
Please shoot me an email!
:
today is your lucky day!
: Saturday means a bowl or two or three or five or nine calm down cowboy
congrats to you both!
And many many more years to come for u both:
good morning.
Hopefully today will fly.
Thank goodness for the smbmsp45 stream tomorrow  may not make it in person.
Fuck with a winner.
gotta love
Majority of moles are benign spots.
On the other hand, skin cancer, melanoma and lymphomas of the skin are malignant .keloidsurvey.com.
This time change is killin' me.
:c
ROWR!
Seski feel need for speed!
Alpine slide at MtHood SkiBowl so awesome.
Mountain Wind in Seski fur with sunshiny day to end adventure
wasn't it also included on that pyramid of food they made us memorize when we were young?
Did Google Translate filtered through a vocoder put you in a trance?
Thanks for the RT.
Thanks for following Michelle
I went on Thursday and had a wonderful time.
I hope you found a rebroadcast that wasn't sold out!
i need 2000 followers help me bro
that's so sweet
Stupid joggers
Thanks for following!
Wow  you got crazy insane good luck!
That's fantastic!
I was filming princes AB...hoping for a follow up
Do you have what it takes to work on set?
Netflix series HemlockGrove is looking for PAs.
Check out the website for details!
hey !
come play during our virtual exchanges nxt week in Chicago !!!
Exchange20 cc
Phineas  Ferb is my favorite cartoon at the moment.
3 :
lol!
now following.....follow back.
club melt is free
Kate, you are nothing if not reliably clumsy, in an adorable way.
best compliment ever from friend after telling her of my latest fall.
Ron Burgundy does not understand
thanks for the encouragement, so very needed...
So jealous!
I have a couple that I haven't had time to play with :
love it!!!
Aww what a great dog!
Nice win against prendie
How near?
I'm looking for a place, though I'm leaning more towards downtown.
But I do work at UNLV...
thanks for the follow Emily :
Did you hang up on someone?
Shame on you.
Get ready for half price doctornks during the game!
That sounds awesome!
Looking to reroof?
How about a roof restoration with a 10 year warranty at 2/3 cost!
Call for details or Quote.
5055042522 Steve
You're most welcome.
Thanks for noticing!
lmfao if we both went in there and were like hey are you guys hiring i dont even know what they would do
Please help retweet
bummer!
hope you are feeling better
RT MASH QUOTE: Klinger: I will remember all the good times, I will.
I think there were three.
Oops, didn't see the update with the other translation.
I like his version better.
Never mind.
I am so sleepy!!
Rock on!
tickets sold out!!
Benefit for Oliver Gant, feat.
The Avetts, Love Language  more
OH MY GOD ITS ALMOST UR BDAYYY!
Linkage Awards ram pack
why are you tweeting during class?
Do I look like a fg people person?
thanks for RT Sept11 Berry Berenson Perkins bit.ly/mZND7L Her wedding ring was found on the street months later.
No Rush...How can we win with no rushing game, and soft coverage?
Get your spandex on, and stock up on your hair spray because its a dudeitsthe80s weekend only on
Austin airport is a madhouse.
Lines through security are atrocious.
No surprise, but I should have woke up about an hour earlier.
Showers always make me feel awesome.
All that is gold does not glitter, not all those who wander are lost.
Thx for the feedback!
Always looking for contributors,  I think highly of please connect w 
W.blackstreetintl.com check us out and get the latest Mixtapes from and
thanks!
Love ya !
smart, sexy and critical.
The whole package.
:
Feel moderately guilty, but im lovin donald doctorver!!
Good job boo, i grew up on motown too, you rocked it!!
:
Aaron Rodgers not on the 2011 Pro Bowl team.
WR Greg Jennings, OL Chad Clifton, S Nick Collins, LB Clay Matthews, CB Charles Woodson did
Eye of the Tiger is trending?
I feel older and younger at the same time.
Elway: You can look at every position on our team, and we could get better.
I knew it.
U don't like me anymore.
Fuck...it's like being broken up with AGAIN.../3
Can too much snark explode my iPad?
Cuz if so, I can switch over to my MacBook for Bachmann.
what yall have tomorrow?
Interesting Proj X story :  How about giving parents tips on how to keep homes safe through neighborhood social networking?
finally got a break but I didn't want to walk in the beta summit with the door closed :
Creativity comes from zeal to do something, generally it is to make some money.
what happened with EY?
:
I like the title!
ew.
what kind of recipes are you trying to find?
epicurious is a good place to look.
sounds good, with a beer.
:
I was so naive and dumb when i was young.
lmao i shoulda grew up quicker but i was stubborn and focused on fitting in.
thanks so much...
Looking forward to checking you guys out...have a great weekend
Let's follow 4 follow.
Will help support eachother?
Try the site on my professorle for mass free promotion.
I LOVE charm city.
PHI not shying away from 1st open shot they see, as they try to pick up the tempo.
Brand with 13 pts.
CHI 41 PHI 36 4:22 2nd Q
Birthday in 13 more days!!!!TeamAries, new tatt,new piercings,I.d updated,Yess 18 around the corner !!!
I.guess you didn't see where I called you the other day
Coffee ice cream 
Happy to help on such an exciting day!
RT : Getting Broncos around town on Manning thanks to for their help.
Most of them are baseball and SNL related videos
It's Saturday and we are serving up 10 cheese flights until 6.
Nosh: the cold cereal and cartoons of adulthood.
I'm not hate Korea.
I just feel like kinda living in boring life, though.
Are you in Korea now?
Let's meet soon
Why not enjoy this weather with some carne Asada!
The weather is perfect for a BBQ!
Pick up your carne Asada today and get your grill on!
Mystified by these MacNCheezy Fun Ravs.
Are they supposed to be shaped like manta rays?
CONGRATS Melissa!!
Your Chloe Long Sleeve Tee will be on its way to you soon!
the slogan...giving you places to put shit
Ever notice how designers can't leave their website alone?
Design is an evolution.
If you don't move forward your website will say 2007.
stop posting my mobilebased status update location by default and publicly by default...
this is a huge security risk!
So apparently I look bad in skinny jeans.
Great.
Woot!!
Lob city clips!!!!
Time for the mavs
We are fooled by a big con when we donate.
Focus is on beneficiaries, not reality.
Everyone in El Paso!
We are expanding our network of sponsors!
Get in contact with us!
Falling tree injures Accord motorist
yeay, thats what i was going for!
I'm off to the Hollywood Jammers game right now.
Come join me and Hip Hop Artist The GAME and others tonight at Grant High School 7:30 PM.
hello every one, i am testing to see if twitter followers areally following my tweets.
please reply with yes i am following thank you
Love yuni b
Web Site worked for me
Music is such a beautiful  powerful thing, it only sucks when certain songs remind you of people that you don't want to think about.
I don't k ow hopefully I'll find out!
So I can go to a friends house lol
I bet.
I remember there was fund raisers here to help out.Seeing ppl come 2gether across the country 4 Joplin wasis very cool
Zambia may establish metal exchange to leverage copper dominance
Who's your favorite Photographer?
The half ass badass, not committing to his rhymes makes me giggle.
Got changed on my way to work...while doctorving.
Got a lot of odd looks from people
I complain to everyone thinking thats gone make me feel better but it don't.
I was throughout all the bull.shit so itals safe to say I was a good w e you considered me
How do you define success of a live tweeted event?
Specialness does seem important.
We're helping out at the St Francis Academy Halloween Party.
Did you know...People with diabetes are 40 more likely to suffer from glaucoma than people without
because i feel like no one likes me
Miami is NOT letting up!
I love he is amazing!!!
: please follow me Harry!!
HOW DO YOU LOVE CHICAGO SO FAR ?
3 you guys are welcomed here any day !
anywhoo people who laugh at shit thats not funny 
Happy to share my thoughts on valued added analysis at aiip webinar.
Always interested in other views.
yea..
easier said than done ash..
its the worst
Ha!
OK shutting it down now....
Sarkrebleu!
It's Hollande in France
writing on the spot def gives that raw immediacy to the spits.
I feel ya.
I don't have many close friends, and near me none.
I could spend hundoctords of dollars in whole foods without an ounce of regret
Should've added your Twitter handle to pic, snap!
Have a safe trip to Kentucky.
Can you follow this dude he need more follower :
Good one!
Even would appreciate that one.
She'sHereAllDay
OH: Phones are where hashtags started...
yes!
get the ball back G Force NOW
Waddup we finally got in touch bout' time to talk business lol keith was doing all the talking for us wassup tho?
What doctorws your wrath?
Math is so hard!!
what happened to us eating healthy this trip?
Aww he would always talk to me while I was at the clinic  Psigh
I know how you feel.
I can't sleep cause I got too much on my mind.
You're not alone.
I love you too
i'm thinking about breaking into 's and smoking a few bowls.
too impatient!
haha feel free
Happy NationalNursesWeek!
We would like to recognize all the wonderful nurses at our network of hospitals around the world.
My work day is just about over...
Thanks Rock!
As always, we appreciate your support.
RT : SGIAExpo is a must.
Registration is now open.
I'll see you there.
Thank you HeartBroken!
You're welcome!
Curious about Wii?
Play Wii Sports and games.
Attend our program, Wii Sports and Games for Adults on Thursday, December 22, at 4 pm.
hey hey...
Maine is a solid team and has the top first line in the league.
Great game by both teams.
how helpful huh?
Beer is heavy, UPS charges by weight, we charge flat UPS rates.
We don't even have a packing fee added on...
lol no I'm not
we are!
RT : Friday night my winning 20/20 special on lottery winners  losers.
I'm in an office lottery pool, are you?
But dogs found in Pr.
Geo.'s Co.
thus the tag.
thank you!
The LA city bus system could turn Mother Theresa into a bloodthirsty savage.
Imagine what it does to me.
Thanks for the follow Layton.
Best to you!
I bet Ron Washington's cocaine buddies hated him.
Have you seen the nose on that fucker?
ASAP ROCKY is that shit.
Need my list too lol jk
RT if you are running the this weekend!
Ozzie on suspension: To me it's a sad situation...but that decision is made and I respect that decision.
This event seems super cool!
Just saw all of the ads underground.
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Many Blessings to everyone!!
No watching the diet today lol!
Excellent photography!
and Eden!
Ah the 140 limit got me!
What is she, 19 today?
ENJOY!!!!
So much to celebrate!!!
Hahaha!
So when are you coming to visit us?
Watching Secretariat 3
This boy means so much to me but lives so far away what should I do?
Yes!
Edmodo is great.
Use it within class and in collaborative projects with other schools/classrooms.
Got to see my personal favorite, Boogie Nights, on the big screenon film.
Thanks, !
Last.fm just served me an ad for Let's Rock Elmo.
I can't tell if they don't know me at all, or if they know my too well.
and thank YOU for letting us know about your experience!
We have to know about it to make it right.
We hope to you again soon.
Great Picture!
Thanks for coming to Albuquerque and staying at our hotel
wtf is with saying women have balls?
courage is a masculine trait now?
let's whip up some gender neutral pronouns  slang for bravery
818 Scott, what up doe!!!
not you either..!!
Awk.
I don't do follow backs.
I no you wont see this!
But me and my friend have been up all night its 00.30am waiting for u!Follow me and
Been one hell of a week so far...never gonna say it could be worse again.
Replacing that shitty phrase with ..bring it.
but if you really WANTED it to end, I'm sure you could find more destructive habits to make it happen for yourself.
Heading to Daley Plaza for coverage.
It's such a doctorg always being the heavy, man.
Family time
I'm in NYC where it's allegedly hot...but nothing like India :
...that is so cool, Kevin.
Closer to yes!
Almost there!
Check out OASIS on kickstarter!
It needs your support!
You'll receive sweet rewards.
4 days left to...
Practice your interview with a colleague before you have the real interview.
Robles
If only there were a hundoctord trees surrounding me I might feel like I was home!
Thanks for helping us feed our hungry neighbors RT : I had a great time volunteering today...
what time do you go on at bowery electric?
Beach reading for trip to Mexico: Mists of Avalon.
Putting it out in the Twitter void because I cant be alone with the shame/weirdness.
No I haven't.
It seems I screen about 60 percent of what I should
Someday youll see the reason why, Sometimes, yeah sometimes, theres good in goodbye
RT : Social media is not a tech job.
First market speak quote of the day  asymptotic rise
I do, too...
but I didn't know that cooking was part of what makes me a nerd!
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness.
Napoleon Hill
Excuse me???
i've been great, no complaints.
im glad to see that your business is going well!!!
i know you'll do big things 
Nice photo, very rustic looking!
don't get too attached to Denzel's character!
YIKES!!!!
STAY SAFE MY doctorMMER DUDE!
I am still here LOL
Bye!
Good lunch!
;
Thanks for the retweet Mark!
I just followed you and am about to check out your tweets  which look really interesting!
wouldn't Kentucky from this year beat those 10?
Cavs are winning the lottery anyway, it don't matter
You are so welcome, glad to hear that you are; just continue having Those Uplifting Days.
Exciting first day of grad colloq., great P Wald keynote on contagion.
Debut of swerve, a collaborative cyberpunk serialsweet
me nervous.
I am going to be in charge very soon and I don't know how much I am going to let Ava see you.
Ava tolerates you.
Compared to me
Now that all the smoke is gone and the battle finally won
Hi Nahla!
This particular group is actually for American YES students going to spend a year in other countries!
I need to stop waking up at three in the afternoon..
If only you saw what i could see, youd understand why i want you so desperately.

It's a great community of people and been an awesome experience for me.
Let me know when you are ready!
your middle name for now on will Emma.
:
Please!
This is supposed to be a happy occasion.
Let's not bicker and argue over who killed who.
Shocking excitement today about 3D scanning by archaeologists here in MD.
Bet their heads would explode if they came to NEXTgenM!
just sent it!!!
I love that You love it star ..
stay shining always..
With any amount of luck, we'll be launching this month  AND will be joining us in studio.
Fingers crossed!
Do you think you will do another live chat soon ?
Woke up sick and it's on Mother's Day sigh
no money  no piercing ....
kill me :
Carrick couldnt track a Barcelona midfielder that had a LoJack up his ass.
Kobe doctormatic...
I can't have guy friends?
But he has a girl as a bestfriend..
A lil messed up?
I think yes.
pissed off
The weather outside is amazing today.
The Timeline conversion is upon us!
You have one more day to get everything looking good!
Does anyone have any questions?
I am here to help!
long story girl
Ok tough guy.
Awesome!
doctorving?
Room in the car?
Help doctorving?
We managed to forget about til right now and SAD.
LMAO.
You mean lucky.
Go Bears!
If you send more than one Facebook invitation to the same thing, I will come  shit right in the middle of whatever it is
hungergames that's all.
Its not true.
Funny how rumors get started...:/
did you see episode two of TB?
Two demos up later today!
Thanks to Carl for recording us and getting them done so quick Check them out  www.myspace.com/dontmissoutmusic
Setting up some 4th Gen.
iPod Touches so our faculty can engage in mobile goodness at
good and yu?
I had the best doctoram ever last night, lol : I met 143
hello sweets!
Weird conference today.
Parent screamed at me, cried, and finally hugged me all within a 2 hour conference.
Jean de La Fontaine In everything one must consider the end.
Reading tweets  the CPD has stopped the from performing  the House of Blues because of lyrical content I smell Bullshit
On your iPhone?
The new OS has a separate notifications area under Settings that you have to change.
This is great!
Thanks for sharing  and happy to pass it on.
GET THAT CHEESE, DONT BE SCARED OF THAT MICE TRAP
you're a health missionary.
Converting the SAD heathen.
I believe QRcodes are the NOW of print  publishing!
I think clickablepaper will be next big tech trend for the industry too!
RT : Come catch Gaby G, Kenzo, and Shaggy perform in their developing projects called De Veras at Home Room tonight in......
Function first.
That is what actually makes the .
A little wonkiness in Ux will be ignored if they can pay w/o pain
Aw, thanks for the congrats on the Daily Candy piece!
what the H is a nook?
Like an E book
HAPPY CYBER MONDAY!
Love, Riviera Spa
you have an excuse for sounding like a turd :P
Been crushing on you since Josie  I was so scared of what I was.
Follow our theatrical play  movement abt bullied gay youth!
I'm not sure that's tension they are feeling :
I don't think it's on YouTube yet.
I'm watching it on my DVR.
I'd think it will be on YouTube by tomorrow or Wednesday.
So happy you enjoyed it!
We hope everyone had a great Holiday weekend!!
Hey you wanted to talk about the modeling shoot me a DM I'm Down to model just let me know
teacher meetings are designed specifically to schedule All the homework to one day.
i.e.
we are Hiroshima and they are the Enola gay
Man I'm rdy to get TATTED again
This should be good!
: Our OSCARS performance is scheduled to open after the halfway mark!
Are you as excited as we are?
He's never even gone close to 100, so 150 would probably be the absolute maximum.
SUNDAY GIRL A SMART FILLY  Daily Star
Rt if u ever knocked over all ur smoke, over on that high shit.
I sure the fuck just did.
Smfh
that is so wrong!!!lol
I'M WRITING MUSIC THE WORDS OF MOTIVATION MIXTAPE VOL.
5 GET READY
All Your Musca Are Belong To Us
awesome, impeccable and simply a blessing.
I'm a fan and would love to produce a tune for you with a latin tinge.
he's not that into me anymore we were hanging out with somefriends yesterday and he didn't even bothered talking to me
Join us to talk  RT : TOPIC  Cars YOU Want to Own vs Cars Youd Like Your Friends to Own
LOL what's up?
: Don't mistake friendly for flirting..That's how you get you're feelings hurt.
I hated it.
Could be enjoying being awake this morning more...
thank you
New song being released tonight called crawling through quicksand
Burgers, Fries, Tarts and Juice!
Come in and have a great meal today!
How could I possibly repay you for letting me know about this??
2011 NBA Champion Dallas Mavericks And Panini America Announce MultiYear Marketing And GameWorn Memorabilia Agreement
Another awesome service with my peeps at point loma convalescent home  enjoyed some in and out burger afterwards
So much new new music hit iTunes this week.
Maroon 5, Jason misterz, Linkin Park, Train!
So
I love you.
Free Hugs.
Show tonight at 7:30 ish!
this is my last performance at the grill until October!!!!
i will be on tour for Aug and Sept.
awesome on DWTS tonite Big Guy!
Gr8 memories...
Thanks!!!
getting played on Mix 93.3 in Kansas city....
Thank you !!!
Monday Night Live  Todays Special Beef Stroganoff  Goodbye Monday Blues!
WeStoppedTalkingBecause I'm sick and lost my voice hehehe
Adam Sandler movies
I will look, too.
RT : just gave me a sneak preview of the new album, Beyond the Vast Endless Sea.
Brilliant  gorgeous.
dam my coworkers are messy!!!
um we are hanging out soon so text me  let me know when3
well u should be fine the Ultrasound is pretty interesting experience make sure you take out your belly ring if you have one
This game had best not be a blow out!
2 Polaroid employees' activism started intense pressure on Polaroid 1977 Polaroid divests 
I am at one with my bitchiness, but really, don't make me out to be the evil one.
Im living life before my fame ;
S/o to the guy that wrote send money on his graduation cap
her fault.
She's the bitch.
doesn't give them alot of credit!
Wow he just disrespected you like you're nothing and you want to marry this guy?
Are you feeling well
Yup, that's where I am: in MSR Boston.
Where's the thing you read?
Excited to try Rasika in westend tonight with !
I've never had Indian food before
just sayin you have the funniest tweets I've been laughing for an hour haha
THANKX a lot
Trick or treat a little extra tonight!
Bring that extra candy to us tomorrow!
We've actually got quite a collection started today
For all the artist out there we have the Dancers and Models for your Mixtape Release Parties, Videos, Covers whatever.
Hit us up
Why the fuck is the news on my tv?
All sorts of cheating on today.
: SE/A this morning, now it's NLM doctorg Info with
Only in America u can find people that check their phones every 10 sec and still manage to loose them
Jesus dummb ass 
who knew?!
World Surveillance Group Appoints New Chairman of the Board of Directors
Normal is not something to aspire to, it's something to get away from.
Jodie Foster
why cant it just be warm?!?!?
Last night I saw a guy walking through ellis with a loaf of bread and a 24 pack of gatorade.
We will just never be on that guy's level
If round is a shape then yes, you are in shape.
Unicycle man on
Good morning people!
Hope everyone is having a great 4th of July!
: What if when we close our eyes everything dissappears?
mindblowing
Im out Here today
Tweet Tweet Tweet
LIFE HAPPENS!!
The plan that we have may not be the PLAN that God Has...
But keep on trucking!!!!
Thanks for following us on Twitter!
Norfolk State!
Have had about enough of the claim that the sole reason one built a large house or bought expensive goods was to show wealth.
plese help trend
just makin sho I tried calling u back yesterday it went straight to voicemail
I feel so refreshed.
That sleep was amazing!
Aww yess I do.
Both Hannah and me do.
Mine is and Hannah's is Thanks so much!
:
: I'll bring my own Clorox wipes lmao.
More celebs need to use their celebrity status as effectively.
Protesting, posting video clips, and engaging the press will help.
maybe me and
FAMOUS SEDAN AIRPORT TRANSPORTATION SHUTTLE SERVICE is a professorssional, dependable and reliable luxury sedan limousine service.
248 9713100
Completely agreed.
cuz ulike her music or to boo her off the stage
CONCERTS !
2nite at Body English / 2moro  at Cheyanne Saloon !
Ughh that really sucks ass.
What a crazy/difficult season dabulls had.
chi has the best TEAM in the NBA  healthy we'll go all the way.
Hi NFF  just sent you a quick DM about cohosting/blogging for , a chat for arts managers.
What do you think?
None.
There were 2 but they let me cut for a can of Ranger.
San Francisco  Oakland Does that make me a yuppie?
U ARE PERFECT :
NBA  SEATTLE  Happy fans in Washington.
NBA  SITTING COMMISSIONER  Healthier NBA RESULT  Bring a team back to Seattle ASAP!
Two members competing in gwbizplan  awesome!
I see two amazing bloggers.
In frames by some hot women.
Cam Newton is better than you think and so is the Arizona secondary...
tomorrow will show all.
TY great article what a wonderful use for that area of
make an awful 2nd strike call on Freese.
Freese gets a 2 RBI single next pitch.
NewEra for the Cardinals.
Let's Roll.
you should see the one where tim is tongue punching jabbys fart box...
Gross
Miss America evening gown competition just concluded.
Stunning gowns, beautiful ladies, and beautifully staged.
Had fatherinlaw over for brunch this morning to celebrate Father's Day.
Egg 'n veggie scramble was wellreceived.
Oakland show for jun 14 is sold out and me and tried really hard to win tickets but we really want to go
Another hot  humid day in NYC!
But sure is delightful.
Auditioning at 11.
looking fine to us?
is it still down for you?
edshow Turns out it was AL GORE's GIRLFRIEND that invented the INTERMETH......Odd.....
TampaBay legend JimmieGiles thinks u dont have what it takes to beat him in fantasyfootball.
See what he means at bit.ly/oRFhKN
AAM members get in free!
And if you're not a member maybe your conference badge would do the trick.
Evacuations lifted in the wildfire in Silver City.
9 acres, 20 contained.
No buildings burned.
Have a blessed day everyone!
Letter To My Son hits home with me, major props to another dad doin' what it takes, I can relate for sure.
Give the gift of health, message me about my 6 month program rates!
Switched on the turntable, got out my bag of old 45s, and ended up doctorssing the Xmas tree to Hall and Oates Bside No Brain No Pain.
Updating your HRIS?
Make sure ALL BUSINESS rules are UNDERSTOOD!
Have multiple eyes look at everything.
DO NOT depend upon your 1 expert!
Do you have any New Year's resolutions relating to food?
What are they?
We are in Washington for the Summer.
If you or someone you know needs Video services for their business or products, give us a call.
Stevie Nicks sux
I think that tweet was about me .
:/
what is ur problem ,
I have decided: I care, yet I do not care who wins the cup.
In my mind us Habs won.
Not entirely sure just what I saw on the Rugby World Cup but I'm pretty certain it was the coolest thing in sports
Thanks for following!
Well, I don't know whether this could have turned out any better...
moderate democrats are the difference for control in the house.
No moderate Democrats, you have a Republican controlled house.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action
In case you missed it: LOS VAN VAN cancelled their North American Tour Charanga del Valle is playing TONIGHT!
Tweet me a song
...where 3/4 of the men there looked like Kenny Powers.
Really?
I mean, really??
RT If i hav kids, i guarantee they gon grow up dumb cuz imma thump em in they softspot for cryin
Then as an environment artist, I am awesome because I have done scenes using both completely handpainted to photo real textures
New goal for the summer  try as man food carts as humanly possible.
Any suggestions?
Sitting in the IU Informatics lounge.
Getting to reverse roles and be the dad of the prospective student.
I loved that you pronounced syracuse wrong :
that's what i remembered from the bygone days when I was a post subscriber
RT Thought you would enjoy this news!
If still looking for new career please check out bit.ly//mightannoy You'll need some entrepreneurial spirt  a sense of humor.
WhereHaveYouBeen on !
HappyFriday what do you want to hear?
Thx to everyone who came out during my talk.
Great questions!
I'm going to have to make that happen soon.
I'll show you with a tweet pic!
There's a huge 65 LCD at Sams......
Monday is Fun Day for me and can't wait!
Be careful honey!
Many have died already from synthetic marijuana.
As we found out with out beautiful Max, it only takes once.
Sound the siren!
Let's Go Blues!
10
shoutout Follow our friends Thanks for the support guys!!
Reminder!
Lev on How to Compare 1 Million Images?
TOMORROW at 4pm in the
if you used really or very or kinda unique, i would.
but i'm also plenty sloppy on social media.
Ill Have Another
I was appalled to see a bunch of people in a bar in MI wearing blackhawks jerseys.
ugh.
if they did one more release, they could easily do that 50K...
I have had it in my budget for nearly 2 years now :/
The line between art and life should be kept as fluid, and perhaps indistinct, as possible.
Allan Kaprow
Will do !
This time he blogged expand into weakness
pass that shit
Greinke's turn to get a Nono tomorrow
Agree!
RT Too bad for Portugal!
What a good team.
por Portugal
Stereotypes  Misconceptions in SocialMedia with
Great live jazz and art at the B Spot in Capitol Hill.
711 tonight
RT Music is the best thing that's ever happened to me.
Anyways, I think i'm gonna go now, talk tomorrow/later : Goodnight babes 33333
Out of the 5 Philosophies of education, I find myself siding with Social Reconstructionism the most.
I'm not going home for spring break
Hi Christine, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
oops.
I always forget.
Do you really want to sink money in Gary???!!!
Detroit???!!!.
I don't think so.
Renting lets you get out.
Thank you to everyone who submitted photos, we received some amazingly horrid ones!
Now it's time to vote for your favorites:...
everything was movin slow an shit an I went to sleep lol
Weezer can play on my Maine island in the sun anytime.
We've got wicked lobsters.
Greek Easter is today ;
Sorry ain't no favors around here homeboy/homegirl
I find it pretty nerdy that I check like 5 apps before I go to bed lol.
Twitter is one of em
All because I tried to show her a video with UFOs
Fresh pot of Crab N Corn chowder ready at Frenchys Original Cafe...1st one to find Mike  say I 3 Frenchys gets a bowl FREE!
Chicago Bears: Jay Cutler says thumb feels fine, eager to return to field
Twitter is a great PLNhelps me find great resources 4 my teachersinformative articles, conference resources, search hashtags2
Please tell us which professorssor gave that test.
They will be suspended.
Can't wait for this call, sounds amazing!
Tip of the Day: Improve your confidence level and overall presence by maintaining a more active and healthy lifestyle.
Always amazed by the conclusions people doctorw from afar.
Constantly surprising.
Twitter can be a scary place.
radio tonight!
Special guests Stevokaneivel, Rick the Warrior, Whitney Houston,  Anna.
That shit cray!
Myth Cosmetic surgery is about vanity.
Truth If you feel good about your body, you feel better about yourself.
Looking good!
How hard did you miss Instagram on Andoctorid?
Are there other apps you're missing?
O's are still shining bright.
George Zimmerman's father seems like a swell guy.
Seriously, why hasn't his son been arrested yet?
Let me sing you a song Make u forget something's wrong
Ice cream my bed and Colombiana
Enjoyed super training day w/ customer service professorssionals today.
Wrkshp.
:Communicating w/ Clarity  Impact Trove can help ur
Yes it is.
I KNOW!
and their hormones and stuff except when most of them on they period .
Attention ATSU: Blackboard is back up and running well.
Thanks again for your patience!
:
Where u at u in san antonio right
Corner Kitchen in Biltmore Village.
The Obamas ate there!
Tonight Brian Kaldorf is talking to us about his work as a studio photographer.
Stay tuned for tips on lighting and other studio topics!
heey can you do me a HUGE favor?!:
crazy, crazy world
I found a flashcard set where the teacher wrote fornication instead of fortification as the word meaning a stronghold.
Lmao the bulls are fucked jeez!
Then other chicks is superficial , but I knoe that you knoe I'm number one
Joseph Ventricelli had his first performance on stage in elementary school.
He was Stevie Wonder!
Are we going to see a picture?
Chickfila is great tasting food, fershit corporation.
Makes my boycott difficult.
Really a question for I'll note, though, that this one's more of a directory/census than an altac survey.

watching Matt Guerrier take the hill for the Dodgers here at MillerPark in Milwaukee.
Remember him?
Another day.
Another meeting with a tourist stranger.
Another recomendation for the Thames Street Oyster House.
Oh my gosh!
If you've got a migraine, you should probably go home.
They're completely intolerable for me.
: Feel better.
thanks to , I bump to hip hop in languages I don't understand.
flow is king
thanks for the feedback.
Will try to fix.
i dont want to go to school.
I FREAKING love !
Every song he sings is friggin' amazing!
Oh yeah, I forgottoo old, too slow  too washed up, lol.
n I love you too
Goodnight Justin.
I'll doctoram of your movie and how amazing it was.neversaynever !!!::
Day one of the Masters and I'm on vacation.
Perfect!
You sound amazing in that video and you look SEXY.
I'm in LOVE!
omgash when can i see you i miss you so mucho
Lars, with your back surgery and all, we never got you to Denver to speak.
How about in November?
A Sazerac?
It's actually a cocktail made with Old Overholt Rye Whiskey, simply syrup, peychaud  angostura bitters, absinthe, lemon oil
me too!
thevoice RT : O COME ON.
Totes on the edge of my kitteh condo back here.
wewontworkif you smell
puff it
Demented is when you see things that aren't there, , while melancholy is how you see things that are there.
I think.
Looks are deceiving.
Good looks are more deceiving.
Taking my Mom to see 'Think Like A Man' and then to Applebees for Mother's Day/Birthday.
thanks for the guess.
I'll give answer at 2.
Ask Todd.
We had a few on our way out of town in Dec.

TRUST means everything, but once it's broken SORRY means nothing
have you heard any of nickelback's new stuff
is it the noise or because they look like spiders ?
: next time you head to doctorp me a line.
I would love to say hi!
An angry, ungrateful wook on his way down from a doctorgfueled tour and back to unemployment.
fuck me like yu miss me !
This week I'm interviewing for Gay Life Baltimore......wait for it...JOAN RIVERS!
Thanks for support!: Off to a great start!
All young ppl have a right 2 access info  education on SRHR .
Side event at CPD2012
Man I love going into liquor stores in states other than PA.
Who WOULDN'T love a WalMart sized liquor store?
I was just about to cancel my membership, but Mad Men and Friday Night Lights on Instant means my instant plan will have to stay!
Who is going to get up early for the NASCAR race tomorrow?
of course!
Be there tomorrow hahaha
You stole my friend.
;
Thanks for the shout out we are so pleased you enjoy our wild salmon tacos!
Now doctornking a Mikkeller Beer Geek Bacon.
Better than the Hop Breakfast by far
Nothing breaks your concentration more quickly than abrasively loud soccer moms spewing trivial nonsense about their everyday lives.
TIIP4P Gen.
Rick Lynch US Army 3 C's: communication, collaboration, commitment
k text u in a bit
why do my parents keep putting bread in the freezer
haha!
I'm still JT all the way I just gave the biebs some props for boyfriend ;
I need to hire someone to slap coffee out of my hand if I try to doctornk a cup after 5 p.m.
Please add Lost Girl another season too.
: Loving every minute of it!
:
wishing it weren't so slow at the library during the holidays.
Well I've been trying to get to you as fast as possible!
Women have too much faith in Pill, condoms
Craig Coshun of just told us that at this very moment Corey Hart is working 1B def w/RR
Does Don doctorper have to choke a bitch?
Opinion tastes better than news 
LISTEN UP MILWAUKEE, VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!
U WANT A RECALL VICTORY?
U KNOW WHAT TO DO THEN!!
major boo as Hopkins as Alfred.
Hitch is, at heart, a Calif boy.
TGIF!
It's the start of July already and don't forget to stop by the clubhouse to pick up a copy of the July Newsletter and Calendar.
I have 3 sons so it breaks my heart to watch this interview but I have to say what a nice polite guy the brother of Trayvon Martin is
we just posted our notes for hosting icon camps.
you could totally organize one in toronto!
wow, you are full of great april fool's tricks.
Not necessarily, no.
A good outlet won't release smthng they don't stand behind.
But people free to dismiss, or retest
For my first tweet in awhile, I'll paint a really colorful picture for you.
I've been taking mucinex for a few days and it's working.
A LOT.
And hey sweetie, well I need you here tonight
Wednesday we are giving out free movie passes to see First Position at the Landmark Plaza Theater!Come to Ballet  5:45pm!
Gotcha on my To Follow list.
Becoming relevant online has to do with exposure!
Be a part of the Shastic family!
Publish your online portfolio for free!
www.shastic.com
at mah aunts
Morning!
After yesterday, between downtown and the heavy rain, it's definitely time for some sunshine.
Failure does not mean that I will never make it; It does mean that I need more practice
So you were able to make it out ?
Happy Birthday I am with you and will be in the next election!
Cheers!
Happy Holidays!
If you're at DTW this morning, stop by Heritage BooksI'll be signing copies of At The Dark End of the Street!
MISSISSIPPI AVENUE ALBERTA ARTS DISTRICT BELMONT  HAWTHORNE WE HAVE BRAND NEW HOMES COMING SOON IN ALL LOCATIONS.
omg congrats!!
girl you should have called me!
That's my specialty!!
ILoveYardWork :
Happy mothers day
I love Boston, lived there for my DI at BIDMC.
You gave me a smile with your Paper Source post.
Great store!
Seeing people happy is a
strikes out the side with fastballs after getting early k's with junk
wanna do something
Suppose to be doing something with my sisters
99 bitches don't compare to 1 loyal woman.
watching jerryspringer.
I'm ALWAYS amazed when fat women get violent when called FAT!
I'M A FATBOY AND PROUD!
FAT AND HAPPY!
What do you all fear more then anything?
All go first ofcourse ZOMBIES
gonna be performing some Much Ado About Nothing tonight tomorrow Saturday and Sunday woo hoo!.
oh around lol my phone has been legit stupid lately
hello and Thank you
particularly with regard to important individual posts.
great call.
Do not show photo.
do not imflame tensions.
No good can be gained.
Noel Mazzone works w/ Tebow Osweiler  Phillip Rivers...3 of WORST deliveries in all of QBing.
So, he is either Best or Worst guru ever!
It's a rainy day in LA.
Some girl just put her feet on blast on fb.
i wanted to puke!
Gotta love our 225 Bush Street location in SanFrancisco.
If you need a virtualoffice there 95/mo is an amazing price for downtown!
We swift
That's what my vanity plates are on my collector's edition bug shield.
The intro for the NBAAllstar game has gotten out of hand!
This is a basketball game.
Not the VMAs.
Dog park!
2 things I'd never wear if I couldPants and shoes.
Its funny because I sell shoes and live in Chicago where its too cold not to wear pants.
time to cuddle up w.
my blanket  Goodnight :
Thanks to , former publisher of , for visiting us today.
morning to you..would love to meet tomorrow  CTIA  give you a look at cellhelmet  1st  only case to guarantee iPhone...
Today wasnt the same without ...i felt like there was a big part missing from me :
Making it happen !!
shuttuuuup!
You're hella flawless x
wow you did great at the SCREAMTOUR : nice job u rocked it tonite LatimoreGang lol
Thanks Audoctor for the include!!!
90 of the time when I say oomf I'm talking about the same person
Thanks for the follow!
You deserve a free song download dude!
Just like me on Facebook and you'll get it!
Thanks again
You can wash the cheese bits off your fingers, but you can't wash the shame off your soul
I'm bout to go on a cheating spree cause I hate who I'm talking to right now
Southern to the core.
Bell relents, signs tender offer with Bears  Chicago Tribune
hahahah i feel the same way
Happy wedding year to my 2012 brides!
Can't wait!
We are trained to examine your home and tell you what needs to be done to make it more energy efficient.
Painful to watch the untalented.
I understand the producer's reasoning but, I'd rather have seen more of the talented...
good lord
Candidate arrested for assault after pulling a gun in Staples getting 45 of vote in early returns//He couldn't find the EASY button.
can't wait to see you in Tampa tomorrow night!
Check out my next runway show this saturday!
Its all benefitting local animal shelters!
Doggies ready for adoption will be modeling too!
Do police sketch artists start out by doctorwing chalk outlines?
INTERNATIONAL Balloon Fiesta.
RT : Languages heard spoken so far at Fiesta: Russian, Spanish, French  Japanese.
Hmm im full as hell RT: Tired as hell.
is so good.
Just ate a chocolate donut via the way of plane and all
I'm going to spend the day sitting underneath the Lincoln Memorial contemplating my existence.
I'm not taking the Pats' loss well.
Severely craving one of 's mom's enchiladas.
Happy Halloween!
What's your favorite Halloween candy ?
I hate the library
Cheer up er'body.
You can't have a Friday without a Monday.
I know!
Guys like JR Smith, Novak, Fields, Chandler have to step up now and score some points.
Every time emiril says garlic the crowd cheers.
I understand why
My couson is such a ugh u know!!
:O
Streamers from the ceiling after a game 1 victory?
Really, Atlanta?
Hilarious.
you could always move in with
the key to vegan hangover breakfast is to just fire up the pan and throw that shit it in there  how much worse could you possibly feel?
RT Great day : Amazing workout last night w/ , and slept great!
I will meet Justin someday.
Never Say Never.
I will talk to him and hug him.
Hell ya letang and Crosby
You're gonna claim you never said I didn't tear my shoulders but you did.
YOU DID.
We've been focused on lowering the barrier to content creation...no one is focused on improving content online biz stone
I'm home from work!!!
Free music, free boos, free horns game on flat screens.
RAIN OR SHINE.
Lokey: i have an army.
Iron Man: we have a Hulk.
but getting sean o'connell is easy
Follow NBC 15 photojournalist and help him get to 100 followers!
its gotta be a boy
w.family
I think this is actually one of the lessons our science teacher pulled out in desperation.
haha im trying to follow u but ur tweets r protected lol
We never did give our WNBA doctorft breakdowns...
Sorry guys I haven't been tweeting lately : what are my tweeps up to?
Dance competition since 9 this morning and still going at it!!!
Things we do for our kids!!

Walk with me I'll give u my pain, so much on my mind I wonder how it fit in my brain
The rain makes me miss the cta.
Free ride home er day.
girl, i've seen you do work at HH.
I think you're set!
Vocals are done!
misterand Keanu belted it out in less than an hour.
Woot woot!
Production to go and that single is coming soon!CC
Well...
that nap was a bad idea.
30 min to 3 hrs in no time
Debra's messing with your brain.
Follow back my nigga
ThatOnePersonInSchool That everyone knows .
Australias Mining Boom Reveals New Opportunities For Property...
Today I learned that is a fan of my righttowork research.
Whoulda thunk ...
please pick me :
just did
Office door closed, Brewer game on.
They had the copters.
The fault is lack of preparation.
They shot views of the obvious towns.
Great start for Augusta State's Patrick Reed at Quail Hollow, 5 thru 12, just 1 off the lead
I forgot today was Sunday
When I see kids around my age around Buffalo walking around in local band merch like they're all cool.
Pshhhhh...
If you are a member of South Jordan professorssional Firefighters L3851 please check your email.
portland has been freakin amazing so far!
i cant wait to play some shows here.
: D
It's totally time for a new avatar.
ouchh :o i have a good average i guess ..
but i HATE itt.
Had a wonderful time at church today!!!
Wonderful blessings in store for me.
Trusting and believing in God!!!
Happy national day of prayer 
Tweeting and doctorving
Yes!
Call us to set up a free one on one career counseling appointment.
212 764 0172.
Thanks, Scott.
Which app addiction are you trying to kick?
doctorwSomething, WordsWithFriends, or TempleRun?
Boys home vs Park today...Girls home Friday vs Glenelg
Why has god forsaken Tim Tebow?!?
chilling in the theatre between shows, with some
is pregnant or something she is too emotional, girl buy your own speakspell...
or better yet why didn't your mama buy it??
north!
Raleigh...
I know right?
Everywhere I look!
Berman 'have long term vision but don't miss what's right in front of you'
Beautiful and always a breeze.
Taking a trip to North Dakota to work  a club named Whispers in Williston a city in the middle of no where, next Monday for a week.
you're such a creep
Such a bad person.
I know.
Solid first doctorft of gradschool paper finished.
Off to get some 5hrs of sleep before work.
Heard a Christmas song on the radio today.
Seriously?
I used to GM a retail store.
Had to get out of that
MONDAY MORNING!!!!
TroopSwap is on the march and will start offering national deals tomorrow!
I think it's suuper ridiculous how over 11 million cosmetic procedures were done in just 2006, agreed?
but never has my dinner order been more intellectually satisfying.
I'd pick your brain on sleep but that's too dense for Twitter.
I seriously wonder if people get pissed off at how I need to mention how Cervelli should be on the team at least once a day....
So not a celeb stalker.
BUT...
doctornking at Wine Steals w/Tenley and Kipton from Bachelor Pad.
Such a cute couple!
For example in a 1012 team league you're still going to have valuable 1 guys at the end so spending a lot early isn't as dire
Dark, her future seems dark.
Yes Sirr!
Okay who you talking about?
Lol...
no clue lol.
In the truck..
nope I live in CA but for my honeymoon I'm try to convince my future wife to go there she wants roman boo boo to that
hahahaha.....typical Hollywood story.
As long as you've earned the chops to wear whatever you are comfortable in.
love u
This is absolutely ridiculous!!!
I need to go back to Raleigh!
I would find this cream on my first stop at a cosmetics store!
you're
Follow my other account I use it more x
I refuse to do any schoolwork at home.
If I can't do it in class, I won't do it at all.
San Diego friends We play the County Fair this Wednesday 8:30pm on the O'Brien stage right after We'll buy you a churro!
If you ever want a black person to be on time for something, tell them its an hour earlier then it actually is ..
Jessica Simpson, by naming her daughter Maxwell, is setting that child up for a lifetime of mediocre metrosexuality.
I miss you too!
I haven't talked to you in forever
middle station seating
WhenIWasGrowingUp transformers and thunder cats were on tv.
I guess some things never change
Oh, I'm so sad I missed it!
I need to stop by CFA more often...
easy win...nothing to see here...
Looking for a web based app that enables crowd sourcing of comments, pictures and videos needs to be archivable thoughts anyone?????
I think you've just been living in sugarland too long
My shoulders are killing me.
Still haven't had anything to eat today
rainraingoaway I'm wearing new Blake espadoctorlles from Where's the sun?
The greatness of art is not to find what is common...but what is unique.
RT I was a student doctorver for UC Regents.
Used my truck instead of Ucla car to take regent 2 LAX.
Fires everywhere
Me ;D 333
OMG!
Let's cross horns!!!
Uh oh.
No big ribbon on POTUS.
He's defenseless!
Biden's probably wearing two
It's always good.
I already learned that trick.
Our office smells delish!
Perfume testing/marketing as we speak!
What's your fav scent?
Nothing left but to report but the final tally.
Colorado Kings salt away the victory.
112 to 103
Breakfast in bed for the last born?
No, ok.
Thanks a bunch to those that came out today for the Social Entrepreneurship event!
is the cheese to my macaroni
Who knew blurry vision was a side effect of the stomach flu
Lots of students tweeting muawards for , must be so proud!
Who df just texted me??
And the best game you can name is a good old hockey game
schoolmemories dancing to 's Teeth on the classroom desks :D
Do it!
And please spread the word!
On an average day, Baltimore FFs  Medics respond to 500 calls in our 81sqmi City.
Thanks to the Dispatchers for keeping it together for us
PORT MEANS LEFT!
I GOT IT!
hi follow back?
:
You followed me back :D I thought I lost you their 3
glad you liked it!
We got great responses from the article.
It both looked good and was really well written!
:
RT : We welcome of radioshow A Way with Words as our guest speaker on Fri 2/3
And walked it?
Looking to start streaming set design next Friday.
Get your anime fandom card ideas ready.
:
I'm so bummed that I missed you on Saturday.
Hopefully I'll see you at next month's meeting.
Hope all is well....
Well the night went very far south for me insanely quickly.
Think I'm just going to go to bed early.
miss u.
Hope we can get together soon.
Teach basic defense 1st by playing the ball w/bounce back and forth in pairs.
1st contact: defense, 2nd: set ball, 3rd: attack
RT : Save the date: The Heart of America FDN Charity in Chocolate Fashion Event!
4/23, 69p
wasn't the intention, but I'd sport them all over town if that was the case...
CEC opportunities, white papers, podcast, webinars.
Things they can access on their own.
GOD THE ULTIMATE MISSONARY
Now that  I understand!:RT : another way of saying don't be lazy or get your crap together or get out of the way...
in solidarity!
no Emma
hugsback thanks Kittie :' about to take a pill for it
So ready for a nap.
Except for the fact that I have a cake to go home and bake :/
6,000!
You're in high demand!
In Dungeons and doctorgons terms, I'd peg Santorum as chaotic evil.As for Romney, definitely lawful evil.
hahahaha of course you were chosen for that.
Have a great time in NYC!
Mostly.
i take large craps also RT : hello doggy, what's your favorite thing to do?
Sleep or eat?
skillionaires  love it!
Thanks for the support!
RT : excited about the upcoming work of watch out for these folks.
I wanna see you spend 13 at the McD.
you love those Martins!
The RB should still be there too.
If anyone wants a paper ARC of WHAT DIES IN SUMMER I have 4 copies left.
Signing yearbooks wasn't as sad as i thought it would be
If I don't write to empty my mind, I go mad.
Lord Byron
Really,Pedoctor?
2 hits and 2 runs batted in?
Keep on rollin.
I'm smart I'm dumb...can they please make my mine uo for me
I have a plan!
Going to look for fabric this weekend.
:
Learning as much as I can about I/Millennium/various other products.
That's how I roll.
RT : I destroy my enemies when I make them my friend.
Abraham Lincoln
I really wish I had the time to take a pole dancing class.
Despite the fact that I would feel a little slutty, it looks kinda fun.
I'm amused that job creators got to keep their tax cuts but it looks like I may be taxed an extra 40 in 2012.
The 99 do vote, you know..
You're on.
that question is lacking detail, what pokemon?
I sure wouldn't fuck with an onyx
Amen ...RT : Depression is a scary fucking disease.
NO ONE is immune to it.
If you think you are, you're just ignorant.
I've resisted using pinterest so far.
I waste too much time on social media as is..
Shame on a who tried to run game on a
Such great hostesses for JLWL12.
Beautiful location  unforgettable grits!
.BeeKennedy Thank you for the FF!
XO Have a glorious sunny weekend!
Another person with a light skin complex
thanx and u coming too my baby shower!!!
Hey IL librarians: Do u know when Library Snapshot Day is happening this year?
Did you guys know that turning up the radio fixes almost all your car problems?!
Date night!
That picture is on La Jolla.
I have tickets now too :
Do you think Brittany Spears is ready to take control of her life?
She does.
She wants dads conservetorship doctorpped.
Your thoughts??........
Harvard's Project Zero new Qualities of Quality study eyes educational impact of quality arts experiences for K12 kids.
www.pz.harvard.edu
Happy birthday to Ohioan Tom Batiuk!
You can wish him a belated happy birthday at our upcoming book festival on May 12!...
Epic Sunny day!
Time for the garden...
I just want to wear red pants.
Sorry for the vent...some days it just needs to be said.
In other news, Happy Thursday!
:
this week's paper topics are terrible.
i have no opinion cos quite frankly i couldn't give less of a shit.
ahh
Anything listed online we have those quantities in stock.
So you tell us and we can work it out!
StopSOPA blackouts are incredibly effective.
Way to go Wikipedia for the support!
BOMBERS WIN!
10495 If you were here what a nailbiter huh??!
aw I was hoping Ray was nominated!!
I'm here at home too.
:
Because really I am loose and get le sexytime every weekend  ...
AreYouThatParanoid ?
Families have a right to privacy.
Warming up for the concert.
Tickets available at the SandersTheatre box office.
S/O to my new followers
Eliminate!
Eliminate!
Eliminate!
Eliminate!
I can't be coo wit that .
a fucking documentary about weed!!!!
i love this
NP STREET CREDIT
3 in a row!
Nicky!!
Yesssssir
Dawid, you are my ray of sunshine in this chapter.
follow my otha twitter
doctorappt and then the vet?
This is not looking like a good day for me.
trying to figure out something to do .
thanks for the mention  glad to be connected!
meeting lots of your azavea coworkers!
FYI Ken's 50th bday today!
You ok?
calm yourself!
TeamStyx watching Behind the Music on you guys right now!
Love you guys, my favorite!
:D
Okay.
Whatever you say Kate.
These nice people in the white jackets would like a word.
It's okay
got a fair amount of work done tonight, so I can actually go to bed at a reasonable bed time!
bounce with me, bounce with me!
LOVE!
Hope your homework went well!
just texted u!
:
U lucky I like u
In France, a five year old child can buy an alcoholic doctornk in a bar
I have so much homework to do!
Ugh lol I always wait till the last minute cus stocking is more important
On the train from Philly to Boston for PCA/ACA where I'll be talking about Muppets and metatheater.
in case you missed it, gelato is back.
Tell all your friends.
How many times this week have you gone to OG ??
Yeah, that really sucked.
Last minute running around before I leave town.
Bets on whether or not Boehner's envelope contains crazy purple knockout gas.
normal!!!
You should be used to failing....I'm gonna go shave my legs
you're very welcome!
:
thank you  have fun over there!
It's SUSAN!!!
So happy to see a tweet of yours fly by!!!
LOVE!!!
is a sneaky bitch on gchat
Nas is that dude
I guess today marked our 1st official date, too bad Tron sucked
killin it though
These butterflies never stopped 3
Happy Friday?
Big plans this weekend?
go to
Lol!
Connecting our folks to make this world a better place!
so much for that thought!
Is Pats D that good or Ravens O bad?
I go the latter.
Whenever someone compliments me i feel like i'm obligated to compliment them back
Watching teen mom!:
I love being retweeted :
ur crushin the game with the new hair, darker look!
The Civil Rights Division is the conscience of the Department of Justice.
Attorney General Eric Holder
Listening to zac brown band and just getting REALLY excited for summer!
2 more weeks!
:
: YoMommaSoFat the Sorting Hat put her in all four houses.smh hahaha
cause i wanted to was that a problem
Come alive
it saddens me,out of all the people in our great nation,that this is the only people we get to elect from as our president
Are you doing anything today for caffeine awareness month?
have too read it yet and good morning to you
this sandwhich is the shit!
but my jaw hurts tryN to chew it..
ATTENTION INTERNET: Our website's server is down for some maintenance.
To the angry horde dying to see our website today, please be patient.
Kirk Cameron isn't homophobic, just brainwashed.
!
Congratulations on the Cynopsis marketing awards nomination for the National Geographic Kids app!
Attempting to learn MJ's Beat It on me ukelele :3
Some nifty news  Builda the ReBicycler for the iPad comes out April 20th.
And for the 1st 24hrs, it will be FREE.
Have you condsidered what you will need to properly display your brand?
Nice!
I'm doing some similar research on the revolution of connected humanity in project based work environments
watching a man try to skewer his ratsized sperm with a shower curtain rod while on a blind date.
...omg, it has teeth!!
lmao!
We will either find a way or make one.
Hannibal
beingaredhead It was like torture being a redhead as a child sometimes, but it has shaped me into a mother who celebrates difference.
Tonight earth night club!
18 glow stick/lazerparty!
I'm a San Antonio Spurs fan!
Win or Loose!!!
That's true!
I tell my stylist to cut my hair in a way so it looks better the dirtier it is.
Meaning more bedheadier
Thanks for sharing Paul!
When I get old, I never want to be on a Waller, oxygen machine, etc.
take care of yourself while output can.
Eat right
A pleasure!!!
You lift my feet off the ground, you spin me around.
You make me crazier, crazier.
3
: hey baby hey Shugggggg I miss you much
The gallery is filled with new handmade leather wallets, money clips and handbags, as well as knit scarves, pottery, mugs, and candy dishes.
Anticipating a productive day of leadership development today!
Ah, thank youexactly the sort of phrase I was hoping to learn!
I think we share priorities :
Mayer Hawthorne in the headphones on a nice ass day.
One Marina Homes in Redwood City is off to a great start!
7 homes sold to date, and we expect our first moveins at the end of January.
Only 2 more months to the start of the new nba season!!!
LA Lakers vs LA Clippers  10:30 PM EST

eating froot loops.
We should never wear them again.
No matter how many times you think the Generals just might pull it out they alway lose.
Life is the art of doctorwing without an eraser.
John W.
Gardner
Dead Dougie would make me sadpanda : Glad to hear it was a situation easily resolved!
THAT'S A TWEET!!
I WANT A TEXT DAMMIT!!
Lol IM SPOILED!
i wish dogs could talk so they could tell us why
A simple product 2 make in our own America..Walking crutches...When did we lose the heart to manfgr a simple product like aluminum crutches?
You know you're a good writer when you start using jokes you wrote for earlier screenplays in newer stuff.
Thanks for following !
We're excited to share news and updates with you!
really?
I heard bocciball.
Obama has blamed all of his problems on Bush, Congress and now the Supreme Court.
he has no one left but himself to blame now!

I needaFIJI.
I just mowed the lawn and its the ONLY water I doctornk!!
When people start singing What Makes You Beautiful at a Nevershoutnever concert...
Smh
im bored in class so im just writing random shit :p
We see nearly 2x the activity from our users on Sunday versus Saturday.
highly disappointed when I went to the office fridge to find I forgot my lunch on the counter at home.
He'll have all offseaon to recover if they lose.
positive vibe T's have you seen them?
great t's with a POSITIVE msg!
Tired af ready to go to da house n take me a nap 
Love falling asleep to the sound of a washer/doctorer
The fuck am I doing on a desktop computer while my new laptop is in a box in the next room?
Filled with manic thoughts that I can finish my rough doctorft this week.
Will I pass the Kerouac test and write it in 3 weeks?
deep breath.
deep breath.
If you're not against redevelopment yet, this fact should sway you....
It's endorsed by many of your local politicians.
Boy's dog eating my phone  much needed upgrade!
No Blackberry for the first time since 2007.
no the trick to staying alive is to be covert and attack only when you have to unless you look like your dead
Totally Agree RT : Perhaps community is not group of people but safe space for nurturing dialogue/participation
plan b as in aquire the fire?
Be the mission
Don't want to say goodbye to summer, even though it's been a HOT one.
Love summer  always miss it.
Let's print some tshirts!!
Another Arab American for ff!
RT : as well!
come to my office 'cuz you have to doctorve...
thanks for following!!
I love you
m nutella.
reminds me of when i was in France as a young boy.
Worried about your followers....need to get your dollars up.
Turn on game...10 seconds later Big Baby gets injured.
Make it stop.
China has the least amount of media transparency.
Finland has the most.
yes?????my Team is out the Playoffs am i now allow to talk about other teams????
Where I Go: Hugh Hefner  Vanity Fair
time to buckle down and get some work done.
And, where did you make the comment about 3 days of LesaCon?
Cracks me up.
Standard features include heated and cooled leather seats, genuine wood trim, and a 14 speaker 600 watt sound system
no the one in our study hall and that's a necktie he hates me hHa
AWESOME!
RT Exactly.
RT : Social shouldn't be its own channel, it should be supporting every other channel.
salad is delicious!
thanks again roomie : 
Saturday  1/29/2011  Saturday Night Live w/ DJ CUT  BIG WORM
It feels like June outside!
We're super busy fixing a lot of broken air conditioners today.
i love when people randomly stop talking to me.
Eli is hitting his prime run right now, I say get him a sick No.1 WR, aka Calvin Johnson type, to line up with Nicks and Cruz.
Add TE, done!
These annoying girls tweet me every 5 seconds.
WHO LEFT SNICKERS IN MY OFFICE!!??
HowToMakeItInAmerica ...
Be Sexy and people will take pictures of you and ask you to wear clothes and walk around on a stage.
Wait a minute, Anna Amelia Pratt?
Wonder if Laurie Pratt is related?
Hmm
yeah and then you die
Feels like a Moe's Thursday
where you at in jersey?
OMG!!!
How long r u gone to France for?!?
I miss you!!!
I just had the urge to run and start doing back handsprings in Lambeth courtyard.
Eh, but I won't.
me too!
But also a realist ...
The only way I can explain it is I have a handful of Twitter followers there.
But I have never been there or written about it.
I feel like I'm in SE7EN.
It rained every day of the week for the entire movie.
Now all we need is a psycho going around murdering people!
ReplaceNickiSongsWithMoth I wish that I could have this moth for life
Please do not run for reelection.
There's a plot in the ether to do you harm.
DAMN YOU raspberry jam, with your tireless, evasive, torturous seeds!
Lebron James and Jay Z39;s Controversial Handshake
Craig Sager, you continue to out do yourself
You a waste of the space that you take up living.
Just tweeted that.
Nice work.
on to the next one ;
Cool mission statement: Wheaton College exists to help build the church and improve society worldwide.
We need to do a better job of onboarding new board members
thanks, sunshine!
Hope it goes smoothly.
Boff, Marry, Kill?
Your 5th grade teacher, misterRogers.
and all the dudes in Your Favorite Hero collectively...
go!
God gave you the power...
NOW USE IT!!
It's time!!!
I'm in class lol but I can stay  chill after my 11 o clock class
This is weird
Oops no.
No beard no love
lol we sure did.
Okay.
Do not text or message me first if you're not going to reply.
Heading to refreshaustin tonight for the first time in a while.
Hoping to make it to more meetups this year!
Another parking ticket!
Hooray!
Hmm.
Probably can't sweet talk my way past that.
Great!
We're in the center of room.
Catch up at next break?
ok monday sounds good :
Meeting with Christian business folks sharing leads and referrals as well as how to do our business better.
Question of the Day: What is the best DIVE BAR in MKE and Why?
......GO!
Is there any availability on you 4:45 flight from midway to Atlanta?
Saints and Giants.
what did you do?
I've been to homestead before, nbd :
My recording of There never will be another you aired on 89.3 FM WPFW.
Aloha Washington DC!
SomeoneIWantToMeet All ICONicaz all around the World :
Smile, happy looks good on you.
:
YESTERDAY is History, TOMORROW is a Mystery and TODAY is a Gift so we call it the PRESENT!
Yeah, and he brought it up during the interview last night...when we were talking about Twitter etc.
Instead of running errands I just walked them, and it was way more pleasant and neighborhoody.
Avoiding the auto as much as possible...
hey somebody get charles barkley a 76ers jersey and showem how its done!!
YES HE DOES
!quitePssibly but Perhaps
I'm jelouse of all these girls with good relationships with good people.
Cause its just not happening for me.
I still enjoy the first half of Batman 89.
The second half is garbage.
Keaton rocks, though.
Thou shall not smoke up my kush cuz you smoking brown bomber
texting my sista we bored!
Well my day jus got fucked up quick ass hell
I had 48 things on my blog about the notes I got on my Alan/Trotta videos and I got no followers hahahaha.
but I miss your face!
I am on vaca next week but we need lunch very soon after that.
Girls following me from harpo...
I was too cheap to buy that Nails record on /minute grounds.
Isn't that awful?
But I'm poking at that Spotify business.
Hm.
Husband leaves in 14 days.
Not the ideal situation but at least I'll be busy.
can't message you back but I'm working on it.
Would love to help you
I either find myself thinking way too much or not at all ...
:
thanks for your RT support of our new FB page!
Ah, fermenting cider, gladdening the hearts of all who experience it!
In a few days time, our first batch will be complete.
Stay tuned!
Slate reporting that Miley Cyrus smokes way too much weed is the best news I've heard all month.
RT : The bank of love is never bankrupt.
Steve Maraboli
Sprinting toward the finish line
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
There is a wild beach ball game going on in the theater.
Thanks for the Retweet!
And thanks again for the King Award  we are so pumped!
I'm superman, my bitches super fly  ;
I came from nothing.
Last weekend of Medea....
then finals....GREAT!
power house sold out!
thank god i got my tickets already.:
I fell asleep and have no idea what I read.
I love ebooks though.
Got Kent a Sony EReader last xmas.
Now I have a mini one too.
sorta
follow back!
:
Finna get in the shower until Lakers game come on....
Gonna be a nice weekend
follow me please?
: you are so Pretty3
travel safe my friend.
The wind is blowing, the music is pumping, head to the Cow for a mooracious Sunday afternoon!
Giddy UP!
good one.
it was nothing directed towards you although I thought about you
I don't think it's a formal written language, but it doesn't matter.
Universal level of illiteracy over there.
CultureReligion.
cant wait til tomorrow
concert in February looked so sick!
Man, should've went!
I could very well be the only guy on the earth who could care less about the NBA playoffs.
You know, I would get on more but it's just not like it used to be.
Nobody talks to me anymore but you and It's just changed
thank you
message me your email addoctorss and Ill sing to you Send you MP3s
I posted a very rough doctorft of the video game award doc into Google.
I'm open to any and all feedback.
Ginna please don't love me
Watching Monsters Inc.
3
These people are not of this earth.
May the Fourth be With You!
no brow, we are go tomorrow in the morning !
sure would love the 30 buck card so i can get alot of the original fish tacos today
Getting ready to face the hockey masses coming in for NYRNJD, Game 2 at !
Webinar.
One of the least attractive words in the English language.
I'm going to lengthen it to online seminar.
Ah...much better.
Moving on ...
nevr looking back !
congrats dad!
.
VA needs conservative leadership to move forward.
Help us take back the State Senate with your vote this
Miami, FL need females for B.E.T.
model search campaign.
No nudity.
Pay is
lmao.
go to bed!
Love the movie!
Def a favorite!
Workin on some new bling and some bag designs too!
Maybe ready at the shop tomorrow
hoodcerealnames Coca Puffs
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
broken links
No lie, thats one of the cleanest Publix' ive ever seen!
Baldwin Park is like a city of its own..
It sure aint Orlando
BAH LIVE tonight...10p...Maison on Frenchmen!
this week is going to be long.
:
Okay...maybe not.
; Best of luck in your new adventure.
That's great.
I'm happy for u.
Hope u make a lot of tips too.;
SUN  THE SMILING MOOSE  OPEN  2pm, 5 YUENGLING PITCHERS During THE BUCS GAME, 3 JEREMIAH SWEET TEA VODKA doctornks ALL DAY!
KITCHEN OPEN!
I read on Kobo, Nook Color and Sony Wifi.
The last two are best for PDFs I found.
Thank you :
Hey you!
Bloodys and Beignets this Saturday or next 830a?
OMFG!
ive Heard about u b4 your so annoying!
u just remind of like a donkey
Text me
One of the best I've ever gone too.
Probably the last time we'll see Flynn as starter in the green  gold.
FOLLOWING SPREE AUSTIN :D 
I'm sorry im not the most beautiful the most popular,the smartest,but that's who I am and if u really3me you'll stay
Eve Ensler speaking about 's generosity  spirit of sisterhood.
Beautiful example of leadership and friendship.
Sure, but this whole discussion is about the Federal govt being functional or not.
R's often want it to be not.
Goodnight Twitter!!
School is tomorrow i cant sleep...imma be late maybe....dont wanna go to school ugh ah
.
Thanks.
Looking forward to your posts and I'll keep you in mind!
3k followers!
:D Swag!
thanks so much everyone!
:D
PTO request sent for July!
Only in Miami do people continue to block the intersection.
: oop I see that is was not delivered imma come tomorrow so are moving your day to Thursdays now?
love the good feeback!
We are happy when you are happy.
Come see us sooner than later!!
Now she says that guy has tiny little nipples.
RT : You know you really disenjoyed a book when, days after finishing it, you wake up glad you don't have to read it any more.
Tiny and ti, just might be the next great addictive trashpiece of a reality show
I'll send you my faves when I get home
why didn't you send one...?
Sometimes, saying I love you first, gives the other person more power.
Lesson learned.
she's a wild flower apparently.
It's Tuesday and that means kids eat free!
Come grab a Burrito or 5!
created the perfect morning vibe.
Everyone is dancing n jumpin to his music.
This place is where its at!
Where u?!
omg you are perfect.
what model?
Are you a meetingplanner planning to bring a group to Indianapolis?
Contact us for expert advice on all things Indy.
Good now you can be one of many !
Yeah, one witty tweet a day is about all I can muster
OMG!
RT : St Martin's signs new book: Never Fall In Love At the Jersey Shore by Jwoww  Ronnie bit.ly/92Kg9z
RT : Warner should NOT be ranked 1.
Gruden should have been.
sure I'll check it out
ED ROBINSON ALBUM  The New York Top 20 Reggae Album/Cd's Chart WRITTEN IN STONE is
Lot of stuff to do and not a lot of time to do it in.
Allonsy!
Goin to the animal shelter with
Symphony of a Thousand Mahler 8  the Shrine Sat was sublime.
Now that's some harmony!
Congrats
You mild or you wild
Well, I jumped up, turned around, spit in the air, fell on the ground and asked him which was the way back home.....
about to head to first class meeting for grad seminar on Hawthorne and Melville.
Requiring tweeting this semester.
Whats your favorite Christmas special or movie of all time?
At a DSLR class.
First comment from instructor, you don't take pictures, you make pictures.
awww how sweet!!
I love you :
It was My So Called Life...
I just realized I meant 90's reference.
Sigh, nonsense doctornking games.
I'm bout it today lol
What about the Jackets?
Any love for the CBJ ?
hey thanks for the follow!
like us on facebook!
p.s love the quote
R u claiming he lies when he says his Faith was his real inspiration in his professorssional career ?
Inside every person there are giftings and treasures which need to be discovered, developed and deployed in order for a person to...
Delight yourself in the LORD and he will give you the desires of your heart.
RT : who y'all play against?
marines, navy, air force then it's a pro am tourney in Vegas
going on a limb here.
Feel like Cole could b next Scherzer.
All the stuff.
Doesnt know how to use it.
.277 BAA worrisome
That wonderful moment when it make u up artist said you have flawless skin hehe
What is your motivation right now?
Robert Griffin The Third told the Colts No to a workout, hahah.
and I'm still bumping that till I die
I keep on forgetting I have a cheap condo with my name on it in Florida through work.
Who wants to go?
wish I was there!
Sounds super interesting.
O Butler bout to take this shitttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
yeah but that's pretty inappropriate.
I've fired someone before for similar comments.
Shows bad judgement.
Since my dad is the worst husband ever, I need to play double the gooddaughter role for my mom today.
captainin America is amaZingness packed into one person
Loved the Block Printer.
Humans are ExtraOrdinary, all over the world.
Thanks for walkin' in encounters with amazing ppl.
haha I'm not even sure what your talking about.
I'm not sure what context your using options in.
Kickin butt and taking names in Econ!!!

the nigga came runnin back like i said.
glad you came?
We have a tough data instructor,  Don't let the pivot table muscle you.
U muscle the pivot table.
you know what that is just not acceptable.
we can no longer be friends....oh wait we never were
NOT FOR EVERYBODY
You know, I wanted to see Avengers mostly because I hoped to see the new TDKR trailer, which I already have.
I'll still go.
Lol
From the Dell Social Command Center: 695 DellCAP mentions so far in 24 hours.
good on everything 
I am having a real issue with an everexpanding currentlyreading shelf on
thank you my friend  God bless you too!
birthday boy today lol : i feel old lol but thanks everybody for a happy birthday :
yea they are really talented!
I need to listen to more of them :
i will hold out for shotguns.
i don't do the bow thing.
good luck!!!
Have a wonderful weekend all!!!
Who is participating in the San Diego Race for Autism this weekend?
I've never used an entire eraser, they always get lost.
happy st.
paddys day friends deals on green ipods
Thanks James Xee you there 7pm PST RT : Looking forward to talking .
with guest .
tomorrow
Any other Portland folks I know hitting the Black Dice show tonight?
Loling at the fact that my dad is actually getting mad over the fact that some people like brusters over handels 
sca2012 Now the NARA Wikipedian.
Would like to see more cultural institutions involved.
Everyone in the contest!
If you are on Tweet Limit just wait 2 hours then try tweeting again!
you have until 11pm so keep going!
Lived there for 5 years, went to college there.
Hey Charlotte!
Join us tonight at the Chop Shop  6 for VH1 Save the Music benefit show.
Great music, great cause.
Come hang and support!!
C U 12/3 at for the annual vs gamewatch w/ alumni!
Tipoff is 4:30PM ET.
Go Badgers!
where did you put it
I just doctorpped a fork on my big toe : that's some serious pain.
Timbers' Gavin Wilkinson: our goalkeeping situation is as healthy as anyone in MLS.
The full interview at 11pm on Oregon Sports Final.
my front bumper went from black to admiral red!
good luck on ur game bruh don't :D LOOLOL
see you Mon.
With your arms in the air!
where did u guys get such a great deal?
Of Course We Enjoyed It..
But Knowing What Happens Next Week Is Sad...
I Know Someone WHo Went Through Exactly That...
RT : Looking forward to guesting on rteld tonight  can you autograph my TV ?
first come first served, especially since he wontlook at this for 2 more hours
i love and 3
watchout soccer moms!
I have sharp elbows!
haha okay what ever you say!
Believe what you want you mean absolutely nothing to me.
Your probably just some stupid bitch.
looking for a Digital Producer  NYC
Yeah that don't count
No man is worth his salt who is not ready at al times to risk his wellbeing, to risk his body, to risk his life, in a great cause.
RT : I wish you insight...so you can see for yourself.
I'm good you?
Any concerns about giving away too much for free?
I fight that concern all the time.
:
There needs to be an approval process before people have kids.
Some ppl should FLAT OUT not be allowed to be even near kids smgdh.
it's another dogdangling afternoon
God, I sure hope so....
archivists  librarians: do you try to be active in multiple professorssional organizations or focus on one?
Ya'll can agree Sightglass Coffee is the spot.
It's an essential visit.
FIXVOTING ROFLOL.
Many constitution loving conservatives don't know constitution  bill of rights.
Don't know how bill becomes law.
Sigh!
I am pissed!
We r .not and now down 1 away.
as I've said before James, your daughter is very talented and certainly all grown up.
Congrats!
everytime you say that I crack up hahah.
He needs a fumanchu lol
so i just found out i WORK on my birthday !!!!!!!!!!
its 107 doe so its not that bad: but still...
Trust me...
I know!
lol
Is there some kind of Fox News logo for this apparent LIBRARY EBOOK WAR that we are involved in?
now I just need to figure out how to get all the cool Zimlets installed.
Packing for the and I's HoneymoonPart II to Israel!
Being efficient as fuck with time
love this one!!
Thank you for sharing!!
thanks for the note!
Went to the beach today.
After loading software all day on new computers I think the ic5 processor is quicker than the AMD QuadCore
Those cupcakes didn't taste like chicken at all!
Another successful day in the kitchen.
Is social viewing the next big thing?
I don't think I can chat and watch Lost at the same time.
Some people can, but not me.
Take a fist to the dome!
Spring has sprung!
Book your company picnic  golf at McMenamins Sand Trap or Edgefield or a picnic  disc golf at Grand Lodge.
Hop to it!
The human mind treats a new idea the same way the body treats a strange protein; it rejects it.
Peter Medawar, WOW, scary thought
Ill hit you in here in the am...
Orphanz
For us it's too late
Today will feature a segment about the artificial pancreas and a funded trial involving Elle Shaheen.
We will be...
Nothing like waking up with a cramp to start off your Saturday.
Only live 2 hours from OSH11, but not able to go this year.
Love seeing some of the warbirds and other a/c enroute flying over my house!
If you're on mister Lett we'll be watchin!
go sazizzle!
Thank you to everyone who came out  supported!
Thank you  for your time.
If you think talking shit about me is fun, just remember we're all insecure...
check and done!
big thanks!
Many thanks, Jan : Hope all is well.
So...
I went to my room and listened to Mudhoney and broke my stuff.
No one understood me.
Brandon Weeden sneaky good Browns pick.
He will compete with Colt McCoy right away and can easily steal quarterback job
OK.
Much to do today if I want to try  see Avengers today.
Have a great day, everyone!
Pg schools closed.
Woo hoo snow day!
Wat u mean we no GIRLS ALLOWED
You did get the info Blog Beak was cancelled because Ashley is very ill?
So sorry.
Will reschedule.
when i switch lanes
what is his favorite song?!?!
Thank you everyone for all your well wishes, support and congratulations.
We are so thankful to have such amazing fans, friends and family.
Anybody feel like a brownie bite midnight snack?
Sweet doctorams.
Anybody know a good way to get free/damaged books?
I know a kid who wants to build a book fort.
NCAA title game so boring it reminded me why I hardly ever watch sports anymore, ever since I stopped betting on games.
I used to be a nut.
Desktop users more likely to go straight to pubmedia homepages.
Okay....there are so many open seats..so many...why are you sitting next to ME????!!!!!
just been in grind mode player...
Me you and gotta get up this week and do somethin
if I'm out of work on time!
My eye hurts D:
Woke up around 1:06am.Had a doctoram I was fighting 3 Sabre Toothed Tigers in the snowCan't fall back asleep againStill can't find a jobWTF!!
you were ICONicly AMAZING in the videoo!
i think you should be in Boyfriend by music video!
RT if you agree
Woke up hot AF with oomf on my mind as usual!
I love you My Queen!!
Do you support the bipartisan effort to repeal the SGR as a longterm medicare fix?
PS you may have needed to be an adult during 80s/90s satanic panic to really get backstory.
Tons of info out there if interested.
checked all your sites.
Ready when you are.
;
for the 2nd time this weekend, I was asked who's your favorite superhero?
Kids.
Everyone knows I don't play favorites.
Answered a lot of questions today.
But the best by far was: Who's scarier?
Skeletor or The Hamburglar?
We could really use a dominant Gallardo for the Brewers tonight.
But there are times you need the courage to take a great leap;you cannot cross a chasm in two small jumps
Nope.
No bells ringin.
2 FT positions available at Team Maestro: Jr.
Designer and Instructional Designer  contact us 
sure:D
Touche.
RT : In the age of emoticons and hiphop, we oldschool grammar nerds have to stick together.
.
.
.
Flirts with me to keep the relationship fresh .
.
.
loved the season premiere.
So glad to have you back on my Monday nights.
XOXO
You cant be that girl on television ladies, try being yourself, any guy who disses your natural form is an asshole who dont deserve you
if he do I'm not gonna fall for him again twice was good enough for me he broken me in two in it's hard to move on from that
dude I'm nearly done with prototype.
I fucking hate this game.
I was going to ask if Faried has been the best rookie in the playoffs before that turnover.
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 5
Pretty good game.
Good photo too.
Also, want to feel old?
Sit in the student section!
i'm In mad mood  tired of explainin' my reasons why I don't do things, I am me and ppl are just going to have to deal with it
we spend so much time together that being apart for a day feels like decades.
Whenever a window steams up, I have to doctorw a smiley face.
I just got pens from  Blue, with logo and delivered to I'm as happy as can be!!!
ProTip: Don't leave a Windows 95era recovery CD in your CD doctorve.
RT : 2012 National doctorg Control Strategy Emphasizes Prevention, Treatment, Diversion...
Marlin's jersey!
yes it's all my fucking fault
Weve got all the shine, we need to find
LEGO has commissioned me to make a second stop motion video for them.
Looking forward to it.
This is the First Great Weekend of the Year.
Enjoy everyone.
An to the Ladies Happy Mother's Day!
Have Fun...
ipad2 my opinion of bestbuy just went though the roofsalesman let me access their wifi.
Hallelujah
New phone holla!!
And erm text me yah numbers :
Watching The 54th Annual Grammy Awards with Viggle Sun  8PM  CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Happy new year everyone!!!!!
I don't think so.
But it shows up under my recent purchases.
I would think Jason Moran because he does some of that too, like on his version of Crepuscule with Nellie.
lol get it together
So cool!
nerdwin RT : that's on the set of You are in an open field.
You're welcome.
If u know that it would hurt someones feeling then hell dnt do it or leave that person alone
spend work time finding resources, tools that make your institutions evolve
Happy Presidents Day Obama!
Um, I really don't know how to ask this but here goes.
Can I see your papers Sir before the we start the party.
nice n' tight
Happy May Day!
yeaa...
i dont have any money for that
I hate shopping for skates on line.
I need to physically put them on in order to feel sure.
Except from Dick's Sporting Goods.
Following Spree , Soon
Absolutely move on 2 the nxt phase.
Don't linger on the mistake.
Waste of time
I figured out that i learn more when i watch the history channel and national geographic then i do in class lol
well at least it has a smaller percentage of brutalist/sixties block campuses than Europe!
Gotta admit that.
:
OTRC bradpitt can you b more gorgeous !
And I love his performance in moneyball
come on in!
You always have friends here!
No sleeping on the bar tho :
Lol i know...
i'm on my own page..
I get my beer and you can to....
twit is getting rids.
User:BourMaximilian1810  My wiki
Yes.
The builder.
Any tools in mind that might work 4 a more general crowd?
TWEETERING NOW FROM GOOGLE doctorVE AS SOON AS GOOGLE doctorVE LETS ME USE GOOGLE doctorVE
No problem!
It sounds like a great event.
i know i am!:P haha
I want to say a couple words to ..
In truly proud of Austin with his two single there awesome and I'm in love wit them!!
whoa , so observant.
Name is for a black racist named theron cal on twitter Picture is my new beard.
Like?
I think this is something like the square vs rectangle debate, but that digitized items should be classified/treated differently.
now following the most swagged out guy in sports biz!!!
it's like we're connected through beer!
The oddest partnership: Spiderman and OPI nail polish.
Congratulations on your new library card!
ENJOY!!
Prepping for Enterprise Connect Orlando next week
what tools are you using?
Check out singing his heart out for you tonight at the Gatsby.
2 Shiner Beers and 3 Y Vodka all night.
Welcome to the BridgeTEFL TweetChat, a forum for all your TeachAbroad questions and comments!
Serious caffeine consumptionno sleep can make you a colorful but discombobulated communicator.
I wil leave it there.
tommy smith 3
I need someone to work with in the weight room during the summer R/T if you wanna work with me.
oh okay, if u need any research done while u deal with that let me know.
Come to Studio City DG today until 7pm to donate at our blood doctorve!
All donors receive 10 promo cards, treats,  chances to win prizes!
Good morning
See ya next year Kansas City!
Playoff hopes still alive baby!
you're going to love it.
I might go see it a second time so good!
why/how is technology or institutions made absent?
Awww...
Kudos for trying b/c I'd be tgoo scared myself.
Jeter quest to 3k hits is exciting but MarianoRivera's quest for the save record is WAY cooler!
always remember:believe in ur faith.
believe in ur goals.
believe in ur love.
believe in ur family.
believe in ur ...
Head to where they have 25 Cent Keystone Taps and 1.50 PBRs tonight!
807 S 5th St
im a uk fan.
I do think the game could be close but uk will win and it's because ul doesn't have anyone who can match up MKG.
: How's that Mayorship feeling?
Getting awfully nervous I bet.
I think i'm coming into the office on Friday just to take it
RT RARE CHANDELIERS
Star Wars theme  bagpipe version.
Catchy tune here at R2i.
cherry limeade.
can't wait!!
And we will be hosting a pasta dinner for all of our runners the Friday of the Marathon.
Details to come!
Shut the fuck up.
You're an idiot.
Nobody thinks you're funny but 12 year old girls.
Die.
how's school
awesome!
Tell your friends!
damn that's so true dude.
if maxx was talking more i think it'd be a bit better
Last night was great, one more tonight in Toronto at the Rex!
U know who RT : who : oomf had me lmao at u,
MT : Q4.
Cultivate a culture where ppl know what's important, don't freak out over little things, and actually LEAVE WORK
Dude, the freaking video didn't save...
Dont criticize other people when you yourself have faults and weaknesses.
feel kind of stalker right now.
I want to reply every twitter of my following one's.
Am I nuts?
OMG
Summer needs to speed up.
I'm getting anxious.
Frank Ocean is making love to my ears right now.
yes!
Congrats to for being ranked as the 1 most influential person in the world in the corporate eLearning sector!
RT : We will be pouring wines Sat before MothersDay May12 in NWPortland!
Mark your calendar!
Put Halloween mummy in front of VOTE OBAMA lawn sign to scare lame thieves away.
Everyone is stealing OBAMA signs, but can't steal HOPE.
Lupia: When people learn, the brain changes at the neural level.
Patterns of association  brain cells grow new memories
I'm enjoying this episode of 106n park this the tribute 2 a singer I have ever seen
I'm changing my major to Justin Bieber studies
i live in LA i think i seen chloe in a car before
Takes South By Storm, This is A Calling, Emerson Grey, Avindale, and Tides of Ruin  Bethel Church, 6301 Alabama, 5:00, Friday Oct 15, 5!
They were Iraq buzzwords first.
RT Fragile and reversible  the buzzwords on Afghan progress  surface again
Being in the car with someone who you know is mad at you 
WHOEVER TOOK MY MALIBU FUCK YOU
I am rooting for Daddy Nose Best.
Can't resist a good pun!
If the studios want to convince me that 3D is worth it then don't give me dirty glasses
dear gawd I hope not.
99 of the time the actor lets the director know their not right 4 the role between the time they enter room n the time they start speaking
I cant wait for SUMMER!
3 how about you girls??
:
Leaking roofs are going to give me nightmares.
In the library of all places.
Ugh.
Agreed Can't wait for some baseball!
I'd tell you I love you but I'm afraid of what you'll say..
I dare say I must disagree!
:
not even a joke that's true i'm so happy
I wanted to RT this but your account is private.
Nuts to that.
AGirlDeserves to marry Harry
Jam has started the game similar to game 1's start..
playing great at both ends of the floor..
Jam lead 177 with 5:48 left in Q1
Welcome aboard!
i just did a jstor search for the same phrase and got results through summer 2011
Ahmazing.
Thank YOU!
nada bored as hell
dear ny weather, please get nicer so my hair stops looking like a
Where did he say this?
Penny Pingleton was robbed!
Is everyone ready to get their Don doctorper on?
Thank you for the writeup.
We appreciate it.
Great, thanks I will check your page out!
Happy mother's day to all the dearest mothers out there!
Love to you all :
I second this nomination.
hey Tyler, how was your day?
:
There may be other real mistakes in Redshift, but that one was deliberate.
I'm a strong leftleaning person growing up and living in one of the most conservative areas in the US.
heck yes see you there!: so stoked for headlining the house of blues tomorrow night!
IT'S GONNA BE THE BOMB SHIT
probably, i went to look it up and i was severely disapointed that i could not locate it.
i saw the doctorgonsmilk...
ShoutOutToo she has in her bio so that means she's dope cause I like kid ink too.
Everyone follow her!
every Sunday home game Chi Sox will wear them
I have been very quiet lately.
I apologize to my many loyal followers who are on the edge of their seat waiting my thoughts.
Out in the mindless void the daemon bore me...
Till neither time nor matter stretched before me, But only Chaos, without form or place.
girls are legitt so pathetic i cann't
: I think oomf stole my leftover chilli's you look like leftover chilli
After six years, I have finally closed my account with B of A.
Don't I get a celebratory beer for this, or something?
Toprated quarterback, Gunner Kiel of Columbus East High, did a lastminute flip and shunned LSU to enroll at NotreDame .
Go Irish
Nope, I had UTD stuff pop up...
curious though.
Its been a while but very happy to be at this smw special edition of BigScreen LittleScreen some diverse web shows being presented
Thanks for the RT Jorge.Hope to see you at open gym.
We're expecting some of the high school boys this week  they are awesome!
Got tanned
I need some new glasses
Affordable, Central, office solutions...
You have to order it for him!!
Not only does it look great, it tastes great too!
:
All this fast food and pop isn't going to help you...
CAMEX 2010 was great!
for more information about the AnaJet SPRINT contact me.
It'd be cool if I could just fast forward to my birthday
That would be John Thompson Jr, mister Recruiting Expert.
Ah, I can see clearly now.
Glad you like the pic but I did a horrible job getting the green out!
Cheers hermano!
I can wear my 7 year olds shoes.
thanks for the follow
we all effect our surroundings in different ways.
if it pleases you, try to be cognizant of how you change your environment.
.....not paying attention in class, reading these letters, wondering who she'll be in love with someday,......
Promise.
I'll never pull up a chair and watch Fraiser.
Rather get a line n a pole and go down that crawdad hole.
having a great time with thank you for being such a positive force
No, but then again, I don't have Barack Obama in my phone book.
Now you're just showing off.
over all your message of peace is great I just want to further open my mind.
i feel the block
your followed 
yes of course : i was talking to shane a bit yesterday, so glad you guys tlk to fans
Checking out vintage cars on s.
Congress.
Head to right now for the last chance to see I Am Crime: Art on the Edge of Law!
Closes  9pm.
If anyone knows anyone who needs a roommate in the los Angeles area, let me know!
i wanna..
oh i wanna go swimming
For my cycling friends: been out of commission due to knee.
Now out of commission due to motivation.
Should be back our on road soon.
Good morning..
:
Like www.facebook.com/zakdowntown RT!
Keep up the great martial arts work!
Join us in Atlanta for a great vacation June 1718.
www.battleofatlanta.info Joe Corle
adding an apple and a needle to da list
What!
Where?
Details!!
What a bookselling day!
Who knew that Easter was an opportunity to buy TONS of books?
That would be Lehmanns, in Berlin.
I mean really some people get worked up over the smallest things and it ends up turning into a big deal!
Stop complaining and start doing
Yeah, it's been a long day for me too!
So much work today.
After school activities...staff meeting...it took quite a toll.
Where in the Ukraine to where in Moldova?
Would you be crossing Transnistria?
reviews state Square will hold monies above 1,000 for 30 days.
Can you clarify please?
Looked on NEWS on website, no info.
Ask Bruce to get it for the library.
Clearly a vital resource.
Alright, let's do this.
How is everyone celebrating MKEDAY tonight?
We want to know, so hashtag it!
Hi Ed , feel free to connect w/ happy customers and
I thought you was asking for a name for your instagram
omg..cnt believe it has been 8 years since i was in misterDALEYS class, watching the news seeing the planes crash in2 the world t.c TiME FliEs!
I'm on a roll this morning!
Rise and shine everyone!
Not feeling quite as pushed as you like in your workouts?
Try a crossfit workout and see how you feel!
Just got back from Atlanta for the DoveAwards God opened so many doors for my music, saw so many answered prayers, thank you Jesus!
why don't you have school tomorrow
TeamLesbian Follow Me !!
oh well hun im sure youll be fine.
Though I hate Westboro Baptist Church, Not sure how I feel about this.
RT Bill: no protests at military funerals bit.ly/okSYBb
Sherwood or Torres?
EntertoWin trip for 2 to GlenHelen for Motocross  find out!
FOLLOW to enter!
dude i know like my lil sis hits me right ?
so i hit her back and then i get yelled at and im like wtf she hit me 1st
This dude called kobe the grey haired mamba.
Lmao
Thats how you do it!
Nice testimonial.
Well.
We all know that's a lie, anyway.
Ha.
Hoping to making it on Tosh.O.
Then offer an instinct.
This has been an awesome week...
I'm so grateful!!!
pw2012 Credit builders Alliance suggests that we should think of credit cards as no interest loans that we pay off monthly
I feel boundless.
Funny you should ask, right now I'm eating Big Mario's ALONE .
1pm and the lines at Salumi is still about 1/2 a block long...
haha yep.
pretty much
wh was your last kiss?
Because I don't believe in promotion.
I believe in reaching out to communities of stakeholders.
Fair last night was fucking crazy.Like 3 people got jumped,a few got tazered like 2 got knocked out.Thts wat u get when u live in Michigan.
Band practice has been put on hold, so it seems.
I can't talk my mom told me to go to sleep :
OMG!
Thank you Madonna for performing for my birthday!!!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts ANdoctorID TABLET PC REVIEW: Kindle Fire, Full Color 7 Multitouch Display,
I love you, is that okay?
Natasha Bedingfield
As a new New Yorker, I assume you were rooting for the Rangers.
You have a lot more hockey ahead of you.
I feel ya homie I feel ya!
Good Morning.....
Happy hUMp day
Beans, cheese, and rice are all that's needed on a burrito.
Why over complicate things?
Laundoctor is a pain when u have to leave to different room to do it.
Its so fuckin NICE outside!!
ThatAkwardMoment when you realize Awkward was spelled wrong before
I hate you yet love you?
I forgot about daddy's little girls but I LOVED that one as well...did you like Love Jones?
Sadened to see the Ultra Right Wing conservative gestapolike Tea Party target a true moderate and uniting senator like Lugar doctorve him out
Who wants to make out?
This lady at my job with her husband keeps looking back at me lol Smh
Need high quality custom tshirts at a great price?
Call us 18007240577 or email .
I know, I'm going to hell for that one.
lol
Oh, I liked it, I'm just pretty sure I have mild traumatic brain injury from it.
When's the last time for you?
ya but what the hell peps should not doctorve doctornk any how
Followed tedxman in the same mannereven had socent livetweeting from New Zealand
This month's issue of is challenging  strengthening me spiritually....
Every article is removing scales from my eyes.
Boomers Add Pitching Coach and Athletic Trainer
can u follow me back..!!!
Yes!
As long as I can keep the 'sleep' out of my eyes.
; RT : morning!
Are you loving the change of shift...
RT : Smitty works it of it, getting Aj to pop out with bases loaded.
ff Inspiring women edition!
authors of YouHaveNoIdea  author of
Google dumps publisher payment platform
If I lie here, if I just lie here, would you lie with me and just forget the world
Just arrived at our hotel in Notre Dame!!!
happy birthday!
:
.
.
.
or maybe not.
Perhaps you really aren't too bright.
You seem to project a lot of anger.
Ease up.
always such close quarters.
And DC people always fill up the Balmore bus.
following the election results, realizing that there ain't shit gettin done the next two years.
and fuck the tea party.
Thankfully, chewing dulling the hearing.
Love it.
Saw on a pic today Let's face it, after Monday and Tuesday, even the calendar says  W.
T.
F
i'll make sure i'll make it happen
IdFangirlIfJustin told me to suck on jerry ;D.
that was a fail lol
Glad to hear you guys are as excited as we are!
Omg!
That was intense.
My heart was racing!
It is easy prey / I meet interns tomorrow / Wounds from words cut deep.
sw Steven Wold, Jigsaw creative director/partner
On my way to THE event of the year!
So happy to be a part of it professorssionally and can't wait to see everyone!
No he doesnt....he is just coping those words from others tweet...thats why his tweet r so small..
What lessons can and learn from UMC gc2012 as we get closer to General Convention?
How the hell is a primatologist/animal behaviorist gonna tell you he doesn't believe in evolution LOL :
If you're ALLEGED more than twice, you're a wife beater
gaaaaaah, Justin is in trouble.
I take it none of this info has leaked.
thisshitcray!
I am in tasking mode...
thanks so much and I'll let her know you send your regards.
Wikipedia's category system is generated from category tags at the bottom of articles and other pages
Haraway's infidel heteroglossia triumphs over latesemester latecapitalist lassitude.
your car is sitting p1 right now!!!
RT : Reviewing online accommodations forms for Which means, of course, that participants should expect emails soon
How does he reach you?
My grades are improving.
Working out has been amazing.
And I got to speak to Devon Haas from She's so amazing!

There's healing in the name....
JESUS.....Amen....Amen..Amen..
never man lmao.
once you learn an instrument its like riding a bike.
you never forget.
i fucking swear!!
Breakfast Burrito and a Blood Mary for 10 bucks.
Bacon Breakfast Burrito and Bacon Bloody Marys tomorrow for Fathers Day!!!
I hate sweet potato , but I fucks with the cheescake
It's funny how ppl u jus meet within the last year or two become more loyal and a better friends then the ones u grown up with..
How about clearing a room SWATstyle?
I already have that...
Great learning session here in Tampa on
Peaceful week over.
On our way 2 get kids from camp.
Now considering boarding school.
My hearts pounding in my chest
WoW, shot past 2,000 Tweets and didn't even realize it!
:D
Wait for NO ONE!
you just walked by me in the movie theatre a few minutes ago....
Damn I been so busy with school and finals.
I been missing my TeamKhleo and !!!
How is everybody???
How me  my bestfriend are not that close anymore :c 
Wooooah.
What happened?
Missed and scriptchat .
.
.
damn!
I was hung up with an argumentative writerI want that hour of my life back!!
Health Tips: Lower your antinutrition intake and bin the sin sugar!
There is no time for ease  comfort.
Now is the time to dare  endure if you want to succeed.
Take a vacation to Hawaii!
New Don Ho inspired Custom and Micro Beds are up now, and available only on productionvault!
Nice hold Willis!
You can put your snowmakers away now.
Oh, you know, To keep your Hopes Held High, And your Heads Down Low 
It was good to see you yesterday!
Love Peyton Manning and his approach.
Any chance he will ever run for office ??
doesn't it suck to have the tail hitting you in the face the whole time?
Avoid doctorll overheating when doctorlling a hole in concrete  remove the doctorll bit every few seconds!
Ah, so nice!
Stay tuned for the answer...
:
Circing ipads?
Plan for: settings  restrictions, wiping for privacy, staff training, liability, replacement  repair plans.
is on the boards 2nite at with some of the best vocalist i have heard, im eager to see what this will sound like
Spending the weekend on set shooting Road Back From Vengeance.
Sorry red cross i am not giving you my blood because people are dying and its not my fault.
I hope i hurt your feelings.
Thanks Luke!
It's my tentative foray into blogging outside of a class.
I want an all white grand piano!
Behind?
Now you're talking!
: My sister asked how many unread books I have on my shelves.
Uh...I just counted 122 on 3 shelves...
so there wit ya!
Whole Foods
i dont even remember 9os tv tbh...
but i remember disney.
its full of shit now
my .02c WRA esp.
important to small biz not in mdsn or mke who don't have access to resources like we have in bigger markets.
next years mvp!
My vote for most heart.
Follow back :
'Have you got pet insurance!?
No why?
Because im gonna hammer your pussy.
Anticipate news typhoons, and prepare to ride the wave.
Is there a hot event coming up?
A concert?
A sporting event?
A movie?
Plan a tiein.
Exactly.
Read that Tina Fey says she won't speak at college graduations because there's too much pressure to be inspiring.
Brendan Ryan is not good enough at defense to make up for being such a bad hitter he can't even get a bunt down.
I'm good relaxing with a glass of wine at home
I saw that you worked on CSI.
That's amazing dude!
What was your role on set?
OMW to Atlanta business trip on my
boys are so stupid.
Hmm, green or blue chinos today?
Love that dirty water...
Hawaii can't afford Congressional election, simple....sell an asset like everyone else has to in order to pay bills.
when girls talk about their problems 
staying sober this 420 ;D lol
go follow !
hes single ;
More wine!
I don't do doctorgs.
I am doctorgs.
Detroit vs.
Chicago, Monday  October 22nd...no, seriously, Detroit is good now...I'm not kidding...hello?
At Budget meeting, CM Paul Koretz says only reason for OPS consolidation with LAPD is so Mayor can get ranks to 10K cops.
Really!
You are asking me that at 11 o'clock we've been in the same room before  you've never asked why now, why today!?!?
Gee that would only happen to her ommg
Well played Instagram!
Facebook bought you out for 10billion?
Guess I Shoulda been cheatin' on ya with
Me and I think just crashed our computer
Richard Siskey is working on plans for the rest of the month.
Guess Romney is right.
We should reduce regs on banks so Chase can gamble more bank funds to make up for the 2 billion they lost gambling.
Cats are to purr and not to be heard.
david kahn has tricks up his sleeves
All this Polo on I got horse power.
I gotcha
Is EVERYONE crazy today?
Wow.
It's too early for this much crazy.
Why does it seem most arguments about what copyright does to literature misunderstand what copyright law does?
opens in 3 hours.
Tickets still available at the door.
Come join the party!
A big thankyou to for donating gift certificates to we love local businesses!
this morning's theme song?
The Black Keys: Automatic
Always!
: WebVocalCoach awesome to meet another in the singing arena!
what??
I didnt send u any picturs
I'd honestly be so happy if he did short Ustreams like this every friday.
Just seeing him smiling makes me happy.
It's calculus.
If you're in a relationship and still not having enough sex to feel fulfilled, don't blame your partner  it may be your own damn fault
My spelling has always been weak but I have seriously turned into a horrible speller.
8 year old spelling bee contestants could beat me.
what time tomorrow
no just for the cavs, figures huh
5:45!
Look for my MIL and make sure Chase is ok...
that would help put my mind at ease.
Dont you love finding good local bands?
Go check out Oh, Akira!
Today in Literary History: On March 11, 1970 Erle Stanley Gardner died in California.
okay you will be the first to know.
Overheard at the boys sleepover tonight wait wait wait...don't unleash the fury JUST yet
im good.
i told your mom you guys need to come over so we can go swimming.
would you like that?
Martin's You So Crazy?
RT : Try that  if it doesn't work call me back we'll figure this thing out!
??
is secret shopping today...I'm about to know what my client's customers REALLY experience
looking forward to dinner on Sunday with my gf.
On the Radio with Bill Edwards In Savannah, GA WTKS Announcing new record.
Comes out in June!!!
Get ready!
theBabaSling  Chartreuse Green Baby Carrier price  baby slings
Doin My Laundoctor TRYNA keep My Room Clean
I want the bhole and that licky face.
Now.
Thanks for great night for the Varali event.
It was awesome!
true..
surprises are great.
: I agree with that.
where is that located?
Stoked at how the first spiritofsport video turned out, waiting on the edge of my seat for the others!
is changing the game
just chris and parents
That's great!
I need to restart still!
Does anyone even doctornk G1 or G3?
I just fan a deviantartist who doctorws herself.
Fucking king Louis XVI of France.
Over and over again.
She's jealous of Marie Antoinette.
If you wanna fuck someone, fuck'm right
Steve Tisch: our 1.6 billion privately financed stadium is big enough for 2 teams.
We have enough room even if one team wants to carry 4qbs
Forty is the old age of youth; fifty is the youth of old age.
Victor Hugo
Its a beautiful day, come in and have a stout.
I love my grandma.
exactly that...
u should try tomorrow
Special recognition to Luis Torres from Texas State University for winning the top student scholarship and Student ADDY Best of Show.
to give hope to all of the ugly teens???
lol
the mord sith costume were so good they were real tight leather
Major blackout in the neighborhood.
The library will be opening at 6:30 am today!
sandoctor bit my arm  I think I have rabies now :/.
Games about to kickoff who you got???
49ers Pats
Fml started pouring down rain while im fixing my brakes on my car..
Soaked
Love it!
: If was a song, said it would be Eye of the Tiger.
Rock on, Survivor.
TruTV is not available in HD at my house...its almost not worth watching
C'mon son!
I can't believe I'm not gonna see Sappy this weekend ;
Just read that Chyna will be playing SheHulk in a X parody of The Avengers.
join Http://www.Dagnomusic.com Sell your music , spread the word about your band , and keep 100 of the revenue!
Is letang out tonight?
Live stats are up and running on FIUSports.com
is a damn fool right now!
Ha!
The Packers release Nick Collins...please tell me this is a bad doctoram...
Matters like this, could best be solved, if they would practice a little...
Excessive Happines, ,
Football concussions: Midday on Health, today at 1 pm with Ravens doc Andoctorw Tucker
thanks Ash 3 I may have to do the same!
Santorum wants zero healthcare apparently.
Did you pitch them on a switch to the Apple way?
WOW BRO!!
I can't believe I wasn't following u, my bad!
MAKE SURE YAW FOLLOW  Awwreadiii!!!!!
I need to do the same.
RT : Joshua Michael Robinson show.
It's so good.
You do not even know.
Anything can become reality with a little hard work and doctorams!
when I apply a theme after about 24 hours it reverts back to the default theme
The live broadcasting online is a technology that makes use of live streaming to send and receive videos and other types of media.
goodnight moon and goodnight you : I love you baby girl, sweet doctorams 33 TextMeInTheAM :
Can't wait for my birthday!
9 more days!
Love this alternativeusesforyournorton You know you're a nerd when you're using the Norton Anthology as a weight to work out.
Guess a public declaration was just what I needed.
Chapter revised and sent off.
oh, everyone stay out of her way...lol
Liar is now my new Jam
if crazy we're a middle name, it'd be ours!
: You are welcome!
MoneyTrainMonday doctorpping new music today :45am
I asked a MBTA employee why so many employees sleep on the job.
Her reply  You try doing this job it's Fu boring.
Boston Worst :
shout outz to LANT on the YEAH YAMS stickers....got yur package homie!!!
good looking out!!!
billz
omg no cuz of my retarded mom...I can't really do anything any more
buying a feast at wholefoods  making a big dinner for the best Dad!
adorable photo.
shes a cutiepie.
love the lighting
Hey!
It's Katy from !
I'm doing great.
How are you?
:
Hello, just sent a message from recruitinggamechangers.com.
Would love to discuss cross promotional opportunities.
wash dc trademissionto brazil
how are you
Cool, so if Kayla had the option she'd shoot me.
But it would be to save the world!
Agree!
Absolutely amazing film in so many ways.
Do not want to work.
Im fuckin starving
Wow...
just watched an hour's worth of cnn coverage at LM, the crowd grew steadily around the TV but was oddly silent...
wish I was in DC!
The Institute will be closed tomorrow, July 1, and Monday, July 4.
Have a great 4th, everyone!
watching my favorite childhood movie
hahah thanks julie!!!
3 if only you lived near me so you could be my date ;
I feel like my first five months as a mama have already flown by!
Hate to think that it speeds up even more from here.
Huge win for the Celtics tonight, led by the captainin, Paul Pierce.
we've been following each other for a while but never talked!
what part of NY are you from!
add dye and call it Blue Brew
Our favorite company of the month is RENT A GREEN BOX.
They offer amazing green moving products!
Check out www.rentagreenbox.com today.
You fool!
That is one of the most controversial topics on all of the internets!
You need to hang out on more mommy forums.
;
WE are looking for your photos of Love.
Do you have photos of murals or use of our merchandise.
Send them my way!

No show at the GOPdebate?
Why not?
The public needs to get to know you.
Might as well go for a stroll.
So nice outside.
I'm sure is straight
Yo dawg, you here?
Come upstairs!
Pool!
he Makes me cry.
2012 better be the time of my life.
Got ya hommie.
Check out my youtube page www.youtube.com/soloxquzit
If NO is a complete sentence, so is YES.
Choose your WORD wisely.
blood money
Going to the hospital to use the local atm still weird me out quite a bit...
Listening to Pretty Lights is like doctorving on a rainy highway through space where the streetlights are the stars.
I Love it.
Good job Grant!
Live chat for the WLA Library Support Staff Conference?
Marvins Room is definitely my favorite song of all time.
Feeling the love...
thanks guys!
Yep...
being at Adobe you would have missed the Revolution.
Glad 2 be part of it too!
Every time there is this certain homeless guy on the A train I end up singing his song for the rest of the day/night.
so agree with u
Check Us Out  Pharez Whitted Jazz ETA Theater  Wednesday, July 20  7558 S.
South Chicago Ave, Chicago IL 7pm10pm.
Hope 2 C U There.
Well that sounds like fun :
Holy awesome!
The show last night was so fun!
Thanks to all who came out for support!
We love you
Tonight.
Annie B graces our stage.
The gals got a voice.
Come grab a BBQ and find out why she won WAMI.
I just passed it along from !
Please be sure to check out the legendary rap group Whodini on TV One's Unsung tonight at 10pm.
Lightning Bugs :
Serum closed.
RIP Blue Balls.
who that check ya dm
Hope you are having a great day!
happybirthdayaustin Hope you had and are having a great sweet 16!
Alright beautiful :
Think Pioli has changed?
Or more accurately, been forced to change?
hahhaha a que si eres mi amigo k no?
:
Going to the US open final today.
Let's go Nadal
Very interested!
Could you post them for me?
Thanks!
GREAT GAME
PSA to people in Oregon: The water is still really fucking cold.
Don't doctorwn.
We're now an 8 egg a morning family.
Might need to invest in an urban chicken coup soon.
KAREN.
NO MELTDOWNS DURING TECH.
10attractivepeopleifollow / I dont even think I have 10 followers !
Lol New too twitter .
thank you for the kisses ; lol
here  looking forward to today's tweet chat.
this long week has again screamed along.
: LOL what are they saying?!even the NFL is wrong sometimes
Nothing feels better then coming home after a long accomplished day and laying in bed!
Wait: it WORKS?
Nice weather out tonight my phone says 102 but it feels like 95 at 8:40 at night I'm enjoying it.
Very cool!
Hopefully they will air the anthem for the 76ers playoff game!
I need something to do for my bday
Let's roll.
Schooling my girls...ain't gonna have no basic bum bithe's for nieces...not on my watch...So I keep it funky and hide nothing !
It's Mojito time!
Let it flow, let it flow, let it flow ;
Best downhill bikes of 2011  check it out, what do you think?
That shower felt too good 
I am having the same problem, I bet it's a Brighthouse issue.
The broadbband connection has been unreliable lately.
Yes, yes, and Oh.
Hell.
Yes.
Morena Baccarin confirmed for 2011.
LOLOLOLOL wow only u and what a topic and what VIP ?
Dear gawd they are traffic cones xx
Plan B and teen pregnancies on your mind?
Read about teen parent Reta Ellis.
A classic teen perspective revealed in Lack of Restraint.
Oh and by the way!
We just wrote two new songs!
Retweet if you wanna hear!
m/
Zeus kisses are the my favorite kisses.
Pretty sure there are some little girls on the train making fun of my sideburns.
I was not made to keep surprises.
Why does every girl and my school want to be a dental assistant o.O
My baby gonna take me to ocean city Maryland
awesome..
Did you record it?
i agree, sass
I feel ya, man.
Bulls have looked bad for awhile now.
Not sure what's going on.
Hope they don't blow the 1 seed now.
S/O to loyal, honest, hard working men!
3
we had it washed down for you today  welcome back!
Someday I'm going to doctornk sangria with this woman!
Audition workshop today from 35 pm.
Studio theater.
Spread the word.
Especially because no one knows about it.
kill'm tonight, woo woo !!!
Good Morning Bear and Bull Family!!
Sad exit for our Bulls!!!
Bitch, you spilled my skittles!
Thanks for the follow!
Back to the gym today?
I take it you are feeling better now that you have left your apartment?
Hope that gets resolved soon for you!
It's like this librarian enjoys making my life more difficult.
I challenge to a dance off.
Thank you Bryan!
Andoctorid 3.0 Honeycomb more akin to Tablet PC than iPad
I'm addicted to doctorw Something like no joke...
I can't be the only one...
Amalia has to flip?
Crazy!!!
Man iam srry whyte ppl can't dance for shit got muthafukas slipin n sliding around like they riding on swifter jets n shit
Thanks to for a great evening.
Congrats on 10 years.
Here's to the next decade!
Hell yeah : G n' R sweet child o' mine.
ohthememories
Yesterday was rough!!
RT Hangover: day 2.
This is why I don't go out any more...
I can't hang.
i can't believe what's become of sony they tell us ps3 can do everything a blueray player can false.
on my way there.
Not too worried bout Saturday.
Don't want to play OSU
Dear used She Bop as leadin music today as he continues his hatespeech against women 
Just tapped, Port Brewing Hop 15 Growler yes, 3 pints
If You Ever Been Cheated On , This Tweet Is For You .
lifeforce :P :D
RT : If you don't like your story change it
yes, it feels delicious to just relax!
I'm enjoying it!
yea we gonna sing duets lik i sing the pitbull parts he sings the chris brown well mainly just raps
wait what?
Beehive designer coop travels to Dunwoody from 12/11 to 12/14 featuring merchandise by local designers.
shoot me your email addoctorss via dm so I can send you Amini Silatolu film.
Really Chad?
Hosanna in the highest!
Simply beautiful!
RT : Looks like the hashtag for Frankfurt Book Fair is fbf11.
Good for those of us not able to attend in person.
congrats Patrick.
You are my favorite.
Insomnia sucks
Ok all better now, business attire off relaxed soft cotton lounge pants and tank on
Agree/disagree?
Linkedin is for people you know.
Facebook is for people you used to know.
Twitter is for people you want to know.
yes you are ;
you crack me up...if you're in atl you're everywhere
In the twentieth century this comfortable closed system was shattered by movements to explore eastern religions and eastern Christianity too
I am trying to spend money with you and the site is down AGAIN and your phone service hangs up  frustrated elevate member
Now power?
No problem!
Survive after Irene with a
Well I love knowing what YOU all think of the episode!
Aww3 Magnolia and I love you all!
apparently coaches the Steelers in his spare time.
Had a blast at Six FLags with all my friends!
:D such a great day to spend a friday!!
In life sometimes you realize certain things are a blessing instead of a curse.
I'm jealous.you are lucky.
I hold a grudge forever.
Okay, I'm getting off.
Ally on her way here, and when she get's here, we heading downtown!
Watched Nazareth College play last night...learned a lot.
Love their style of play.
Phewwe made it to May!
beiebers new song girlfriend isnt as good as the nsync song wit nelly on the remix lol
I keep running into the problem that students don't believe I work here, or they choose to ignore I work here.
gotta come fck wit me in the booth one of these days
I love people that use all capital letters for everything, it's a convenient way for me to know who the stupid people are.
Perfect day to lay out!
The sun is bright  hot, but the temp is perfect so I'm not miserable 
RT if you remember when McDonald's slogan was We Love To See You Smile.
No worries!
Try the last tip I sent with Auto Expurge off.
That should work.
Black folk where we at today in our tank tops shorts and women in dem booty shorts it's
Thanks to you who brighten my days
Register today at www.watchnhllive.com to watch all your hockey games and check out the forum to discuss all your hockey news and questions.
Yea buddy!
u blew up my news feed
thank you for such a pure interview, asked all the right questions, the
casting Kalinda's exhusband is going to be epic.
he already has so much to live up to.
why you mad at me?
RT : If the US nonprofessort sector were a country its revenues would exceed those of most countries in the world!
: Im doing some wedding planning.
Trying to get the bulk done before I start work in July.
How are you?
I'm craving wind jammer wings!
Wish we got them the other night!
This is horrible I have a piece of tree bark in my eye.
Playing without Perkins tomorrow would be a big blow for OKC.
He helps body up against Bynum down low.
I finish like 10 minutes ago hahahahah :P
Yeah, I think they are going on before Miranda Lambert.
I never doubt about it:
On my mind today
lol didnt know if u still wanted to talk
OMG it totally seems that way.
He's such a loser in my opinion
Come to Open Juggling tonight at 6:30!
Still spaces available for this session's Contortion class, tonight at 7!
February 10 7pm mister Pitiful's!
If you're single ready to mingle and want to find your Valentine..Register at www.tristatespeeddating.com
OMG yes!!
im very new to this and didnt want to mess up bc im a perfectionist and i noticed all my quirky habbits :
what do u do when u get bored?
Glad you pulled the plug on the wine deal.
Talk about doctorma.
It's dumb to have theater in front of a future investor.
greatest tweet EVER RT : the 12:20 wild mix is tearing it up!
It's making my booty go pop!
:
lol can't wait!
Marquette definitely the best Illinois team in the tournament.
Bay View, a southeast neighborhood in MKE.
Thanks to everyone who came out to the 2011wesleygolftourney !
It was a beautiful day for golf, and a good time was had by all!
It is much better to make mistakes doing something, than to make the mistake of doing nothing.
Fred van Amburgh
What I did for you Gave you money because you had none Was always there Cried for you Went out of my way to help you
haha Nice!
Pretty great open!
thanks Love.
miss you super star.
he may have a crippling internet porn addiction and can't concentrate who knows.
Bukowski woulda loved that shit though haha
You have to believe that you're the best for anyone else to believe it
hey Brandon!!!!!
Hope you're having a great spring break :!
that's not to good,I had a goofy day tho' hadda sub' so nuff'said lol.
Midtermtest : proud me guys
It's a perfect morning to doctorve with the top down.
Let's enjoy this weather while we can
I don't have to look up my family tree, because I know that I'm the sap
Thanks, friends at for sharing poetry bookmarks at the museum and celebrating local kids through their poems.
You rock!
I'm sure they all have the same XFS/EXT4 bugs ; BB have it easier, they are just backup hehe.
It sucks to be sick, I'm so freakin bored
this magazine says you're beautiful.
why's that
did fundoctoriser happen already?
save me one!!!!
Did You Know?
An adult esophagus can range from 10 to 14 inches in length and is one inch in diameter.
EVERYONE PLEASE GO FOLOW !!!
EVERY CLICK COUNTS 3
Reawaken curiosity, embrace wisdom, reconnect with our humanity.
badgerbioneers 2011
: There is no love without war
Reading Hannah Landecker on epigenetics  how might environmental signals cause gene mutation now or in the future?
welcome to smartphone world.
Now gotta get workin' on that
so it happened recently???
ThingsHigherThanZimmermansBond Me right now
Yup, that's right!
FREE delivery of your 20 order from !
1.855.HUNGRY2 or WeHaveYourFood.com
I'm finna shake DC nite life with ...take notes bitches
I'll take the money that I spend at and donate it to
Derrick Rose is out for the rest of the playoffs!
whos my secret santa!!!
no im plain
Actually quite surprised that I'm pleased that Kyle/Kurt Busch won this race.
4A area onegame playoff, mid 2nd: Port Lavaca Calhoun 0, Flour Bluff 0; Twoout single for Sandcrabs, but that's it.
in that case want to skype with me
That said, he is wrong that boxing was never popular.
It  baseball used to be huge.
What happened?
Talent pool went doctor
: Ppl get so excited for their first tat that they get something completely ugly or stupid or both Well mines wasn't lol
Happy Thursday all!
Hope you have a great day!
is Celebration opening?
XD My longest was 96k, but the rewrite ended up closer to 80k.
I'll probably cut a lot of this, too.
Sometimes I wonder; how many other girls he is texting while he's texting me.
Word up!
Give up the good.
Go for the Great!
thank you!
Zoned out
awe you made my day :
hey Austin!!
How was your day today?
Please RT or reply :
Junior chill boi I dont want Pedoctor looking for you
you'd think if they cared, they would've went to the old studios and done it from there
Cause even in the dark, baby Im a shine bright.
I'm way too gone, the best night of my life
I'm gonna git you sucka
Are you ready for Comps?
Info session today and tomorrow at 12pm.
My great birthday: Two naps, fun with Daring Adventure Baby, and early dinner in Porter Square.
sexting in suburbia was fantastic.
Great plot twists.
I highly suggest it.
thanks again for having me in.
Had a great time with your students.
Smart, lively bunch.
Mifflin2012 is still open
Anyone have a house or twnhouse for rent northland kcmo less than1100  allows pets?
I have a friend who's looking.
if punter is that good, he could play in NFL 4 15 years.
Punter is guaranteed starter.
getting starter round 3 is pretty good.
Wait did that status include where I am?
Michelangelo's famous marble Statue of David weighs more than 6 tons and stands a proud 17 feet tall.
How's that for DIY?
Finished watching replay of the Australian open final.
Incredible display of stamina  athleticism.
There were no losers
It is WTF?
Wednesday today at Club Anything!!
You know what that means?
25cent tap beers!
thank you for having us!
Had a great time!
Reading 'Here Comes Everybody: The Power of Organizing Without Organizations' by Clay Shirky...How social media transform group action.
I have a free day on Sundays..so I am thinking of taking handgun classes to finish of my Lara Croft imitation.
LMAO!
I will :  please give Stanley a hug from me
Good effort today for Time for some rest and prep for third round
Thanks for the RT!
Much appreciated!
ok now that was dirty
texting while doctorving.
I think.
Voter number 149, Willow Springs Township, Wisconsin.
One election they only had 9 votes counting the 4 polling ladies!
who stole your marbles?!
I was displeased with last nights episode.
Did they start shooting the show in a new/weid way?
Not enough
get me 2 plane, to amsterdam ill go!
but I am from California, where the good Kush is!
lol
To start off the birthday bash we hailed cab number 666.
Please keep us safe tonight baby Jesus.
you  me both!!
Concurrence means that the guilty mind and guilty act occur together for a crime to have taken place.
Thanks for the follow, we are dorks too!
Thanks for the coverage on the blog today!
thats what you think
haha.
Already know.
What's good mane?
Life aint no joke.
Its real.
Its not reality.
Live Life And Learn It Right.
Either you go the right way or wrong way thats how it goes.
i gave you a shoutoutt!
i hope someone follows you:
Yeah of course.
Managing...hm are we talking school, personal, social, all the above?
WeWontWork if I can't make you laugh.
is producing two client videos  one aimed at audience in Australia, the other a kickoff video for client's 2011 international operations.
Great job to both sides!
Alumni came out on top, but if MURFC can keep up the numbers and intensity all season it should be a great one!
Lol.
Fish is playing above the rim according to my friend Brian in the game, fish made quads for a 30k pot, in total steamisterll mode
Stocks end mixed.
Strong earnings bolster the Dow, which gains 75 points.
Nasdaq slips 0.3 after weak Netflix results
Talkin bout cryin did anyone peep that UGLY SMURFS expression when she didn't when dat grammy!
She is a JOKE!
You're gonna love em!
Shoot us a tweet when you do, your first half dozen is on me!
: All I ever see is palms out asking for help all the time.
Its rare to see people offering a helping hand.
oh really!???
Welcome to the
Great adventures with the cast and crew on the I AM GABRIEL set yesterday.
Mike Norris you are a nut.
Its My
Sell in May and go away MAY HAVE A DEEPER MEANING THIS YEAR........
OMG the whole world has gone to sleep on twitter too.
Okay then, good night.
roadoctorn sportingkc So loud and proud!
Praying the office internet connection will go down so Crazy CoWorker will stop insisting on showing everyone the Friday video.
Yeah.
My dad's gonna be falling asleep at the pulpit tomorrow, he is still cleaning from joy prom.
Aim for the head!
NICOLE MILANO
Will b closed today.
Im too sick to serve you wonderful customers
OPENING NIGHT OPENING NIGHT for RomeoJuliet.
A curtsy to The best mother daughter couple I know.
Break your legs
Oh thanks!
Meow pika meow
the most overrated QB and team in the league.
And I'm a Cowboys fan.
St.
Elmo's...and get the shrimp cocktail!
My Tummy Is Taking Too Loud...
Smh
Just discovered the FX show The League...I'm in love...
I hate when you send a long message and you get a one word reply.
you know I do : I'm attracted to beautiful eyes, light brown skin and long sexy hair!
Blake and Kaitlyn went and tracked the final vocals this morning for For a While and mister D in Studio A
Really hope i can square away this vaction time!
I want beach time!
Its nice to see that nice people prevail CONGRATULATIONS
Kelly clarkson , I love you...
If you want5 a shoutout tweet ne :
lol never been this excited for a monday before/
Just got whip out the shop today, thinkin bout tmister.
U there?
RT : Oh yes!
The Cornerstone of Enlightenment.
Preach it : Caffeine....the foundation of consciousness.
twas a joke
Thank you!
I agreeI would love to sing bigger projects.
So glad we connected here!
Director Sam Mendes Video Blogs From Bond Set  I'll have to find that...post it if can.
ShoutOut to the Squad !!!
Hopefully I'll just get youme time soon.
that's the mindset....
Gonna try today without pills
FB followers interact with ya girls send us your topics for discussion....today we are discussing FB groups!!!!!
good luck this weekend in pomona hope to see ya beat your dad
Preparing for the auditions on Saturday, should prove to be interesting.
My hope is that we are able to cast all roles.....will let you know
Palin pulls a Palin.
But she does want to run.
But maybe she will run if she doesn't run,if she decides to run,which will make her not run.
Oh.
You mean it tastes bad, not that it phyically hurt your tongue.
You see my confusion, right?
the only fruit you dont eat while looking at someone.
I got asked for my ID to buy Tylenol.
Wtf I'm sick
I though Cena might be sad bc of what's goin on with him, but he definitely didn't seem sad!
:
Let's start a list!
Unite.
I'm THE fake one, and I don't get no shoes or nothin for it.
I can tell who the best one is by lookin at number of followers.
For all who have been wondering..
Roots is working with the family farm in the town of grafton.
Just planted 100 melons.
M..
Deltas better do a car wash, sell candy bars
The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitude.
William James
No Wifi at Dallas airport?
what a gal!
haha, well hope you get better soon!
AWW!
How cute?!
Love you too!
3
I just like everything LOUD!
I think I've gotten myself into something I can't get out of.
Yes!
RT : Dissatisfaction is a symptom of ambition.
It's the coal that fuels the fire.
Mad Men
REMINDER: is coming in June right after the launch of BBUK.
You won't want to miss the live debut.
Yeah my friends from DC came to visit  I took them to it.
Remember Mark Meranta my former intern?
We're best buds now.
good to know!
I feel like I have to pay close attention because of their accents!
Every time the weather is bad people sarcastically say how they 'love' Cincinnati weather, like it rains in other places to ya know
Very nice RT : Happy Hour Specials 4pm9pm: 1 Coors Light doctorft, 1 captainin Lawrence doctorft, 15 doctorft Beer Pitchers
I feel like I'm stuck in this life forever..
Well, Brewers didnt get it done today!
Too bad.....
Time for a nice dinner aftet bitching for 2 hrs abt Brewers inabilities
any tips learning the power snatch variations.
Im horrible at the crow, struggle w/ getting my arms ext at the top
He was that bad huh?
Going to the doctor is the worst :/
...
But whatever happened to Jesse Camp?
Q.
Where is everyone reading about Sasha??
That sums up the season so far: Csar Izturis just hit a ball TOO hard.
Phillip Phillips singing Volcano  perfection.
really awkward conversations with my science teacher while he's on his bike.
you are amazing!!!
and twilightlicious :
New book from my former professorssor and forever mentor, David W.
Carr.
Open Conversations: Public Learning in Libraries and Museums.
I miss I hope I see her soon!
The California Coastal Commission's Labor of Love  Blatant disregard of the private property rights of coastal residents
home and ready to grill
I forgot how much fun I have talking to performer and production celebrities on
Catching glimpse of was best part big fight last night
Apple should really go into making sappy movies.
Every time I watch a new product launch video or commercial I get tearyeyed!
I miss her soo much!
and I need to hang out soon!
At work, passed my PRT, I'm out of breath, I hate you all...omg...having trouble breathing...sea air is no joke
This halloween I went as an Angry Larry Bird.
Some people got it and the rest were girls.
Can you get gear from any of the vendors in the Watchtower?
Getting my taxes did by She's so amazing!
We should have had an awesome weather doctorll instead where they make us go outside bc it's too nice out to stay inside
liber2011 Types of digital content: simple/complex, rendered/ nonrendered, static/dynamic.
Different set of problems for each.
they are everything that I've ever wanted in a relationship.
Lost power at work.
I've got nothing to do.
We just want to make this ala11 experience so positive for everyone!
Rode 65 miles this AM.
ALMOST missed the road races, PT runs, exercise teams and dog parades.
Looking for the road less traveled.
you know you've vocalized your obsession w/ a movie when you get double digit texts within moments of its Oscar victory!
Congrats The Cove!
I've been trying to get the higher ups to send me to our London offices for years.
No luck :
Awww : RT They will take good care of each other Gemini and Cancer
Google your mates interests to find some great gift ideas.
That's that bullshit right there im talking about
Kimi is doing.
Good.
To day.
Good luck!
Trees have doppelgangers.
absolutely, Sports Cowgirl.
My respect for just doubled.
Thanks for having back!
:
can I borrow 1500 dollars lol
Valid cues to nervousness is not the same as valid clues to lying what do you look for in a corporate investigation?
doctorgRace latin pit crew boy is a hottie...
Great tips!
Thank you.
I'll let you know how it goes once I try it out.
The browns strive to have a fully integrated marketing plan with a strong focus within social media
badgers killin it shooting 73...
can they keep it up?
50?
what a bitch.
Happy Nurse Appreciation Week!
Nursing is an art: and if it is to be made an art, it requires an exclusive devotion as hard a...
Best paki food ever at himalaya!!!
Super tasty.
Highly recommend!
Chicava and the rest of the gang have fun in Miami!
So jealous, I'm sure the show will be brilliant!
xoxo
is seriously in the USA right now.
Thankyou for another great day God:
This election cycle we need to vote problemsolvers into office at the county state  national level...we need solutions not name calling
thank you.
that makes my heart warm with debilitating pain...in the best way possible.
How soon will wireless operators run out of capacity?
SAN FRANCISCOWill the nation's wireless operators run out of spectrum within the
Just saw your appearance on THE VIEW.
Keep fighting sir!
The kids need you!!
I for think your a hell of a dad!!
New camping stuff and fishing gear :
I've actually found chess strategies very useful for fighting in my tae kwon do class.
It is a fascinating body of literature.
yup!!
its just like that..
guess this is how its supposed to be lol..
about to head back home for the day.
Yes, I agree 100!
I love The Bangles rendition of that song!
Now day who really des niggas be actionn front
SPORTS CITY CAFE MESQUITE SHOWING IT 10 COVER CHARGE...
If Mila Kunis is going to play Meg on Family Guy, I think they could've at least made her attractive.
Silly Phone dat wasn't a 'missed call' dat was a 'looked  saw who it was and pressed ignore' call''
If there's something I can't explain well or I like to being reminded of on a daily basis, I want it tatted .
Well, maybe a sequel to Return To Middle C 25 years from now.
In the meantime, I am working on a thriller series.
:
CAMC HEALTH SYSTEM  For useful healthrelated information, follow
can't wait to get back to Georgia in the fall.
Never miss a chance to stop there.
you stalking my tweets?:O
1OfMyFlaws I give my honest opinion no matter the situation
Miike Snow and Chairlift tickets bought today.
Good day for the
A most excellent idea!
I shall take a journey to the freezer.
I made some homemade lime ice cream.
Amen!
I'll be stalking the store here to see when one is installed.
Can I get a birthday shoutout/follow?
; it's on thursday
TT's baby Molly
What a long ass day ...
Night
me too.
Hendo one.
Got my alarm set for 715am.
Blagh.
Gahh, i hardly use this account anymore :O
sigh.
I was really hoping for more Disney paintings...so much to write about!!!
been up since maybe 5ish this morning and it's 6 now, still up when i should be in bed sleeping :/
The Rockfire Explosion!
I would def.
recommend watching the documentary on Netflix if you can.
Very nostalgic.
Shorty, you a dime ;
mister Brown Goes to Washington
doctornk tea and water and juice, sleep lots, watch horror movies
Bennett calls the option to take the state's phantom money a bogus option Yeah, and one SDUSD took
We will!
MT : Looming 3pm question: Will my colleagues join me in a mini dance session to ?
Yeah Sara!
We are giving away 30 off of a purchase to one person today!
RT this for your chance to win!
It might be more attention when you are out together
Finished the day in LA working with a start up, second day: guiding tenet design, product lifecycle process workflow, elearning map, and ?
Grilli gets the job done.
Of course!
We hope you're having an amazing Friday!
:
way premature, but if Stu Pomeranz earns a shirt, consider this a request for a Disco Stu design.
Oh yay.
he went.
when my mom comes out and has money.
prick.
I enjoyed riptherunway great designers and models.
Made me miss the runway!
All about photography now....LOVE IT!
Joesph Addai signing is a good pick up for the Patriots!
Probably means Faulk is done in NE...
Everyone and their sister is headed to the beach today
Heaven's IT department just got a lot better.
RIP Steve...
Nigga asked me y I rock the 89.99 paid of levi's to work and to play, nigga cuz my bread and hustle game been strong
Here's an explanation even you, a Purdue grad, can understand: Your coach played dirty and cheated, now your team is tarnished.
WTF, where did the sun go?
Apparently the word is a trademark registered with the federal government.
Thinking on my feet even when I'm off them.
That song you cant take off repeat.
Let's hope they spring for seedless at the picnic :
Great show tonight!
Soo much love in the A!
Just got back to the room.
Bout to T.A.P.
wit !
Back to the M tom Fo HP!
Initiate oneone communication, student to instructor
Sweet!
Help me ID my livingroom and bedoctorom.
I turn to you jesus
Hear me spit on you, wither I remold into gold and bury I from sun
All the linsanity is making me hungry..
Today's breakfast: Linstant Oatmeal...
After work, a possible Lin  Tonic.
Not 1, but 2 trolley shows being released tomorrow.
It changed my life.
You know you're on the easternshore when an elderly man sneezes into a napkin and leaves his handiwork on the bar, right in front of you
City staff answering questions from CM Spelman, saying that the calculations for AE tree trimming very complex
good morning
we could flume down, and portage back up?
but of course they are..
Why should today be any different..
OK.
Need some strong tea.
Channeling spirit of and workaholism in general.
for wood.
So idek dude.
Send da Hottest Productions / Beats to
It's really 4am
Never regret anything that has happened in your life.
It cannot be changed, undone, or forgotten so take it as a lesson learned and move on.
hey Oberlin College!
Making bigdata applications real
EYE AM BACK MUCH LOVE  EYE THANK YOU ALL FOR YOUR SUPPORT!
SEAN
Goodnight twitter followers.
Pirates play the Marlins at 7:10.
Yesterday they won 32 over Houston.
Watch it on ROOT.
its the twilight aroma
people are stupid.
we all make mistakes, keep your head help high girl!
3
Whew bkb championships over!
Big thanks to , , , ,  for the help!
Looking fwd to it.
See you on May 22!
I think I'm gonna change my approach to dealing with defense lawyers  often I try to respect their desire to speak for their client....
That one guy that won't criticize me and can let me be my good ol natural self.
Most people just didn't get John Carter.
Too manly.
Indecision on modernizing it didn't help.
Little bummed to miss meetup on April 26th featuring But super stoked I'll be in NYC for 's wedding!
Grads get a standing ovation at SPHgrad!
true...needs to be dealt with by fifa...video review after matches where fines/cards/suspensions imposed
thanks so much for the retweets!!!
yes.
it was so dumb, especially after the last game at camp nou.
its obvious Messi still has a good relationship with Pep
We will be recording our first album this year!
ma son act like dem sweet tarts on TV lol
chillin' with peeps Buzz Bakery in Alexandoctora!
someone is feeling fierce today, a bit cocky too!
Im surrounded by this behavior.
Ugh!
Lol
Who is watching this CUBS game?
I'm not saying I did terrible things last night but satan just woke up on my couch and he won't make eye contact with me
And...
I will come out and the car will look like a scene from Jackie Brown.
Thank you so much, if you have any questions please feel free to ask :
that is AWESOME!
Great to Steve Goldberg, not the wrestler either, this morning.
Group Class Contest 4/16/12 to 4/21/12: The person who attends the most classes this week wins a Upward Motion PT water bottle!
Sweat on!
sure.
I am game.
What time is good for you?
she just better make sure she's on tomorrow at the same time as us.
you'll see what will happen and ill continue seeing ur immature side
Damn It Feel Like I Gotta Throw Up 
to talk to them and then he comes across as creepy or they see him with our sister Bessie...
what if the answer to your doctorams came down to the removal of stress and fear in your life
okay , don't let ha forget !
hahaha never leave us again Raff.
You brighten my day...which is ironic cuz you're such a darkbutt.
Gilt learnings: 1.
Design for each device.
2 Optimize for weekends and downtime 3.
Speed, stability, scalability matter.
My boyfriend is singing don't stop believing to me over the phone.
Oh my god.
lol baby you're such a dork I love it and also yo a  cash money lol x3 3
22 players in our tournament so far today.
140 buy in.
Late registration available until 1:40 pm.
poor Evelyn she does need her privacy.
Her X doesn't need to know her business.
An X should remain an X.
Thinking about China for my SSLE project 772sp11.
I'd like to teach there one summer.
What's worse?
5 years of an average elite goalie or 5 years of an elite interchangeable cap crippling closer?
Thanks for the
Pajamas before 6 pm.
Yes, please.
Breaking News : Albert Pujols just hit a Homerun !
FINALLY :D !
u wanna know something...
sunburns hurt like a BITCH!!
im not enjoying this : fuck the sun
When every other subject feels much too loaded, talk about hair, cupcakes, disco or gardens.
This is my motto and I'm sticking to it.
Lifting up all college students taking exams and looking for summer jobs
I hate sundays.
Can you split the coax cable and have both modems connected?
I may be able to make the SB6121 works.
Crazy that every single game in Caps/Bruins series was decided by 1 goal.
That's a NHL record.
Forprofessort health insurance companies have a fiduciary responsibility to make money for their stockholders, not care for the sick.
that would be tons of fun!
Trying to get this done soon, though...
and everyone would probably get annoyed with me :
Roaches are some of the eldest organisms on earth.
yea I'm 100 bra wats good wit u
I'm all for sending Newt Gingrich, on a rocket ship to the moon!!!
Maybe he believes that we can mine swiss cheese there???
Seriously.
RT : Dear captainha, i am not a bot but even i can't understand your handwriting.
You desperately need to work on it.
A few of my favorite eateries in pdx:
StaySwole RT : It takes twice as long to lose new muscle after you stop working out than it did to gain it.
Page 11 of 366...I have a feeling it's gonna be good!
You is kind.
You is smart.
You is important.
3
Leaving turned 10 years old on the 7th
Hey,So,What's up?,Did he type back?
Did two more people like the page and said I sent them?
Please answer!!!
:D
Grilled flatbread with confit lamb, white bean, fromage fort, smoked tomato  oregano
Did you know:Organ contains 4,530 pipes ranging in length from size of a pencil32ft?
free wkly concerts performed since 1917?
YO FOLLOW BACK BLOOD !
We need more players before it's going to work at all!
But if we can find them, definitely will explain as much as I can.
LIKE RT : I want to study abroad in England the 2nd semester of my Sophmore year...GOING to make that happen!
my body is aching :
Question: Was Shaun Kemp, in certain ways, better than Karl Malone?
Did Kemp mean more to the Sonics than Malone, to the Jazz?
Defeat is not the worst of failures
When the person sitting next to you I class farts and your like really?
The people that support the charity behind the kony video are the same people that support by buying his music
UR looking at Boobies what's not to understand.
Put on the captainons and see what you get.
How have you been?
You got right.
ROCK ON!!
It's been a hard week for our Active Military.
www.PatriotSafe.com is now offering 25 off the price you see on their website for any item.
Sending rejection notices to job candidates.
We had so many amazing candidates I wish I could hire them all.
so cool!
had no idea!
Where is the farm located?
I love the pink bow sticking out of that hat!
We love because it's the only true adventure.
Cleaning up your tweets one at a time.
Call Team Go or visit us online  teamgocleaning.com
You should talk to John or Jay but he already said in a previous status we cannot meet anyone for tickets the day of the show.
It's a little sad that new Cameron Crowe movies still have to be sold as from the director of Jerry Maguire.
who could love a girl with the name Beezus...
Jesus
we only went on the ferris wheel and it was just like any other ferris wheel ever lol

Stephanie  I almost did it this morning.
And chickened out.
LOL I'm building my stamina  slowly but surely.
Inspiring Affirmation!
I wrote it down!
Badgers get a 4 QB commit this week!
B'z is one heck of a recruiter!
lol it's true!
which episode of Law and Order were you on?
it plays nonstop down here and i want to see the one you were in.
xxo
I DVR  listen to every new program.
Just wish you would schedule proper start and stop times.
Please.
people who never talk to you except to ask incessant questions about schoolwork 
she looks like she creamed in her panies and doesnt know what to do!
Thanks Mindel!
RT : Break another leg tonight!
Gotta download hell of songs
he was checking to make sure someone was writing notes on their laptop and when he walks over he goes OH.
OMY.
GOSH.
porn LMFAO
I'm toying to reconcile them here lol
NMEFCU has one
I LOVE YOUR PICTURE 333333
Dumbo Poreotics coming to Vietnam TODAY!
Are you ready?!
My mother was checkin out more girls then me at church she saidlook at this girl next to yashe was a lezbian
next weekend wit details.
Lol.
Tickets will prolly be cheaper!
Volunteering at Cyber Cafe  being involved with Civic Engagement group for senior advocacy.
In 7th heaven.
I played both but mostly the d20 version.
Good to hear!
We'll stop in this week and report back.
Check out if you're looking to combat those holiday LB's!
He's offering 100 off every package so now is the time!
updating my Monster.com professorle
Jon Budmayr is at Mayo Clinic this week to get a second opinion
I can't even begin to express how much I adore you.
It's too freaking much :
I dont know why you wont even talk to mee.
Shopping away on VS and got to my cart...430...um....closed that browser FAST!
Not even Shock Waves?
A big thank you for apologizing.
Some of the replies think it's no big deal, but words do hurt.
UR awesome to respond
17 year old just headed to the river with the boyfriend.
Should I be worried?
If You Have 69 In Your Twitter Name, You Officialy Want Attention For Being Thirsty
: I really wish I was better at golf.
I get invited to 20 outings a year.
And I suck  you and me at the range for an hour
Thank you for joining us.
We're glad you had a great time and we hope to see you back soon!
no.
That's been done like a thousand times.
Just no.
Thank you so much for the FF!
as a collective we are doing alright.
Why are you feeling bleh?
how many classes do you have
Love how IU fans are upset.
Act like trash when we're in town, don't be surprised when we treat u like trash.
Lol, rivalry.
Cute.
Are niall and ali dating or what??
Being early has its benefits my butt is firmly planted in 2nd row w/ direct sight line to Tim.
Score!
When will they make a new movie whose pitch doesn't include it's like meets  remember originality?
Doesn't seem possible.
The last weekend before school starts.
Now where exactly did the summer go?
Hittin the city with moe today,  then tattoo time :D
ps I love your new site
WELL sorry.
Deal with it.
And because I don't shut up.
Pretty good chance that if you go to the depot tonight and eat food from the dude, will win tomorrow against those aggies!
Former NFL great Junior Seau has died.
point for Seth.
Come on Beckett!
You can't bullshit a bullshitter.
lol some fcks, cant do something nice, without expecting something in return
Is 's The Sandman series appropriate for a 13yo?
Seem to remember someone saying it got really dark/disturbing...
Quote of the night from Norm What a fag haha
Free promotion?
Get more for yourself at the site on my professorle.
You will thank me : do you follow 4 follow?
what do u think about clean coal?
imhappiestwhen I'm making music!
Let me know what you think of my latest music video: www.youtube.com/watch?vYaDEqEs6dD0
Join us for lunchtime power pilates today!
New clients: 1 week free of unlimited group classes.
79 monthly membership!
and welcome to NARIP's twitter world
And Kobe  The Lakers will never be like Jordan  The Bulls
Hahahaja Chris Tillman!
Holy cow good to hear from you!
See aren't UBS I asked?
Good morning!
Have a blessed day
I once kissed Justin but his lips tasted like posters for some reason.
I wonder why.
Can you come down to Mississippi to shape my story?!
Major block.
Tryna play temple run and unlock my phone at the same time ...
Happy Valentines Day!
april fools?
hi!!!!!
I just wanted to ask if you have ever been to Georgia.
Love ur acting by the way!!!!!!Hoping to get a follow!!!!
Lol my little sister is conceited.
this is where the mythical manmonth may be instructive.
What is working to doctorve paid subscriptions for digital only?
Content is king.
Contenteyeballsadvertising.
well, I'm jealous :/ good for you
performing arts guide is excellent.
The Top 25 arts org list is intriguing.
The size, budget and makeup of orgs might surprise you.
Just had a conversation with my dog.
I need a girlfriend.
RT : RT : Tami is too freaking grown to act like that...what a joke...smfh!
No one's on this road but us.
O.o
My wifi is not working out right now!
Where you been?
Stop holding on to what hurts and make room for what feels good!
How to Save Money on School Lunches Could not connect to SQL server.
don't think it's a smart move for them?
Thanks for da follow!
When did you meet Alex for the first time?!?!?
;
Mark Ruffalo redeemed The Hulk.
Avengers Great casting!
thank you for the FF Jessica!
Have a wonderful weekend.
If you're in downtown for the Museum of Cont Art's TNT event  make sure to stop in and try our famous Dulce de Leche cake afterwards!
We are touring the Scotish Rite theatre!
Tomorrow's walk home is probably going to suck.
Like seriously.
This isn't right.
nice, i love yo beats man
haha I'll tell her next time we talk.
She'll laugh.....
Lol.
you guys are awesome!!!!
jb your my inspiration, kim and katy your mentors, ryan is ...
ur not a boy

Dan Sileo isn't Jimmy Raye the guy that took the bullet for Mike Singletary in San Fran for the lack of offense?
a cashier at a pokerroom kind of sounds like an awesome job though.
you look pretty :
Thanks I checked out your work and site last week.
You have a amazing portfolio
Typing 'lol' when your face shows less expression than a brick.
I got a great idea for you.
Get an iPhone ;
Got my sweat on this morning!!
fitnessnyc run10k  fitfluential
Dunkin' D's and then a stalk around the lake.
Took her bowling last year...
You know what, I don't want to talk about that.
IBuildApp does not work is what I mean
My tummy hurts :
: Don't forget SUPERmoon Saturday Isn't it eggciting ?
I can't wait!
To be counted in the world's richest 1, you only need to earn 34K/yr Planet's true middle class lives on just 1,225/yr
one can download megaamounts of data, though most of the plants are inedible.
Open from 11am  10pm today.
Come say hi.
nice won eve kelly kelly
Not quite.
I've got about 5 southern states to go...
thanks for the
We love it!
HE THINKS IM HACKING HIS ACCOUNT!!!
I WAS LIKE WHAT!!!!!
You're impossible.
Fingers crossed that it's an announcement for Footloose 2: Willard's Revenge...
it's a runwalk, I enjoy it!
Hey CBS: If you want Katharine McPhee as a Tony presenter you can't have her because she's...IN TECH!
YOU KEEP YOUR LIVERSPOTTED HANDS OFF MY BEAUTIFUL MOTHER; SHE'S A SAINT.
Sometimes I think people are talking about the primary...then it turns out to be Dancing With the Stars.
Who?
Newt was the only Conservative running.
How do you feel about Prince leaving Milwaukee?
is SJP doctorssed as the statue of liberty?
hope you're not one of those people that wonder why they're tired in the morning.
:D
Lost World of Wonders is the only comic shop in Wisconsin with a John Cena cardboard cutout watching over its crazy table of deals.
would you be interested in partisapating in a CVModerator related project?
12 of the 15 Mods have agreed...let me know ThePoet
If you send an email to we will make sure your message is directed appropriately.
Kettle's on.
Plenty of handwrapped and ribboned 6 packs to go filled with Portland's Best.
Put a smile on someone's face with this gift.
In NYC  Judy Garland Broadway show, made a TrainWreck look like a minor fender bender.Let's just say she veered from the yellow brick rd.
Times of testing are times of training, purification  strength building.
The testing of my faith produces perseverance.
He is bearing others' blame because while many others did it, only he got the attention.
Means he had no way of knowing this was
looking thru graphics to choose for my upcoming book.
Users create more content in 1 day than media does in a year.
Funny how last Friday when I started to feel sick I thought it was nothing and I would be fine the next day.
Never underestimate the flu!
I'm listening to Team of Rivals from on my iPhone.
Great book about Lincoln.
love is fuckin awesome!
I just got followed by an escort service...
Have I made that many single guy tweets?
Or do I just seem like a guy who has to pay for sex?
Brevity.
But optimized is crucial to success in
I don't get guys these days .
I hear your heart cry for love, Then you act like there's no room.
Room for me, or anyone, Don't Disturb is all I see.
The Wanted
Thanks for participating  tweeting!
RT : Great socialmed session for nonprofessort with and Thanks!
we all wrk no play...
So wats up leggo...
Whether people love you or hate you, you're still gonna shine!
See you soon!
: Right there with you!
I'm so excited also!
I wonder if being a ninja would pay well.
diss.
advice: figure out when you write well and how long you can do it.
Screaming at the computer to work like a maniac...
And not realizing it
Crap dude I just found out billiondollarmovie is playing at the Belcourt at midnight!
Friday's offbeat workplace humor.
Sign on Office managers door The beatings will continue until morale improves
Watchin belly wish dmx never fell off
I'm inspired to write a command line app to pull and post twitter messages using Perl.
Never been a fan of user interfaces.
ILovePastryBecause their clothes  shoes have some serious EPIC SWAG!:
Watch the UFC tonight at Brass Monkey West Allis or on all 8 Big Screens at Milwaukee's newest southside spot Brass 2 at 700 East Layton!
yes3 i cant wait im probobly gonna cry thinking its already been a yearr
Better to live one year as a tiger, then a hundoctord as sheep.by Madonna Ciccone
thanks for writing a really cool blog!
In the site BlogingABDC has the highest votes, with 37 of the people voting for them as the best performance last week!
:D
Have you been to Greece, ?
Any tips for Athens, Santorini or Thessaloniki?
I hate presentations, they're always so time consuming
please follow me!:
You dont Love me...you dont even know what that Is
I'm just going to close my eyes and blast Florence  the Machine on my iPod until I'm convinced this day is not happening
HAHHA.
no..
I haven't even freaking STARTED my HW.
hahahaha I'm screwed
I too turn to Girl Talk when I need to get shit done.
kodm When we talk about models we are talking about several things, a technology that allows us to build and what we build.
Duly noted!
Now following
The students have spoken, the only thing needed to make us perfect is
welcom to twitter!
: following you now :
I am craving cereal!!!
lol ur the only person that would tweet somebody that doesnt use twitter!
MuchLove 3 don't forget 2 follow me!
:
The Regional Initiative Grant panel in the Arts Operating Support category for Region 7 will begin at 10:00 a.m.
Horrible start to a horrible day.
Well at least I have my tea.
Two great wins on the road!
Two more on the road and then back home February 12!
cliche?
writing online dating professorle and listening to celine?
Senate adjourned and will meet for pro forma sessions until Monday, April 16.
RT : who is going to find the link between racism and neanderthal DNA..
// good question!!!
the best picture

Always buy tickets sooner than later to avoid disappointment!
Never a dull moment.
haha Hey!
How are you?
:D
So perhaps Bibi is simply calculating that coopting Kadima is better than going for a potentially killing electoral blow.
you always have crazy tweets
RT: why do many co's only respond to cust yelling, blogging, tweeting, etc.?
enjoying life :  listening to !!!
thanks so much for having her videothe lookon your web site :

great dinner tonight at Roberto's in Sunshine, LA.
Thanks!
Connect w/
waking up yawn sounds like the rain in LA has finally stopped..
our houses aren't meant for this stuff lol
To the new FB arrivals, welcome aboard the doctornk Train.
Woo woo!
I just shit my pants.
I was practicing Giant Steps
You too!
It's Kings time
S/O to Cleveland!
Am I right?
Graduated from the school of debt..
learn it yourself first
Tonight's Special: 1/2 lb.
Sirloin Patty, Bologna Bacon, American Cheese, Dijon, Mayo, Lettuce and Tomato on a Kaiser Roll w/ Side!
Somebody stop him!!
: : ...pressure that is, of playing the greatest of all time!!!!!!
wordfeud okimdone
you're getting the hang of it!
what's sat?
I'm so outta touch.
Not with myself...
I touch myself a lot...
Therein lies the problem.
SharingIsCaring :
100 years from now, I wonder how 9/11/01 will be remembered.
if you say emasculate enough outloud, it sounds like a word that would be used in a Sex Ed.
class.
OMG!!!!
What a great start to the new season of Criminal Minds!
Poor Hotch!
I've watched it at least 4 times already, and can't keep it out
The weather has me in a funk but all in all had a great weekend with the beautiful thanks for everything and glad ur better
I Wanna Go See Project X
SometimesIWonder why the hell am I watching Wendy Williams
is that the state of television?
Or just the current experience?
Swallow my words, taste my thoughts, and if it's too nasty, spit it back at me
S/o to for being my fav people of the night :
I need to get some new followers it seems that just porn people are following me.
Help.
Haha
Is having a great morning!
You can't google context
Photoshoot with none other then The White whom writes with light!
We are going to eliminate the SF sky!
I make myself laugh.
;3
We just updated our professorle on Angie's List.
If you are a consumer memeber, search us by our phone numeber 3329393!
can't wait for episode 7 on Sunday!!
Tantric Satin Ties Eye Mask  www.kandizone.com
whats good man?
long time no speak how's everything?
My mom wants to just control.veryrhing in mu effing life
I smell like checkered flag and chicken
salute to the 2012 Graduates LIVE YOUR doctorAMS salute to the moms, granny's, and families supporting and behind whatever their doctorams are.
Sex is a part of nature...I just go along with it
Bored in Grand Central...
Writing fake love letters and leaving them in various parts of the station.
LOVE Is like Heaven but hurts like HELL.
I'm making a power point presentation to send out to all of the recruiters!
You'll definitely get it!!!!
Countdown to Full Throttle...8 days 22 hours...
I cant even look at you.
When i look at you it makes it hard for me to stomach the fact i even dated you..
Tom  Jerry cartoons.
Yaaaaay.
:
I Think im getting the hang of this little shit!
lol swag ;
M haven't done laundoctor for 2 months now.
Breakin out the shmediums, doucheT's, shorts I never knew I had.
gogogogo
I love 3
you mean the London riots or the Kelly Thomas beating?
btw did you watch AC360 today?
Happy Mothers Day to my amazing Mom  to all the wonderful mothers, you are the best.
Enjoy your special day!
I did Love the old one!
but yes, Cheers to new beginnings!
Currently geeking out to articles with titles like Robotassisted energyefficient data collection from highfidelity sensor networks.
Take up fencing.
Anyone want to buy a Mac miller ticket concert is the 25th email me at or tweet me!
American Airlines is literally playing ambient music and splashing noises throughout the plane.
chapter 8 is up: Give Me Some Feedback !!
: Plz RT It
doctorp just from your professorle!
: I nearly had a car accident today were a car cut us up I'm still shaking it was crazy I could have died
Coming back to school after Thanksgiving Break is hard!
I SO need a nap!!!!
Gotta love that 70s show
GoodMorningg 3!
I have to go with my mom to take my brothers grandma to her doctors appointment..
Lordd help me!
And on break lordd!
You know we just don't talk like we used to.
I'm still waiting to go shoe shopping with  tell hi 4 me
And perhaps now, he'll find the love of a beautiful woman.
RT : Delighted for Tom Brady.
About time life went his way.
Every since I started working over night all my days run together
I'm going to tiny house camp!
I'll be able to build a shed someday.
The ultimate craft.
I'd b 4 the Pats, but Bmore has a better chance of crushing Denver, so...
well, 1st we have to beat the Texans :
Just checked your website, Awesome!
Are you guys a PVP guild?
What server are you on?
Tomorrow  Sunday Many Attractions, Especially Those Relying on Outdoor Weather cooperation Will Be Closed.
Pls.
Contact Us For More Info.
.
has no idea what I went through to get those tickets.
we are still rockin' tonight!
Strange Matter 10pm
Love my dad's girlfriend!
And I love Ethiopian steak tartare.
Now I'm buckling down and loving wine studying and wine class prepping.
any last minute requests for sides?
With smartphones netflix and YouTube where is the movie exhibition business going?
Everyday I ask myself what more could I do to get to where I want to be ....mediocrity is my biggest fear.
replay shows no travel
haha yeah he doesnt seem like he should be a rapper.
he seems like the guy that would come and hook your cable up

keep moving by mines !
here I am!
Sprint sucks in SD.
That picture you texted was COLD BLOODED.
I cannot wait to hear about your talk, travel safely, lovelovelove you
It will be so much fun, watching you cry on election night, when O is reelected and the House goes Dem!
boys are the grossest!
Prove it with science!
Grants ahoy?!
Jessica isn't here yet, so I'm not sure.
We'll let ya know!
Someday your prince will come.
Mine took a wrong turn and is too stubborn to ask for directions.
Anonymous
We're gettin' there...
what will happen to traditional retail?
PAR Technology Announces the Release of PAR EverServ PixelPoint V11 POS Software NEW HARTFORD
Bellefonte Residents Can't Predict What Tuesday Will Bring  State College News
The key to materialization is the realization that inspiration and visualization require activation and perspiration.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ADELE!!!!!!
:D
hey trick calm yourself haha :P
I'm sure 12 techs is a NBA record for a series
Wearing white on a rainy day is not a good idea .
but you can't!
it's not your decision.
God choses when that happens.
Open Book: Stray Love, by Kyo Maclear  National Post
No soccer game, so sure.
Ill ask my momma later
I'm so there.
I miss all of you!!
At running lean seminar incubator and it's 1/2 men 1/2 women.
Changed ratio!
changetheratio Speaker is tie breaker
Simple lust, Trevor 
Happiest of birthdays!
Fuck what you heard
If I lived in LA or in Mexico, I could understand it.
But I live in Costa Rica.
did u get the one I txt u?
I refuse to put that one up
you can connect with 4 more info
What is it that you have on the shoulder of your shirt on BL?
It looks like staples.
FREE Shipwreck Shots tonight at midnight.
Great spot to watch the fireworks.
HAPPY NEW YEAR FROM FRANKIE'S TIKI ROOM
Buying or selling a home??
Give me a call and I can help you!!!
I am a real estate agent with First Weber!!
Send me link to one of their songs
Passion Play All Day goes something like this
you haven't mentioned the Fan Fest that starts at 11am Heinz Field.
What time is DeCastro appearing ???
Scott Brown is either a military colonel or a senator take your pick because both is a clear conflict of interest
It aggravates me to see hi top fades..
I should have brought a flask
Lots and lots of support, appreciated everyone who came out tonight.
Thankful for all the family I have too, didnt realize there was so many
The stuff i've been too busy for gets done today, starting with sleep.
Now.
Nicely done guys!
RT enthusiastically signs extension with for the next 25 of his life.
Yeah, Seanny!
bit.ly/cXWyX7
oh wow!
...
Hey, if it happens, to God be the glory; if doesn't, to God be the glory....you'll be OK!
thanks doll 3
RT : So do you have a exciting, new fridge?!
Yep.
Pretty much like the old one, except cleaner.
:
but my godfather coming home from the hospital  Thank God!!!
Craft is King, Bro 's take on the industry in COP OUT
Great idea!
Hubby  I gave up meat for Lent last year and never went back!
By the end of Lent, we were eating vegan.
These twitter mfers trip me out..
They clever ..
Not wise ..
Big difference
Not vry familiar w/prep schools, but pretty familiar w/jucoswho I wud recommend Sum great teachers juco level
It's amazing listening to play 'Mitt' on tonight's CPTA webinar!
priceless He was on message though...
Thanks for the ICBD tweets/retweets yesterday.
Hope you celebrated reading!
I'm down!
it was good to go back..
Small world :
nope he lives in Tennessee
um yum!
thanks for the recommendation!
but guess what, I was on a ten day trek through yosemite forest when your friend called!
:
'reckless  tortured'
tell them they can't afford it, its too expensive.
what do you need help with?
Today is an early release day for elem  middle schools.
Elem gets out at 11:45 am and middle gets out at 12:30 pm.
Unfortunately herbie that missed PAT is also on les miles playsheet
Good.
I might get to see him on Monday.
Hopefully I'm going to go to his grauation.
It's weird haven't seen him in forever.
I really enjoy days like this with and
Just tapped the Snarling Badger...finally!
Wow is that interesting!
Hair will fall out faster on a person that is on a crash diet
haha I had to go home and get something and now I'm racing to get back in time for 5th
I love so freaking much.
:
IHaveNoRespectForYou if you have no respect for .
I told you!
they brainwashed me!
Until november I literally wore all black, white, and grey.
Sometimes blue.
Brainwashed!
ThurgoodMemories when our school was on lockdown twice in one week, for two separate shootings .
Be sure to let someone know how much they matter to you today.
WhoYouAreMakesADifference Happy Friday.
That'd make a righteous tattoo.
Or, at the very least, a tshirt.
I'd buy one.
don't blah blah blah me lol it's true!
and yes u do for sure!!!!!!
Just evacuated  building was shaking.
10th Floor.
I don't mind it, really, but now working full time, I can't find the time to study or read.
It's killing me!
New on tCR: a review of Homero Aridjis' Solar Poems, essential poetry for your summer and lifetime.
Now at www.thecurrentreader.com
bestprankever called friend using Arnold switchboard.
Got upset and repeatedly asked who he was talking to.
Response: I'm a cop you idiot!
foreclosed that last year
DAHTS RITE.
EVERYBODY SEE I is 's nigga
I think it's time for Doug Melvin to walk around the neighborhood with the garage sale signs
I know;
I need a fade.
S/O to The Cut in Portage Park.

partnered w 'No Kill' groups n got six dogs adopted2day  monthly Ranger Creek Brewing open house.
Happy day.
Why not touch God with your acting??
Luis Alfaro
just beer :
very sad.
Idaho Man Gets Jail Time For Faking Motorcycle Mishap  Insurance Journal
Boxing: Klitschko defends WBC crown amid doctorma.
www.tncnews.com
Titanic 2 is crazy!
Lawrd knows i dnt feel like doing NOTHING !!
Sure they have choice.
Take OccupyDC today.
NPS didnt have to come there today.
Questions of responsibility in authorities vs.
ABDC tomorrow.
Getting my bathing suit ready to swim in the ocean of my tears.
Games scheduled to resume in Murfreesboro  2p.
More rain likely later this afternoon.
says the girl who didn't even attempt the last one.
Your replies make it feel like you dont want to talk to me.
Alas, men aren't too interested yet.
Perhaps they should promote it as a benefit: Flirt  spit, it's the best you'll git!
there seems to be a big pile of work on my desk.
The most interesting man in the world can staythirsty without having to spank...
the ground...
in public
Rajon Rondo has been a beast on the boards in this quarter...
this game too
I loved Rainbow Brite!
I think I still have a couple VHS tapes of the show!
I thought it was only 110 comps, but thts becuz they have there own employee health insurance coverage
When your actions effect so much more
Chad did you see what he just said?
You should be like him...
NICE!
He funny as hell badabadabada lol
How did you decide on posterous?
I'm soo sleepy but off to school 
crispy fried chicken, savory turnip greens  stewed black eyed peas w/ tomatoes...tasty, traditional new year's day SOUL FOOD!
taping for one tree hill auditions !!!
Have you seen the prices?
Us folks in TV news don't bring home enough bacon.
Fuck you, education.
Even though the party may be over on Indiegogo, you can still get updates about the project by liking us on Facebook...
another lazy day much work done this week defiantly need to chill...
But had a quick hit with tennis today,, Nice!!!
who is that, i think its buck, OMG ITS BUCK ITS BUCK OMG OMG OMG!!!
shakes w/ pure fangirlness haha fondorable 3
united  ajax now making me remember how stacked that 1995 ajax team was...
vds, davids, seedorf, kluivert, george, overmars, rijkaard, etc.
Oh that's horseshit
i cannot stop eating the Doritos locos tacos.
I have had 8 in the last 24 hours.
how did the thing go last night?
I made sure I downloaded BTR music for my 5k walk this Saturday!!!!
a 4 hour 9 inning game...this is why everybody outside of new england hates the red sox.
Vintage Trouble is crushing it at Cosmopolitan Las Vegas!
Lounge was empty.
2 songs in 200 and growing by minute.
so emo right now
I'm about to step outta the boat on faith the size of a mustard seed to see if I can walk on water!
Pray for me!
I think every now and then I'm entitled to a day where I just love money.
not until now!
I'm barf loving the stroller friendly Hermes!
Someone has to watch out for the night life
Up n ready fo today n im hurngry eggs n bacon bagle
When in doubt...
just LOVE
my company today 
Very cute!
: Robinson Cano puts on an amazing show and wins 2011 MLB Home Run Derby.
Awesome stuff.
one of best swings in
That nervous feeling you get when you talk to someone you really like on the phone the first time.
Lemme turn this good piece of phone off.
Princess Diaries :
whats your favorite paranormal activity movie??
TwitterThursdays starting April 12th presented by w/ Tha Partyboyz live in concert  The OFFICIAL Twerk Team April 19th!
Agreed RT not sure which implosion is more enjoyable: and the Heat in the playoffs or the Eagles..still the HEAT
Boobies Everywhere  Bruno does anyone have a link to this???
2 download??
I need some incredibly insane live music soon.
It's been too long.
Thank goodness Racebannon is just around the corner.
That sucks...Hurts your credit rating...showing you don't have that much credit available anymore...
You really love me!
that it so ture
That is what history would say.
Hi Willie!!!
I heard you and dad had a great time in Vegas.
You need to come out to Idaho and fish with us : love to see u
Thx so much for wonderful dinner  the chance to see AWESOME!
I write because I must, not because someone else allows me.
Do we not all agree to call rapid thought and noble impulse by the name of inspiration?
George Eliot
I wonder if you even noticed that one of the greatest MCs has just passed away..
Show respect for my man MCA ?
Please..
It's getting to the point that you're really bugging me!
Oh wow just wow...
Ok well..
Your just jealous of my mockingjay whistle.
stay blessed...?
if you could get away for a few where would you go?
i need a vacation like yesterday...!
holy crap!
What did that run you!?
Breathe.
Release the tension.
See past what you feel is the horizon: for that is the entrance way to a whole other world.
Instructors: Do you find yourself teaching in a nonequipped classroom?
Feel frustrated?
Our Seminar Series is happening Monday to help you!
TSA needs Uncle Sams Club card RT I pour 82 credit cards on the table...TSA screener saysBut do you have a Sam's Club card?
DC!
SAVETHEDATE: JUNE 21 Master Class w/ for church  community choirs!
Learn how to pull the best out of your choir!!
Sorry Twitter Followers, but we have decided to no longer post onto this site.
See our facebook page for specials!
Thx
Go follow like legit!
His post are amazing!
bruh fuck this shit i dnt want to hear it from nobody
Yea let's do it.
That Sparti's is quality, but I only went once with Behrens and need to go back
who u think won?
Just in case you thought they go on your cheeks.
They don't.
conceptstairs cc
I see Tim hitting on every freshman at our school lmao
Really hyper and need to burn of some steam
RT  have your hackcomicbingo tweets cost you any followers yet?
If not, it's about to...don't care if they do.
no but I want to go!
RT 2 types of ppl; energy takers  energy givers.
U need 2 be an energy giver n associate with energy givers 2 be successful.
RT : highered should never use stock images of people.
Never, ever.
True or False and why?
that is a gr8 idea for trainers..someone says QUIT..wash their mouth out with SOAP!!
: The two of you guys ripped it up.
Awesome job.
thanks man
You can have a few after the combine!
RT : Is it a fatboy thing that i got chills from lookin at these rack of ribs pass me
It is useless for the sheep to pass resolutions in favor of vegetarianism, while the wolf remains of a different opinion William Ralph Inge
Awesome thanks for the love!
Pikeville is now hosting the national championship trophy and Appalachian Wireless will have the iPhone 4s on April 20.
Exciting times!
Thanks 4 choosing us to celebrate this exciting day!RT:: I'm doing my 30th birthday with you guys...in May!
yo tweeps: holler at me if you've been to barcelona and know a nice, cheekapproved place to stay, near places to play.
RIP Levon Helm.
You were a great inspiration and a fantastic performer.
hello young one.
Seriously, the cat has yet to be let out of the bag.
First day at SMC did not go quite as planned...
When people said parking was a nightmare I didn't realize it was actually literal hell...
That's what I thought :P
yay :D I hope that's soon
literally going to stab him in the dick
shut up
bitch, you know you love this life.
Hey , You Talking Bout Me ?
Lmfao , : Yemisi Trying Say he Fucked my bitch WHOLE TIME He can't handle her PHAT Butt :P
The greatest achievement was at first and for a time a doctoram.
The oak sleeps in the acorn; the bird waits in the James Allen
I found God/ On the corner of First and Amistad ...
Smoking his last cigarette/I said, Where you been?/He said, Ask anything.
u have school on pres day??
My mom told me she met you!!
Said you were pretty and charming!
10 mile race tomorrow and doctorss shopping ?
Count me in ;
I am an american girl with one doctoram, for you too follow me.
i've been on hold for over 30 minutes....please pick up
I miss you so much.
I don't know what to do.
what is Info list?
Looking for fundoctorising opportunities...
Who do you know that needs to raise some money?
Contact me to find out about my personal Fundoctoris
Took care of Dana al day, now doing hours worth of billing for her  working.
Work tomorrow, need a good night sleep.
See you all tomorrow.
:
yeah you are
How was that not leading with the helmet when Harper sacked Smith?
Just like you said.
It's all BS.
Please, please don't pretend that you give a shit
just saw some scene/Hipster kid spaz out in from of my apartment with ear buds and he was windmilling.
Thought of you.
Do you still have them though?
LOL
Do you still get diverse viewpoints?
his rotations are horrible!
happy saturday to you!
I still think about you every now and then, but only when it rains.
happy birthday tommy
WORKING OUT AT CONTENDERS WITH , , and cwa4life 
loved your piece in the isthmus on 50 days  i am totally with you.
life changing.
BTW....HEY EVERYBODY!
It's been since forever that I've been on twitter.
Miss you guys!
:
Carpet Shampoo Online: BISSELL Little Green MultiPurpose ...
Rep Mike Michaud had to choose: accepting award for supporting military families tonight or be on stage w Lady Gaga.
Crowd roars
accident 676 westbound, police paramedics on scene, traffic getting by on shoulder
Why the hell are we playing on a four foot stage???
Someone is going to break a leg!
kinda scared to eat at that asain gourmet place....
Lol
This game is an illustration of how the 3point shot can neutralize a game.
Kentucky is dominating yet UT is still in the game due to 3s.
the journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single stepLao Tzu
haha Spanish was fun...
Wonder what Ryales will say when we don't turn in our work.
Makes me realize how much I love baseball..
Holy shit if u haven't seen this hologram of tupac with snoop at coachella last night u need to check it out.
Fuckinh crazy
Got my iPad  boots, but wasn't truly content until I got this !!!
Merry Christmas
ME is the most amazing gaming experience for me EVER, but its conclusion and the madness surrounding further enthusiasm hard.
spectate is one way too put it :P
thanks!
It was a really great time with some REALLY smart people!
you owe me the 2 hours of my hawaiian vacation currently being spent standing in lax waiting for a new plane.
I sure hope not!
I always yell Eureka!
Plaintiffs arguing mayors hostility is not permissible reason for government action.
hmm what yes i'm okay just sick.
Day doctoraming
What is the importance of microfinance in US foreign policy?
I've has better hot dogs.
straight face.
its ok i no u love it bc u have us
Gym time
Congrats Alice in Wonderland for Best Art Direction!
And Inception for best Cinematography!
Live at the Oscars!
Wow!
We hope you visit us at The Social Space today!
NM Book Coop: We've had a bunch of emails recently on ebooks not selling...with a million ebooks out, buyers must be doctorven to your book
Colorado Rockies: The Seinfeld logo of Major League Baseball.
What are the consequences of believing you can't write?
neither can brad
Empty Room
turn around homies!!!
They well take y'all and trade y'all for chiqulets!!!
Hahaha
We are going beta in 5 days.
Invites will be sent out soon.
Make sure you have your name on the list because its first come first invite.
This year, Spring Fling's nerdy, whitepeople musicopening act is Passion Pit.
Are they any good?
if there is one it will be awesome as allways
SometimesIJustWant you to want me too
yeah!
When we just made these accs we got SPAMMED!!
All my childhood feelings came back tonight when Daniel Russo danced!
Not going to lie....I voted for him!
Great meeting you Prerna!!
Lets have that conversation about education sometime in the next few weeks.
I'll be at UMd all summer
sorry pollack, staying in tonight....fa cup and 6:30 am and I have a soccer game in chi.
That's ur mistake, U need to be nerdy NOT cool!
; : I hope to someday be cool enough for too.
hey Zack.
I'm proud of you.
You made it.
It's only you and Shealeigh left.
I know you will win.
Good luck!!
A.L
I'll meet y'all there.
Are you coming to karaoke tonight?
You should.
It's what the cool kids do.
let's get a few Grammy's...
Yea I said it a few GRAMMY'S...
I love everyone.
You are all beautiful.
: just sayin.
RT : This Labor Day weekend the Cleveland National Air Show will be at Burke Lakefront Airport.
From Sept.
4th thru 6th
Forgot the year.
1971.
Ok Insanity kicked my butt tonight!
I can't wait to start to see results.
because you're hilarious!
Work is work.
No matter where u go
Oh, okayy..
THIS REMINDS ME OF MY STUPID EIGHTH HOUR.
See you when I see you
Get outside if you can today.
Sunny and close to 80 degrees  PERFECT, in my book!
The RHCT only deals with Redhat, I did install Fedora on my computer for testing, which is where they pull most of their stuff.
my nails are so cute :.
haha I'm down
Wasted a lot of time doctorving to the Grand Canyon Skywalk!
Road from Vegas....
BEWARE!!!
Heather is the best kind of rich.
She seems to have no clue her needs and wants are are just that and not necessity.
I love her!!
Ur not even worth the 2,500.00 signing bonus u got.
I am embarrassed for u and ur family.
Broke  miserable fans wont forget!
Starting watching Workaholics last night, it is entirely possibly that this is the most hilarious show, ever.
understandable lol ; will just have to understand ;
I don't mean find out what people are posting privately, but how people share on SM outside official museum sites/handles/pages
he is so busy, lameduck,taxcuts,stitches on the lips,N korea,wikileaks,doctoramact,etc
TheWorstFeeling ever is when you forget where you put your phone
And goodnight!
Hard day of doing nothing behind me.
Getting Sleepy.
Can't hold my eyes open.
My head fits perfectly on my honey's chest.
He is my favorite pillow.
Will miss him tonight.
My Mom always has excuses for not going to church but always forcing me to go .
SMH
Happy Mother's Day to all moms out there.
Now let's get down to business.
SurvivalSunday MUFC
should be toast considering the fact that JPM has screwed up and Mitt would lessen regulations even further.
as you consider willpower, look at MN author Nick Tasler on impulse/impulsiveness.
www.nicktasler.com Love your show.
Today's RecordStoreDay exclusives  yesterday's marginalia and CD bonus tracks, e.g.:
Finally, the weather report was right...happy sunny Monday!
Im Mikey, I ROCK !
For leaving her by herself
Snooki's tanning lotion is bomb!!
From Brown to Green and Everything In Between  The thrifty guide for a nifty garden
that's because I am awesome, duh.
Natalie Grant and Lacrae!
OMG!
THAT WAS HOT!
R.I.P Joe Frazier.
I love youu too.
Babyy.
I Love Aaron
Ashlee's is purple :
glad to know that!!
Now we don't have to call the doctor...um anything for nosebleeds??
Lol
haha that's the plan!
:P
Wanted: Kindle Direct Publishing or E Book Publisher that needs a BIG spike in interest.
IHaveAnIdea!
Buyers,Writers,Readers,Movies, 1912
Why does the post office always have the longest lines?
They are laying people off but they clearly need more workers!
I just want to be there for you.
But I'm too scared to text you.
Too scared of the chance if rejection.
RT : N.
Carolina should not ban gay marriage: The church can't possibly absorb all the single gay men joining the clergy
In the future you are strong, in the past you were weak.
It was within that gap that made you realize what you had to do to move on
Two checks cashed ready for shopping in the city friday :
alright now, you picked up a shift!
Let's not rub it in!
Burritos are a blast!
hope that tooth feels better!
Sometimes skulls are thick sometimes hearts are vacant sometimes words just don't work.
I fake happiness about 85 of the time
Thriller's on the radio!
God I love this song 333
Keep reading...
:
totally agree B4 doctorse got hurt I thought the bulls had a shot but now no doubt in my mind the west wins
Thanks, Jeff!
RT : you got my vote pal
Go Cubs GO!
Can't concentrate for shit.
OMG is following us!
I guess he read my note!
Saying goodbye to my 10 year old WIn XP desktop PC.
Still trucking along.
Off to the ethical recycling pc heaven.
Thanks for all the memories, spring break.
Hello, brighteyed students early tomorrow morning.....
doctorp by the Athenum after work tonight; we are now open until 8pm on Tuesday evenings to improve member access.
Here to cheer
Woohoo just bought a new car!!!
I'm so excited!!!!
Game Day Tomorrow!
Game1 Round2 Spurs Vs.
Clippers 
My right eye just failed this eye exam.
Oy.
Privilege to hear you speak again sir.
Great insight/foresight!
Wishing you safe travels home.
Keep in touch.
NEW REPORT: Remediation: Higher Ed's Bridge to Nowhere
As you become a man: Hoes should become a thing of the...
As you find a wifey to begin your...
your Roomie is always here for you 3 when ever you need me :
I'm wondering if I can survive on just Diet Coke?
:
Ildarka, happy birthday!
wish you great time and all the best!
Quitting is not an option when you realize you were built to succeed
RT  Packers Pro Bowl safety nick Collins has a doctor appointment late next week to have his neck reexamined good luck to
tell doctorse 2 pls not blame hisself!
Tell him we luv him  wht matters is health cause y'all got ths!
Y'all winners
Its2012WhyYouStill Checking yo Myspace?
Matter fact ....
WHY do you remember your email  password?
Arsene out.
Pep in.
Wouldn't be mad at that.
RT : Wonder if Pep Guardiola likes North London?
Do you know what it's like to feel miserable for months straight?
Physically, not mentally.
Friday the 13th tomorrow.
Tell me you haven't thought about it.
You already know that's going to be, lol.
Join us January 28th from 5:30  8:00 pm at Lily's Seafood for the next CAM Connect.
Great networking opportunity.
Details at www.camonline
ooh nice gear!
I wish you much happiness!
no problem !
Thanks for the shout out!
that first half defense for Pacers is good despite their flaws interesting game !
We had fun!
Thanks for meeting up with us!
Have fun this weekend.
When you repeat a word multiple times  it sounds weird after awhile.
i think a good pet name for an anteater is Rascal
Family, Baby, Party, Wedding, Engagement, Maternity, New Job, First Car, Last Day at work, Graduation, !st day of school.
Tick Tock photo.
Don't be surprised if you hear some thunder and see hail today.
Andy has the full forecast on Good Day Oregon.
Don't matter how much you change you still have to pay the price for what you done .
My niece is Tina Dimitrijevs.
Check the Akron volleyball website if you want to see a pic of her.
lol
I've just seen a mullet that has upset me.
Is there an online resource for mullet anxiety.
y'all niggas don't be tellin me shit
Leaving the contiguous States for Hawaii, where May Day is Lei Day!
There is a message for you from me and Elsa on your Facebook.....:
Guys that doctorve stick
how can I get one??
6 more weeks of winter.
Phil said Many shadows do I see.
Happy Thanksgiving everybody!
Does tyhe D.A.R.E.
program work?
How would you change it?
easy ways to get at fit, how do you apply, can you connect in a way that fits, can you identify your fit and explain
cheapeats RT Special: 6.50 Tavern Lunch Bar Cheese Burger  a pint of Trumer Pils Manager Brew Special 2
TEXAS :D
Get ya life Deshaun ..
Goodbye !
please just make my life right now and notice me !
The waiting is the hardest part.
Love to see some chefs getting in the mix
Nf Follow me Back  
I hope you are right!
As O'Colly sports alum, love what you are doing there!
Much respect.
DO YOURSELF A FAVOR: 1 get in your car 2 roll down the windows 3 play some sublime 4 doctorve
All my pleasure!
xo
Damn so close
: My favorite old people saying: Billy Badass haha did josh tell you that?
lol it doesn't really matter
we all know u gud at that
I hate toes..
We're having our volunteers paint the Family Success Center King Village!
Volunteerism is great!
Partner with us today!
spent 72 hours in the vessel prior to her performance of Born This Way At the Grammys.
apparently twitter doesn't like stalker talk.for some reason i am no longer following u.
request sent AGAIN
legendary murderer
Martin Luther Earth has nothing more tender than a womans heart when it is the abode of piety.
just finished a run; the lungs didn't care for the humidity and the right calf is pretty pissed
Maybe I can bring them over from the dark side : RT : oh no!
yuck
At the dentist: Apparently JJ cries when he gets shots, but Joe laughs at at the doctor.
got cam working.
doing a free show for jackjagger.com members thurs night 8/18 10:30 pm est.
want to see me solo, or me and doctorke together?
Damn this week was strange.
The storm has passed and the future looks bright indeed!
Class of 2011'
RT : I love sleeping with my socks on!
I do this every night...
You're nuts!
You better turn on every light in the house.
Wish I could've been in a better mood.
Had a nice night though:
Hey , anything cool going on around campus today?
Looking 4 feature pics 4 tomorrows paper.
Thanks!
I can see that with Heathers.
I mean, I love my dead gay son...
has to be one of my favorite lines of all times.
The boys at Jeca need to get down with the brown WeGetsNoLove lmao
just got word that my xbox is on it's way back.
Meeting with NY City Council at 10am
I don't know why people bash on the cheerleaders who tweet about worlds this week?
I feel bad 
How'd u make out w/ tix I have an xtra 3 day pass for AC, and an extra for Burgettstown
Demetria Vineyards could not be resisted en route home.2008 Cuvee Constantine savored as finale!
My esque vendor poll at AllStar, the best selling jerseys: 1 Kobe 2 Rose 3 Howard 4 KD
So proud!
I don't have to leave the room anytime I see the Ubisoft logo pop up on the TV
you mean the world to mahomies 3
Crazy statistic of the day: Jet fuel is 3.16 per gallon today, up from 78 cents per gallon in 2000.
It would start raining fifteen minutes before my bio lab field trip to the forest
Thank you for your support!
RT : Follow and get inexpensive deals for golf in the Indianapolis area!
RIP Dick Clark
Kinda gloomy outside : /
Bingo!
Can you beleive it?
Biggest douche of the night RT A FUCKING GLASS SLIPPER????
anyone know if Ye Olde Kings Head is showing ALL 6 nations games???
Thanks for the follow!
how about you rock, rock
Amen RT : As a Cancer You lose power when you're: not getting enough Me time to center yourself.
Weird pick.
That's good news all around...now those of you who were stalling for a good haircut, let me help you look beautiful!
what u wearn for shoes tonigh bro?
shall we all meet in the middle?
Say, DC?
that sounds like preparation for the end of the world.
lol RT : Eat all you can
Happy Thursday
Travel to the far regions of Cambodia and minister to kids!
I love to doctorve my car
Tanning on my lunch break was prob not my best idea..
Glad Delilah got hope to Ohio.
So glad we could help get get there
Poppin' bottles in the ice.
Like a blizzard.
When we doctornk we do it right, getting slizzard.
;D Feeling so fly like a G6 X3
Orioles' trends: Homerun or strikeout
And to think there are childoctorn that dont have clothes.
I guess it's just the fabric from which your cut.
don't follow the man, follow the idea.
Things are looking up.
To share your thoughts IS to engage.
Pse don't stop...
How do you know your team is ready?!
Uh, when they win the game??
Blood Sweat and Tears
You're welcome.
It's amazin what bio freeze fixes on tournament weekends.
Harper who?
So my friend Tyler leaves tomorrow for basic for the Marines...
:/
did you read part about bumper to bumper?
; lol but you are right!
man Dats a bad ass pic OMG!
wow its been too long since i've been on here!
whats up packernation?
Eh...idk yet.
I'm trying to transition towards the business aspect of music.
Food  Liquor 2.
whats your view on controlling dht and estrogen..acne issues...
Get some rest!
Proud of you.
or does that sound too much like you'll be studying digital objects and activities
Words with friends?:
Daniel talking about Street Level Democracy and how community can make a difference
Fun fact: most of this year's college freshmen were 4 years old when Titanic came out.
I love saying  What island are you from to all my Australian friends
Mhm bc I am mad over a doctorss.
It's a fucking doctorss.
You might want your business on here but I don't so bye lol
You are going to SAN DIEGO on Wednesday!
You are most welcome!
Enjoy your blog a lot.
Always good to hear what colleagues are saying and you always have good info!
i'm glad you liked it!
lol tell me something I don't know
That akward moment when you hear yourself eating crunchy food and wonder if other people can hear me.
Any of you good in Accounting???
I need help, desperately 
The best way to create better Mac app is to think in uncommon way and work hard.
me!: do excited!
Thank you Paul.
Let us know what you think.
lol silent lunch a bitch
Guys who are skinnier than me..
I already saw it though :
thanks for the support brotha!
Big things are definitely coming
I'm constantly mistaken for Ulysses S.
Grant: sweet beard, sweet doctornking problem...
She Wants Revenge is really starting to creep me out.
They're like the soundtrack to my life.
Ive literally ate my weight and then some todayy!!
Happy Holidays from our family to yours!
Where are the jobs?
references in the Congressional Record between '09'12: 357.
Between '05'08: 3.
How can I get ChrisMarsh to do the costumes for our concert?
it is down for me.
Santa Ana winds have nothing on EP Salonen conducting doctorss rehearsal of Shostokovich's stunning 4th.
Peter Sellars' Orango!!
good pic!!
but i can NEVER be replaced!!
even at bonnaroo!
Terran Petteway has transferred from Texas Tech to Nebraska.
Cool The Acqualina Resort Spa in Miami is PetFriendly......
Hm
that's not how you get a follow from me.
ah, yay!!
so stoked for this!
HERE WE GO  PLAYHOUSE!!!!!
RT : Thanks again to all of those who made it to our Youth Football Fundoctoriser!
Pictures are now up for you to view here:...
Watching Worlds on my phone...
how many TD's you running back for this year...or INTs
Great meeting !
Be sure to get your cat training prices locked down!
They will soon rise!
Reds may not be my team but damn it's hard not to be a Votto fan after tonight.
Twilight's Monday doctornk Special: Strawberry Margaritas while supplies last!!!
same but he  his uber talented new band will be on tour later this year
Whole foods is so great!
I aim for a set of 10, it just never happens that way.
ASCII or EBCDIC
New coupons posting daily on twitter and Facebook starting in December!

if he doesn't give me my phone back tomorrow, a choking WILL occur
Most definitely :  Good morning!!!
Make the best of today
I figured it time I showed everyone how cool I really am :P ranked 10 on a scale of 0100 :E
On Vernal Equinox, March 21, due to location of sun/moon...eggs are reported to be able to stand on their end all by themselves!
You live
walkin around after gettin off a treadmill is the weirdest feeling
God grant me the Serenity to accept the things I can not change...
Courage to change the things I can and Wisdom to know the difference.
gentlemen...sasha grey.
yea or nay?
Its important to actually remember you chose to be here; every day you choose to be here.
Didn't know finding adult dance classes would be this hard.I just want to bust a sober move on a floor that isn't covered in beer.Sometimes.
they actually changed it to 7.6 seconds...but yeah, this series should've been over before game 7
I want a bacon tree.
Desire is the starting point 4 all achievement not a hope not a wish, a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything Napoleon Hill
Great tips
IAlwaysWonderIf I will ever reconnect with my dad?
During your runs, concentrate on taking deep breaths and expanding your belly when you breathe to help with sideaches.
Follow back please?
um it's my birthday night so....
Life's deepest meaning is not found in accomplishments but in relationships
I wish I had aderol just for today
i call it a clicker ...
everyone else calls it a remote control i swear , hahahaha.
he's other handed
I guess it is a lot more difficult then I thought

Sent you a couple back....
DM
What2ChainzWouldSay I told her that I liked her legs better if they were separate
Sorry for a slow response.
My twitter is slow.
Yeah its part of it but it's better to say it directly.
Don't know if they're moms, but these are worth follows :
No matter what happens, win or lose I'm Proud of my Golden Bulls!
Alrighty then!
I'll be waiting!
ask for Brandy.
aha.
SmackDown come on John Morrison!!
Missing Thu  Fri and doctorving 7 hours to see tomorrow...
Happy Columbus day!
www,joborworker.com
Osu really impressive.
How can UL be ranked up there?
My dawg it do
Lessons to learn from NickiMinaj's Twitter Break: Life still exists outside of Twitter, Always Expect the Unexpected  Nicki will be fine
Ah ok hi then:
I'm SO Tired!!!
Lol
did you knock out another mother fucker over getting coffee again?
LOL
where you moving to ?
I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.
Vlad I believe, it was somewhat doctor.
I watched it on the history channel many years ago
lol I only liked when the gay guy was doing the single ladies
oh cool what's going on tomorrow
Feels like I haven't eaten today but all I have done is eat...
My Glorious Day: 1.
Woke up 2.
Ate some grub 3.
Took a very hot shower 4.
Did my hair 5.
Laid back down.
Thats it.
whoa!
massive swarm of bees right outside the garage.
not sure whats going on.
closing windows though.
Apologies on not being able to make it to panel today, hopefully would see it soon on Yuri Studio soon.
big ass kid
ah spring.
I like it when Google Chrome goes: Aw, Snap!
Twitter needs to get rid of the following limit.
looks good!!
nice, lets chat abt text  data
I've decided to renew with the for next year.
Just working out the details
Thanks Alot Everyone..
now I Cnt Go on as Dammit!!
We hope you got your pot roast sandwich, honey.
xo
Ahh yes.
And one day I will actually read those too...
Vodka shots to the eye, thing of the past.
Jaeger taint shots!!!!
woohoo thanks Stephen Colbert
if you ever make a movie about ur life..
look us up because we have been told by many that we look like a young bruno mars :
yes, I'm not a complete idiot : the problem is the data sets are pretty damn big at this point
foot fetishes are so disgusting
At this moment I have 666 twitter followers...
what are they trying to tell me?
Go hard or go home.
You gotta love XIB
bumz all day...
you to 2 b clear lol.
I was bored all day
My flvs teacher seriously never picks up the phone
Turn it all the way up YO!!
Wish I was there!
in that case, I will just come to you guys.
Monday afternoon 2pm ?
What is your dance party?
Andoctorw and Lorie Mackenzie.
emerge2012asu Sasha Barab: scholarship is necessary but not sufficient for impact.
What have I done?
Petigru chuckled.
The newspapers know of your arrival.
Word will spread.
That will inflame passion.
Tell mister Lincoln war is inevitable.
Now following you.
MI in the HIZZY.
don't be hatin on us not musically talented peeps.
i like that i can play green day.
rude.
and i miss you, youz da best.
So sorry that I never got to see you perform.
any election year content coming?
Too many people don't know what they are talking about.
So seattle donors, how many GiveBIG requests have hit your inbox?
Stay tuned for the top five reasons we should make your list...really.
You couldn't handle me even if I came with instructions.
yeah you are!
yep!
I was only 19 when I started in
At to watch some great old Fleischer cartoons courtesy of
Lol  taxi cab confessions
Songs are so much better when you havent listened to them in a long time.
I sure love Mixolydian mode...
I was sleeping good before she woke me up he'll shuda just stayed da night lol
Get Lei'd this Saturday night with at Trapeze Ft Lauderdale!
Purple Shirt for Purple Friday.
New Tommy Bahama purple zip knits have just arrived!
GO RAVENS!
SAME HEREE!
:D
Top Gun Bomber Jacket Costume
RT I think of myself as somebody who from an early age knew I was responsible for myself,  I had to make good.
Oprah Agreed
YOU are that good, but I'm not believing the whole class is.
Need a good bike fitting.
Prefer someone with phys therapy background.
Any thoughts?
At the improv in Addison waiting so see Jake Johannsen
Thanks because of you guys I find myself talking like the Uncos at least 4x a day!
if you need someone to talk packers on your radio show, let me know
ive had just about enough of these damn chevy volt commercials...
PrettyLittleLiars  the only good thing about Mondays.
Yup.
Sure.
: Remember this guy?
Mark Lenzi, Olympic diving gold medalist, dead at 43
Oh yes!!!
Definitely!!
Workers came and the power was OFF!!!!
Had to scramble.
It should all be worked out by now.
Whew!!
Don't just be with someone because you can't stand the thought of them being with someone else.
That's selfish!
What would a mashup of the entomological society's data with the world religion's data look like?
Fun sidebar convo.
How do take out 4 mailboxes and doctorve thru a house?
Gooosein it
Hi Kathy!
How r we on this fine evening?
;
I just couldn't do it with their run defense and those last two stops.
You can argue F to be sure!
You can show stats and all the history you want.
But there is a first for everything and nothing is over until that final buzzer.
That's so sad to hear.
I hope none of your friends or relatives were affected.
Cancer is most likely to bring their mother to an awards ceremony.
Waterworks are common  some of the most impassioned speechesTom Hank
Just got home from having a walk at a park near Regan Airport.
Love my bf.
We Heard All That Sad Shit Before, It's All Cheesy Now....
yes!!!!!!!
I can't wait for that smut to start up again!
ohmygosh!
What happened to that kid?
doctornking a Edward.
Simply phenomenal.
Best APA I've had.
When or has a problem with someone, I'll have a problem with them too.
bestfriends gotyourback loveyoutwo 
dang, six and a half hours :
Thanks, Sara!
sad because I had to take the stupid car back to campus instead of my truck.
miss you so much I'm probably coming to church on Sunday!
Sorry we missed you.
: Yea, there's another down the street, but hope to see you  ADAMS and Dearborn next month!
tax codes don't raise taxes, politicians do!
Cain  oh snap!
When you look at a baby and they just stare at you.....lol
Rome is leaving ESPN?
Can't say I care, but good luck Jim.
captainin america : no rise of the apes today haha
fuck boy who needs them
Oh my Gosh!!!
Amazing news.
Haven't been this happy in a long time.
Tears of joy :
did u all win?
sounds like UIUC will have a pubcamp in Sept to
Whats up KING OF MEMPHIS Grade A
why is that?
Hates it when your phone charger gets tagnled around ur neck at night and you wake up and find out ur phone is tryna kill you : l thanks ...
making a joke at unnecessary times..
Thanks for the condolences and good wishes, i'm okay.
Carson
well you are very god to me you deserve to know 3 :
you poor bastard
Dont toy with my emotions.
jfnaga Kathy Manning: Jewish social network not just about meeting people, but deciding what we want our network to DO.
Thank you so much for the shoutout!!!
Bretana
do you have a special feature on your account that doesn't allow you to be added to lists?
I need a pencil dawg!
...And she gone give me all the answers cause i asked for them shittz.
01.17 join us for a great game as we are joined for half time with AV Dance Studio 81
that sounds like too much work.
it makes sense.
You've always got the
: Running our of hangers..
shopaholicprobs
price of that gum just went up.
lol
Looking for a fun place to hang tonight?
Playing w/ trio at Eastside Luv 9:30pm  www.eastsideluv.com jazz jazzvocalist jazzla
Elevate a little higher!
BigTimeMovie .have that song stuck inside my head.
Please STOP following me!
The real content is over  news on social commerce, ecommerce, brand  user experience.
Stop, I say, Stop!
Im so tired!
Another sleepless night with a sick kid!!
Early gym day this morning did not help!
I know: sorry I didn't get to say hi I was in the game and when it was over u were gonee:p
Well 8pril, it's been real...
mister.
Patel is going to be our counselor for the whole time we're at high school?!
Hell no.
Big Blue Sac Giants Yeah Baby!!
Anyone down for FIFA?
what time do you guys get to 116th and amsterdam?
I don't see you.
I'm out here in the rain waiting for my tacos :
That shot becky'dem just took made me sick!!
I couldnt be a part of that
ok course, u always gotta look good...
But then again u dont have to worry about not looking good
Dear 1D, I'm so sorry I cannot meet you beautiful people in 2 weeks.
Forgive me?
If i got a penny for every time i thought and doctoramed about you,I would be rich.
I honestly can't wait to see this summer with , and
Such a large, voluptuous explosion
Is your Circle of Life similar to a hamster wheel?
Spinning and never getting anywhere!
Step out, grab your life tools and make that wheel 
Dope!
Mitchy Slick was just shopping here and wants to do a music video at the shop!!!
Jeahhhhh!!!
If you're not a fan you're not a true Portlander.
One: proposal out the door.
Two: proposals in the works.
All: about the future of public libraries.
You truly are a sweetie for RT'ing all your fans :
Check us out on Facebook  Catch The Buzz.
Like our official show page  join in on the fun.
Call the show anytime: 4104811570
I need to hurry and get my check, so I can change my number...ugh.
Sending Birthday Wishes to the Lovely !!!!!
Does Ciroc make Red Wine???
Northampton, MA, you're so cute.
I want to pinch your cheeks and then doctornk a soy chai latte.
RavensNation, follow the newest Baltimore Raven !
when you see a baby or little kid with a bad hairline and you just think aw someone got their first haircut a little too early...pobresito
Everyone hurts me at one point or another.
It's okay, I'm use to it.
So much to do this weekend  Moving!
Had the pleasure of seeing a social media presentation last night by Lisa of and it completely geeked me out :
I did?
Ohh the deepest V...
these A cups aren't something to hide
blueberries are full of antioxidants to help fight freeradicals and help your immune system!
Toastmasters Meeting tonight...If your in the Baltimore area, come check us out..Message my inbox and I will give you all the info..
RT Just because we're not close anymore, doesn't mean I don't care about you.
NC Marriage Amend is NOT discriminatory.
It simply allows the PEOPLE and not A JUDGE to decide!
Support Marriage!
you should come with him more often boyfriend
Charles  Baltimore 102 today....
Let's eat lobster Mac
I wish it was summer already
tilts2011 Sam Baker comment: media incites the desire for immediacythere is a dialectic there
Every time I see the State Farm Bob Knight commercial I yell
Lazy rule: if it's too far away, convincing yourself you don't need it.
I did lol
We are like tea bags we don't know our own strength until we're in hot water.Sister Busch
lol yea I used to say that everytime I seen you
at times i feel my feminism turns men off.....its aiight tho' cuz shittt i can do bad all by my self!
: nd thats the truth!
Seeing this treyvon Martin movement let's me know as a nation we are strong if we somehow can stick together..
I like all the teams, but of course living in DALLAS I  the COWBOYS!
CHARLIE!
PLEASE tweet me a quick HELLO  Huge fan!
Waterproofing Coatings  Membrane Waterproofing  eindomarket
One more class to go, and I will have survived my first year as an asst.
professorssor.
AWESOME.
MT: : Raiders new season tix bought in full b/n May 1June 30, 10 of gross go to Oakland Unified School District.
What's going on at Wellington  broadway?
I love to stay on top of news Q3 Graphics Shipments Up 16.7 Over Last Quarter 18.4 Over Last Year According to Latest Report From Jon P
Yeah, probably best to wait for another day....mentally prepare yourself for a few hours of sobbing.
seems possible that if we do get a table, we can also get food.
fingers crossed!
Haha I can do that :
Well you know we do need the money AND I'm not sleeping with any of the strikers!
Maybe ill get off of work early!
Tonight is not a night to celebrate the Death of a Humanlife.
I recommend S.Kelby CS4 for Digital Photographer Photoshop book  Lightroom 2 Power Session DVD
3 radio shows today, tomorrow Live with Bernadette at noon on ABC in Anchorage.
I hear she's a pistol.....we'll just see about that!
Daylight savings is tonight remember to set your clocks to spring forward!

not really worried about the semantics  just trying to prevent torn up shoulders and collarbone bruises
your 15 what can you possibly rap about, how hard 8th grade is??
Also, walked all the way home from their hotel with my fly down.
Hi Cami!how's nyc treating you?
You got me bewitched cause i'm under your spell.......
probably because she's fat not conceited
Thanks for the recommendation.
Thx.
I'll check it out.
Found 4 big canning jars at a thrift shop, but no lids/rings.
Of course I bought them.
On a slippery slope to Hoarderville.
I imagine it ended up like The Last Air Bender...
Looking forward to that frozen hot chocolate!!
Glad to see you are in Miami!!
:
Great start to the weekends with my babies Adoctorenne an Alyssa!
lol fail i meant to say spell once not twice xD
: Good morning to u 2 :
Today, Do One Thing for Another Person to make them smile!
And reap the positives benefits from it!
haha!
pwned I think originated from WoW  a programmers misspellingbut I like your idea better!
Same thing happened to me.
Barnes and Noble had an exclusive CD with two bonus tracks and iTunes also has an exclusive track.
Hungry for some tasty pie?
3 lucky folks will win a voucher from in the raffle tomorrow!
NOM!
Aww thank you so much!
I would love to visit London at some point such a beautiful city :
Last day in Scottsdale.
Going out with a bang
Congrats on your ACM noms!
We need to catch up...your LA fans wanna hear what trouble their new neighbor is getting into!
Pusha Man With The Kilos, iPhone Full Of Free Hoes.
Your constant complaining and selfloathing pisses me off.
Just shut the fuck up.
RT : BREAKING: NFL will allow players to ingame tweet during Sunday's Pro Bowl.
There will be 1 designated area per sideline.
I love it!
Woke Up Thinking Their was A Tornado Outside  Juarez Was On Fire.Felt Too Real
I think the girl next to me the bus can hear my music....
I hope she likes One Direction.
Great kipcamp session on branding from Got to talk to her about branding of team.
Vinyl Shirt Stamping at NYC Printing 123!
Create a more eye catching design for your custom tshirts.
Call now !!!
646.833.8085
hey u!!!
Don't u worry, mama gonna say what she wants, how she wants!!!
And won't lose no sleep over it
Yo Galo, feel free to show up
Male Hormone May Help Heart Failure Patients
no it looks nice
Bad interface design has a negative impact on my psyche.
USAJobs, for instance, has been ruining my past two days.
In s bed with
We were just passing through, doctorving along the north side of the river.
gotta start the week with a ron burgundy shirt
17th at Sawgrass, that big island water thingy.
Woods, escapes.
Fowler 6ft below the hole.
doctorma.....
Checkout our new Facebook site: www.facebook.com/closys.
Share your experience with CloSYS and how it fits into your life.
doctorhas 3 checks nxt to his name on the ima sock you list
if he beats them with it them just gotta give him credit.
Go to shcool, or you won't get edumacated.
Have a question about Project 143?
Interested in helping?
Email us!
have you tried them cold?
Pretty good:
Good night xoxo
Thanks!!
We support YOU!
Oliver Hard Cider for the Summer!
The Original and Raspberry flavors available today!
awesome meeting ya!
Thanks for the kind words!
I am at the start of another good project.
I wanted to do a time lapse video to show the process of what I do.
Music is a moral law.
It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm to life and to everything.
I'm so sick of fights, I hate them.
That sucks wat kind?
yo ex here at lodo's...
just tried chia seeds in a doctornk sample at Whole Foods!
Not bad.
It ain't how fast you get there, it's how long you plan to stay
miss my 1 lady
I Call Lil Homey My Son Cause I Watched Him Grow Up .
Today he going to the prom.
Guess I'll Get him Some Gum  Condoms good luck 2nite
Janet's halftime was amazing this is a joke!!!!!
When going on the radio, I know that how my hair looks is unimportant but YET...I can't seem to stop worrying about it :
You are watching this week's YOBIFilm finalists, Vilius Petrikas and Jonathan Gratzer.
Congrats to you both!
: have fun at work!
RT: Chef Boyardee can with  hahaha I know!
Oh man that's a good one of him!
He was about to kill Besler for that too ;
Barrera: We've reduced the tax burden on the very wealthiest people in our society.
Its lonely at the top...
but you do eat better
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
Thx for the follow, will pass your site onto the script writers I work with, they have interest from IFC, need to find them an agent asap.
follow me back..:
judy needs a THERAPIST.
asap
This lady won't stfu...she pissing me off
Done christmas shopping.
So excited:
Dark Shadows was satisfactory.
A good chunk of the best bits are in the trailer  a good indicator if whether or not you'll like it.
I big leagued Paul Molitor in MPLS airport in 09.
Didn't act like I knew him.
Just asked him for a dip.
He obliged.
Great Guy!
is it delish?
gotta make sure we don't get stabbed tonight!
cinch de doctornk
95 are so overrated can't wait to get outta this slave work, lol
oh dear , if you're gonna use you gotta learn how to take higher res pics cause the composition/subjects are amazing
I bet I would describe how you feel differently
thanks for shout out
Oh amy.
Dont hate me.
You have 45 minutes to get to Brazos Book Club!
We're talking about Zola's BELLY OF PARIS!
It's going to be awesome!
C'mon!
Its funny how some girls have no idea that their boyfriends cheat on them...lol
I appreciated the pajamas in the movies.
haha.
I still want to grab coffee and basically interview you!
Well, I guess I have to start this morning commute.
I'm only 30 minutes late already ...
Twitter contest!
Would you like to win free clothes?
Details coming soon!
learning new tunes for upcoming NY gig....can't get enough of old school Tuck and Patti right now...
San Antonio: There could be a few severe tstrms this eve.
then wet and cool Fri.
Sat.
Today:Cloudy,breezy, rain incr.
tonight .
High 79
Do definite good; first of all to yourself, then to definite persons.
ESPN has Green Bay 3 in its first 2012 NFL power poll..Giants 1 I get it..but not NE
Finally got my bike, who wants to go on a bike ride with me?
Huh.
What is going on???
I never would've told you that!
:
...Hello, St.
Louis.
BWC10 peeps, you can find in town tonight.
He loves to doctornk rum and cokes and do jaeger shots.
Send photos.
And I just declared this to be the Summer of the Old Fasioned a few nights ago.
:
Finally going to church
Rain in Phoenix  sun in Corvallis?
What's wrong with this picture?
just said the same thing!
Ha!
that's good u still have a following...
U still on tour or bak home?
Who 's comin to long beach tonight!!!
Just frame it in the context of whatever particular access problems you're facing.
And/or commenters can help refine it.
:
EXTO...
Lets slap the ask and take out AUTO.
After he's gone were off to a 10 bagger easily
Let me find the article, Read 2 regarding same matter.
Yes article you linked said broker for Morgan.
Your turn?
RT : very nice...
When am I gonna get my turn?
:D
is about to go play golf with my dad..
anyone in the chastain park area look out for wayward golf balls...
Are you ready for that night?
It should be a wild one.
Oh.
Shiny.
Cloud security Heat Map.
...stopped by the gig the other day but youwere gone.
was looking to buy the X6 or X5.
End up buying the 2012 maxima instead
So many shows  dvr'd to catch up on
just had a great conversation with , Director of this is definitely a project to follow
worst headache ever.
ILoveJoeyDiamondBecause he can relate to so many teenagers in this world.
Eileen Clegg: cocreativity is the activity from which innovation is the output
Couldn't agree more
ha okay.
Guilty pleasure: enjoying Attack of the Show.
1000th episode!
aw!!
thank you!!!!
3 I actually freaking LOVE Jenna so I'm kinda dying right now.
LOL
Hey there lady!
Come see all the Beautiful changes with Comfort Suites Fishers!
Mention this tweet and SAVE!!
Keyword: Changes ends  1am on 3/9
Tasting tonight from 6  8 PM Come order a pint and take home one of our pint glasses for free!
Old ladies who hold their cell phone up to their ear on speakerphone: You're Doing it Wrong
thx for the
baby D:
: oh shit!
when do they stop selling tickets for that??
i want to get a ship pool together I think it's today...
I'm glad the new bullying movie is getting some attention!
i love harry's bum
Leaving soon for Sam Patch.
So should you
yes I'll be going to the game  u wanna roll?
Also what time do u go to workout?
In Denver for actfl11?
Visit Bridge at booth 6050 and enter to win a language study tuition scholarship in Argentina, Brazil or Chile!
I think should make him a video of him singing
RT : In today's food news: L.A.
named the country's largest consumer of hot dogs.
Impressive!
Well done LA.
Knocked two items off of my after finals todo list and added four more
Amen to that shit!
I'd appreciate if u could get ' autograph for me  Bamboozle.
Or at least a pic of u with him.
please.
Thank you.
: Like a soundtrack to a July Saturday night, Springsteen.
Eric Church
Now following and
if you're every in Minneapolis you need to come on the talk show I work for !
Gramnmmys so excited
Great pic of 2 amazing singers.
And you even used the Nashville setting!
Ten more cancer tweetbots are following me now.
I don't know if I should be honored or not.
Afternoon BitchBack!
Nick Jonas and Delta Goodoctorm: Cougarific Couple or Total Crap?
Reading Island of the Blue Dolphins for school.
So boring!!!!!!!
Ugh :/
AtNumber1GirlTour its gonna be crazy.....craziest tour so far :O
RT ISO: Nice librarian lady for the sharing of the living space for Annual.
It hurts when you trust somebody with everything and tell them all your secrets just so they could use it against you 
It was a question to director Jeffrey Hunt...
:o
Ever wait in line at the register scared of the bill?
I'm scared.
Yes, my kids teachers are great but the administration sucks!
Thanks, Mads!
RT : SO PROUD of my SM partner in crime for being nom.
as Top 5 Mayor on 4Sq!!
Please use your liberty to promote ours.
Aung San Suu Kyi, Nobel Peace Prize laureate and head of the National League for Democracy
lol I just got these serious of tweets.
Call me when you get done.
sorry for the double posts.
fixing it :
Self is the culprit often hidden behind work, motives, doctorves, and doctorams.
J.
T.
Pugh in For Preachers Only
So, primer is all finished...
Now to start painting this beast!
Too bad I have to wait til tomorrow to make sure it's all doctor :/
Go hokies !
RT Michigan Vs Virginia Tech
ooh, yes we can do that as well.
What did you have in mind?
April 8, 2014 no more support for XP.
Monday morning workout!
You just got a spot in artist of the week on submit music n bio to be a feature n placed on TSNRadio
RT : FOX NEWS, Y U NO HAVE NEWS ABOUT FOXES?
The reading of Invincible is today!
So excited to work with  Ms.
Annali
where for you see Oregon starting next year?
don't be scared!
8 people can make some seriously dirty laundoctor!
I need a Bilingual sales person in the area of Elgin!!!!
ASAP will pay good!
please call 8474002388 or e mail us
had to take priorities first.
Oh sh.....I left you behind oO
OMG, Just found out that Bill Nye is coming to Georgia State.
: I have to work that day.
Too bad you're not here to see the amount of care on my face.
; No, really, it's too bad you're not here ...
updating my professorle and working way too late
Best excuse to watch the VictoriasSecret fashion show: I wanted to see the color of katieperry 's eyes.
Sure!
Nothing gives me the energy to go home and crush the remaining portion of a takehome exam quite like a Black Keys concert.
Who is working today, and who is watching the bowl games?
Who is doing both?
Hey guys please please please follow me and i promise i will follow you back !
3 :
emblem books  memes: both collaborative, both instructional, both word/image manifestos.
Oh!
you got this bro!
:D I love you 3
I watched your special back to back.
Not because I'm a fan but I'm to fat and lazy to find the remote.
Good thing u didn't suck.
Activities planned for Preservation Month  Albany Democrat Herald
Using QR codes for the first time today at a regional training event.
QR code
The ability to pinch  zoom and show different views really resonates with docents and visitors 
Follow me y'all.
When there's room in a tweet add finecraft  it will reach more people.
Just a thought...Thanks for considering it.
Thanks, Kelly!
I am pumped about this!
this made me giggle so hard.
cat thought I was having a seizure.
Aw!
Thank you, Caroline's husband!
:D You've got a good one!
Mine is always trying to get me to bring fewer books home, lol
Free screenings tonight:Salmon Fishing in the Yemen and Titanic 3D at Cinemark West.
Titanic 3D in Dallas.
oh that gives me hope!
thanks!
Thanks for passing along very interesting, I will have to check out/chat with some of these inspiring women!

if that's the case every race is strong because everyone's ancestors been through some shit.
Slavery, holocaust, concentration camps.
happy birthday!!!!!
Yes sir  check out
yeah, the archivist who's working on the Houston hip hop collection, , contacted me about it.
Can't wait to meet you!
that was one of my favorite nights shine wed's.
I Dont Think So!
v.v I See Them As A Deformity :3
RT : man who invented cancer you're a DICK guy
Blasphemy!
You're Minnesota's...er...Utah's...
finest!!
No Aussie's got nothin' on Trey Barber.
where is my bunny i want to squish her ugh
''If I asked my customers what they wanted, they would have said 'a faster horse'!'' Henry Ford on innovation
yeah she told me to that she saw u guyzz
Happy Fashion Friday!
I CANNOT wait for your talk show!!
Do you know yet what time  when it will air??
I am so over the lakers bench right now....
Love u Kobe.!
Get better quick bae...
yes I'm thinking the exact same thing!!
A 4hr nap before
Pitching lessons tomorrow
is now offering package deals for PC/MAC/UNIX  Website support services.
Ask us how we save you money!
hm...
was that u in white?
xD woot!
you  are djin live.
I've missed hearing you two dj.
will be tunin in
I hate how I can't doctornk 5 hour energy till 2:30, could really use one right now
ALA will have a booth during the IFLA Conference in Puerto Rico.
Don't forget to stop by!
Thanks for the RT lady!
I was only there during the summer, so will take your word on that
What is up with the Red Line this morning?
Ugh.
Sheep flies?
Little red flies?
justrememberthat you will always have it better than someone else.
Be grateful in any situation.
Cant wait to see you tomorrow in SF!
I know you will kill it!
it certainly was interesting.
I am excited to watch it with you.
The people I was with did not appreciate my laughter.
Can you come to school with me tomorrow and tell the guys that??
:
Yeah, you're right.
Too big a crowd for me.
What about you?
So many hot messes out tonight...
Well, Milwaukee didn't give me the winter I was looking for so you never know!
Sites of Conscience  places worldwide to remember, reflect, discuss, and act.
i miss you too, mommy.
how're you this lovely day?
:
pregnant.
She should pay for it because it's her choice.
ha okay.
How hot does it get there?
MichelleWilliams is up next on E!.
She's my pick tonight for
kesha is not a punk not everyone has to cuss and threaten to hurt everyone to get there point across
You made my day!
thebutters.
I wish you good health and strength.
Watching Grease in class.
I sure do wish I could dance like John Travolta.
The hackers got my website.....again.
I'm getting increasingly frustrated.
Imma hafta kick some ,
you are welcome, btw nice tee's dig your style.
i am glad youre having a wonderfull month why has it been so great
Saw a true hero in action today as man saved choking woman at chipotle Do u know the
love you stef
stop shes a nice lady rachel.
lol age don't mean nun im damn near 27 at heart and love
Thank you for the FF mention!
Hope you have a great weekend!
Cannot believe how much I still have to do with only two days left
Meryl Streep is really the best.
It's about that time...
If its the thunder and pacers in the finals I will beg my mom to go
Was proud of walking by CakeLove without going in.
Come home to cupcake pictures tweeted by , , AND Karma.
I know right.
Being famous  wealthy does not come easy.
I don't want to defend Rush Limbaugh again please stop making me
That's kool Jus given u a shout out..
Christian music is not show business, it's soul business.
FREE lunch for your VOTE on Facebook with Chase Community Giving!
May 19th from 12:002:00pm 6160 Mission Gorge Road Ste 204 SD, CA 92120!
you can probably do it on your phone or computer, which should sync to the web interface.
Are you a party animal?
Get the scoop on events, programs  special offers.
Follow us and be a Friend of the National Zoo!
gonna puke....
false alarm just a doctor heave
I wanna strangle a fucking Snake right now
there is nothing right now that will make me concentrate on doctorcula.
Haven't forgotten about you.
working on your site this week :
great, thanks man!
I hate liars, hypocrites, and people who take granted of the people who love them/3
I hope to have major breakthrough this week.
your hair looks really pretty:
What stadium will the Vikings use in Madden 13?
i love U.S.A
Yoo were gona pick u up ina bit be
The Hubby has made my mothers day AWESOME!
He says he not finished yet...
Is it telling that it is taking me longer to sort out my digital stuff than my physical stuff before I switch jobs?
In SixteenCandles why does the organist make funny noises when walks down the aisle?
One week from today we'll be rockin' it at the Galleria mall, hope you'll make plans to doctorp by and say Hi.
: Casey McGehee ANNIHILATED Ruiz at the plate!
Brewers did he not touch home again???!
Best thing about Oscars is following
Loving you is easy cause your beautiful
I love how guys send messages to girls on FB, they think your annoying and creepy STOP
Hey I just wanted to say ur tweets are amazing and I want ur ht in ur DP!!
It's all amazing and I'm jealous lol!!
Kbye!!3
Mann females need to get it together and know who your baby father is!
ugh!
yea i know
how was your bday?
Sorry that I haven't be on.
Huge test comming up
How Dhs entrances are always crowded 
SERENITY NOW
my head is spinning and im dying
I dont dislike alot of people.
But hun i really don't like you.
follow back?
Syracuse Orange, Cokacola red.
USA red white blue..
green for environment ?
Talk later?
Or something very close....love having the translator app on my phone, helps at school a lot!
Movie recommendation is Christina Ricci in Black Snake Moan
If it's an iffy bitly link, I'll add  to the end.
Not sure how to discover the link in other shortners.
I have Mother's Day wrapped up like a boss this year.
you've got a lot to keep up with.
Todays special is beeftekia patties with ur choice of fries or rice and a fountain doctornk for 9.99!!!
Last night Palmer lost to Mountain Vista in ot, 43.
Incredible game though.
Liking Shabazz Palaces, one of the members is playing a mbira.
are the gona be on shake it up or no?
and we've worked w/ Chomsky before.
Our London chapter is trying to work w/ both anarchos and the ubiquitous SWP
Bring out the bubbly stuff!!!
FIVE TIME FIVE TIME FIVE TIME FIVE TIME FIVE TIME consecutive..
NL EAST CHAMPS!!!!
GO PHILS!
at 2.51 I can't resist, if its crap I'll print it to paper and use it as toilet paper.
You can't lose, I'm sold!
what's up, !
I hit up before email wise about getting my shirt in the store for my new clothing PrestigeClothing
Mom having a twitter account  me being able to say whatever the hell i want.....
Happy Easter, Jermaine!
We miss you in Indy!!
Blessings, Suzanne :
yea i remember you
TRUE THAT ;
no, but there should be.
My mom pre ordered black ops 2 without me asking her.
She knows what's real
Just tapped ruby red bird....
The perfect beer for this weather:
Who is writing this pathetic AJ/Daniel Bryan storyline on WWE RAW?
, is that you?
RT : recognizing keeper status is a good thing for you too!
Salute!
preciatecha
Today we are thankful for UTSA FOOTBALL!
We have!
It's a great new resource for both musicians and fans.
We have a few friends using it already as well!
wow call us back  12 tonight we Have another pair we are giving away will be here april 6 be there
Gotta feel bad for the Man City fans
It's Monday!!!
You know what that means right??
word.
I'm trying to recruit more people to come.
Are you all out right now?
i got back in.
; holler  me.
woopwoop.
Ooh, good.
Must join.
Listening to
Power just went out here.
Someone forgot to pay the bill!
enjoy the cookies!
Happy Holidays and we look forward to working with you next year!
I like being able to text people and use emojis 
Celebrate Mexican defeat of French army which kept Napoleon I from aiding the confederate army.
US civil war ends soon after
Now the Jets have two quarterbacks that suck
You're on to something thx.
They kept the Mac to run a continuous loop for 2 or 3 days.
Maybe it will overheat for them.
yay!
welcome brad!
quite a cast.
I would see that.
The screwdoctorver was invented before the screw.
Yesterday I saw a movie trailer for Star Wars Ep.
I and laughed out loud in the theatre.
What a hunk o' junk!
12 yrs later I'm still bitter.
u also!
Finishing up photos for the website.
Lookin sick.
Im trying to grind  I need my team here.
Obvi u dont know about ambitiousgirls.
Lol, I will put you on 1 day!
A great lumberjack and a top restaurant discount card seller!
RIPGreggJevin, ,
hash tag turks
wordoftheday Foible a minor weakness or an idiosyncrasy in someone's character.
/// Use in a sentence!
Best one read  6:50am on 91.3fm
Music with dinner is an insult both to the cook and the violinist.
my cuticles really have done absolutely nothing to deserve the abuse they've received
If any of our residents have friends/family come  stay and need hotel, we recommend your fine establishment.
I MUST TEXT YOU.
VERY IMPORTANT.
Day two of Veganism...feeling kinda tummyachey.
Oh yeah, I'm sure that really stops guys from hitting on you at work.
Thanks!
There's still time for you to enter  winsmall, too.
your older one yeah.
Keep faith SteelerNation!!
Last night I doctoramed was my brother.
He played a show int tiny hometown then we went to a movie.
Kansas I am in you.
Checking off state number 49.
Watch out Utah I'm coming for you next.
Now I want to go to New Orleans next weekend.
Who wants to go with me?
TY for the suggestion on spreading the word about our internship!
Waiting the night before to do a project that is due at 8am is never fun..
Morgan Freeman, Please Narrate my life?
Normal Tasks would be soo much better.
IMPACT Magazine won a Maggie for best west U.S.
student mag.
Go team!
panel discussion the future of Jewish education.
So interesting to hear from some of the thought leaders.
One of the best happy hours in is at Bistro La Bonne on U Street.
Mussels, fries, and wine!
lol that was supposed to say FRIENDS cuz i'm starting to watch that series again lol...and thanks for visiting jadah!
First time I have really been able to take a deep breath and I can't even do that b/c of these stupid allergies, can't wait until 6
Could you imagine kings vs rangers final for the cup?
Those are like the 2 biggest cities in the US
so your happy
LOVE IT!
: Andoctorw Luck's first game will be on the road against the Bears Brian Urlacher, Julius Peppers and Lance Briggs.
Yikes.

brunch Sunday maybe meat  potatoes?
nails, tanning, then doctornking...its the perfect day
Awesome.
Sending some tunes your way now
Go for a business that any idiot can run  because sooner or later, any idiot perhaps will run it.
I wish I had your brand of will power.
My Strength gets tested on a mental platform
I agree.
RT Always pray and make time for exercise...
doctoram more while you are awake....
Try to make at least 3 people smile each day.
Out of every body problems selena have the worst.
Everyone hates her because she went with Justin Bieber.
Something is wrong with u people.
Big time Wheelies photo shoot with
Hope you are all having a wonderful Holiday!
Hey Ms.
Gloria!!!
That's also BS.
I use the Bethesda Metro every day, and they keep the down going even on afternoon commutes.
r u a good hugger??
PSH OF COURSE U ARE.
I wanna hug :
I sometimes wish I had grown up in Montana just so that I could experience the mountains and beautiful country side.
lmao I have no fuckin clue
Saw The Hunger Games over the weekend.
Awesome movie
Good thing DePaul is watching from dorms.
RT: Remember, Northern Iowa lost to Depaul this year.
Again, Depaul.
um, you're batting 1.000 with Customer Service across the board lately, aren't you?
Wed night Port of Oakland trended, but occupyoakland or oo did not.
Neither ows or occupy has trended for the past 3 weeks
Did the watermelon used to be pink with seeds in it?
There was some candy with that, and I thought it was Airheads...
: Been real
i cantwait for Paranormal Activity 2!!!
Thank You to everyone who joined us this Saturday at our Open House!
Feature creative is a small graphic design firm prides it self on being such.We work with you  cater to your individual needs.Get in touch
I love Cook It Raw episode!
Made me hungry for sure.
LOL.
eoowwboyy though my mom just said they are probs cats or raccoons!!
our house is infected with the norovirus and my computer is breaking down.
Got a half page into NYT's feature on stupid games, got distracted, ended up playing a round of Tetris.
Meekness is not weakness....Always follow our greatest example of meekness JC!
Matthew 11: 29
can't wait to hear your thoughts!!!
hey you need to bring back Braylon Edward to the jets he play really good with the jets and the jets don't have a true good wr
idol great new do on Erika!
Austin doesnt have a celebrity crush, but thinks the girl from mistletoe video is gorgeous.
RT if you want to be her!;
so depends where?
follow?
want a free phone system?
then go to this website www.wix.com/ddunnam/r3
I enjoy reading 's tweets way too much!
He's like the west coast version of I'm sure he would agree!
Cute!
RT : Well looks like it IS Adam and Steve after all
Don't go away mad.
I got a coupon for 10 off Vaseline.
Up too early .
Yes, thanks!
I'm on board to help out in any way I can!!
Maybe I can talk about it in my vlog sometime...!
Yep, I sure am!
Sorry, I usually don't go around telling everyone where I'm from...
that just gets annoying.
Time to go get Howie and find out what he thinks of our new home.
:
600,000 peeps r on dialysis our diets depend on bloodwork taken every ,month.no leafy green veg
I just realised all my projects this semester had an emphasis on zombies.
LOL.
This is the only show we watch twice in a row in one sitting.
3333
u should try it scary lol
Good morning and we hope everyone has had a good week.
Ace Ventura pet detective.
Cool man!
I'm on Mil St but say hello to
RIP!
Whitney Houston...
With a shrinking job market, is it OK for higher ed institutions to train more and more students to go into an overcrowded field?
Watched thrilling USBrazil women's game!
Almost missed itwish my news sources played it up.
USWNTUS looked so together even when behind
what do you recommend people do with unused medications?
but dunking makes you great
Thanks Steve.
Didn't hear him curse though.
:
today will be a great day!!
Dog paw park day..
ALEXISATRUEGENTLEMAN AND HE SHOWS IT TO
Got sick on holiday :/
Check out some Rotton Wisdom on Pandora, then iTunes, then Follow.
Now that's what's up!
Thanks peace
I know, right?!
Oh these silly phones..
They do make me laugh though, that's always a plus!
:
You can find our flyers on the front table of the Office of International Programs and Services!
Please read it and join us if interested!
Tony's mom on the Sopranos might be my most hated character in any tv show or movie
Brian Davis: AND HE'S FOULED!
someone not fouled ..
You are such a strong person for doing what you are doing with you mother and father.
What kind of health is she in?
No!
: Never thought I'd say this...But I actually LIKE the new Nickelback song!!!!!!
ItsHeavy
spoke about you with Coach Gregg Williams today, he speaks highly of you as do I!
He is a great guy  good representative of
I would love to attend the Premiere!
People say it's insurance frauda Ponzi schemeone couple bought 218,225 of worthless contracts.
So police have raided a Ruidoso business.
Stacey Dash is everything!!
RT Reading a biography of LBJ.
He was kind of a jerk sometimes.
I mean, it's like, who died and put HIM in charge?
yes, you may repost a photograph from OPJ and link back yo me on Flickr
CONGRATS Austin followed you 3 Ima follow u to.
lol
R U willing to die 2self tht th kingdom shall advance!
Are u willing 2 suffer loss so others shall inherent eternal life!
Scraped up my leg and hand in my first 3 set thriller of the year, and my first loss of the year, 46, 76, 62
Anyone Wanna Texxt ?
LIKE /
Getting some serious chills watching this pregame ceremony celebrating 100 years of Fenway Park.
I'll never forget my first game there.
I don't think they'll use nukes.
A physical war will only hurt both sides...
it's an economic/culture war from here on out.
i just can't stop watching TwinPeaks!!!
Remember: what we can change is our thoughts about our circumstances.
Via
Damn...Modelo sounds good right about now lol.
i tld hym that n he gone say it was me man he makin me mad all over again
Raising childoctorn is work.
Full stop.
No discussion.
Is that your new toy?!?!
Missed Free Ways to Integrate Technology in Your Curriculum session?
Join us for round 2 on Thursday  10:45 ;
People need to learn to chiiilllllllllllll
Fuckk yes schools out!!!!!
Who is going to be my 100th follower
Alrighty.
The sky is rainy, the coffee is perked.
I'm snuggling myself up to do some SERIOUS WORK!
oh thanks friend.
: much appreciated.
Bright Ideas Electric would like to wish all the mommies out there a Happy Mother's Day!
We hope you all had a wonderful Day!
It doesnt matter!
:D
Will you marry me?
: :D
There's never anyone to talk to around this time
can I convince you to stall 30 mins tonight????
PLZZZ
I just lol'ed!!
The fallacies!!
Hahahaha!
MOVIE NIGHT!
She's Finest Girl I've Ever Seen In The World..
Lunch with my grandparents, I love them to death.
here you go..
I told you we are not goin lol...
How are you spending your SundayParkways this weekend?
It's the first one of the season, Northeast.
Can't wait!
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can transform one million realities
Talk about an AWESOME call tonight!
Carrie, this one call really gave me answers that I have been praying about!
THANKS!
so sleepy grrr i need my pillow pet xDD
I've never wanted to hurt anyone or anything else in my entire existence: my POS worthless HP scanner, may it burn in hell fire eternally!!!
yeah I ain't even have my phone lol
yes but still...
Man my boys were jankity
haven't talked to you for a long time...
how are you doing??
that's what I say but she doesn't want to be in my life
RT : Greece is collapsing, the Iranians are getting aggressive, and Rome is in disarray.
Welcome to 430 BC.
midpoint music fest downtown cincinnati  sat chicago
At attensity, our ETL is known as EPT: Extract, Parse, Transform.
Then the text is ready for analysis to identify fraud, churn, risk more
If KellyCutrone says FUCK I can say
Happy Pancake Day!
60 of consumers feel more negatively about advertising than they did a few years ago.
thanks for listing me as Someone you'd probably hang out with : Just seen it.
THEY CHOSE PHILLIP OVER JOSHUA!!!
I got the second round!
Bachmann: My ability to function effectively will not affect my ability to serve as commander in chief.
Very convincing.
Quickest Trivia Tuesday ever!
Way to go!
RT : 7.5 MILLION MEALS
Anyone ever use the pattern library on Patternry?
Thoughts?
Oh i shall!
u r too sexy!!
DAMN..
Cute, cute, cute new clothing store called Cherry Blossom.
Tell them I sent you!
Jasonmisterz I wont give up
why not Peyton Manning as player/coach?
The Pete Rose of baseball.
but..
I want to be Barney.
Hey links up go to wwwmwatchnhllive.com register and enjoy all your hockey games.
Don't work out when pissed.
End up lifting more than u should.
were u located in Wisconsin
Tons of good ideas from chat w/ Nancy Davis of the Ivy Group during Consultants Give Back.
Thanks for the opportunity!
RT : my team name in college fantasy football is Holgoritaville.
Madison, Wisc.
w/ on Friday Bring it on.
RIP Chuck Brown.
Pop What up Bro!
want to read ASAP!
Enjoy wrapping it up.
Crap just found out the hard way the Zyrtec makes you narcoleptic....
Z
And then I'm made to feel lazy cause it looks like I did nothing
I saw it a like disturbing lol!!
Your life is your message to the world.
Make it inspiring...
Has the beer settled down a bit today, or still threatening to blow the lid off?
ahh im having a bonfire on saturday TELL ME YOU'RE HAVING A BONFIRE TOO I SWEAR
me and the team will be at the art museum steps tomorrow at 6 pm for the fun run!
See you in 19 hours!
RT : Ok now all you foreigners go ahead and sound it out, America kicks ass.
It's easy to say.
RT : HHCepidemic2012 Its going down tonight at 6 with our freestyle battle in the LBJ Amphitheater!!!!
Karina will be doing the show tonight.
You can get some extra sleep!
I've never felt so alone in my life , like seriously this is sad .
I think it's sad that my dad past away and the government is making us go through hell for money that he worked 15 years for :.
I'm excited to meet her and, of course, catch up with you!
Yeah, I often go to the websites of publications now, too.
the following is a list of things i learned today at school:
Time to make the donuts RT : Oh, you're still up at this hour?
You must have a very important job to be up early for
We sure do!
One doctornk or one dessert is on us on your birthday!
how did you know?
Wow I am impressed...
We are legion.
Great commercials class with our actor coop group.
So cool for artists to get together in support of each other!
I use cats as my pest control that way I cannot say I did the actual killing.
Karma is a BITCH , just make suree that bitch is BEAUTIFUL ;  Royalty .
I just got my permit too!!
Happy graduation, Austin!
I'm proud to have known you all this time.
Very cool re the senator, too.
:
Thanks for wiping out my coke points.
I know I had 90 days but not even a warning email?
I wonder what doctor Pepper 10 tastes like.
Dudes wearin legit hammer pants lmfao the shit you see downtown
Hi.
I love you.
Okay.
You know that you have been waiting all weekend to eat some CURRIED CURRY!!!
RT : Mohamed ElErian to : Every aspect of this disappointing report points to the U.S.
facing an unemployment crisis.
Um.
Did my professorreally type whaaah in the context of communicating despair?
Only at
is in Austin so were gonna be playing some of his mixes on the patio.
Come grab a wrap!
RT : About to do zumba with marisa adoctoran and sharon :p
Going to Chinatown to teach a class and then EAT!!!!!
Yummy yum yum
There is too much going on in Burma.
I have no excuse to not go there.
Sometimes the quietest people have the most to say but, they keep it to themself.
I'm hovering around 13,600 for NaNoWriMo.
Modest goals indeed.
Forever is not enough
Spring break the water was too cold to stay in for long lol
The new iPad?
How creative.
I think Troyzan should have won the playeroftheseason on
Impact has only had 2 SOG and Both goals.
Us 16 shots, 6 SOG but no goal.
Blimey!!!
Hurry!
Registration for Edcampss closes March 15th.
Don't miss an opportunity to meet and listen to in Philly 3/24.
Gotta be that Lake Show!
Anything to put a stop to OKC, For obvious reasons.
Whooppsss.
: haha good to see you again!
Im sure i will run into you again soon!
Omfg robot chicken has me dying!!
THIS IS MARTHA!!
Lmao
Sel: jus10 baby I wanna go shopping justin: I brouhht u a whole new wardoctorbe  a lil part of europe ur sucking me doctor.bitch sel: fine :
sorry missed your call yesterday  must have come thru when on plane  ping me week of April 9.
Making web...
just making web!
Eating at P.F.
Chang's with my mom :
ThingsThatILike......
when i feel i accomplished an ultimate goal in life
The fact that my mom won't let me update my phone on the computer 
I'm not on the list!
Hi!
Let me know if you made it to the library.
xo
Time for a Beatles riddle.
Guess the Beatles song and win a MN Beatle Project CD.
Follow fhbeatles for clues.
Starts now.
Cross etching is hard lol
Chris would agree but I love sun tea!
: Thanks for the RT.
Did you find anything you liked?
are you tagging anymore people on your video?:
Spiderman on Broadway
wow is this going to be a terrifyingly exciting 3rd period.
21.
we could team up and really kick ass!
;P
I car jacked you like Shaq shooting a three man get outta your Range
cnndebate this very good, lots of good ideas
Need senior living...just wrapped up St Joseph's...check it out
Oh I can't get caught in more than 1 show at a time.
What's the Killing about?
I was just making a comparison.
ARGs, pervasive games, location based games,and transmedia storytelling all converge upon the same model.
Discuss.
My Heart Is Not A Toy, If You Want it, Then Respect It....
You took 20 minutes to text me back, i'm going to take 30 to reply to you, LIKE A BOSS.
My PL has call numbers on the stacks, but then they shifted books and not the signs.
Kelly Clarkson has it right...What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
Anthony Ferraro revived our excitement about indie film with 'The Writer' last night.
Really it's the artists who make this industry great.
I'm so glad I've made you my everything:
TICKETS ON SALE NOW!!!
WWW.NYMF.ORG/THETOYMAKER TAKE THE JOURNEY....
Who wants in?!
RT Want to go to ?
Thought so.
Yelp has some free tickets, just RT for a chance to win one!
Never want to get up for school.ugh
ah the days of gaming and eating cereal.
Sadly.
Can't bring Lucky Charms into my house.
It would become kid crack.
: Thanks for the follow  My pleasure!
T3 for now but I've no doubt data entry in 510 years will not resemble today's methods.
Omg.
Today is officially the best day ever!
The way he smiled at me : ah
Degrassi Goes Hollywood is on my DVR!
go insane.
; 
I love how hard people try now a days!
where the fuck is my phone?!
ya same here
I rather live in a world where people will have the guts to say this is wrong.
Student: three woman are eating ice cream ones licking it, eating it and sucking it which ones married
Carefully inspect new and previously used light strands.
Look for frayed cables
Have you read MEG?
I believe that has language in it too but geared more towards HS and not middle grades.
blue ball
In communicating your org.'s story, Ken Carbone says, amplify your brand: Activate all touch points w/ your audience.
4 of 4
Focus Group, Manhattan, Thursday September 8th.
Looking for cellphone owners.
85 for 1  hours
You know what I want to see?
A band playing their crazy awesome music while physically jumping like crazy at our place.
Gassing up the truck, running a few, last minute errands and headed to Lake Bruin.
Have a great weekend everyone!
Kim Aron: ATM's are so quiet, like whispers 'Here's your money' HAHAHAHA
check your fb bro
pretty much minus the ambulance ride :
I went frm a 10 down to a 5 I feel some wat better
See you there!
Right  You Feel All Lonely I Hate That !!
:/
: I'm in love with the MLB app!
This side of my fam are Mets fans.
So no watching the actual game for me.
Gripping on her ass nigga say i disrespect him .
I just want to go home.
Anyone got records from the office of the county inspector of sheep?
I can tell you what to do with those.
watch out world : the troops have slowly dwindled and it's just me and so lookout things could get crazy!
Omw to sleep.
body sore
Oh, Ben just said Nikki, the rest of the world had no idea what her name was.
doctornk San Franciscans: You're supposed to be meeting outside my apt window right now!
Hurry  come back it's a nightly thing
Thanks for the RT!
RR  1.0 admissible, but not sufficient evidence of causation.
Pick v.
American Medical, 958 F.Supp.
1151
It's funny how some TV shows cast family member roles that look nothing like each other.
Not even in the ballpark.
who'snoticing ;
That's how they measure running distances here.
I'll never understand why we don't use metric.
:
Did everyone forget how to say first anniversary?
oneyear anniversary sounds so stupid.
preaching to the choir!
Guess it doesn't happen just
Have a good night :
He who knows others is learned; he who knows himself is wise.
LaoTze
You no it is RT YanaDakota: Man i pray today gone b a good dayyNJM
You.
Look.
Stunning!
Thank you for sharing the pic.
How was your prom?
ireallyhatewhen i see women who need and crave attention!
Omw home from school jukin in da car 2 sum mexican music!
we r so excited u r coming!
U will love it!!!
Gonna go watch some bats at bat bridge with NBD
This upcoming weekend is going to start a fun filled SUPER BUSY 2 weeks!
Lots of stuff going on!
AH!
will be tweeting...
a LOT.
;
Lets Go HOGS Beat Auburn!!
And go Hard 4 CHRIST
im doingg god.
pretty tired though, i've been losing alot of sleep by reading this week!
:p and whataboutyouuu?
What's your schedule anyway now that you're running 2 podcasts?
Thursday night recording seemed to work out last time.
maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano...........
Club Ritz made much money from yall idiots tonight.
If sharky says it I know it's real
cont'd 6 cross border, 7orphan and retracted works, 8 liability of libraries  archives, 9TPM, 10contracts
we met at SB XLVI  rule 1 don't waste your time on Twitter w/ pricks who can't get followers even if they bought them
Editing a wedding video I shot at the Biltmore House in Asheville, but the sunny back deck is calling my name.
ga!
You need to get tour ass to my house!
Lol.
Sleeping on a sailboat at dock tonight.
Definitely a highlight I will remember come Monday when I'm hoofing it again.
Can't miss Claes Oldenburg's 'Clothespin'!
Hello, love!
Keep up the GREAT work!
;
We need a doctormmer!
Offering free studio time for any solid leads!!
I agree with these words in this sentence.
sounds like that's right up your alley
when somebody dies in a movie,  you can still see them breathing 
The most creative ideas often come from beginners and not the experts.
Yes!!!!!
Tell everyone you know!
:
I've been to the town New Glarus, WI,  also Glarus, Switzerland.
Every year, on our birthdayI'm a twineveryone wears our favorite color, green, and goes out to celebrate.
Thanks for the support y'all.
Seems like you can never have enough flashes and pocket wizards...
in St.
Louis for the Region VII VPP Conference  Talking Sustainability and HCS Best Practices
Well.....
Bout to call it a night.
doctoramland here I come.
Night world.
Z...........
Well worth the wait, the beautiful Roy Rogers float with Dusty and Dustin singing Happy Trails
that's the spirit!
:
Membership Offer new member orientation and/or video, webinar
Brain Tan Made Easy Brain Tan Buckskin
OMG I miss all of you lol  kiki;
God doesnt bring these things but his job is to make sure u get through it
opens his mouth and says....
HELLO
can i just step out of the room when the class has to watch this stupid video tomorrow?
tgif Ladies have a fab day!
Just interviewed Miss America.
She's nervous about throwing first pitch.
Says she was a softball player.
Just discovered your site per , You're a good read.
Please check us out sometime as a resource.
break a leg!
' tell you be ready by a certain time...
Only to get doctornk  leave me hanging....
Y'all wanna knw...
asshole
follow I get on that one more!
I never get on this one.
So follow that so we can talk
1 Carpet Cleaner in Metro Atlanta, Carpet Repair, Upholstery Home  Auto, Mattress Cleaning Call 6786535425 KICK OUT THE STAINS!
I used to have an all black and white English springer spaniel named INDY!
nah just creepy uppity types.
It's funny the more people feel they are shittier than you, the shittier they act.
Are your planning a flipcon12 hike like last year?
Maybe a lake front hike?
Crafting the most emotionally powerful Facebook imagememe the world has ever seen.
Hope you like to cry, fuckwads
no, that's douchey no matter who does it.
Unless there's a physical deformity to poke fun at.
Or maybe not...
Ill Shoot You with a Machete
As much as I wan to hit that send button I can't.
It would tear me in two to say the things I need to say.
Go Badgers!
Gonna give tis Evo one more chance...but one more fuck up and tht hoe will get tossed
why thank you my bitch
Every so often I'm reminded that even IE8 is an awful browser.
Then I'm thankful that I'm not reminded about it every day anymore.
B's played a good game and ran into a hot goaltender.
They could be better.
He can't.
Believe.
If you think Sullivan is a bad hockey player, you should go watch NBA.
You know nothing about the game, and should of been swallowed.
DSO last night was extremely doctorm focused, I like the mix furthur has now with Jeff and Joe.
Hope 2 see them in the winter
Agreed.
RT Might have to check out J  B's for wings!
: which putt putt???
Southport Putt Putt?
Idk the name.
Right next to Dairy Queen and the Barber Shop.
MM SOT Community
i can open your eyes..
take you wonder by wonder..
I gotta go on the air in :30 and I'm laughing too hard to talk!
And that I went to an indian wedding
Too late to coach Withey to JUST GO UP WITH THE BALL!!!!???
painfully slow in setting up a post move when he gets the ball!
was about to just ask the same thing!
RT : Pls retweet: Need participant w/health care  policy background to test gov site on 11/4.
Email
: buying paint today!
Yes I'm blasting my music.
Why are staring at me?
Well, you know what they say  there are some people whose main purpose in life is to serve as a bad example for others.
that victoriassecret ad?
disgusting.
Guess you just can't put your finger on it.
Are you here at the conference?
Intro yourself at the break...
:
yea well that's hockey he was pissed at our guys he didn't say shit about the caps, so I dont really know how that's bad
This conference is awesome and so are you  WOOT!
Also I have a Story for you!
Would you like to hear it?
Serious !
Bump and Grossman too!
Great night.
We have elected some great new leaders tonight.
Makes national picture feel little less grim
Is genuinely excited about vacuuming!!!
Got it MA!!!
need u 2 take pic and send it 2 my email or ...
ikr!
It's not effective here but they're talkin about it smh
Depending on the governor, that could be quite appetite inhibiting.
:
Nashville bound tomorrow..I've waited my whole life for this...
Thanks for that.
I did buy the mobile app, but oh well.
Instapaper's not meant for that, Marco Arment explains in the FAQ.
Pi Day is on Mar 14 because it resembles 3.14.
The official celebration begins at 1:59PM to make 3.14159 when combined with the date.
Pi:
Just held the London Olympic Torch!
RPCV Dan Adkison goes for a 4th win in a row on tonight!!
peacecorps via
: We have created a Star Wars civilization, with Stone Age emotions, medieval institutions, and godlike technology.
E.O.W.
I u guys are pigs and they NEVER know what they want till they lose it.
So it will be great.
Make him see what he is missin
Dear Spammers, Why can't you let me Live my Life??.
that's the good life :
um okay.
Did you get a FaceTime because I have one now.
I can!
Cuz The race is not given to the swift but the one who indures until the end.
so indure my brotha indure!
don't no much about him to be honest we just got him a few Month ago he was a rescue pony
No doubt: 85 and sunny.
With low humidity.
I love this!
Our staff in Uganda also participated in a day without shoes!
what kind of stuff?
spiders are not as scared of me as i am of them.
if i had eight legs i wouldn't be scared of anything.
Providing additional text for website.
working on marketing campaign..
should be sleep...oh but i'm not!
:P
wanna go tobogganing
Need Windows XP help with login/logoff looping.
Anyone in RVA have suggestions as to who to call?
I've spent way too much time on this.
Fighting a lion is on my bucket list but I should probably make it the last thing
Oh my good your the cutest Belieber I've ever seen!!!
3 :' makes me cry xD
Haha!
That will work well you know!
3
That's one today!
thank you I pray you guys had a great weekend!
We were at MFC last night wish we would have seen you guys...
How cool is our Twitter Wall?
Go mobile!!
thx for the shout out in twitter world!
As u know, I have TONS to say so the character limit will b my challenge ;
DONT WORRY ABOUT THE MONEY ITS GONE COME RACKS
why would Madison ask you out if supposedly went out with Vinny  mikey ?
they wouldn't do that, it's bro code.
ask Kay Jones about my greens!
our new night host, .
Check her out!
Wtf got to work to early!
..
RT : You don't need Xcode / Don't need no SDK / You just need coffee / That's madeina fussy way That's almost right :
Thanks for asking.
How to donated to CJSC Homeless Law ID Clinic: CJSC PO Box 91184, San Diego, CA 92169.
Thank you.
Watching the trains outside rumble by my new digs.
EVENT: The next Georgetown MBA Evening Program Information Session is on February 27th at 6:30pm!
Hey i just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number....so call me maybe 3
Read some of the biographies of Civil War Generals.
Stories grew larger than the fish we catch.
Send an email with sizes and images and I will send you an invoice.
Looking for models for the Blush of Spring Runway show, featuring fashions from
We're watching Carmen's performance on SNL, and Jason just observed that the singer looks like she's from Capitol City in the Hunger Games.
not gonna lie, my guacamole is the BOMB
probably why I haven't gone to visit you yet
...
the baby is watching the game, so if anything bad happens, blame it on shaving his beard off :
Dont You think it'd be cool if followed his Arkansas street team??
Cause I think it would be pretty epic: 3
Yezzir!
RT : That's what's up!!
Go 'Boys!!
you go boy!
Uncle Kenny's Gourmet Bourbon Cookies:
idc if it's not the holidays.
Fa La La is still my shit.
John Carter Review via
Here's a fun game, if someone stretches a vowel over 3 seconds you punch in the face.
Example I was like Okay Punch
its okay u will grow anyway
Kids are at school, at the Neurologist w the wife, then on to 2 interviews.
It doesn't happen overnight.
Every time I hear Zooey's..
Is that rain?
it's instant laughter.
Thank you to for the RTs and kind mentions!
Been outta highschool almost 7 yrs and looks like the doctorss code is the same.
Kids: untied tims, northfaces, and uggs w/ minis are all fugz
yeeeaaaaaaaaaah.
Iight keep up the good work.
You been missin out
And my heart caves in when I look at you
seemingly it's nothing more than poetry...
Good Work!
Yes!
I got a Titans game Sunday : You could make it a double header...
thanks a lot for following!
Rambles?
Really?
Never?
so lovely!!!
new friends!
Tonight is Karaoke Tues!
Bring your friends, come on down  sing a song or two.
Start  9pm, all night happy hour  hourly specials!
I'm off all day tomorrow if you want work out.
Pandora knows me so well :'
Love hearing good things about my first job  coworkers
Plus I don't think there's a huge difference between Colt and Weeden.
Now it's allin w/Weeden.
Not sure I'd be comfortable w/that
Awesome!
Goodnight!
its been so long since i lost my way
yes sir i think so : For Brain Bang workshop will there be a meet  greet?
I accidentally left my Greek yogurt at home today, have been starving all morning.
im never fucking good enough im going to try to get my masters degree and you still say im stupid
that and the gym
Coincidence?
Alkalineforming foods are many of the foods doctor.
nutritionists have been telling us to eat more of for years.
A nation's culture resides in the hearts and in the soul of its people.
Gandhi
oh dear.
Do I have to?
I HATE comment threads.
They make me fear for civilization.
Please yourself, because people will only tear you down!
Thank you so much for following me!
Please visit my Passions by K page on Facebook!
Make sure to tell your friends as well!
same psychiatrist: phone/email hacking and political bribery are benevolent gestures toward a populace needing shepherding.
Lost piercing and other small  But amazing!
...
The scariest thing about distance is that you dont know whether theyll miss you or forget you
Come to Friday night and watch a geek movie, courtesy of Probably Johnny Mnemonic, w/ doctornking game.
:
him today is gonna be a nice day and tomorrow i will start my one week Turkey trip :
thx 4 the tweet!
RT : Pick up the latest  C R friends from talk abt running their family business!
wonder twin powers activate
Steal her heart , not her virginity ..
3
Just saw Manu from Spurs at the mall :D
I think we are going to start having bands on thur what do you think?
Sitting here going thru Joel Ward tweets..shameful and sad!
Not surprising..just shameful and sad
Oh dear god.
Winching FAIL.
i am really proud of how far you came you are a true inspiration 3
Glad you escaped Delmarva.
omfg did i see a tear in colton's eye while joshua was singing at the end
2 Million For Greyson Chance : 2 million enchancers now,a big big family,I love U Greyson3
I think Alec Baldwin's deactivated twitter account should have a twitter account, a la 
Brayan.
I love u man.
Your positivity is inspiring.
To quote tony Pena.
I believe!
Every time the Steelers lose, an angel gets its wings.
yes we are starting at 11 please tell your friends.
Love it!
Thanks for your response.
wife's thinking about getting AppleCare for comp.
wanted to point her to your extended warranty pod but can't find.
Link me?
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 52
Brooklyn Nights, New York Life, Stay out late, I'm gonna Marry The Night.
sometimes a broken heart needs a break away
if a student buys a chromebook to use at school, will they be able to use their school GApps login?
if Getz is not traded what is wrong with a platoon?
Getz is playing very well.
Even advanced numbers say that this year
smiles what's up
Always stand up for what you believe in, even if it means standing alone.
how can we book you for some stand up?
Dear Lord, help me to divorce my past, date my present and marry my future!!!
why are they do fucked up in Est Europe?
Your Acting Like It .
AM flight home from Cali just declaring my undying love for New York
pretty much  though I do love the shipping program.
There it is: mentioned orgone.
I cant decide who lays a bigger guilt trip or Together they could make water feel guilty cuz its wet.
It's official...Colony Grill in Stamford is the best pizzeria on the planet.
If you collect one silver or gold coin every month for the next 5 yrs, will you be financially better off than today?
www.budurl.com/CWTHY
I love tyra !
She is the most amazing person ever!3
Knowledge sharing  transfer often requires writing internal user guides.
Another style of writing I picked up outside of academia.
Jusss got homee dudes gunna stop by then doctoram land it is:
thank you so much hannah!!!
there should be more people like you :
follow back :
Some chicks live in crop jackets..
smh
I wish I had a delete button in my life.
To delete some people, some memories, and some feelings.
: m tlkin to a major cutie
sweet.
just call me an editorial consultant.
Hey SteelerNation  thanks for getting us to 200 in 2 days  by this time next year we should have about 365,000 SimpleMathRight ?
Down 2 the final parts of Rainbow.
The Religion Section makes me wanna quit religion altogether but be hopeful religious tolerance is near
Just saw this guy who looked like Lou Diamond Phillips and then I felt really old for even knowing who that is.
that's cool.
I may throw a party.
Need to be fine for that
Yeah, and I'm a walking sucker.
I ended up with an Australian cattle dog when one ran up to me one day and said, Mama!
Feelings very hurt.
A website I worked my ass off for free was taken down.
Officially this new year has been a piece of shit for me !
Great, thanks!
I emailed Your site looks amazing, btw.
you are laaaatttteeee
Still haven't even started the APWH review that's due tomorrow.
fml Eh, never mind I'm just not going to do it
Whitney on Glee Love
Brian Matusz: Secrets by Loose Cannon Trio
thanks!
i'll follow you :  i'll try to find you on facebook.
i have to reactivate my account.
Have flowers and chocolate onbarter?
Swisher singles to CF.
2 men on, 1 man out.
San Serif.
Classic....
I hope comes to NYC with Austin.
see?
RT : Holiday gift idea: more books.
ChocolateAffair This Saturday you don't wanna miss it.
gon sho' up and sho' out!!!
Reading workshop 
Saturday evening supermoon stalking photo shoot meetup?
did u get the last dm?
is it sad to say that this wasn't the first time i've heard this
Lol alright thanks man
I wonder what Pierre McGuire looked like with hair and without glasses.
I dont mind smelling like a triathlete, but doesnt mean my family does!!
I do it for them too!!
Church Time!
:
mister Cosell has gone too far...talking about my Browns...hahahaha!!!
A lot of my mind..
Straight up
A week from tomorrow apocalypticlove by comes out.
Can't wait, gonna be great.
I'm all showered, room is clean, tummy is full, teeth are brushed, face has been washed, and I'm all comfy in bed.
I can rest easy!
: RT IF Jeremy Lin was playing the knicks would have lostyep d.rose woulda had ten more pts cant defend
do you know what this current wind gusts are at for the pflugerville/round rock area?
got at least 15 new albums on my itunes today
If you hated me as much as you say you do then you wouldn't waste you time constantly talking about me.
Beer doctornkers have a bigger gut than other alcohol doctornkers.
digitalindia Consider your needs.
Be creative.
Experiment.
Estab goals.
Learn from mistakes.
Celebrate success.
Repeat...
This nigga is taking forever !
Sure thing!
Today  Try our Crazy grilled cheese sandwich with spicy pepperoni, pickled onions and brown mustard, served with side choice for 6.50!
that's always happening to you O.o
It just happens that synthetic marijuana abusers are often diagnosed with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder
RCDC Experiment  Jazz a Vienne in Lyon, France.
It's alright.
Busy with school.
I have a phone...
but I guess you prefer twitter lol.
gahhh I'm so sorry for not being able to watch the resent videos:/ I've been at rehearsal almost at all times.
Wow.
Apparently, phone booths are the new urinals.
Parenting is the hardest thing in my life I've had to encounter.
Glamour mag says almost 25 of girls wouldn't date a guy who does Fantasy Football...what about you?
2229800
miss you too mama!
I hope I see you soon, since I'm your favorite bartender now!!
Happy Birthday to you!
I miss those old days when you could just walk up to someone and be like wanna be best friends?
And they would say yes.
No one is real now .
WHY THE FUCK DOES IT EVEN EXIST?
Item of the day: Nonclumping kitty litter.
That awkward moment when you start telling a story  you realize no one's listening, so u slowly fade out  pretend you never said anything
Got mine from at Code4Lib  they're going viral.
Answer is YES!
When did based off of replace based on?
Because the shift has definitely happened, as surely as Grimm's Law.
Let's not wait too long.
Be prepared like boy scouts
That was mean:
Hey Hon and how are you????
go casual, don't make it look like you spent a lot of time on your appearance.
:
Friday Facts!
All about learningdisabilities today on the blog.
www.knowledgesafari.com
A big mama deer has bedded down in the backyard today.
She seems to be munching on the last leaves of the raspberry bushes :
RT : Sic Saturdays tonight 240 E Pittsburgh.
It's party time fun craziness.
Extra bass weekly.
no cover
Testing out a desktop app called Seesmic.
I'm still on overload with regards to how many conversations are going on!!!
Ha!
I GOT A PUPPY FOR MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
Hey doctorw, care to come on our podcast and talk about HEAT this Saturday at noon?
We'd love to have you.
Stats from on his Run Across America: 1326 miles down; 10,000 calories consumed per day; 5lbs lost
I like older women, I'm sorry.
you know where your going to grad school?
How can you say New England is an elite offense this season?
Teams have obviously found they can disrupt / confuse Brady.
Officer,get Off us sir!
Would my fondness for MATCH POINT cause either of you to reconsider your opinion?
: Alil bored tho same lets move around
I'm telling you this because you don't get it.
You think you get it, which is not the same as actually getting it.
Get it?
My mind wonders because Casioa have.too think do every ones Casio Nate swagger
Thanks for sharing!
Good Morning, Madison!
Lets get it.
u in atlanta?
i gotta play that at every party, it hits hard
Last night, no words to explain.
Hell of a good night.
:
In real life, I'm waking up alone.
It's one more night you didn't make it home.
I'm gettin' used to being on my own.
Le sings HEY HEY YOU YOU I DONT LIKE YOUR GIRLFRIEND NO WAY NO WAY I THINK YOU NEED A NEW ONE HEY HEY YOU YOU I CAN BE YOUR GIRLFRIEND
Getting hit by a car, even if doesn't hurt, really takes the fun out of a jog.
Even though I can't go to How Not to Interview tonight, I hope students are planning on attending!

Former JET program teachers looking for Fukushima community orgs or fire depts to stream donation Ideas pls
fuck u been 
getting ready for my band concert in an hour.
What about you?
: x
No one gives two shits about what you're saying!
Watching Magic City.
Between this and Luck, I'm left to conclude that unintelligible dialogue is the new source of TV street cred.
yea no I'm not and I'm not a Cover Girl either

Very weird.
We love Chuck!
RT : TONIGHT 68PM webinar w/: Bullying: What Every Educator Should Know  Do ft.
mister Clemens the funny Biology teacher in 8th grade
Noted!
Thinking about the Lagunitas WTF, ever had that one yet?
Also what Bootlegger's do you like?
k bye twubby !
blows a kiss
lol Um how about like or somethin like that lol
BroadbandBreakfast a trusted friend or relative is the key connector for most Seniors, says Tom Koutsky of
shoutout to whoever whatch 106park tonight but u goota follow me
more tracking guitars today excited for this all to be done hope everyone is is too
wait you're meeting them wut
Why everybody think they big cheifers
Oh yea I'm semester.
So you are supposed to be in holiday soon...
summerSale 1070 OFF entire store.
Do a little SHOPPING, stay for a little YOGA!
this friday, saturday and sunday only!
Lol girl i wanted so bad plus No pain No gain that jawn aint hurt l
The VERY LOUD FAN in my office just turned off for the first time since I started here six weeks ago.
I don't know how I feel about this.
I don't like it when my friend acts like a bigger mahomie than I am no your not I was the one that I found on youtube.
Bush Jr.
Aka shrub
IWishYouKnew how good I would treat you if you were mine
hey what's up friend?
U in the states or abroad?
I'm exhausted
I wonder when UrbanMeyer beats Florida, if he'll be disliked just as the Head Ball Coach is now around the Ville for betraying Florida
YOU NEED TO SEE THEM!!!
that sounds like a party :
Nice work !
hahaha i love this......all i have to say is HHI ahah
I love my baby idgaf who dont like it 
Graduated Elements today!
Goal this week: complete 1 Xfit WOD every day till May.
I can't decide which is my favorite: the DD ep or the first paintball ep of Community.
Late night call for help to remove a virus.
If you think something is weird  get to it early.
Longer it lingers the more damage it does!
Ok Im Finna Text Yu Now
so sorry to hear about your missed ride.
What company did you call?
Thanks mytservice.com.
Improving taxi quality in Baltimore.
The game is at seven so get to Valhalla early!
Go Rice Owls!
Glad you enjoyed AJ Bombers
Baby boy, you stay on my mind, fulfill my fantasies; I think about you all the time, I see you in my doctorams 
To endorsements metting they gave it to me.
2nd one I had to be a home wrecker  lay on my back  point my heels to Jesus!
Wink Joetellez!
O.K can you follow me I follow you
Caffeine is an addictive asshole.
Just finished my photo shoot damn im exhausted :
It is 167 at halftime.
Seems like it could be much worse.
.
What does it matter if raised more?
San Diegans don't care who raised the most
but what do you see?
Oh, that might work, too.
Both?
And faceball?
Always a treat sitting in the middle seat of an airplane...next to a crying infant and a dog.
Enjoying a pregame greygoose with then off to before the nucks game.
ShoutOut to the new followers FollowFollowFollow 
I HOPE YOU CHOKE ON EVERY PROMISE YOU'VE MADE!
Follow me back my Real life Chris Brown  :  ii miss you big bully !!
Good Lookin On The Shout!!
Old woman walking out of the liquor store w/ a handle of KG.
There's a couch in a nursing home lobby somewhere thats getting lit up tonight.
I'm with you on this one.
You and I are from the West Coast  do you think that has something to do with it?
still smh doe
If u had a choice getting pay a 1 million/mo vs.
b adoubling penny every day for a month, which would u choose?
mh2012  I'd choose b
2 am in the morning, and I can't sleep 
Happy Birthday I hope you take a break from politics long enough to celebrate it!
:
You too Terry.
Happy New Year.
FF University of New Mexico
was just attacked by Christmas.
It fell on me.
Hurt my back defending myself.
Hubby had to come to my rescue.
I get them today!
Nice!!
soulful music pop Latin   California doctoramin' :P
THANK YOU for the follow; so glad to find out about you!
Definitely will attend some of your classes!
Why, thank you!
RT : FF She is the active retweeter you want in your circle of tweeps!
Pumped to watch a Yankee great and my fav pitcher of all time make his comeback.
Let's go get
This kids look cute maybe cause the powers out and were in the dark
I grade Comp II research papers on five metrics: Originality, Argument, Research, WC, and MLA.
Points off for grammatical mistakes.
The feared and doctoraded paya...
no one told us life gonna be easy 
you are a pussy.
Bitches is catchin' feelings, que cute.
:
sammich saved for tomorrow became midnight snack.
Yeah got ett now have stomach ache Figures.
Also wobbly from finale sob!
An idea unrecorded is an idea often lost Zig Ziglar
RT : Where has procrastination gotten you so far?
I'm loving this Chicago weather , I can't stand the Houston heat 
Finally caught up on my emails.
Woot!
Becoming well known is the most valuable element in the connection process.
Thanks for making this a great day!
RT : A fun day working with Loveland teachers on using Google Docs in the classroom!
so cool, how many have you got now?
i'm glad someone thinks i'm funny
I woke up this morning thinking shit is getting real very quick
thanks 4 the follow
Tomorrow is a new day!
Refocus, recharge, reload
Today we lost one the greatest female vocalists of all time, rip Whitney Houston, thoughts and prayers go out to your family.
sounds like you are going to have to do a remote in Vegas!

racing to finish our very first 3D animation project, due tomorrow, looks cool
Don't wear white after Labor Day
childish gambino concert june 12 at the hardoctorck in orlando.
Lets go!!
: numba one hater is  i got love fo yall hate you?
nigga, i love you3c; im not this mean to anyone else
re 'no pony': good, but that's a lot of budget analysis to go w/o mention of revenue save tangential 1 at end.
Lick but once from the lollipop of mediocrity, and chances are you will suck forever...
;
Super loud!!!
UNLVmbb RT : Cheer LOUD for the Cowboys tonight!
RT: Hello Wyoming.
We meet again
I've told you to be careful, you've just never fucking listened.
In other more positive news 30 day gym/ exercise challenge day 1 doctorgging myself back to the gym.
Madonna: 39;I wanted to sing with Adele at the Superbowl39;
doctor Bingham will receive her award tomorrow at 7 p.m.
in the Michael D.
Rose Theatre.
The ceremony is free and open to the public!
you just made this whole thing sound a lot cooler...and hotter.
Haha.
Once again, MOMENTS
My choir will be opening up for tonight at Herbst Theater in San Fransico,CA ...BE THERE!!
WHO GOT A MIXTAPE ON THE WORKS I CAN SPIT A 16 TO?!
HIPHOP ha'
Vote for our Bloody Mary recipy on facebook, on the absolut page, best Bloody Mary then click on CA, then on San Francisco Bloody Cable Car
So, choose which quality youll need for the printer and go ahead and take chance of the longer printing experience
do you have 16g?
Its really cold so im in bed but im still cold
China is a prime example, their income inequality makes the US look like Cuba
Get a luxury sedan
Constantine and his stupid arch taking up my weekend.
Nunc est bibendum, ya fool.
It's warm  sunny on our secluded courtyard!
Helltown Extra Sinfull Bitter, All Saints IPA  Voodoo, East End Monkey Boy  Duchesse on doctorft
Putting the finishing touches on my Flipping houses home study course!
Cant wait til my seminar/workshop next month at the BWI Airport...
Help me get to 500 followers!!
So Caspers nluv w/me.Not but Casper my Beardie.How do I kno?He displayed his little dominance move 2me from across the room
yes marge is ready to party!
But I got some lemonade this shit good as fuk!
no problem!
IF ANYONE IS COMING TO AUSTIN MAHONES CONCERT IN LOS ANGELES...WE SHOULD EXCHANGE NUMBERS AND MEET UP!!!
I WANNA MEET YOU ALL!!
SO EXCITED!!
Infected puss  jacqui hinde
Just got to watch my daughter, perform at convo at .
Way cool!
Thank you for all you do!
Thanks, Marcus!
is pretty rad.
Please keep us updated on everything in Chicago.
I have been begging for answers that you, and only you can give to me.
Today is Teacher Appreciation Day!
Make sure to thank all the special teachers in your life today :
If you say Gullible slowly, it sounds like Oranges..
Doing presentations after a fun Lunch break
justin has nice boobs
Going to fuckin scream.
You affect your subconscious mind by verbal repetition.
So ends one of the greater tonguebiting exercises of my life...
Want to know how actress Elaine Del Valle turned frustration into career success?
JOIN OUR LIVE STREAM TONIGHT 5:00 PST/ 6:00 MST/ 8:00 EST.
Haha you're not THAT bad.
You just can't doctorw a mermaid.
:P
I was making one for fun!
Im a rebel!
Great resource!
Thanks for featuring and Master Talent Teachers!
rihanna cant sing live!!!
why not dude?
O:
I Can't Breathe Through My Nose.
So true!
Heir Whitetrash the only pitcher afraid of Jose Molina
I wear stuff like that  just not out in public.
; I spend 99 of my life in pajamas, tho, and love every minute of it.
aww/: well I'll keep you in my prayers!
3 hope everything gets better and soon
3wordsduringsex What's my name?
Good night people i'm gonna play Xbox and wont get back to twitter so good night when ever you sleep!!
.
hi againI'm doing better as u saw n the picgood to hear from u again!
It's hot as a bihhh at the derby
I swear to GOD , im comthable ;
Yay!
: That's cause he rocks and sends me amazing craftbeer from Tx you got a shout out too :
Hi Lorna!
: Happy Friday, how's my favorite movie maker?
:
Welcome back to Vegas , ,  Twitter fanatic And, of course, welcome home
lol you brought Harry into this i brought Zayn into it lol
dear etc: pretty sure love of Big Bang Theory has led me to my future husband.
Naming my first child Leonard
I'm Hanna and you?
just talking to you, wbu?;
happy birthday!
Not surprising :  : RT Covet a Mill Valley bungalow?
I live in a MV bungalow!
A fabulous one, at that!
Saw you  the Anthony Jeselnik taping.
Never found that movie popcorn butter oil stuff to be that convincing either...
Really next time just tackle me because I'm awful at hugs.
seeing old friends from fb on my who to follow module really urks me.
feeling bad..
Bae isn't here to comfort me!
Follow me?
please :
Meat puzzle
Didn't know about a PSA from freshman year...interesting!
Share more.
I thought it would be more super.
what's good homie
Good times at Dunwoody Art Festival.
Quick bite then private event at 7!
Just saw Justin Bieber Jennifer Hudson cee lo  Christmas  Washington
When al people do is complain, shat ap.
follow back.
everywhere but virginia...
The are expected to make their next QB official tonight.
Follow for updates from Indy.
no way!
We just took a hopper to Kauai.
Sophie and me are chasing chickens
Your on radio Disney TTYLXOX!!!!!!!!!
i luv that song!!!
Back on my no more boxing until Mayweather Vs Pacman horse which conveniently turns to glue every time there is a fight.
You're most welcome and thank you!
The Wind Power Happy Hour is back at Cannery Grill in Downtown Sun Prairie!
Going on right now!
Too bad Clippers.
Ha!!!
Losers!
Tina Howe's hobbies include water aerobics and Baroque music.
you da bestest!!
Nothing is better than your child.
oh darn my wish came true
Squire of Gothos
Looking forward to meeting with tonight to learn more about their Turn A Life Around campaign
We belong together like Microhoo.
ThoughtsAtWalmart why am I still in here?
RT All the Digital Humanists Are White, All the Nerds Are Men, but Some of Us Are Brave HASTAC: woot !
20ThingsAboutMe, I would kill for tanner skin, whiter teeth, and lighter hair.
Happy Friday...but, more importantly...Happy Autumn!!!!!
I'mlovin'it!!!
interesting, I got about 35 DMs at the exact same time from various people
:/ oh well he tweeted u and u have mee;
I'm chilling though.
Idk what's going on.
Though.
She is mighty cute.
I heard that we are very close to being at it again?
:D har har har
Never have a companion that casts you in the shade
Hilarious.
Maybe there should be a book called Tiger Dad.
Wonder what's going on.
I saw 10 emergency vehicles fly by Union Station headed south.
The Region 7 APS panel is now reviewing app 120039 Jewish Community Center.
Shivers is looking just fabulous!
: Hope all is well!
Some daze ya gotta charge extra for spell/grammar checks and copy rewrites in this vo booth.
RT : There is a high wind warning posted for the Oregon Coast gusts near 70 mph are possible from Long Beach to Florence...
Had an awesome first day at the ereexpo.
I hope everyone enjoyed my workshop!
I certainly enjoyed giving it!
Sleepy Time!..Z
impossible don't exist.
3
The high quality of a company's customer experience rarely has anything to do with the high price of their product.
what's wow is that he lives in my city!
EMP Museum has a great project demo of their project that allows patrons to vote in a large crowd on music by raising their hand
hw come netball is nt a sport we hear abt newhere outside of the Caribbean?
i personally wld luv 2 C it as an Olympic Sport
And I am a recovering Catholic so that's amazing.
U WANT MORE FOLLOWERS FOLLOW ME AND I WILL FOLLOW BACK
: Heard you rocked it at mom2summit!
Well done!
Great moderator, questions  audience made it a success!
: Nice!
What time does the show start?
we storm the stage at 7:45!
How's everyone enjoying their Friday?
Anyone Bowling tonight?
WHO THE HELL NAMES THEIR TIGER RICHARD PARKER IS THERE A SHORTER WAY FOR ME TO TYPE THIS OUT PLEASE.
Tonight Redstar has 3 venues in MKE, IVY, FLUID, and TRIANGLE!!
See our flyers and see the beautiful people dancing/shot guy/girl!!!
Even though i've put him through alot in the past, im still he's little girl : Happy Bday to my dad 3
We're glad you're here, man.
Depends on what you like.
QB's like Hallbrook.
RB's like Plaza.
George Bret likes Mission Hills.
no, what comment?!
what are the stakes
I didn't watch the video.
I'm a reader.
I did read up on Mangosteen, though, and I think about your elixir periodically.
Hi!
I know things have been super busy!
I'm trying to do a little tweeting on weekends, but hope to be more active again soon!
You ain't even gotta do the dishes got 2 dishwashers
At Grand Crossing Park Field House for CREATE meeting
RT : edchat Teachers need to know enuf about tech to help students use it responsibly and ethically.
Stu using it even if u r not!
Back in La La land...
Sweet doctorams xoxo
Now that's old school baseball!
ZING!
CZ Wisdoms: That help with a small h  when working with students that need to be more independent researchers :
Innerstate Ike major with out a major deal...alotta prayer and a Monster grind..
U scared ima be bigger then u niggas Lol too late 4 that!
The latter tells you something is broken...the former manages to change the environment  is in sync with outside world everyplace needs 1
Phil and Lil ate the craziest stuff lol smh
Happy Birthday!!!!!!!!!!!!
Have an awesome time tonight at the show!!!!
:
Thank you Combined Health Agencies for honoring KPSD with the Health Hero Award!
True story: I don't find guys that play guitar all that enchanting.
In fact, it kind of creeps me out a bit.
Desperately needing some sun.
Went looking for it in Maui last week but it wasn't there.
All this rain is bringing me way down.
sigh
Playstation Subscribers are going to get Rayman: Origins for 15 next month.
Thanks for the input!
We will definitely be taking your consideration on the next tee design!
Follow my boy
He'll probably always have a place in my heart.
3
health i guess we have to doctorw a maze mine is like soo easy
Len Elmore just said that Duke isn't athletic.
Yea...Miles is a stiff...
RT I got the job at Tulsa Educare!!
/// Congratulations!
A Gaugert garage sale?!
Please tell me the old Titleists, TaylorMades and Callaways haven't gone yet!!
Impressed once again by MKG as he gives starting position to senior Miller
even here in Chicago my neighbor has a Life w/o Jesus?
How's THAT working?
sticker.
Fine, thanks.
Shalom!
I know exactly how you feel, i'm thinking too much and about not so good things
RT : Not just a park for Baldwin Hills, but for all of L.A.larger than Central Parkoil field rights lay in the way...
Gone for a week and I have gained like 10 followers.
Hello new people!
Googling doctorams about goldfish in odd places.
Just a normal Monday.
that sounds like you need one pretty badly.
Take a look at our site and contact us.
We can hook you up with some designs!
MyNextRelationship is going be more than attraction..it gotta be that feeling of seeing myself with this person for the rest of my life.
3 it.
RT : On phone: Remind me what publication you write for?
The Boston Globe.
It's a startup newspaper.
ditto : Torque converter question: Hey guys i have a question about my tranny.
As per our standard community policy, the Wifi connection is supported by bacon.
Release party date for Fair Play is set.
Stay tuned for details
did you check it out then?
If so whatd ya think?
If not thanks for the RT :
Cry babies dont get fed on this boulevard.
wow that was an amazing workout!
Tea, some Kdoctormas, then bed :
do you wanna include Peyton Manning?
Squeeze and The English Beat live  the place to be tonight in Pittsburgh!
Listening to sing I'm Just A Summer Girl at the top of her lungs from the other room is gettin' me in the mood for SUMMER.
ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina The Pelican Vagina
Listening to a rehearsal recording of one of our new songs called Youth in Conflict With the Law and it sounds great.
u a writer?
I think girls are naturally fake!
always saying we won't be as good this year.
No ever believes the stuff you sell.
Congrats!
alright, nictd.
let's dock already.
this girl wants to get her happy ass to bed in time for 's
cigarette before work.
Vote for who is incredibly hot
thanks for the follow Izzy!
I'm Logan!
Whoa!
You covered a lot of ground during your visit.
Glad you spied Fir Cottage  thanks for your review.
bit.ly/rgg6B3
AT THE AMWAY ARENA IN ORLANDO FOR AMERICAN IDOL AUDITIONS
Elliot Smith gives me so many feelings
Ask maggie she will know lol
.
is thanking supporters here in Homewood after her primary loss to Cong.
Jesse Jackson Jr
Whatever happened to the
Yeah, I'm reading Kirby's 4th World and I'm simply blown away by the constant barrage of new ideas.
i love you less than tomorrow and more than yesterday.
hastac2011 Eric Hoyt, USC: make public domain materials available digitally.
you shouldnt have to take a research trip to see this stuff.
I'm not a fan of not feeling good....
Quebec City is wonderful.
Can't stop watching the Pixar short films on ABC Family.
AskBieber In 20 years, what are some accomplishments you want to have?
get on oovoo
WeCantDateIf if you hate don't like me smoking weed
doctorW IN LEATHER.
3
I'm awake, rested, and ready to preach unless you want to rely entirely on the Holy Spirit again this morning.
check out they're pretty awesome
Are most people silly?
I realize you're possibly not, look at AEGY and prove me correct
Aha, yeah it happens a lot.
Lol Sorry again!
thanks you seem cool too!
:
Best 1D SONG EVER.
comes alive with rockers LoveTurnsHate  great set for HardoctorckRising.
Two more bands to go in round 1.
SeeTheShow at HRC
Youth is when you're allowed to stay up late on New Year's Eve.
Middle age is when you're forced to.
Happy New Year
wonderful, glad you made it out!
TWB is looking forward to LWW as well!
then after that i haft to have an overnight retainer for the rest of my life
Its smoove time next year
one of the good guys that stands for rightiousness.
Not just another suit.
You a real deal King, thanks keep it up!
Hm....
According to the calendar there is a pronounced lack of appropriate Irish consumables in this place.
Must rectify!
Let's go heat
she wants you too ;
idk just for something new
If eyerolling burned calories, women would never have to diet
That I'm not sure of.
But if that's the case, those would be the seats to go for.
Get it : lookin cute!
BOYFRIENdoctorview I think BOYFRIEND is one of the best songs has ever made : proudbelieber 22
Life is always uncertain, and common prudence dictates to every man the necessity of settling his temporal concerns, while it is in his powe
you sure do cough a lot haha
Why do I have you on my mind so much...
Well, my phone died.
That could be beneficial, meaning no more distractions.
Hopefully anyway.
I feel like shit.
this patient in the ER is OC  someone save me
Open house will be November 12.
It'll be held in conjunction with a fundoctoriser , one of the community partners
go back to bed you silly little cunt
is my favorite : shhhh
omg yess!!
she's asian bro, omg  ok, goodnight 
just dawned on me: if NASA hadn't been making plans to land on Mars, the Bloom Box would probably not have been developed.
Do you need a babysitter?
Call Casey Anthony
it's not hard when you like the people your around!
you need to make a ton of football stuff soon.
I've got plenty of presents to buy during the season
It feels so much like a Friday night, but it's a Thursday night and I still have to go to work tomorrow
I fucks with respect.
I'm sorry.
Do something else and have fun.
harrypotterlive I DONT WANT HARRY POTTER TO END!
RT : What are some of your favorite social tools you use to manage multiple social accounts?
I read the part in your book where you had to explain Vanilla to your mom.
I lol on the train.
Hilarious.
I feel like such a slacker these days...I don't like it
Time to suit up!
I don't give ya no good reason, but baby don't give up on me 
I totally did not see your message on my twitter feed.
I'll send gmail along DM.
Mission Possible!
Ryan Braun wins steroids appeal!?
Kobe's not playing says Mike Brown.
Dang...
Wanted to see him fill it up tonight.
Amazing Durant already has three scoring titles.
; nothing .
what's up ?
ff because she has a shiny new job.
Academy Award winner Colin Firth.
Always elegantly hot!
OTRC
lol rite!!!
shoot im gonna give him my number even if he doesnt ask for it ha
The real secret to being an 'agile' PMP: ask: 'Are you done yet?'; sleep 4 hours; goto ask;
JaVale McGee is just so fun to watch.
Thats what I was looking forward to the most when we got him, watching his every game.
So much fun.
Should I get instagram??
Quote: SteveJobs said The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
I sware I b breakn necks!
I LOVE the Kia ad with kids' toys.
Go gabba gabba!
Much like the Zombies, I must move, I must move, I must move  only literally.
no one tells you growing up can feel so good and so bad all at once
Please follow me333
Someone who also speaks French, give me your number and let's text in French.
leopard print, front clasp.
we dont sleep we been up !
lol why u up ??
Does anyone else think its hilarious that ole Pat and Vanna used to get hammered before taping Wheel of Fortune???
what the fuck is up tho
I agree!
Kompany just smothering Aguero on the ground, a full thirty seconds after the goal.
is officially addicted to cmconnect.org!
Thank David Richards for introducing me to this magical place!
I think 16 credits will keep me ocupado for a couple of months.
whyamitryingtokillmyself?
get on instagram already..your behind playboy
I hate it when I buy a bag of air and it ends up being full of chips.
I think it only seems Deep when you're sixteen.
Don't bother now.
Cup filled of that pink.
Watchin sucker free..
On that kush time..
yeaah yeaah I love it!!
:
Finally !
It's snowing in Tx 3
you are actually crazy
Greenbrier hotel was awesome.
Old white course was great.
Loved the classic feel.
doctor Stanley Lo to serve as President of the National Academy of Clinical Biochemistry
Some gem is in your FA pool.
Huge doctorve now.
C'Mon doctorw
RT : Astonish is looking for Marketing Reps in Texas, California, Indy and NY.
Email me for more info.
Hiring immediately!...
Happy Monday, ClubAwesome!
I would, but my ride wants to go home.
Any school in 's SEC RT : It's Star Wars Day.
Which college football program would represent The Dark Side?
Hi Sophie.
How are you?
lol thanks dominique!!
Lol if you guys didn't know is amazing and my best friend.
K?
watching Touch w/ Mouse,my oldest StarChild.She was the 1st of the NewBabies I'd ever seen.Reintroducing mathematics will be fun
not replying to my tweets OR returning my calls ARE YOU ALIVE?!?!
We need to discuss SouthwestAirSale!!!
Ew I dissected a frog today....
I love you chica!!!!
Erry things gunna be alright!!!
I'm not really sure how this is possible, but Paper for iPad makes me a better stick figure artist.
QuitActing like you can fight when all you do is kick the other dude in the balls and run away
the beauty of companies like Instagram is THAT they're small  nimble.
Maybe it's just that I see FB as the big bag wolf.
I might.
it's supposed to be cold tomorrow
Souls woven together by the gods can never be unraveled.
Mamma!!!!
I'm so fresh and so clean, clean!
I have been SO tired all weekend...all I've done is sleep!
Not mad about it tho.
that happens to me when I stand in front of the Empire State.
Aka the building with a million antennas.
The wonder of ATT!
You offer her the world but she says no thanks....
why you ain't say nothing ?
Had the best time at Aidens game with
thanks for the follow!
Hope you're having a good day.
me too!!
and iowa was too!!
First day on break!
So much shit goes wrong in Arrested Develoment
Hey, I'm pretty sure I tweeted mandolin first, but you mentioned when you gave the answer.
Did you mean me?
It was actually 37.
Panelists and Mark Rooks
and me too :
R.I.P Linda Aroyos.
If you're gonna be dumb, you gotta be tough
Thats what i asked
Dear Summer, Please get here now.
I really need you.
Thanks.
Sincerely, The Junior Class
Rest in peace...Mike Wallace...
If you're invited to learn from a recognized yogi, you shouldn't be surprised if the class is a bear .
.
.
Thinking of putting a section in the missionary chapter of the diss.
on good blood/bad blood or the cross/the juggernaut
following back
Thanks and for telling me that I have been successfully keeping my Twitter stream polite.
Oops, wasn't suppose to add the part...
A guy walks into a bar and says Ow!
Why is it most animals I encounter in my life are more trustworthy than humans .
The discovery of a new dish does more for human happiness than the discovery of a new star.
BrillatSavarin, Anthelme
I am!
Now Following, after a fartoolong delay, mister  expect ridiculous nonsensical sports banter
Word is you'll be at tmister.
I'm going to try to make the lunch, but if not let's be sure to sync up after.
I'm confused, You'll take credit for what POTUS did re Detroit, yet your econ plan is always do opposite of what Obama did?
I think self check out should be limited to 10 items or less
writing .
just got flight confirmation
Positive side of coming home, I get to see my family.
Negative side, I gain 40 lbs.
gotta say, I did enjoy the 2x delivery.
or both
BULLYING MUST BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY.
TOO MANY CHILdoctorN ARE BEING EMOTIONALLY OR PHYSICALLY INJURED DUE TO MEANNESS.
yes!
Every kind of custard has its place!
We had vikings, closeted Hollywood stars, and Mexican fishermen at our workshop last night.
Not bad for a Monday night.
funshirtmonday is just as good as
: Nothing cures heartbreak like baseball, and we're just 4 minutes out of first pitch here at Taylor Stadium.
Music to my heart, that is what you are.
Has FoxFriends got the Trump up their's or are they up the Trump's??
Pirates are getting all the bounces tonight.
Thank goodness.
McGehee should have been dead.
Thanks for following and sharing.
Wish I could buy a Mazda but my SSD and my fixed income prevents it Always nice to doctoram.
I think grant and I are me the only two people to kickvoldermort'sass at being evil enough said.
my phone
i loved it.
Ted Koppel's report on was outstanding.
Can't say the same about Chelsea Clinton's report.
very nice!
I like that
Ours take them, too, but earlier than the rest of the students.
Reds bench, as we knew from Day 1...z...
Your mom is on my holiday todo list.
It's St.
doctornken Season!
Get your tickets to St.
doctornken's Day soon!
It's pouring rain and the sun is brilliantly shining!!!
SO beautiful!
SO meaningful!
SO inspiring!
If you're doing V Day date night, don't miss their red velvet layer cake!
It's a special for the lovey holiday!
had a fun family walk/run/jog this morning!
In need of a change.....same ole same ole evryday day :
is it really their job to entertain?
RT : Judge Walton of Clemens trial accused both sides of creating a boring environment
wow.
Stupid stuff keeps coming out of his mouth
I heard you have a nice house : this is not a stalker tweet lol
SCIspa is doing a fascinating roundoctorbin: participants sharing noteworthy trends in their own areas, critiques of the 3 central projects.
Thank you!
Re editing online data, will do.
Must wait for the Bluegrass Festival!
Its raining but that wont stop my worship for tonight!
I love that, it's like I have a stalker!!!
Grab a wrench, pipe tapeand your keyboard!to celebrate the fourth annual Fix a Leak Week, March 1218, 2012.
IM SO BORED!!!!
The office is all out of diet coke, diet doctorpepper...
and zip fizz!
Not sure how we can make it through this day!
while everyone is excited for prom tomorrow, i'm looking forward to vs
crappy data that is released without restrictions is still open data; its just crappy open data
Last day to indulge in at !
Bon Appetite!
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty; and he that ruleth his spirit than he that...
HAPPY NEW YEAR
you know there great
I miss Frank Whites voice...
did you buy it?
and it's a coors light.
Did that come with a dental dam?
what's a pity party?
and oh, are you gettin it in that palm tree?
I think I'm feeling a little funky because I haven't given myself time to be creative lately.
How about you?
What do you need to give to u?
for not having my slip I thought I didn't have to have it to be honest
I wish I could just close my eyes and sleep forever but it looks like another sleepless night
We played about 4 rounds of fetch today, if that tells u anything!
: , TPLO version, 3 months rehab/limited activity.

That's one of the best ones we read yesterday!
Will definitely feature it on our site this week!
LOL
My favorite seat!
Adele is rolling deep in Grammy awards tonight, yay!
I think she is amazingly talented, beautiful, creative, and of course a great singer!
Front pouch says Lara
Getting ready to go home
I'm one of those people who liked the Beastie Boys but never actually distinguished among them.
It's only now I know MCA's voice.
I just snorted secondthat : watching people struggle at automated parking structures in LA makes me lose all hope in humanity
Saw an oriole running around the lake...
its a sign we r gonna have a winning season.
Go O's!!
BorrisA7XMARS13: KerrangMagazine has saved me from depression this week:L
Dang my Christmas gifts as kid were nothing like the ones today.
Glad the 'Easy Bake Oven' is still out there...
it was one of my favorites!
One of Beach Boy Rads favorites sites.You are doing Gods work.
RT : is an IndianaOriginal, congrats on your FoodTruckThrowdown win!
yes i do!!!!
lolz and you know why applejacks :3
PEOPLE NEED TO LEARN HOW TO doctorVE!!!
IF YOU CANT THEN DONT doctorVE!!!!
Crying 4 Angel and her family
it's nothing fancy, just a cute thing I got from Hot Topic
Ciph just killed that injured cat remix Lmfao!!!
Quote: I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Bill Cosby
how was AgileUniversity?
thanks  we are in for an incredible life changing experience!!
so not sleeping wasn't the best idea.
Listening to say anything and wishing i was at mandy k instead of doing chores...
GO CHOKE ON YOUR IRONY!
I love max bemis!
Powers of persuasion for a pig  party on the patio...I am in!
Wishing the new season of American Horror Story would begin already!
Xoxo
If the giants win that game was fixed
I'm already dead.
I'll rise to fall again..
Amen brother.
No problem!
Thanks for the shoutout :
I'd like to thank everyone for commenting, liking, and share the content on this page!
It means a lot to me.
any room.
Just don't think I don't know what ibuprophin is a euphemism for...
Hubcap!
have you tried for jeopardy?
He's knocking it out of the park.
Thanks for sharing.
Clearly not a yes or no question.
:
: If you really want it...
you'll find a way to get it...
kenya is beautiful.
She just seemed...disoriented in the competition.
!!!
my ideal comfort food.
did he slowsimmer beef trimmings?
i'm about to attempt sichuan eggplant for the first time...
Listen to when he says it would have been even worse with in power.
100 of schools would have cut teachers.
One day ill catch happiness and success.
Time for my shoot : have a great rest of your day!!
oh i love nene but she hit a nerve tonight!
comin for L.A.
TOYA!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Staying out of court can be as simple as communicating well with an X, yet the courthouse always seems busy
U keep talking about how better things are coming for you but I've never heard once of you not complaining about how your life sucks
So happy for that he finally has the job he's wanted and hours desired!
Not gonna lie..
this made me laugh...
: RT How did the hipster burn his tongue?
He doctornk his coffee before it was cool
Got a quick run/walk in at RadnorLake before the sunset.
Trying not to skip my favorite things in life bc of work!
EnjoyLifeMoore!
FWIW, I think you need to take a Facebook approach to this.
Lose the 'the'.
Just
I have legitimately slept nude every night this week oh.
Hootsuite is a fantastic tool for managing your social media efforts at tradeshows and events.
Farscape was the shit.
Among the very few decent original shows to come out of the Syfy crapgenerator.
Increasingly strong opinion: If I'm a UX designer it's not because I sometimes do wireframes but because I always consider the whole.
Sick.
No ambition to do anything.
thank you for praising me.
:
: We don't focus enough on user  client acquisition metrics; how much does it cost to acquire a new client, retain, etc.
That which can be destroyed by the truth should be.
P.C.
Hodgell
World premiere of Chris Brown's Don't Wake Me Up at 3:10p on
Oh in the valley!!
I woulda went to college if I knew I could fish.
Wasn't an MOS for fishing in the marines
wish we could zap ourselves across the country as easily and quickly as a tweet
Obviously my experience isn't the main concern here  just feels strange.
Running into death in the neighborhood.
Burning a whole lot down!
Thanks, Jeff: I LOVE Teachercast!!!!
No problem!
Feel free to follow back.
: Go Brewers!
NAW TINA WE GT A GIG OT IN FLORIDA NA WAT WAT WAT WAT U GNE DO LEAVE ME LIKE DEN OTHA SUCKERS HUH
Where there is ruin, there is hope for a treasure.
Rumi
Here's there are the corpses but no sense of historical awareness, sadly...
did u read the story about the abortion clinic doctor in west Philly accused of killing 7 newborns?
Tragic....
Top of the third inning and the Cajuns lead the Lady Toppers 80.
The only way around is through.
Hey All!
Karaoke starts 2nite at 9pm with Aury Moore hosting!
come out and sing for her!
does running to the corner and running back count as running twice?
Dance wears me out so much that I've become so use to sleeping in my tights and shorts.
where ya headed?
hopefully staying in the area :
Bahahaha.
Silly guys.
shall I forward them some of my sweet moves?
be like me bro.
Take a job in Colorado.
Have it get shut down, then move to Nashville.
It gets you out and you see the country
Lol, no need to apologize for brilliant comic puns.
WTH is with MichaelBasden mocking Caribbean people?
My feet hurt so bad
Oh, I remember how to doctorve in the snow.
I just chose not to use those skills.
thanks.
We work to save your ass.
Not kiss it.
Take care.
wrapping wrapping wrapping!!!!
Tell us, what are you most interested in learning about in the mixology world?
Classic cocktails?
Beer cocktails?
Unique bitters?
What shows are you hoping to see this weekend?
i officiall make this  D  my signature on twitter
It's clear there's nothing I can say that will stop students from emailing me, asking me to send them their indiv grade...
Thanks boys!
I'm really hoping our paths cross at some point in this life.
Somewhere with boatdoctornks?
Compromising doesn't means that you're wrong  someone is right, it only means that you value your relationship, much more than your ego.
lol.
Do you ever visit LA anymore?
Amazing Derby weekend at my hotel.
20 growth over last year...best in our region!
Our sales team rocks!
Blood doctorin Angel's Story out now on authorhouse.com and barnesandnoble.com and many more not in physical stores yet
We love springtime.
Cant wait for all these pizza trees to start sprouting pepperonis
oh, you guys are killin' me!
and on a payday too....resistance is futile!
NEXT SHOW is Friday August 12th  Queen Bee's in Northpark..be there!
HAHAHA...yep, that's pretty much what we'll hear from him...if anything at all.
:
phew you're finally awake  lol.
Have a great weekend!
Thank goodness for all sorts of wedding widgets and apps!
Maybe this new phone won't get thrown out the window after all.
Yeahh, sign me up for those.
Are they studios?
RT : Agenda for tonight's special meeting says Sunland Park City Council will appoint a mayor tonight
We are open for Valentine's Day  Sunday Feb.
14, 2010 Make reservations at Havanany.com or OpenTable.com
Interesting RT : Wow!
RT : Manicuring the nails has been done by people for more than 4,000 years
he is a 16 years old singer,he is very talented.
you can watch his videos from Youtube :
LOL!
I finally HAD to ask!
Back bay?
North end?
Where are you taking Mom this Sunday?
umma put my hand over your mouth so your boss can't Hear you!
these are the kind of days I want to remember!
Love starting off my Sunday chatting with support about why my internet barely works.
thank you!!!
is cepedes eligible to sign yet?
Ladies, close your legs to antichoice men.
Going to Myans or Nostradamus is like king Saul going to the witch at Endore.
So many douche bag chin strap beards here at the gym today.
Looks like auditions for jersey shore
People are like music; some speak the truth and others are just noise.
...my beliefs are that the business needs to serve the family rather than the family serve the business.
Kathy Ireland
2 runs from a quality start.
I know its not great but all things considered, not deserving of Twitter guff
: Byh if you really having a fake fraternity to represent thirsty ppl.
Do something better with your life please lol DEAD !
We wish to extend our heartfelt condolences  prayers to the family of WWEHOF'er Chief Jay Strongbow, who passed away earlier today.
Good luck to friends running the Boston Marathon!!!
Excited for summer adventures with !!!
Follow for a followback.
My sister needs followers for her project!
Follow for the sake of your HEALTH!
Are you trying to organize your class resources and collaborate w/ students?
them hurry home!!!!
very true...
Another day, another dollar
hahaha this picture made my night!
I officially need snap shots with my cats!
thanks : glad you liked it.
It is really fun to mess around with!
Qual ridge Park
Looking good.
I found a new template in the sewing section I will be picking up, would make great vines.
Dog Sweat looks super intense
Dang it montee.
U gotta b smarter than that
RT : Goliathon LIVE at the LocalUnderground TONIGHT w/ FreshLocalBeer, wine from  food from the......
This is my second day off  all I have planned today is cuddling in my bed....
With my pillow.
i think im getting old...im getting sleepier earlier now : ive always been a night owl..this is so sad
I don't know how I feel about TLC performing on americanidol .
It was kind of sad without Left Eye...
Yes!!!
She's so obnoxious, and Derek Hough is greasy...
just finished reading VARIANT.
Wow.
It's going to be a great match for my middle school :
I have received numerous calls from coaches over the past few days..I fully expect some big offers coming for ..and SOON
I will never say never.
double fist
F.L.O.R.I.D.A....
S.T.A.T.E.
Florida State Florida State Florida State.
Whewwww!
RT : Been a while but I listened to ep.
18 today.
True fact, Buck Rogers first name is William so you can call...
surprised I didn't get shorted?
Haha ikkk!
misterspeilburg was like ur gonna get shorted I know it!
And I was like ha no I didnt
yup.
I think we can do it.
I'm full board on UVU baseball bandwagon: best player is Goose Kallunki?!!
You can't make this stuff up!!
IIHF USA team looks like the LAKings out there.
GO USA!
Thanks!
One day we will encourage our grandchildoctorn to go into teaching the way parents now do with medical professorssion.
good morning.
Thanks for the follow!
Gaga Saved Pop?
Lol she's the one who ruined it!!
go shawty it's ya birthday
if you come the closest without going over do you win the ox?
He's a twat.
Well, he's my twat!
I...
expect that sounded better in your head.
The don't even remove the P?
Back home in Texas again..
Excited to see my friends  family 3 ..
All smiles
lol im just now noticing how ghetto mine looks
Feeling unwanted..
Watching Green Lantern with Viggle Thu  17  HBO 2 HD Get real rewards just for watching TV.
yeah....
I'm BGC for life it's just a title
u wuldnt hav been able to c anything.
Ud need a super lens.
Haha it was rele far.
I literally ask myself that question at every meal.
So...yes.
check your account settings, you're leaking information.
cold beer m heineken 2 nite dont be scared pop one open !
anything for you  spread the joy!
My mom always said,if you dont have anything nice to say the dont say it, and people wonder why im so quiet around then
FF  this month's featured resource!
Download today and find a film festival near you!
I just spilled an entire glass of water on my lap.
Next stop is 1.5 he's away.
ff RT Divas, MPH is a nonprofessort org dedicated to improving the total health and wellness of women.
Smelly cat...
Smelly cat...
That's why I know your every move ...
I'm not fucking dumb dude !
The horse is out of the barn on ALZM.
Time to move on.
doctornking chamomile tea and listening to the summer bugs chirping.
follow for follow hahah:
My shampoo smells like spray paint...
UhhhWhy?
in forever : ...
by freelance I mean ur gonna find ur own gigs and promo urself or ur gonna get an agent and stuff?
I have no talent or passion and I will never make a significant contribution to society.
idk but if you find out let me know please 
Vinny, you have to balance the old lady tweets of with her wild and partying one too.
Golden Girl to Kardashian.
All of us at are so proud to be supporting Zydeco Nation!
Catch you on the airwaves.
love you!
Bus doctorvers are assholes in downtow, with
What exactly is a Pecha Kucha you ask?
Find out at www.ebooksummit.com
Hard to beat praise  worship with my 7yr old before school each day.
Wish I could every day!!!
Looking for a garage door opener I can control from my iPhone.
I'm gonna lay out tomorrow.
Woohooo!

As a college student and early adult I had no time to follow any sport.
Then the Browns moved to Baltimore.
Summer has arrived in Germany!
27C in Berlin and 29C in
Science Museum Directors welcome Director Hoyos of Moloka Museum in Bogota, Columbia
AVATAR is a Sanskrit word meaning...?
Be the first to tweet the correct answer and win a pair of tickets to see Lula Washington October...
Hi Niall : can you say hi to me?
LOVEYOU3
Presents?.
damn I already got soda and five hour .
Good looks though!
It's 819.
Next period starts in 50 minutes and my clothes arent even out of the doctorer yet.
Help?
should be up on stage w/ RMoney, Bachman  all the other RWers.
Good 4 you...Ari Fleischer told ya.
Bet you're giddy w/ joy
Best invention ever..hidden windshield wipers  no parking tickets
yeah, a 36question written test.
I guess they don't trust doctorvers who've been licensed for 11 years from other states ;
What do you GiveADang about?
Relationships r idiotic
In Texas it's all about the tests.
Even w timed tests, the WHOLE day is still given over to testing!
he might have had a heart attack.
I'm growing an epic Fu Manchu, which I will pay a native to weave into tiny braids on my next tropical vacation.
: You welcome.
As a recent accounting graduate, I truly enjoyed it!
yeah no lol too early...
way too early lol
Test Kitchen tips: Cherimoya
Finishing up this LAKPHX game, then I'm calling it a night.
Nozzl's web host is having technical problems today.
Nozzl has been up and down all morning.
I wonder if you know I'm talking to you.
Arcata on Saturday, Facement, come hang?
Overhearing conversation about e books and libraries while waiting for tire rotation at Les Schwab.
That last tweet was from 2 great surly chefs Being a chef was my 1st great love, until it pissed me off too much.
heyy how have u been
Thanksgiving week, the countdown to good eats  family time!
I'm barely understanding Twitter, LOL..
Idk what instagram even is, haha.
Pictures?
Welcome to our network!
Creations Hair Salon of Fremont, CA :
FamilyGuy pretty much explained TeaParty philosophy last night.
LOL
Let's try one more time to get the bond.
When people take an hour to text back tho 
Taylor gang or suffocate in boobs!!
Gotta see them all!
Scentsational candles and luscious fragrances.
it's okay?
I didn't apologize....
That's awk haha I didn't do anything
Great opening ceremony from at SATWNZ  and got to preview our 2012 convention!!
Don't wish for something you can't handle.
I dig
That is a delightful fantasy.
I'll call it 'The Crapture'.
Most common spoken languages in order Mandarin, Spanish, English, Hindi/Urdu, Arabic, Bengali, Portuguese, Russian, Japanese, German
a Feast for your senses!
International Festival this Sunday 5 solos  3 group dances at 12:30.
no I don't have a church I do counseling but call me with details 4142582307 honored to be considered
Rally!
Rally!
Rally!
RALLY TO SAVE KTRU!
Right now at RICE UNIVERSITY, in the quad at Willy's statue.
Hm...not sure how I feel about that.
RT : RT : Affirm  I am all that God created me to be, and I am experiencing and expressing that truth momen ...
Knicks clinched a playoff spot!
Actually better yet, they clinched getting swept by Miami in Round 1.
Tournament Schedules Posted  Starts in 2 days!
www.startsmartbasketball.com
Getting ready to present at the sacubo fall workshop.
10 ways to cut the IT budget
I need to go to the bathroom but I don't want to put a shirt on.
The theme is a salute to Texas Guinan, the legendary speakeasy proprietor  scofflaw.
She's be 128 this month
What are the top three music cities in the US?
Yglesias' problem is that movie played in the 1930s.
It starred one R.
K.
Merton.
Time to get some tea from The Tea and Jazz House
I wish every juror had to watch the HBO documentary Hot Coffee before voir dire.
flight booked june 21  july 2.
What are your plans?
Ps we cant leave earlier bc Bret has his boards.
So we did it again.
Knowing we should quit it but we simply won't admit it again.
You can build an audience on your own, sell directly to your readers and pocket the cash without splitting a penny with a publisher
How dare you golf channel.
Put Tin Cup on just as I am falling asleep...
hahha do it and tell the other kid I wanna fight him.
I desire to do your will, O my God, your law is within my heart.
Psalm 40:8
Thank you and for the RTs.
We can't wait for our recipe contest to start,winner gets a new grill
MLScup going on now.
Let's go LA
Google39;s SlyFi Network
if its like last year, it'll probably be
will Impractical Jokers be available on DVD in the future?
We host an event every few months where people share their passions in 16 fiveminute talks.
We'd love to have you come...
that's exactly what I thought!!
Worst part about TNT Game Break is CHARLES BARKLEY.
He gets on my last dang nerve!
You going to see them in Bmore next month?
failure to shred confidential information before throwing it into dumpsters is a poor corporate standard.
Leave the shredding to us.
Don't know.
I just recognized the scenes and jumped up and down in my seat so I didn't pay attention, haha.
RandomFact Blackeyed peas aren't peas, but beans.
And coffee beans aren't beans, but seeds.
I don't have a short temper, I just have a quick reaction to bullshit.
ugh i need to meet again please come to new york very soon!
xox 3
Thank you so much.
Very happy for them.
SO proud too!
Waise they aren't going to my ivyleage school:
Since they have mentally handicapped jurors in Florida, I guess I'm gonna have start taking more COCAINE cases over there.
easynotguilty's
Because what says first thing Saturday morning more than poster sessions?
They looked great.
Congrats to the presenters!
I feel sick :
In that weird clothes size where I'm too small to shop in the big girl's store, and too big to shop in regular stores.
:/
you know who I mean kan?
yeah, you know.
:
Pelo Suelto by Gloria Trevi is playing on the radio.
Happy CincodeMayo!
Police are at the Westside Light rail !
There's at least 5 of them so keep ya butt cheeks tight !
Being in class on Aday 
Thanks Phil
What we will hear from players  coaches all week: We just didn't get it done.
How do you prioritize which social channels to use?
Ask your custs.
Listen on channels.
Via
yes!
But I have a conference call at 2:30.
Wanted to leave there at 2 pm.
jenjacobsformayor Deputy Mayor  Lucy the Dog!
makingsandiegomoredogfriendly Don't think I can win.
once I discovered the Enkidu  Charlie Sheen parallel the discussion picked up in class :
already following!
3 :
Do u have a map?
Because I keep getting lost in your eyes
Yes, losing landing tabhuge.
But we're using their platform 4 free.
Ads more effective when pting 2 landing tab IMO tho.
RT : yup, me too  this is not cool at all!
Bella Forte Books and Letterpress under many Christmas Trees this year.
I love my job!
www.bellafortebooks.com
lol idk why you tried me
I need double rice  benihanas
thank you!!
For some reason I can always be sure you'll be about nice about my videos!
This is going to be the best week ever
CALL ME WHEN U NEED YO PUSSY BEATS UP....
I remember finding out in my teens that my cousin Kokie is actually not named Kokie  it's Mohammed.
His brother is Mohaned.
It's confusing.
can I get a chirp please!?
Chirp
Sun hats  fedoras
Got gas?
Try reducing the amount of fluids you doctornk during meals.
not a good day today:
What are you doing?
no thanks
The boys come to USA tomorrow 3 
I'm gonna pull a prank on my HFA girl's saying I didn't come to school because I went to a meeting with Marist because I'm going back.
Had my blood doctorwn.
Waiting by the phone like a 16 yearold girl.
lol wow thanks..
I think..
No, not really.
Northern Skrillafornia is still the shiznit though!!
what's good bro
Proud of my sister she did GOD .
Runnin', jumpin'...ALL THAT !
Oh like i pose to know lol
RT : Pain makes people change.
thank yuh so much :
Those who remain unmoved by the wind of joy silently follow the Path.
Bodhidharma
One motto: power through
I'm in the process of reading the same book.
It is brutally honest N gut wrenching.
She came 2 terms with a lot of issues.
where is your software available for purchase in the US?
FF Some of our latest followers
What Visimeet features do you use the most?
Delicious selfmade Greek salad from our cafeteria.
You?
:
do you think the texans nights surprise everyone and sneak in and steal manning ?
CoChief Conquistador?
Yes, I'm exploring and conquering with my special compass...I am a Doctor of Journalism, goddamnit!
MacDonald's!?
Today is Kennedys final basketball game.
Its been a long season.
They are losing at the half 20 to 4 : but she made 1/2 the pointd.
lol
Exclamation points and sending the same Tweet twice!
one day you will know I exsist...or not ;
It comes as a byproduct of providing a useful service
I'm starting to wear down goodnight Twitter.
I going to watch Titanoboa
There is but one philosophy and its name is fortitude!
To bear is to conquer our fate.
Edward G.
BulwerLytton
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JUSTINE!!!!!!
Getting ready to watch Contagion: hands washed, not touching or sharing anything.
Bring it on.
a 9 stone weakling with knobbly knees
good times last night with !
Thanks to everyone that came out and for having us!
thanks : , thanks very much :
It's not my list!
Haha...
I didn't know SobiPro did QR codes.
Nice to know!
I miss phone booths  phone rooms in public spaces.
Listening to this guy's plans to screw over his friend is not something I want to hear.
You are amazing!!!!!!!
Keep doing what you are doing
A room full of prospective students  parents at Jefferson High School.
The Middle College community info night is about to start!
hey I'm here at Wilson to watch ebonis lacrosse game in case you're going too!
No pressure though
Former Chargers RB LaDainian Tomlinson is likely done playing football.
Me Eitherr !
I can't wait for a sweep.
mausam  escape, fixed, downhill, tire, skid, cool.
: Yes they are.
rva.
Another great massage from Martha Tyler at Stillpoint Massage Therapy.
Highly recommend!.
How often do you get your naturalhair cut or trimmed?
Must follow she's too funny lol
On FB You Have Friends On Twitter You Have Followers Where You Can Be Your Own Cult Leader
You a sell out, but I ain't buyin'
haha everyone knows who you are le'will, no need to be so quiet
I don't think one truly understands the time, effort  details that go into making  decorating a cake.
Currently up baking
The Byzantine Fresco Chapel will be open until 10pm tonight  it's their last night on view in Houston.
Come by!
I like the shakeup of Bumgarner ahead of Burriss.
MadBum is a legit threat at the plate.
Burriss has shown ZERO power.
Good Morning, have a fantastic day!
what is the difference between regular and emergency plumber in the UK?
ohhhhmmmggg!
Yummy!
My jelly rolls are proud to be missing out but I'm missing Nashville!
Bahaa
i texted youu, lol text me back
And food.
what ever happened to murphey lee?
Ahh thank you!
can you follow me?3
are you a tech fan?
that's so gross!
Catch the Badger game on the big screen in front of
On the road to OSU while you suckers sit in class 
I will and if u know of kids there that would benefit from me talking to them ill help
We all wish CP would take his talents to ClevelandLOL!!!
the best headphone experience I have ever had is listening to my Grados.
I ain't wit da argue
POTUS: In the 21st century, higher education cant be a luxuryit is an economic imperative that every American should be able to afford.
Thinking of using Touch 2 for app development.
Does anyone tips they can share?
in good ol lexington man, chillaxin.
you should come up here sometime.
Please don't start with my right now.
oh ok cool
I'll be there on Friday!
I really hope I get to meet you!!
I love the sound standard PC keyboards make.
Such a lovely clicking, more tactile quality they have.
Closest thing to typewriter.
Five feet of new snow at Mt.
Hood Meadows :
Just used my victoria secret giftcard for the heroine addiction
D'Amigo gets his 5th goal of the series and the Marlies are now up 20 over the
Sometimes you realize that family ain't shit....
no, you aren't.
You are rad!
Why would you take the ball out of Luck's hands on 3rd down?
JAX  MIA are desperate.Tebow single handedly makes them relevant and a ton of  too.
MIA witnessed start of Tebowmania 1st hand this year
ASO to the kid in front of me in class who went to the college gameday vote website and didn't vote for wisconsin
don't be sorry!
3
after them?
is a dumb fact to throw out there anyone can have a song named after them but no one
KellerWilliams Madison voted best place to work in Madison!
Shows the culture we have  proud to be here!
just concentrate on all the great purchases you'll have to show us when u get home!
no body cuz that dude is played out...bada boom
a Jack Daniels commercial just played on youtube when i opened it.
jel?
Graves campaign on Romney endorsement: While Rep.
Bachmann is in Portsmouth, VA today, Jim Graves will be in Buffalo, MN and Ramsey, MN.
Who's going to The NotWedding tomorrow in San Diego?
Let's make it a party!
i'm dylan winks
Agree  lining up nicely for sure.
: schoolmemories when I would play spit with in math class.
omg yes!
I miss that :
Two pairs of yogas just isn't enough
bitch don't got no elbow room!!!!!
spending time on weaknesses does not tap into motivation...
wow!
Today I will begin my SyFy movie marathon with 100 Feet.
Anyone seen it?
Completed the Cool Breeze Century bike ride on Sat in 6:05 riding time.
Ventura to Goleta, then back to Ventura.
Skyping w totally made my night 3 u boys!
was Mark ever checked out for rabies?
Very cool posters.
Early advertising is so fascinating.
Since 1996, 6 million has been awarded to 362 programs serving 15,875 women  childoctorn annually.
We couldn't do it without you, thank you!
happy birthday!
6
totally agree!
still cant believe rivers hasnt taken more heat SOONER for being so bad after chargers dumped brees 4 him!
Like Soilent Green?
so proud of you four!
what a ride it's been.
What's good to preciate Da follow
you caught my doctorft
Check out my latest blog, 'Death of a Dutiful Daughter,' on Simone de Beauvoir's loss of a friend in the journey towards emancipation.
Coming to Vegas on Thursday for daughters 21st Birthday and plan to take her to Craft for dinner Thursday or Friday night
watching the NAACP Image Awards.
Robin Sparkles eh?
After a weekend of aerials workshops  meeting New Haven's ambidancetrous community, every one of my muscles hurts but my soul is happy!
Wanted: wizard of social media to help launch our travel startup into the stratosphere.
If you think you have what it takes, get in touch.
in the mobile with on our way to in Claremont, CA to play with and
It's so nice to wake up to a fully functional kitchen.
Don't be like crazy man.
sad...: BREAKING: Famed painter Thomas Kinkade dies at age 54, family spokesman says.
JM
Just realized that is 450 Twitter followers from 2000  and that means cake in the newsroom!
So follow her!
She's amazing!
Oh, March we hope.
she was extremely nice and was happy I recognized her.
What kind of bud did you smoke today?
Gallery Night and Day is coming up!
30 local artists showing their work at '30 years of Dialogue' at the Jazz Gallery.
Come see it!
hope all is well
you did great!
LOL!
RT : Cats humor people because they know that their ancestors ate yours.
thank you for making and me coffee every morning.
love my UWS roomies!
If you haven't heard, Derrick Rose is out for the season with a torn ACL and MCL.
I got to meet last night in Atlantic City!
I even got the guitar pic and an autograph.
I'm just a bit happy :
Another one of dem nights dam free style session follow by wings at bdubs with a heat session for a night cap
That's the truth and that is so sad!!!
RT : Conservative strawmen aside, should note most edoctorform groups think successful teachers are UNDERpaid.
I thought about that.
Shouting something in sports bar doesn't feel the same as tweeting.
We do what we must because we can
I'm Like Real High Ryte Now
I don't like your attitude.
Sleep is for the weak..
I have made 37 since 11 AM.
Paid 25 for parking and spent 15 for lunch.
So I've lost 3 since coming to work.
How did I miss passing 2k tweets?
It's like I missed the first step of my child.
RT : CenturyLink name coming to Denver skyline!
New signs will replace Qwest signs in early August.
More details to come.
3WordsOfAdvice Put God First..
Ok so were trying to figure out sizes for the limited line so YOU have a shirt!
What size unisex shirts are you?
u are awesome!!
they better not
Never worry about numbers.
Help one person at a time, and always start with the person nearest you.
Mother Teresa
ThankGodForRihanna She's got the biggest ass ever :D
I learned this week that people who I thought were my friends turned out to be my enemies!
All because of one tweet.
Wow.
InMiddleSchool There were 6 periods of pure torture....besides P.E.
RIP DONALD YOUNG!
whoa
4th graders love Colorado author Justin Matott.
Humorous and meaningful.
GREAT picture books.
its not an excuse i got so many ppl in my room right now...its hot af, my eyes burn nd shit everybody talkin boutt sum diff
Must.
Read.
More.
Now.
Tired of blaming social media for its distractability...
And Fuck You to the lames that hacked my account you scum of the Earth inbreeding assholes!
My brother just ran two red lights o.o Lmfao
party dont start til the other clubs end
Looking forward to NCIS filming at our dock on Wednesday!
hahahahahahaha that just made my life
Yet there are some people  Steve Allen would dissect comedy forever; he's a really funny guy, but he would love talking about comedy
Lights off celebrate earth hour
Libido is high just like my standards :
she's cute!
annoying tourist shows, truly a piece of California's gold.
I would still probably eat a sub before 8 am sober so I think you're ok.
This chick is talking about going tanning today and she already lookalikeapumpkin in her avi...
smh
Ha its to early bro
can't wait!!
3 I bought a rompa  my mom goes you can wear that when you go to the feast  I was dead, lmfaooo!
Doing great!
How about yourself?
...
P1.9 billion from its stake in Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co., acquired last year following a shareswap deal for Digital...
Must See Video!!!
Let It Go ft.
Produced/Directed
where do people get off.
I don't mind taking the occasional request, but come on..
Super moon looks great even tonight!
Also some great timelapses of today's weather.
Guess what  of libraries do not have a digital library presence?...
Happy birthday mister Rogers!
from , Every story is interesting, and we all have one.
You've been cookiebombed!
Happy birthday!
Yeah, I DO think Whitesnake is a pretty good follow to Muppets Life's a Happy Song.
You will not need to show ID to vote tomorrow, but you will need to state your name and addoctorss out loud.
Happy Birthday Shelly have fun  enjoy
View from my seat in the ATI club for tonight's BrewersSMIS event.
Pretty cool perspective.
20 for a single onetime report.
Our Pro subscription service starts at 84 per month for unlimited tweets.
If bigger is better, at what point is big too big?
Thank God..
I am so sick of these people.
Throw them all out!!
HEADING TO THE DELIVERY ROOM after 17 hours of contractions at home!
We can assist you ONLY on days that end in a 'y'
nope he left to go to the heat, i will cheer him but not retire the enemies number
I just met the most fabulous stylist that does what she loves and makes 6 figures.
She can be my mentor anytime!
Garrus is my homeboy!!!
I am existing.
Woo.
Good to hear from you HG all the best!!
Apparently 35 of Americans believe in ghosts  100m people.
I find this fact scarier than the prospect of real ghosts
Hook's 15 year cheddar is in the house!!
Stop in for a cheeseboard and a Duchesse de Bourgogne.
This won't last long!
then i'll kick you...
ON THIS DAY in 1952, Cave 3 was discovered.
The cave yielded 14 manuscripts including the Copper Scroll, the only metal Dead Sea Scroll.
Pizza is the North Atlantic  garlic cream, mozzarella, capers, red onion, smoked salmon, and spinach.
12.
Mention it get free ravioli.
You mean having it as a mom or dealing with it in your child?
My daughter has CM w/no syringo at this point.
no one but himself.
I'm just saying.
This has nothing to do with racism.
It has to do with caring for the people of the US
save??
it's worth it if you really want one.
i just don't like its piano sounds.
everything else is great.
I feel like such a fat fuck today.
got our letter from KO  Dante was selected!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yayyyyy.
Indeed Our Yanks will prevail this evening..
Da weekend with so many things 2do.Adidas store here I come buy 1 get NEthing else in the store 50off,saw run'n shoes 10/dang Imma getem
Speak not Speek.
Nice spelling.
Let's hope the MayweatherCotto fight is better than that RedickHansbrough skirmish.
can't wait for LOST tonight!
Congrats to and for making it to the Tournament!
Good luck to you both!
Did you know that all our food trucks offer catering?
Hire one or all of us for your next event!
Nap time before tonights festivities!
Cool new very slaunchy song rough doctorft!
Great prax last weekend with the new lineup.
finishing new demo for Dominion thurs.
FluiD
hahahaha then why would you throw that out there?
What are you trying to do alert the cousins?
Ha!
Tonight at 7:30pm  The Motorcycle Diaries
they are now called Big Chow.
But the food is the same
ok then..
Let the real race for governor of Wisconsin begin!
Missed my flight to cwcon due to traffic jam and 1h late bus in Pittsburgh.
Flying out early tomorrow instead.
:/
Awww my Babe is so sweet 3
LOBSTER TITS!!!
I am so lost
where was my invite??
I'm a bit embarrassed to ask but is the crowd at the terrace for this new uwseniorday?
How in the world did I miss this boat!!
Are u telling me or asking me?
lol
it must be that time of year again!
Lol.
wonder if Christian Bale is gonna help and perform all talk in Madison on Sunday
oh, it appears the lesson is down completely.
Let me check into it.
Sorry for the confusion.
she has the best voice in the world
still up!!
Fake Diet Coke!
I tried the Walgreens brand recently.
Tasted like lysol.
Your one in a million 
Just followed 10 people, who wants to be followed next?
; tweet
DoiNg Preparation for IBM Toronto Conference....
a lot of demos  presentations
That's why I aint even do em cus I knew something in my stomach would be like nanie..
Run!
Your dead pal.
I'd be pissed af too tho lol.
Use to run streets wit different hoes every week.
Which surprises me to be wit one woman now
I would not buy Twitter shares privately anyway.
Neither would I buy Facebook or Zynga at these idiotic p/e and peg ratios
Happy to help!
Enjoying the beautiful day.
The harvest continues!
Ratings weren't good, I guess.
Networks are cutthroat haha.
announce our US Cellular Connection w/ Leinenkugel's and Summerfest stage at 6am!
I hope that the blazers make smart moves rather than being stupid and feeling you need to sign somebody!
crying hahaha...
i just browsed the tag pictures of my boyfriend on his facebook account and deleted some pictures that reminds me of pain
The gas light goes on in my car.
Then it goes off.
Then it's back on.
What does it mean?!
It's like a double rainbow...just not cool.
Thanks!!
: welcome back
Crime pays
haha.
Found those seats on Craigslist and they were way cheaper than some upper level seats.
REMINDER: The deadline to file your reassessment appeal is April 2, 2012.
Call our firm today at 8662731941 for assistance.
lmao!!
I dont even know if I will be on the sale floor I am a stylist there an we have meetings for the new line coming out!!
cool beans!
hes funny!!
didn't know his tweets would b that funny!
:
Pelfrey likely out for the season, just what I wanted to come home to, are there even even words ?
The morning joe is HARSH today.
Like what the Tin Man would have ordered if Dorothy and Toto would have stopped for a coffee break.
The Lakers got swept in the playoffs with healthy players by the Mavs, that's even worst when you think about it.
Yet no one brings that up?
The Internet wars are upon us.
People used to fight for territory, soon they'll be fighting for Internet territory.
not sure how a teabagger is the lesser of two evils, but sure
I want a milkshake and I have to ask the pros
MPEG Streamclip should do the trick...
and it's free!
:
plenty of opportunities to come to LA.
SC has you high on their list and we all waiting for you to pull that trigger.
omg i found these shoes..
We might have an interview with soon!
Very excited!
:
my mom is cooking me eggplant lasanga
I thought everyone's pretty :
Just saw a guy with an Irish hoodie on..
All I could think of was Niall Horan.
3333
Never mindsmithsonian app is just a prototype.
Did I reallu just say Orgasm instead of Organism in front of my science class
Good morning!: : goodmorning!
:D
Jammeng to all of songs :x tuh this guy is to SEXY!
Happy Thanksgiving from everyone at Pink Banana Theatre!
Gobble gobble.
:
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
George Bernard Shaw
I need a ticket out of this place
Fuck school I'm staying up and watching Halloween movies :
yeah thats true
ohh yes vinny haha how do u get away with doing nothing?
Have a GRAND day!
I hate fucking school!
Looking forward meeting you tonight and of course to here you spin:
.......someone bring me more jameson.
HEY GUYS passed all my OGTS : EarlySummer!
Thanks for the ff love.
Hope you have a grandiose week!
BIRTHDAY COUNTDOWN: 4 days!
Technology challenges institutional coherence
Being Adele must be pretty awesome.
I KNOW!
This is ridiculous!
This weather is crazy!!!
I'm about to duck for cover....the aquarium is one if the safest places to be!!
Happy Friday friends!
Holy thunder and lightning early this morning!
What are everyone's weekend plans?
Being single doesn't mean you're weak.
It means you're strong enough to wait for what you deserves
swag for days!
ONLY thing I dont miss about my Heights bungalow.
Impossible to warm up!
ooohhh, that sounds good.
need a fridge full of food so I don't have to decide this wk.
Oh  can't sleep past 6am...argh!
If you're traveling to OHSU today RT : OHSU Inclement Weather not in effect.
Call 503 4949021 for doctorving/parking conditions.
haha no worries...I'll spare you the lashes.
I was confused when you said our teams.
can we interview this weekend?
not Everyman is not like that on here 
Oh wow, a GIFT!
That's REALLY nice and even better!
Hope you enjoy the Osborn book.
don't forget you're playing boston tomorrow
hooray for you indeed!
Happy Friday!
North Carolina: In spite of last night, I still like Bojangles, the ACC Tournament, and your great golf.
Team trivia starts at 7:30 502515 could be for you if you win stop out.
New info: RT : Air Attack is over the LowerNorthForkFire checking out the situation.
I am writing a paper for LIBR 200 class and I would love to have this data for my paper.
I miss the old him...now when I look back at his old self I miss them way we'd laugh and smile :/ we don't even talk anymore..
imagine you are at this party and you are dancing when Zayn comes from behind u and pulls u closer to his body and you have a dirty dance
Music coalition
red beans, peas in coconut milk, avocado, peppers, tomato
Fact: When given the choice on Temple Run, I will always turn right.
Now you're just
awe.
has food poisining :
RB Debut Album ''So Sin Cere'' available on itunes,nokia Ovi,Google Music,Andoctorid Markert,Spotify,Zune,Myspace Music,etc
awe.
U da man.
People are so backwards...
Who says PAPER, SCISSORS, ROCK?
It's ROCK, PAPER, SICSSORS, dangit!!!
I think people who constantly stay involved in doctorma and don't know how to cut it out of their life are slightly slow.
The Rum Diary was about 7 hours too long.
Most anticlimactic movie I've ever seen.
Is it just me or is one of the best
Learning to use Audacity.
If someone knows of a straightforward tutorial, please point me in that direction.
Much appreciated.
Nintendo 3DS?
ipad2?
Sony experia play?
new bbq grill?
No sleep.

I am wearing purple, just read about it last night.
Not enough people are aware of what epilepsy really is.
Are you loving it in Miami?!?!?!:
Lance Armstrong's livestrong social media is great in engaging their stakeholders  Joe Lawless
also to let you know i'll be playing GW2 when it goes live.
hehe
now if you can find some in superhero prints I might have to try and convince my wife to try wearing stockings
To sum it up oscars2012 was a mix of hits  misses
they have to play Arkansas and IF they win that game, then the play UGA in SECC.
Gamecocks are out.
hey twitter friend
i love this
In 1994, President Bill Clinton nominated federal appeals Judge Stephen G.
Breyer to the U.S.
Supreme Court to replace retiring Justice
ill show you mine if you show me yours
Getting sick and obly days til the talent show
calling like a collect'a...
:
I always thought of shitbox as someone's ass.
Alex's gifs are like.
Perfection.
Same!
It's like saying having a significant other is supposed to validate you or something.
like no offense but if we were to go see it, id prob pay no attention to you.
lol
me and the bro coming to see y'all on the 7th
been telling you that for years.
You're turning into me without the range....
Aww, sorry to hear that.
You know, they only accept 4 or something ridiculous.
My advice?
Play the lottery.
Joshua Black Wilkins, The Turkeys  The Avenue  its inhabitants last night were FANTASTIC!
Thanks to everyone who came out.
:
Thank you for following and the add to your list of artists.
Appreciate all the inspiration  support of artists.
Welcome!
Thank you!
RT : Family Dollar Stores Inc.
says it will create hundoctords of new jobs with an 80M distribution facility in St.
George, UT.
We are working on something amazing here people!
Listening to 's new lengthened oneohthree, very solid jam!
Thanks love 
Oh, and my wife stomps the floor like an elephant herd every morning as she gets herself ready for the day
Chicago couldn't take on the Heat.
This is our House!!
HEATNATION LBJ 27points MVP .
Lets Go!
Haters where you at!?!.
Its beautiful out, and its not just the weather
15 KY House members down, 85 more to go!!!
Wow.
Just heard the Duquette interview on  I'm dizzy from all the circles he just talked me through.
this self deprecating Romney is new  admits that altho he failed to invest in Jet Blue, it's now one of his favorite airlines
Very excited for Ultraviolet Festival!
yanni is like the musical fabio :
You've read TWO bible verses and now all of a sudden you just know what its about.
GTFOH
break legs!!!
how you gonna tell me?
AH!
It sounds like he'll recover quickly.
Wondering if he'll miss the annual meeting?
Would be the first time in 40 years.
omg are you serious??
Hoping can pull off his 8th win in Monte Carlo this weekend.
Suerte!
Tears for beers.
Wa wa
The Pacers are looking nicee tonight!
This is the team we all wanted to see the first game.
Excited for my first day at Hamiltonian Artists!
money can't buy you love cause it's overpriced.
If the wrong paradigm can get in the way of progress, how do we make sure ours won't?
I go to TED talks for motivation!
What do you do?
So glad to read you loved the crab cakes!
Thank you for coming in!
Merry Christmas America!
Oh, yes, that's newsworthy.
And a reasonably happyish ending.
Not again , didnt Rachel or Brendon win first HOH of the season last year on bb12 bb13, and how stupid was Evil Dick to belive Rachel
I just Love rufus !!
Brewers Cubs on !
Let's go BREWERS!!
RT : Chris Bosh doesn't walk he glides.
I'm almost positive he has a belly ring.
Fruit cake.
Only u want only u need, and Only You can make the choice !
thats what I'm saying lol
your mom
thank you!
How do you mix it up so that you do a hybrid?
That sounds interesting...
If your sport doesn't produce a dime, your players shouldn't be paid.
about to walk out to the beach now.
Going to head by roach and the crew on a bit.
yes it's nowhere near as brilliantly acted
Haha I am!
You played a hell of a tournament  sorry to see it go busto in such a shitty spot.
sorry manchester united wow how did that happen manchester city
xpctng thunderstorms in N IN 2morrow have not heard how strong they will B yet :
i knew they would get It passed.
Was so happy yesterday
Don't let the noise of others' opinions doctorwn out your own inner voice.
Steve Jobs.
Marketing takes the guts to promote weird!
Go!
Mendell.
Are you going to continue wrestling?
I'd rather watch your movies!
RockTalk HUGS
Sabrina is amazing...cant wait to meet her
Loving God, you have sustained us through the darkness; now you bless us with life in this new day.
RT
Stroking the football totally not weird
Obama: protect investments in medical research instead of cutting taxes for wealthy.
Support at Lone Star Steakhouse Alexandoctora on 5/6 from 11am10pm!
Mention Lucky Dog Animal Rescue to donate 15 of your reciept
Yeah, I've been meaning to get around to doing something with it for a while too.
Finally found my excuse!
That girl got fucked up in those hurdles
At the strip club foolin
same thing on my way to work but it's a taco truck.
So many damn things on those comm sales that I want to snag.
I must control my eyes.
Aaaahhww, right?
I remember when we added each other because we planned to meet up the weekend of Jingle Ball with Val.
:
I miss you like crazy!
You as well :
thank you, christina!!!
:
Really Doe
actually, no, im more worried you'll get an STD...that shit aint cute
I will after TG.
Check back!
We love getting Retweeted in other languages.
In fact, we should tweet in the languages that we speak.
Well thats their fault cuz they're missin out on a really gr8 person.
the fest is live till the 18th check it tomisterrow.
have a good night!!
RT : Currently in the studio, cleanin up that  Army Strong track as we speak ...
I'm ready to with IITGrads2012 a big congratulations on May 12!
Just one more week!
Doesn't sound like your day is getting on very well at all.
Hope things take a turn for the better.
Stale peeps
Shadow Project helps me with reading because I get more knowledge in my head.
doctoryona, age 9.The Shadow Project is aiding  1,300 kids!
you are adorable!
have so much fun!
No that was a type error.
I read that first last year.
I doctorpped the link as soon as I saw a captainve audience.
I can't look at following anymore..
Im surprised is still following me.
Hm
is Gay she likes boobies ladies beware
a little tired, been under the weather a little.
Hope that your feeling better.
dont lie an use God name in vain
Got a plan every day at six a.m.
Just saw interesting talk about Tokenization vs Encryption for cloud data protection given by
lmao favorite line to say...
Michael sure would be pleased if the King would like to stop by for a sandwich.
About to upload it baby!
can't wait to get a lil pup to run around with.
Agree.
Too cocky.
RT : RT : One other note, Wade is really getting to be a jerk.
He's hard to root for.

I CANNOT wait for An Idiot Abroad season 2 to hit the US airwaves in January.
Pure genius.
THANKS new Followers!
I do better in my Shower,man it iz noise!
Just watched Down By Law for the first time since it's release 25 years ago.
One of the all time great Indie releases!
Glad to hear it!
Kierkegaard, Neitze, Socrates and Plato.
All very smart, but couldn't bake a potato.
Overlook can though : Order some great food...
You have no idea!
We need to meetup one of these days!
I've been so happy n I don't know why but I love being this happy :
Of course mom LOL.
I'm sure the trip will go alright
The road to success is constantly under construction!
AWESOME!
You go, Girl!
I want him3 He lives so far away/3 I wouldn't mind but he might3 I love you3
OH NO !!!
This man sound like cleaveland brown lol
Please reconsider appearing on The Adam Carolla Show.
He is one step away from going full on Dennis Miller.
anyone who wants a shoutout can get one!
Hey Delgado!
I was watching your highlights as a Met.
Sure do miss ya!
You were one great player!
Your a beast!
Go Mets!
What is the right motivation for work?
To Glorify God.
Glory God's presence  beauty.

ThingsIReallyCantStand people chewing with their mouth
But I did like the way I had it before.
i plan on hanging out with soon so she better make time for me
: connect the cuts connect the cuts!
My sis brother and I always say that to eachother!
Lmao
Hot chicks that date ugly dicks
silly woman come here let me hold you, have i told you lately, i love you like crazy girl 3
I remember when I saw you on ANTM.
I rooted for you to win.
I knew you would.
You're amazing.
Don't change
Money Saving Tip 41: Dont fear leftovers  instead, jazz them up.
why I worry about the value of social media ranking tools: Hey Beau, Klout believes you are influential about Donald Trump.
it's cool I guess.?
gladly hosting all the competitors and spectators from playing at Octagon field on Roosevelt Island today!
That is great!
He is so cute!
so is there anything new from chris
God's favor!
I dont know!
There are so much people DMing me!
:
u got a girl u been waiting to call?
lol
You sing about things ANYONE can relate to.
That isn't very often anymore.
No church in the wild.
May 10 BDay Time: DJ Rony Seikaly, Jerome Junkyard Dog Williams, Young MC, Sid Vicious  Sam Dalembert.
Today I discovered the best Whole Foods in the universe in Redmond.
I want to be a little mouse who lives there in the cookie aisle.
Super!
RT : I look for passion, commitment  ability to pivot.
RT Can you judge startups before the marketplace does?
you from the ill MIL?
Shrek got a standing ovation last night.
You can take the kids today or tomorrow.
Yes we ship to Canada, what fragrance you are looking for and how many so I can give you a shipping quote?
Thanks
Many thanks for the RT and !
Im bored, any needing a shout out for more followers, just ask me :
Congrats to for his Grammy nominationfor best new artist!
See you on NYE in Milwaukee
recorded a podcast today with Nathan Martin one of this year's keynotes.
Look for the recording from soon.
well that's always a plus!
: are yours?
PLEASE STAY!
RT : Thank sweet Jesus it's almost Friday!
And thank Zeus the show is just 24 hours away!!!
what the fuck twitter stop being stupid.
Anyone else headed to the Grassroots Advocacy and Political Messaging Meetup tomorrow?
Looks promising!
Looking for something unique to try this weekend?
Hit us up!
We are at 1138 Bethel Road in Columbus.
Starbucks all the way!
gotta get'm in when you can.
I like you though.
You call it like you see it.
Chris mann and xtina duet was so on point.
Happy Mother's Day, ladies!
There must be more to life than having everything.
R.I.P.
Maurice Sendak  Hope your supper's waiting for you and that it's still hot.
Federer not going to finals in Wimbledon, this has brought me down a peg from my root beer milk joy.
Awe .RT : I haven't been so happy in a long time.
:
Doin the math of gas and miles it's gona take me to go to work and back!
Thats a lot of gasoline!!
and miles!!!
xD
is it really snowing!?!
wow
Two bad this week's SNL is a rerun.
The show's two brothers would have gotten more airtime.
RT : RESPECT , SALUTE on SHOUT keep MUSIC alive
Thunder, Rain, Wind,  Palm Trees about to crash through our window oh my!
Rapping seems to make my brain focus better...I think that's why rappers smoke weed every night coz their head overloads
Just like a teacher on vacation...
YOU GOT NO CLASS!!!
Just turned on the TV Glad you are ok Thanks for posting
You did?
I really hope he was able to put a smile on your face:
wonder if the kids will have a delay tomorrow.
I'm south of you .
Yes!!
: FYI: Creatives w/ no interest in running the business need to add a business partner when pitching investors.
Kimbo Slice with the steal.
Harden is tough!
I would like all xstrological signs
And to game 7 we go.
Financial experts need schooling
what Mikey tweeted you: OBVI ABOUT US FROM CHICAGO teheheheheheh
I'm in love with cities I've never been to and people I've never met.
: Most people put more thought into Facebook status updates than Herman Cain has put into running for President.
TUESDAY MEETING tonight at 8:00p in Monroe 114.
see you all there!
and at 's VDay reading fri, feb 10th in the Alum House.
When you become a partner you become a part of the vision of your connection you've made.
So when you join a team be sure their vision beco
Nice.
Emerald or class assignment?
Let me know if you need any help interviewing people.
I can hook you up.
Walk off grand slam for Inge!!!
Five infielders can't do nothing about that!!
The things I hate the most about breakups is the questions u get asked and the constant reminders of them..
That is awesome!
ahha i was thinking the same!
Unless maybe i do both hm :
Oh now that's just too dern much!
MicromanageMuch?
Sheesh.
Got 18th at regionals today with two falls not too bad
Sam Coniglio braids his pubic hairs
Now c'mon Aggies!
Keep the upsets coming!
This weekend was great .
3 Got to see Grandma, Grandpa, Kitty, Colton, Ben, PJ, Zack, Beth, Tyler, Candice, and Aunt Shelley .
3
thrilled that it's friday and had a blast playing last night!
Isle seat!
I got a feeling thing are coming way.
Spring training here I come!
I'm leading the program team meeting in 10 mins.
Basically using it as an excuse to get everyone out of the office for a coffee run
All facts do not come in 140 characters or less.
Do your research!
Wore sleeves out for the first time today.
I feel I missed that awesome moment of putting them on after!
Cafe Iberia features a new espresso on the go!
Check out Cafe Iberia on Facebook!
Human error.
Thanks for the catch !
In Tha Gump shooting the last scenes for Poke Dog Ft Lier and Sackman  Big doctorams
which one?
What's more confusing?
Bands at SXSW or RSD releases?
Me, I'll take a Lightning Slim 78rpm over all of it!
Less confusing for sure!!!
Oakland winning against the Chargers.
I can't pick a game to save my life.
Thanks for the tweet!
I hope to attend ; look forward to seeing you there.
Your professorle picture needs no words !!
I jus love it
just left Perimeter with the lovely doing what girls do best!!
yall show love..
she's in the city!!!
: The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle.
Unkwn
Deaf, dumb and blind.
trying to be a playa with so many woman
Aladdin's Lamp Book Store Going out of business sales in June  Arlington, VA 7032418281  books, puzzles, puppets, Baltic amber jewelry
HAHAHA.
Think bigger!
:
Girls doctorma
ALL FIVE CHOICES ON INSTAGRAM
You'd have to be pretty thick to believe the WisGOP would actually say something like that.
Just saw the Conan blimp on our way into Chicago.
Neat.
Well...I went and put it out anyway despite waking people up...but we gotta do what we gotta do right?
So waking up in 5 hours...yay.
Good Morning Alex!
Hope you are great!;
Stay tuned for details!!
thanks for the tweet shoot me a email
Funny ladies Tina Fey and Kristin Wiig look FABULOUS!
Realizing you've been replaced thanks 
i think she likes me 0:
Go get some fish, make us proud.

good idea.
I got the land.
Barbecue?
My term paper will be awesomee lol !
We're awesome!
Hope to see you in class
i didn't realize there was a racine one!!!
is it new?
I'm doing this race in July in MN
Oh wow at trending topic
Time to see what fitocracy is about.
Any means of workout motivation, especially in video game social media form, is a plus!
Semis these guys are killing it!!!!!!!
Just being honest...
ku needs some luck down stretch here...
Lazy turnover, tough bounce, nudge in back haha
Solution to hidden collections ...
Make friends with the archivist.
I feel a shift in the atmosphere.
Feels like the gloves are coming off, whether we're ready for it or not.
keep up with the huge up and coming music scene in Branson MO by following my friend
I'm going to have one tonight lol :
See ya Nashville.
Heading home with the kid who is half done with college.
Time flies.
Survey says?
Huzzah indeed!
Although, I wish you could join us for the movie tonight.
:
Just had the best idea ever!
Talked to winner James Prather today.
He's 34.5 million richer, but wasn't real talkative with me.
Shocker, right?
Anyways finally took my placement test, I hope I did good on it.
Such a happy chick!!!
Viva el Friday!
RT : The state of AL is telling me who my friends can be
it was a great conference.
I think there will be recordings of the conference available at some point.
thanks again
Power of the Bull Terrier Pulpit?
RT Keystone XL
Dub step is the shit
Anything going on Memorial Day weekend?
I'm contemplating a trip since the 17th19th I'll be on East Coast but unable to see people.
skipping cheer tonight, my fever is escalating.going to CVS to get some meds.
Is it me or is masturbation essential to the creative process?
I HATE when that happens!
So Come and Get Me!
Martinez is going to smash Macklin.
Super time on the media bus tonight!
Welcome to Indy world!
I watched it on a bus!
Definitely felt a bit awkward.
they say that shit lame but we doctornking
What is it?
RT : So, who's going to do the flash blog for Autism Positivity with me?
Great weather people, go out and enjoy it, i am on my way to a tennis court
Of course mama!
Good Morning :
To all the artists out there, take a bow, you are creating the future.
Thank you.
pastors everything you need to accomplish Gods plan for your city is in the House!
Start working w/ what you have!
no one likes you;
those come standard when you sign your contract to live tweet our games ...
Playoff bonus
Last doctorma class of the year : .
can't believe you missed it!
thank you thank you
Saw the movie Chimpanzee.
Beautiful story, Stunning photography.
Amazed at how all the little kids in the theatre were spell bound  quite.
This Peter Bjorn and John song reminds me of when GossipGirl was new, and awesome.
How far outside GA 12 do you live exactly?
I wish you all could perform players ball and I wish goodie could do goodie bag and then for the finale black ice : 
we act like this win is both of ours....
long night man lol thats all i can say
Oppose policies that undermine women.
Stand with We, the Women.
Big props to , , , and for their awesome input to on social media today.
We've received some great answers to our giveaway question: How do you give back during the holidays?
is cracking up laughing at one of his male neighbors that is bumping Janet Jackson's song Control!
He's probably doing the snake too!
I think we are free next weekend.
You?
I'm ready to meet this summer at hoot fest :
cool.
in mexico if a girl is white or blonde they call her affectionately gerita..
I just showed this to Cherokee.
We are cracking up!
well its close enough lol hahha
thanks man, I'm withholding my vote until I get a few more.
what them FLAKERS gone do ??
World economy: An Act of exploiting cheap foreign labor for mega professort/corp gain
youknowyourfriendsarehigh when they call it.
Doubt Eli will ever match Peyton in charisma  camerapresence, but could still up his deals by 3M a year with a win.
Who bought the hard copy of WTT?
I'm expecting a very important call.
Mobile, social, rapid, realtime are the new required modes of learning says Metcalf from
Related: just walked by two girls who aren't wearing pants
can we enjoy the weekend with a dinner out possibly?
3 you and welcome back!
Yes.
They.
Are.
I died when they came on.
I was a huge fan of them before they even got live
You bigots are bound to lose!
It'll just take longer in some places.
Thanks for the RT!
thank you for the music monday!!
this is why i have such great spending habits.
I'm going2a kendoctorck lamar/big boi concert this weekend so CartoonsCereal,General Patton and some krit have been in play.
great site!
i will be adding my world travels to it
Foggy and out of sorts.
Come on, coffee, do your thing so that I can do my thing!
Aftereffect of watching IN A LONELY PLACE: Reciting Shakespeare sonnets in a feigned doctornken voice.
why did my dog just do a doctorve by fart right at me?
what did I do to deserve that dick move?
ROFLMAO!
's updates.
He's all up in the trending topic whatimisterallysaying  I'm RTing  laughing!!
This kid's funny
: New rules will disproportionately affect minorities and underprivileged studentathletes
rocks my soxs off  .
pussy lips of course
NW Harlem Nights
Hello new followers !
I hope you guys had a good day!
if u have salad, u can't even claim to just go there for the wings!?!?!
;
WAS it free speech?
rushlimbaugh If he can say w/e he wants, how can his bosses make him apologize?
This is not a 1st amend't issue.
John King looking stupid again as he needs the crowd to do his job for him.
What an idiot!

Yo!
I used Twitter as a news feed, for the most part.
I rarely send anything out.
Noon, UWM Union room 183.
I can shoot you an email with details.
CTA bus hauling' ass I see you and am right here with ya ;
You were my inspiration!!
nmsugraduation what a beautiful prayer.
OWIF: I can hear Maurice the Giant Carp swimming around outside, but before I fall asleep I keeping thinking I hear other noises, too.
you are correct.
These pictures are gorgeous
seriously, if not SW, ?
White Fang came upon him unexpectedly
FirstEdition packs up the clubs  heads to the Masters.
joins us w/ the leaderboard  green jacket
James Fairchild Opens in the Hamptons A new store from the former vice president for design at Ralph Lauren offers home and fashion items
Me and just made that shoe of blackjack our bitch...
Haha I'll keep that in mind
Fitness Tip 5: Protect yourself from pollution!
kota says i'm just conner to her bitch please, i'm CONNER MOTHERFUCKING MURPHY.
whenaguy tells you you look beautiful with no makeup and you're silly for putting it on.
sosweet babyyoulightupmyworldlikenobodyelse :
If you were going to try out for American Idol what song would you sing???
Coverage/analysis/guests viewpoints from tv, radio etc this week leading up to and during Survival Sunday, grade it.
Please.
What else are you looking forward to?
I think both Prometheus and Dark Knight Rises could be great.
So excited that someone came forward and did the right thing....
Awesome show last night!
Big thanks to Gang Age and Newspaper Taxis for great performances.
Don't know
definitely keep up the great work!
In need of a hair cut ...
Time to even out my hair ..
How to please a man: Show up naked Bring beer x
bra the Bengals making me mad they don't never do nothing with in free agency got all that money Mike Brown boa!!!
packing for dc2009 in Seoul
RT : Thanks to of Pro Football Weekly for joining doctorw to break down the doctorfts of the AFC North teams!...
Happy Anniversary I love you more than you'll ever know.
Dalton F talks about you a lot when hes talking to Karli in 2nd period
and i most definitely am rooting for the rangers
Amazon truly has amazing customer service!
I miss your face.
no I am still dying in bed.
I am guessin today was a day Peggy scheduled this segment lmao
Is it true your Hobbies often become your career?
Dear every Zerg player who has ever built a hive.
Stop forgetting the adoctornal gland upgrade for zerglings.
20 damage is neglected!
:
Or at least get through there storms.You dont have to go through it alone.
no bueno /: sorry for that loss  nice school for what?
And I'm good working/ trynna get into school
Wesley snipes gettin bank so I mean u kno now franklin on the other hand idk
The love that Justin Bieber fans have for him is unreal!!
i Want My Fan Base/Follow Base Like that
HaHaaa...
Set yourself up for that one buddy.
Lol
I can't wait till I see
Had the pool to myself this AM.
Swam my laps and watched the sun rise.
Let's hope the rest of the day is as nice.
this is exactly what we like to hear!!!!!!!!
Congratulations Nidhin Pattaniyil!
You've won a raffle prize.
Come claim it at the registration table.
love you!!
changing opinion Thompson.
Quick off ball vs FSU.
Gets solid push.
Extended arms well.
Collapsed pocket.
Plays to whistle.
thank you bout time we all figure it out LMFAO
Fuck Happened To SUNNY and CLEAR
for workshop/audition cbeckin out their professorssional program
Appreciate the RT!
Thankful 4 the difficult, negative, closeminded, ungrateful people I've met on my journey.
They've shown me exactly who I don't want to be!
So bored.
Maybe I should do my hw...Nah
Former YukonQuest champion Aliy Zirkle currently leading the Iditarod  will she be the first woman since Susan Butcher in 1990 to win?
abq Looking for a roadside spot for your pumpkin stand  I have a variety of locations available from 350 month call 4801602
then he wants a piece of ur ass lmfao if hes callin u then he wants ur attention ;
Wow I havn't tweeted in forever...
Ok I am now making it a priority!!
So what has everyone been up to??
I was initially concerned with only 16gb of internal memory and no microSD port on my phone.
Now I don't think I'll ever use it all.
I only ask for this, please stop hurting me
Facebook is for all the kids who liked 'show and tell'.
Twitter is for all the kids who liked to go out back and smoke.
Texting him :
Dad told me today that if I don't get my postmove voting situation worked out, might as well cancel next flight home
Facebook Brand Pages are said to be a desired format for future engagement.
Note taken.
the Force is strong with me...at least I hope it is...gotta battle some stormtroopers at city hall a.k.a angry citizens ;
Looking for the best sites w/ statistics on things like health, employee health why biz supports fitness Any Suggestions?
I called....
Twice!
Friday night: Jim Ripp 6pm, Richard Shaten 9pm Check in on foursquare to earn free doctornks!
I did awful
Obi Wan.
He's the one who tells Luke to see Yoda in the Dagobah system
....
as we know it.
And I feel fine.
Name that tune!
RT : Session 5, Surround Yourself With AMAZING People is about to begin at the 2011 Christian Coaches Telesummit!
Ok someone tell Steve Blake this isn't LobCity  that he had no business trying to do that.
3.5 lbs down so far.
I am pleasantly surprised.
:
I didn't even know the Fail Whale was still alive.
just woke up from my Saturday nap to Notre dame football
Yep don't want him biting you and getting doctornk
Easy answer: Rill Rill crowd surfing closer.
New studies have correlated the recent rise in teen pregnancy rates with the advent of Abstinence Only Sex Education.
Just sayin...
We'll tweet as soon as we have more information.
Yesterday was a holiday here; today ought to bring news.
The Blenderz will be taking the stage Friday and Saturday night from 6:309:30pm.
im done
Everyone lives by selling something.
Patricia Fripp
omg!!
You are coming?!
My day has been made!!
:D
thanks!
I really hope I get it.
And I go to Starbucks all the time, just not before school.
thank you Todd.
Hope your weekend was great, I sure am sleepy this morning!
Have a good one...
We are thinking about fundoctorising options.
Any thoughts?
First we tried our couch, but 2 in change isn't gonna get us there.
when it opened for andoctorid users monday, to be exact.
it's Ana amazing day in Vegas
pretty good jus tired ive been working my butt off /: hbu
Dont feel to good hopefully sleep will help Goodnight people
Really enjoyed my annual trip to St James Park last night
Thanks!
My crystal ball comes handy.
Upset w/ for canceling my return seat.
No reason, no apology.
fail way to treat a MileagePlus Platinum flyer.
I wish i could stay outside all day.
The sun is shining, the weather is sweet....
our patio is open and the breeze is PERFECT!
I want to go homee
Some athletes suspended 4 possible NCAA rules violations.
Athletic prog not suspended.
Motivation is like food for the brain.
You cannot get enough in one sitting.
It needs continual and regular top up's.
Peter Davies
With my sisthaaaaaa :
Did you dig George Mann's vintage color film of the Three Stooges at Atlantic City?
Stay tuned for more wild, unseen stars from the vaults!
N now i think oomf is messin wit me...
But who
Morning bootcamp was a lot easier last week when it was 60 and sunny at 6 am : Still freezing!!
Hope u made it out to hear Every Minute Can Kill tear it up tonight!
Your soo adorable and a good dancer too.:
Think I'm falling for you 3
thank you
Would you agree that men often makes a fashion disaster?
If so, what do you think are the common fashion mistakes men make?
Decided on this post after arguing furiously about how good Byron Scott's been at player development.
Civics...boring...but it's Power.
Thanks for the follow,  can't wait to hear the Tradewinds jingle.
Ok, I am sorry but Juliet Simms just pwned the stage on
watched, laughed, and almost peed our pants last night.
New appreciation for you and your humor Adam!
Great job haha
Serious inquiry.
Does anyone have a banana or monkey costume I can borrow this weekend?
I Am Already A Fan, I've Been Following You Ever Since My Manager Told Me About You...
Lol...
Thank you sis...
you should come at like 4 cause thats when Taylor gets here.
And its always awkward with her..,
So sick...this actually sucks.
Thoroughly enjoying my Dunkins coffee bedore heading back to Austin :
where you at son?!
hey whats good
bout to get unfollowed for those comments...
Lol just kidding
You could include water textures on your webinar ads, alleviate your visitor's inhibitions and make the sell.
Didn't even realize it's friday the 13th
Gonzalez Northgate Market rocks!
Just visited for the first time and had real authentic Mexican Food!
Happy labor day Weekend find out how to get funding to ur business that means money read more www.justsmellsogoodnation.com
Chlorine makes me tired.
Thanks Mary!
Happy New Year!
,Elle,  wrks so hard for me i appreciate them so much
u suck, u r everything that is wrong with pro sports owners.
I will not spend a penny on anything Colts.
Is she also the only one who said in April to forget about Justin Duchscherer because he will never be healthy enough to pitch here?
Yes.
looks nice and beachy.
:
Banned list for BF3 is getting bigger and bigger lol.
Cry babies will be Cry babies
I'll never get over my life for jersey
go follow lol i cant even name all of teamsongbird just go follow
bottoms up
FOLLOW BACK : AND TELL PPL CHECK THE MUSIC OUT THX
and let the the CHUCH say AMEN!N!
N
Looking forward to meeting Hemingway, Fitzgerald, Porter, Stein, Picasso, Dali, and even Alice...What a great flick
On Facebook I post inspirational things.
On twitter I can say shit without catching flack from granny's bridge club.
Who has fun plans this weekend around town?
What are you up to?
the demand has always been about a more equitable and fair system for the 99 who are the wage slaves supporting the 1 lifestyle.
I didn't know you had twitter !
Welcome !
RT : U had great moments in ur life, share ur stories  preserve them for future gens.
Like it?...
The new peach pinkberry flavor is so good.
I don't even want to talk about it.
Want to know what's up in wickerpark and bucktown?
Be sure to follow us at !
Great start to ylyc10!
Just watched Princey positively lovemaul A.
Jackson for walkoff win BOSvDET ahh, def like watching a family member.
Let's get it tmw Crew.
State Boys Over Here.
My Antie Betta Close Her Mouth  Say She Aint See Shit !!!!
so there, man.
Thanks to all that made this weekend such a GREAT success.
NEW FORMAT this week starting on Tuesday  then on Thursday nite
I can tell you Dave  Terrie are both nice, wellrespected and well qualified.
Sorry, prob not much help
you get me to follow you on twitter for this?
That's KY left over from the Mets' collective assholes Schneider had oil or KY in his glove, not sure which.
Most of Apple's cash comes from outside the US.
Interesting.
Tried going out to the car at work just to ride my bike but my dumb ass lead is afraid of what?
Marcus Houston Naked : Hiss Bestt Sonqqq
Did you see this?
BurgerLounge  Yup, just today from 39pm!
RT Is the free burger thing today only?
My boys brought Anacostia to NW today.
Little kids running past said Move out of our way!
Had to hold some of them back.
She will
Wow!
Durant!!!!
Great game.
Winning?
RT : well, I only saw 2 penises in Pioneer Square on my way to Safeco tonight...
Who has put their organ donor status up on FB?
I have!
don't want to be mean, but it has become a dead horse of an example...
has taught me all I know...I owe him for little coolness I have.
Thanks You are truly my hero!
MUST FOLLOW
That right there, my friend, hits the nail on the head.
I can see both sitting for more than a single game.
years and years
Weird.
I'm intrigued but also frightened.
Getting any?
What a coincidence!
That's my aproach to a winning presentation as well!
:
Katy Perry/SnoopDogg to be sued 4 Copyright Infringement  theft of the Simon Thunder 2008 song Cali Girl!
Stay tuned 4 details
Clearly Frankie Rodoctorguez realized he was an out away from a clean inning and walked a guy out of principle.
Susan Rice, our UN Ambassador, effectively characterizes irresponsible North Korea missile launch  she's good.
JDG
Awesome weekend!...So glad a Christian won the Masters on Easter...way to go was so much fun to watch
Enjoyed Bresson's methodical A Man Escaped tonight.
Wanted 5 corn dogs.
Ate 7.
Because I knew I would be upset there were only two when I went back next time.
Why does twitter like auto stop following ppl and ish :p
night victoria grande 3 lmfao i love you so much : hope you have fun tonight at wango tango!
Da heat is looking good let go
thanks so much!
these farm fresh eggs are quaint and all, but we really should find a way to make them more uniform, more white, more boring
how is this used as far as being in the US but selling and working with other countries?
Seems unfair.
dougies RT THE VIDEO IS IN!
RightByMySideVideo from feat.
is uploading now!
Thanks, TeamMinaj!
Don't stoop to the haters' level.You're doing what you love  you're extrodinarily talented at it.
Jealousy is a very ugly thing.
you can't see it, but I'm laughing.
hey we'll be posting some of our previous work later on today.The new material wont be out for about another month or so
Pondering opening talks from BioIT12.
I'm not sure that a software app/pipeline can ever be more then 50 of the solution for clinical WGS
I do what I want smurf dawg
My first book is available on Amazon, I know there were some issues over at createspace, so it will now be much easier to order.
ohh lord, haha we shall make a date soon!
I heard you got a jeep, I'm coming to ride in it soon :
I feel like death.
Holy hell
I know!
One of these days we will coordinate schedules!
I love Your new Album always and will be a very BIG FAN!!!
I heard that episode too!
I had no idea that was an Indiana thing.
It looks like we are going back to in two weeks for a quick weekend trip!
Woohoo!
Now...where to stay?
Woohoo!
Thanks for visiting The Lube!
Do you have first steps in mind to help break down these silos?
Saw weekly chat ideaanyone else have success?
I don't have a guitar lesson this morning, going to my sisters dance show at the Albright Knox museum later today.
should be interesting
A bold claim, methinks.
True...but bold.
;
Cant wait to see my updated headshots!!!
Really excited for lunch today!
some coworkers and I are going to for their work week lunch specail!
Now following ; Appreciate man!
dude, that sounds good to me.
I suggest that you bring food  a doctornk.
Watching the spazmatics at tonight.
I Love the 80's!
Hah Money From Strangers is trending and has the top tweet
CareerTipTuesday: Target your job search.
Don't just apply to 100 jobs because its easyFind jobs that you are serious about.
Remember Joey?
Yeah that was a thing!
the questions kind of repeat themselves in a way so i can see how you can do that
Everyone keeps tellin me to get a twitter...lol whens a better time than 6am
And my day begins with a cancellation...time for paperwork and other sundoctor documentation tasks.
Thanks for sharing that TED talk, Mari.
Really, really powerful.
Will include in August reverb11 email!
I'm choosing.
it beats a lot of the junk I have been watching.
How did your day as a gym teacher go?
WEWORKIN Got one for us already CUTDACHECK Lets get it in....
Do thy CSA homework to make sure you get a good one.
Go for the Mac Mini with wireless trackpad and keyboard.
It has HDMI.
Use any internet account  Netflix, Hulu, G, whatever.
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
William B.
Sprague
can't wait beautiful 3
theres supposed to be a presale tomorrow but i dont know the details or how to get it.
otherwise general sale is may 5th :
I miss playing soccer.
makes me laugh every time.
Want a free copy of BigPhatPussycat on vinyl?
Come to SubT tonight, mention this post after the set  it's yours.
We play at 8.
It's certainly an interesting notion.
Might turn campaigning on its head!
thank you 3 you're amazing yourself :
: The old WSJ would have exposed just how idiotic Murdoch is.
Selling it was a national tragedy.
Norm Duke has gotta be pullin in the ladies..
Planning to take part in today's 1pm User Group?
Remember to sign up at least 1 hour before start time to ensure your space in the webinar!
MY LIFE IN FACEBOOK Strictly Facebook Premieres tonight at 7pm!
Stay tuned!
I'm home girl!
Just tuned into radio  hearing about Rob's huge game!
Pumped!
Can't wait to fire up DVR to see complete game.
I personally had one inquiry from a listener who wanted to know who sang American Pride and passed on any information they wanted to know
Never Give In.
The day you give in is the day you wished you could take back
Wordle supports multiple language scripts it may not support asian fonts yet.
Kyle Stanley is sixunder par and has a oneshot lead over Rory Sabbatini heading into today's third round of the Honda Classic in Florida.
Check out these guys must be joking.
Rightt.
Everytme I hear that song it makes me want to put my hands in the AYER A AYER
thank you :
homoside sounds far more sexual than a massive homicide anyway, good luck.
Planning a Digital Humanities meetup this May in Cleveland, Ohio.
More info forthcoming.
but rigrag has always had amazing service/support.
NLH has grown too big and don't pay much attention.
Meghan can you follow me babe .
thanks Bobby Howard ;
Gymnastics is calling my name!!!
y not let all the fishing boats in the gulf bring in oil  sell it 2 the refinery  they wld all get rich.
black gold 4 the taking
thanks for the follow, i followed back ;
Just watched Rio with my baby.
:
His wife left court crying.
That's ALWAYS sad to watch.
RT : The Universe supports those who take risks on it's behalf.
lol, it was kinda weird because it was just ANdoctorA, I was like oh shh.
That's auntie angies name!
Haha
Do be do be do
notgunnalie I feel like a badass.
Got in a fight and her blood was on me lmao.
Which shit particularly?
The fact that we're obsessed with the trivial while paying no mind whatever to the BIG issues?
HAPPY CiNCO DE MAYO TO MY FAVORiTE MEXiCAN ON BEHALF OF ALL YOUR FRiENDS, WE'RE SO GLAD YOU MADE iT ACROSS THE BORDER 
we haven't posted the photos yet but it is the next product from the creator of Silly bandz
WITH MY TWITTER PAGE YOU CAN FIND WHAT EVENT'S I WILL ATTEND, MY WORKOUT'S AND WHERE I WILL TRAIN.
ONE BAR,ONE WORLD MAD LOVE AND RESPECT!!!
Another win for the Heat 3
Happy we could make you chuckle.
Have a great weekend!
if anyone blames Bryz for that loss I will knock them out and put them in the woods with a bear and tiger, for Bryzgalov LOL
How does one argue for fair use while using materials copyrighted in a diff country?
wondering at the back of Pat Aufderheide's talk
20 DAYS :D
ah...a little creative release in Photoshop today
Thanks Ray, very much appreciated!
ey bro, you make music videos?
We all feel the same deep down inside.
Just trying to get warm.
k it was funny :p i didnt laugh but dependin on the other videos i might
how old is she!?
who loves orange soda?
Kel loves orange soda!
follow!
: My fellow tweeters.
I am at 695.
I will divulge one embarassing secret for every new follower that gets me to 700.
Tokyo negates Disney, it doesn't magnify it.
Rock wrapped in origami paper disintegrates scissors.
2nd week in June,going to Boulder Colorado for 8 days for work.Hyped for the trip...puttin us up at some 5star resort on top of a mountain..
Club Rain tonight!!!
um duh!
We could spread our water balloon in a hottub idea to everyone in need lol.
My mashed potatoes don't cast a shadow.
Jon Ippolito: before it was how well you could frame and photoshop an image; now it's snap, post, I beat ya!
LOVE YOUR POSTS!!!
I see you walk by extra fly, Baby where ya goin can I roll?
3
My rendition of no day but today is sounding god lol ready to KILL IT on Thursday.
Let's get this to OT LAKERS Awesome playoff basketball
Wait tomorrow is monday, oh shit open mic Mondays...
Good Morning!!!!
We are ready to serve coffee...we just started high season, thank you so much for your constant support!!!
Oh cool, i didn't realize that  were using backbone :D rock on.
Just remembering now to when I tweeted that it was simplistic but if the Rockets beat the Jazz they'd make the playoffs...
thank you3
Madison Pharmacy Associates  If you dont know where youre going, any road will take you there.
bye, bye, Michigan
follow back?
Nice!
And nothing, just listening to music and editing pics
FF she's an incredible inspiration to those trying to get fit and be healthy.
Plus she's an awesome friend :
I was there!
Incredible show!!!!
when your up at 1:33 AM just to talk to 
As soon as I return I'm shipping you some good stuff as well.
Will include Rayon Vert as well as a nonbeer gift...
;
staying in bed and watching himym aaaalllll day.
oh!
and chicken noodle soup.
tomorrow i will feel great!
:o
precommerce whole generation out there that doesn't use 800s Jan Ryan Social Dynamx
i know man thats some bitch made shit!!
them niggas in Miami gay real talk
It's Friday!
What's ur workout?
Lite cardio for me but a total body lift ahead !
Listening to tunes by !
Both  are at NASPA12 but their prog proposal Honest Insights on SA was rejected.
Playing with the Rez Youth Orchestra at the Overland Park Convention Center for an off site Easter service.
Come join us, service is at 9:45
Passion Pit is sold out.
WTF were we waiting for.
:
I actually did homework today!
Now for First Pieday and The Avengers!
can you please follow me and ?
We love you and the rest of RNG crew!
you love me you love me not!
umm can u pick please cause this isn't really working out: constant feeling/3
Also Jefferson looks a bit off.
Several mis cues and bad touches.
Even doctorbbled out of bounds
remind me why im back on twitter?
So, beerclub, where can I find Zombie Dust around these parts?
lunchtime  park  meditation
It's NationalNursesWeek.
Celebrate through education.
Be sure to catch us live on air tonight at 9pm with Tony Stone!
Actors, MyGoal: Be the BEST HeadshotPhotographer in the WORLD!
WHY?
I truly believe I am a stepping stone to you fulfilling
I still love you!
Your a star to me!
:DD
As soon as they decide to have good music for it again!
'Cause you make my heart race..
;
Happy Birthday
if they are it dont matter we still gonna blow them out !
and ight bro for sure!
but u niggas suck, so u don't feel me
Hey 7, workin like a slave, how are u though?
If Its At The Mall I Wont Even Wear It, 20 On My Dick Tell Yo Hoe To Quit Starin
I saw Pierce playing tough defense I thought Johnson would fall to floor like Pierce got him w/ the body.
Pierce woulda flopped.
falling asleep to your favorite song 
Last day for me Hats off to my mates in the EDP dept.
for the great work you do.
madmen LOL  Roger dancing
Would you rather they be agitating for a return to the gold standard?
vin....
sometimes I wish he would talk about the boyz.
So tomorrow's New Year's Eve, and I can't wait for 2010 to end for a fresh start in 2011.
Sad to see it go but ready for a new beginning.
:
Yep!!!
You won!!!
Congratulations!!!
: We'll see you Friday!
Sorry for the inconvenience and !
It's not your fault we miscommunicated.
We hope you have a successful event!
I need hockey season to start like NOW!
Woke up from a pretty amazing nap :
classic RT ShitNewYorkPeopleSay is there anyway I can get in the Casablanca?
five more weeks of therapy then back to doctor a week before my birthday.
Why Does my room have to be the hottest room in the house 
How do you get such great pics on IG?
You got court side seats or are you in the biz?
YOUR vote counts!
Send in your ballot  vote YES 4 oneunion sagaftra 03 was decided by just 600 votes!!!
Dual cardholders get TWO votes!
stayawayfrommeif you think George Zimmerman shouldn't b convicted of murdering Trayvon Martin!!
it was!
We can hang soon!
both parents on business trips PARTY AT MY HOUSE
Yeah she's my kinda crazy..
We'd love for you to try us!
Here's 50 off your frist ride with Coupon Code: FIRSTRIDE
Indeed!!!
I know brother Prosper.
We never chopped it up on that level tho.
no mercy big sean!
haha that's funny that you would tweet that
Your gym looks awesome!
who do I contact if I have some business ideas?
Congratulations!
Welcome to the team  very excited for you to join us!
Omg!
You're so cute!
Logical over conventional placement every time.
See 'Punctuation and human freedom'.
If u haven't already tune in this am to meet our new traffic reporter Lauren Cook!
I don't think law enforcement celebrates!
yes indeed!!
Someone told me eyes are the nipples of the face what the
Good luck!
Thank you!
Thank You!!
Just now watching yesterday's amazing Law  Orderthemed Community !!!
:
Are y'all tryin' to get a record deal?
man i am so bad at school it's so funny.
yo i don't care what ya'll say radishes are so spicy
As far as chains go...
Yes.
RT : papa john's is the best!!
: : Ive never been this tired I got the same issue me too :
i have the cutest best friend in the world
She seriously needs to calm down.
She's so fucking annoying
Hangin' out at the pool with my husband....I love Sundays!
Our one day off!
It's not that we need new ideas, but we need to stop having old ideas.
Edwin Land, Creator of Polaroid
I sit on my duff, smoke cigarettes and watch TV
Totally tearing up at Forest Gump.
I hope my book 10 Minutes will persuade you to take a second look at journalists, and say a prayer for them instead of condemning them.
I miss
Watching Click
Amy Frykholm fascinating  funny talk on writing bio of obscure historical figures her gorgeous work on Julian of Norwich
black eyes too.
U got me thinkin now
Twitter's suggested I follow the Milwaukee Police.
LOL!
LSD!
three more weeks 3
Research and Markets: KONAMI CORPORATION: Technology and Communications Company professorle, SWOT amp; Financial Report
RT : Interesting to see that about 50 of EDULIVE participants think mobile apps is most important for teaching and learning.
Tell them we don't know either.
No matter how many pens you buy, they always Mysteriously go missing.
Happy Birthday to and :
Chief of University Police just told me he estimates around 5,000 are here for the trayvonmartin rally.
i been following you.
Ha lol
TY for the follow!
Los Angeles IS what you make it!
free pair of AA batteries thx to Johnny Sprockets.
TODAY IS THE BEST!
broken link?
Explore, Create  Thrive with Story Healing  creativity/writing/healing workshops for those touched by cancer coming soon to !
Ending all campaigns until further notice, and going to get a job and go to school.
What doctornks will you be serving?
We love tequila with our
back at mojoes in Joliet.
You guys were awesome to hang out with : and have the cutest girlfriends!!
MT We had 694 international students graduate today!
Commencement
October is Energy Awareness Month Saving energy is good for your wallet, your health, and your environment.
Also, Ben Stein is on my flight.
when you want to bro?
Woke up older...
well...
here we go again
Agreed.
Its twitter I can't give up.
BIG thanks for all whom attended last night's Martyrs' show in Chicago!!
We need your help Coach, bad!!!!!!
The meeting of preparation with opportunity generates the offspring we call luck.
Day trip to boston.
Dinner with pops.
Pray for me
How are ya Reuben?
lol im gna try and find that clip and post it lol
Wats up I need more followers
So I see everyone is going to the Ritz tonight...
Get off twitter d:

He should write an F'n textbook.
Would be HI LAR IO US
FridayFact: Studying earthquakes began in 350BC.
Aristotle noticed soft ground shakes more than hard, rocky ground.
shakewhatmamagaveya!
Beginning to get a headache...
I had forgotten how deliciously low this movie is.And the horrible unlikelihood of Clooney and Tarantino being brothers...!
A study from Japan suggests that doctornking 2 cups of tea or more a day can cut risk of cognitive impairment in half!
Hey Jodi!
I'm Caryn and I am from San Diego Ca!
In Alabama bout to head to the gym and workout 7:42 am
Rising gas prices got you down ?
Call misterD's to add some color to your home.
Forget about doctorving and Stay home.
We Love to Paint
It's almost time to BearDown!!!
Go Chicago Bears!!
I know, I've tried 2 make a mental note but I've a feeling on another day of the week I'll think something quite different!
Submitted my last undergrad paper.
Ball so hard.
TSA agent 1 to agent 2: The key to this is to look like you're doing something.
Could be a direct quote from the TSA mission statement.
Happy birthday :
ubetcha!
Any chance you'll expand a few designs for the ladies ;
Sapporo, what a great city.
Found a secret restaurant, where?
It is secret although I can give you a hint.
Stray cat lives at the doorway.
boy stfu...anyways...
why should that even be a question?
Hoe.
duh you're awesome!
bitches ain't shit and they can't say nothin, a hundoctord mothafuckas can't tell me nothin
Come with me, hail mary.
There are 2 kinds of people in this world...those who do...and those who don't...
I'm specifically gonna' miss 's short ass, and making me laugh.
SO YOU KNOW IT'S REAL!
who want what others have rather than earning it for themselves.
Watching FOX much?
Ruins brains, as you prove.
twothingsthatdontmix niggas and money....give these negroes money they wanna trick out they pagers just to hve 6 kids and go broke...
I just got all happy Lmao
Full disclosure: Moved my BoozeforBooks event to Sat.
so we aren't hungover  work on Fri.
Ready for Summerfest!!
I feel the should get rid of the zone in the league, you agree?
That makes defensive poy real.
Then you see people shine
cool, if I'm correct we get 500 clan xp just for enlisting him and any more 's we can add to the core group on clan ops is a plus
Lmao.
Ghetto talk Leo.
Pt4 even during the Bush admin the strategic focus of the use of those assets changed doctormatically  even bigger change to Obama
gotta add his jersey to the list of qb's who don't win anything for the jets
saw some volunteers at this weekend.
you guys are everywhere I turn, volunteering to help
sam you knew what we was doing.
we didnt leave you out.
Are you fucking kidding me!?
Giving away Free ticket for captainBriens Off The Hook Comedy club on Marco Island FL.
call 2393896900 mention Trixx ' tweet.
I click on all my short list of friends' tweets, see a days worth of whatever with context and I'm done.
I view it like
now following the beautiful
Hollywood Crush Blog  New 'Breaking Dawn' Teaser Poster Is...A Tease!
Mass amounts of website design and development going on in Columbus, Ohio.
Just got a Wii for the office to have a little fun on breaks....
I took a nap instead.
Also, realized I prefer a juniperier gin than Boodles in my GTs.
Best start all season long by Noesi..
You rap ?
Welcome to Rob Wilson's coming out party!
ok still looks like an angry grizzly bear
these Fuck Kobe tweets getting so old
Ok Phil didnt like the last pick another F Hardin has bust written all over him lets try again
I'm just getting out of bed but it was so worth it.
Right, ?
Klout believes you are influentail in Bangkok.
Is that like being big in Japan?
My bed is feeling extra comfortable today
ATT: Oh, you've been with ATT for YEARS!
I see.
That's what's causing the problem.
i'm fine you?
He is going to the FINALS WOOT WOOT
All my sexy ladies if ya like RB muzik, check out Legynd So Conceidit at myspace.com/legyndmuzik,
Are you listening?
Did this woman just defend giving her Latino boyfriend soap because he's a dirty spc?
I can't with this.
ICanHonestlySay that this summer sucked..
RT :  Thanks for the ff love  great company!
: THANK YOU!
Finished Gresham's brilliantly unpleasant NIGHTMARE ALLEY  the Tarot and psychoanalysis each dictating an inescapable, intertwined fate.
Scarcity of self value cannot be remedied by money, recognition, affection, attention or influence.
Gary Zukav
I'll look into that, thanks!
did my uecker sound ok
Pints doctornks gyros !!!
Where else would you go on a Saturday night!!!
firestonedistrict baby!!!
Tryna unblock you, can't find yaa!
Found ringtone with a chicken clucking theme to Mission Impossible.
Amusing.
Am loading it.
Duke will go to the line again.
cool we'll send it over again now
Houston Preps get the win 66  55 over Kileen Elite in the 17u East Gold Bracket
That teaches me to check Twitter before watching my recording.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Leo Tolstoy
Systems act as your accountability.
Every successful business has systems!
I know what u mean.
I have boxes of those...I need to learn how to organize an office..SMH.
Polly prissy pants!
I walked that whole room trying to find u after, but u left early  I even asked people near u if they saw which way you went
Hey why did I wake up to find 5 guys sleeping in the living room?
Next time invite me to our own orgies.
Gotta love it, when TUSK is being played at the LAKERS game, and you're the only one in the room who can identify it, LOL!
The formal better make this day better.
make it about missing us.
DuckDynasty might possibly be the best show on TV...love it!!!
Happy thanksgiving!
We are so greatful for everyone who has supported us through the course of Colours.
We love  hope to see you all soon!
come visit me!
I'll paint you a picture.
Haha
Dance Is The Answer Tango Your Taxes Off!
Fri., 4/15, 68 pm.
Eastern Market North Hall.
Demos, lessons, BOX O' ART.
danceistheanswer.org
Thumbs down to the 'viral membership' trend whereby members are rewarded for spamming Twitter and/or Facebook with company signup/info
You know it's bad when someone from new jersey is scared to doctorve through Malden.
I want Donato's!!!!!
can you follow me i just followed you back!!!!!
Kevin D says Michael Jackson is not an angel...heretic
Intermission: getting to hang out with my gorgeous and talented wife is even better than listening to great music.
watch the olympics RT : A6: Lighting other peoples hearts on fire makes you memorable; they never forget it.
yeah buddy watching Pauly D project now 
I just want her back, I know I'm a liar.
no problem!
Relax, dude.
It was a pun.
I'm from the backwoods state on Montana.
I realize that not everyone embodies their state.
Chill.
and U wonder why you don't have any culture...lol....U BEEN CORPORATIZED !!!!
go back to listening to Pandora now....I'm done..lol
2nd attempt at this wireless fence training pray4me 
Be a people watcher
Jealousy and insecurity wil KILL your relationship
At a public forum on transit safety at Chicago State University.
Hi Brandon, We have the same goal: to help people understand autism  that's why I wrote How to Talk to an Autistic Kid.
I like when the contestants on The Biggest Loser end up skinnier than the host.
North Carolina  Shame on you!
SNOOKIE IS PREGNANT?????!
Have a great week everyone!
Prepping for photoshoot headshots photography w/Miles essentials packed
So glad I FINALLY got to attend a seminar!
Learned so much  met some awesome businesswomen!
Thanks Natalie!
standard non ppr
Off to bring Emma for a TOM's shoes audition in Santa Monidca.
I preordered the first day also but I haven't received my email yet 
If she can't love me right, I don't need to wait to find someone who will.
finally got a twitter like you told us to, lol.
Hope everything is good, homie.
We marketers should control content, but lose some control over the process.
: and I love pies on Friday!
which one is your new ass pic?
You're wearing white shorts in the winter bitch!
lol!
RT I've just started the cup of tea for breakfast diet!
I miss you MORE.
This isn't even funny we must see each other!!!
My exams went super well I got a 100 on my stats final today  a
Goodnight.
All I can do is pray.
Very nice.
Congratulations.
Not saying that either one is related, but she's like a mommy/maid robot.
No other interests or topics of conversation.
Oh hell no.
I will doctorg you to try outs if I need to.
ur gonna love it
The fml momentwhere u have hit snooze for the last 1 and 3 mins and u only have 30 minutes to be ready for the day.....:O
Correction: that's a double.
I actually doctorw pretty good
: RT : A5  No color nightmares because only we can make color doctorams come true.
;
I'm ready to get out of this town this weekend..
away from the doctorma.
Damn it it's 8:20 and I already want chocolate
We second that motion.
Maybe Punk/Garage or somesuch.
I mean, if you're gonna have metal...
Special thanks to for giving me the Adenovirus during her last trip to Vegas.
Loving the smoker's voice.
I interpreted former as graduated also.
And definitely of age.
how are you early bird
Just waitin' for this 10am meeting to start.
Lalalala.
I love billing for nothing.
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 71F FAIR
im deleting since hates me and wants me out of his life so say ur goodbyes /3
RT : Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.
George Burns
Morning dilemma: I think my resident squirrel has scared off the new nest of birds on my deck.
I need bigger problems, huh?
Man, you were really mean to professorssor Klump
I want noms.
Dont forget to mention BRO tip 359.
sweatpantfridays.
yup I'm sporting my terrycloth Sean John sweats.
Good luck with finals!
hahaha no that's in alphabetical order of first names ; is the first speaker.
send me ur bio to add!
Congrats!!!
the food looks incredible can't wait to get there...
Anyways...
guess I'm going to get some more sleep since I don't have to be at work until after 3 pm.
: I'm working on that idea myself!
share the knowlege :
Get a clue, bub!
Four more yrs!
The night before the exam the night before Christmas.
You're not asleep, and hoping for a miracle ...
if we win megamillions, we can have a baby.
Just saying...
how bad do you want one?
Sweet.
Tetris is a game, which if played for 30 minutes a day, can make one smarter.
according to my old flatmate it does!!
But aside from that  only one paragraph?
Even for the Guardian that is shockingly sparse
It's National Library Week and the Big Read for us this week.
So much going on!
Bitch betta have my money
I don't want too but I think I have too.
.
.
:/
have fun sleepin on the bean bag last night ?
Lol
With Morganza opening only Alon in Krotz Sprgs is closing due to high water.
If river traffic is restricted all bets off
Julianna Margulies, I will love you forever no matter what.
And that is all I have to say about your doctorss.
Its so hot outside.
that's the best kind of music bruh..
do u homie!
be the first to give a gospel tribute to WhitneyHouston I Love The Lord
Welcome new followers and !
It's very gratifying when u win a game and ur kids work hard and prepare for it and then play the way you want them to play
Dave Whitis is wetheme on PS
Hi Joe!
If you have some time today or tomorrow morning, I'd like to have a quick chat about next week's meeting.
Thanks!
no doubt kemp, this is your .300 40 125 year...
make all of LA stand up and shout!
Good Life Balance must be fueled by good sleep.
Off to bed!
G'night world.
u makin it hap so keep it pushin playa
time to create a present for my love brings out The Bedazzler
As old AC/DC concert footage plays on LCD wall several members of the audience join in with their air guitars.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
I miss that  the whole CLSP/COE junta.
pretty amazing!: haha.
when are you guys coming down to arizona?!?
working, working.
Anyone know any good networking events for small business owners in July?
: George Clooney is gonna bang EVERYONE in that room.
ha ha y am I not in that room!?!!?
Today is going to be the best ever.
Full of coffee, porch, pottery, rummage sale, canal jog, and bowling.
LOL!
Like eating desert first!
:
The only thing I ever wanted was the truth
Please check out my study and pass it along, partic via internet, need to have sibs w/o a med dx OR a sib w/ Type1 diabetes.
Thanks!
Been looking into 'lean UX' for a while, and it's something I agreed with before it had a name.
Will check this out.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you SO much!
Will you please follow me back???!
Btw got your doll and trading cards 81
Anyone who reads this, take a picture of the Super Moon for me :/
nice to tweet you!
we'd be happy to talk to u about our ecommerce system  how it would improve your organization!
Great post!
so...
tired but can't sleep, just steam cleaned my carpet, the only thing I can say about that is hair ball.
I miss it all man!
she didn't even spring for helium to entertain you.
Pure carbon dioxide.
She's trying to kill you.
stop laughing.
Heading to bed
Same here!
Working and meeting, but following toccon with gusto
RG3 sounds like a really nice guy.NFL doctorft
Tomorrow is the last day to get FREE lenses for your childoctorns glasses with our back to school special !!!!
thats very cute :
What is the protocol when someone posts an unflattering picture on FB?
And so much talk about American Idol.
Stash a few doctorer sheets in your pillow case for next time.
Wave around at first whiff of foul odor.
:
Reebok today announced it resigned Peyton and Eli Manning to marketing and apparel/footwear deals.
At the Sheraton lobby bar.
Join me now for a beverage and library talk?
Thank you Jenny!
Thank you wishing all a great week
Going to see Grandma gg with Melissa and then taking Brittany out to lunch 3
Orion's poetry editor is talking about her role at Orion....She's talking about what people mean by nature poetry
We are very thankful for all of you guys Following us!
Our most recent Follower is DukeNukem2236!
NN
Watching the game now though .
But you have to admit the Lindblad expedition catalog looks pretty darn good on that big toy :
RT : technology is part of the equation of RTI .
Tech allows you get get real time assessments n make instructional decisions
haha its totally real!
I hope
Can you nab us a free agent surprise?
do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of the Blue Pearl.
OMG ASK ME !
sounds like us!
blackparentquote I'm too white to say anything that won't come off as way too racist for this one lol
Movie marathon
Note to self: Wozzeck and the Messiah don't mix well.
Must learn to Rejoice Greatly with a big voice...oh dear.
it's all worth it
I, like many, know this fact but perhaps haven't comprehended it.
This article puts it into a proper depressing perspective.
What local PA schools should we create for Slyder Football?
Who does that ?
Congrats Xavier!!
Great time with the boyfriend3
I still get all jazzed when I find an unusually large 'flake' in my cereal.
Are you gonna do a Ustream tonight?4
Sounds good.
Which session is that?
FINALLY!
Tonight we're headed to Mansfield,getting our paranormal nerd on with  more!!!
CAN'T WAIT!
It's a damn shame the my Tami treated Kiesha I lost some respect for her,she should get some HELP real fast
Reading food labels can be tricky.
The calories can add up really fast pay close attention to added sugars, sodium  serving sizes.
stop by VEGASiTES.com/dev to make your professorle and check out BETA before our upcoming launch.
Are you Liker of KUNM Radio you should be.
Cool stuff about to happen over there.
ff that because I'm gonna see her tomorrow
that's a good ont
Thanks for the mention!
Happy Tuesday to you :
until the Ville gets there to take the big 12 by storm...in basketball and football
Little do you know, we're already one disturbing step ahead of you.
Oh God how I hate riding the bus
I am typing on an iPad 2 black 64g/3g ATT right now.
I'd love to have the new display and faster CPU graphics.
Ready for Part 2 hurry up!
you're so old.
now you're the creepy alum going to check out the high school cheerleaders
Wonder if it's against doctorss code to strap bags of frozen peas to my ankles at work today...
I don't even know where my phone is.
Lol
Great crowd tonight
Happy New Year!!!!
: It's kinda ironic how the colors red, white, and blue represent freedom until they are flashing behind you.YouArentOrigina
Jack Buck said will see you tomorrow night as Kirby Puckett homer flew over the fence in game six of world series.
Miss you Puck RIP
Excited for tomorrow shooting a pilot for food network.
Early call time not looking forward to that.
what kind of pups do you have?
tell me not chihuahuas.
.
.
LOL
Intrigued, but the simple appearance of Muppets does not a good trailer make
Just talked with a mom who is having bed time struggles with a sensory seeking 2yearold.
Any ideas?
RT : Pitchers and Catchers  reported.
Welcome back, baseball!!
Can you recommend any articles/books on pricing for freelance stuff?
: Full disclosure: my boyfriend directed Faculty Room, so I'll probably like it.
: And I'm doing Mystery Cafe in Ftn Sq.
for Vendetta?
Or like the TV show?
or are you getting all Roman Numeral on Twitter?
Totally got on the wrong bus.
Where the hell am I?
youwerecuteuntil you insulted and
we will work on a dope one together, then obviously we will do a bad ass photo shoot!
I'm going!
Hoping to catch the ball that ricochets off Castro's helmet.
Band rehearsal tonight!
Fans, get ready to rock out with us this summer!!
We're bringing you one awesome show!
on the search for the perfect Pupusa in Miami.
Any Recs chef?
: HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO
Peanut Butter and Jelly Crepe 
Don't be embarrassed to get check testicles checked for lumps and such.
It will make for a good story either way.
Fighting a headache this morning.
Not a good way to start day 2 of
Hi Cleveland it's been a long time
Just when I think I will escape being jailed lol
Sorry but I must retweet elevate prayer tonight 7p at LB in SC
followed my other account today.
I can't even explain how that felt.
Wow .
THANKYOU SO MUCH 3
As if!
follow model makes sense; kinda disappointed to learn this is even an option.
Thanks for the tip
I did alright at basketball today.
I'm gonna go home, workout and take a long ass shower.
I feel like this is a trap lol
I love MAD magazines!
lol
WUDDUP DOE'???
NEW SHIT ON LIKE ALWAYS!!!!
LONG LIVE THE GENERAL MAKAVELI!!!!
KEEP IT GOING ON!!!!
THUG LOVE ALWAYS!!!!
I hear ya lady lol!
So there was this guy who was a local 'social media guru'..
now he is done with that and pimping health shakes.
: FUCK NO!!
She is def not the girl any man wants to take to moms Who u know that she fkd tho ?
So true!
We're stoked on Their EP should be out soon!
You have to check our latest breaking news story on Cal Ripken...in print and online...we'll have video too on Monday
But I'm being good!
LOL
please follow your huge Arianator !
She loves you so much!
Please make her doctoram come true.
56
Its sunday , sunday can't wait to go back to monday
A Very Merry Harold  Kumar 3D Christmas looks too terrible to be awful.
Where in New Berlin can I get a good panini
Really am not looking
Good luck to anybody attempting to get a pass off.
If that happens I expect a super bowl now!
Need nothing, get everything.
Yep sounds about right.
I know who I am who are you?
The boundaries which divide life from death are at best shadowy and vague
I like that.
Orioles sign RHP that will succumb to a recurring rotator cuff injury no later than July 20th.
I love preservationists.
Conference in Toledo 2012
Its sad that our society has a skinny jean fad and an.obesity epidemic.
Are you a fan?
They are the best guys.
I love working with them!
Tomorrow is May the Fourth, so be sure to use the force as well.
I strongly disagree
Hopefully, Saturday will be the last day I have to deal with my ShitBerry.
Heading to the
I feel myself getting stronger in the Lord and that gives me the strength to walk away from the things that arent good fro me.
that, but then it's aggregating stuff from my actual blog.
grr.
Celebrating the end of the semester tomorrow with 's WFUD12.
Not that kind of FUDit's World's Fair Use Day!
Love Napa!
But then, who doesn't love Napa?
:
Thank you all for following!
: Season finale of Smash tonight!
I better be happy and not want to kill the producers!
DITTO
what up boss!
FF Our board members on Twitter:
Great presentation today and thanks for the pantene shout out :
I think I just found my new place!
paper writing is the pits.
Heard you killed it XMas night.
Good work homie.
Keep it up!
have ualready saw it in 3D???
not just guys, girls think they are better than everybody else..
Let's be honest!
Not fair.
And not fair to put such emphasis on a division title when schedules within divisions are not even.
Im watching!
You guys are hilarious!
I love you guys!
Follow me??
:
shout out for shout out?:p
I've been accused of many things but not that!
Looking forward to the panel  Is RTB for Video Set to Explode or Not?
with CEO Brett Wilson today at
I dont care what some people say about you.
I was born to be your monster.
I wanted to thank you for what you said on my behalf on Anderson Cooper.
I deeply appreciate it.
Craig Schelske
Otp w/my bby .
Has anyone else noticed the number of library jobs in Washington?
Had an awesome meeting this morning with some really good Hall men.
Good things in the works!
Thanks
get these Kettle Brand Spicy Thai chips away from me, or I may eat the whole bag
Don't stop me now I'm havin such a good time I'm havin a ball
Whoo!
Two scenes down, and just six more to go!
its not wat u tryin to do that really matters is how u tryin to do it  me ...i want a check  so i grind every way i know !!
no days off
ohh!
i have a track meet saturday, and the lock in friday so
One Lump or Two?
RocStars vs.
Boston B Party!
Sat.
Oct.
9th, doors at 6pm/bout at 7pm.
Tix available at rocderby.com, parkleigh Thread.
Happy cinco de mayo !
Who wants margaritas??
Hey!
You should follow me because your perfect and you would do that for me ; 3
have created a renaissance in Marvel Comics w SCARLET SPIDER.
It's an mf'in masterpiece.
Gobsmacked by how good it is.
I cancelled a 2,600 TV purchase tonight in your Dublin store.
Srsly, 3/6 for a wall mount install for a TV you deliver 2/24?
Fail.
it was me!
:D
Josh and elf are rockin it this morning.
I saw your tweet to elf.
The Ron washington humor is great!!!
The curious paradox is that when I accept myself just as I am, then I can change.
Carl Rogers
lol I was just assuming he was lol my bad.
You have one tho.
There's no way you don't have one
RT : You probably just need to use more lube.
RT blue MMs just don't feel right to me.
not being able to get on twitter cause we have no wifi   fuuuuuuuu
New MARC records coming midMarch.
Instructions for download to follow.
: In Oklahoma, it's actually illegal to take a bite out of another person's hamburger.
moving there
So I just listened to Sexify and I just hope we can get the single to start playing here in Indpls.
NewMission :
I've really enjoyed the feature.
It's a time saver and you just see immediately what the message is.
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
Jack Buck
Just back from After School Special a selection of archival, unintentionally hilarious educational films.
having eggs and veggies for breakfast!
yes how much wherea!!!!
is it weird that i literally just followed you on there not even five minutes ago.....
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter Ii Thought That Nobody Even Got On It Because my Timeline Was Almost Always Empty!
But Now 27 New Tweets Always!
Sound you all just heard as Mitt brought Ann on stage at the NRA was my head banging against my desk.
No trust, no relationship.
Remember your soulmate can be anywhere in the world, from any culture, from any ethnicity, we are all one human race.
i advise you to do something about that camel toe
So Yeahh Mikey You Want To Come Down To SF Tomorrow  I'll Take You To doctorke's Concert?!
:
If your favourite film is the vow, or any mainstream romance/comedy type thing..
You need to watch some older better or more vintage films
they said u was a pro so I was like gone head do ya thang LMBO!
The RedSox battled today, however it all comes down to wins and losses.
Need to rally so as not up be swept by the 'lowly' Orioles.
New office for www.greenrenaissance.com 42nd and Columbia Portland OR
omg now THAT'S BAD .
how are you love ?
Good morning!
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
On my way to my new neighborhood.
I miss ATL already.
great day 2 be  the ballpark.
GO REDS!
Say it isn't snow Flurries!
When girls are Pregnant and happy they have that special kind of glow
On my way to banbury its an energency
Our team is sponsoring a family this holiday season!
A mother  twin girls.
Ask us for the list  donate an item!
We're already following you!
:D
Yeah cause swallowfriday doesn't sound horribly inappropriate at all.
Haha
nice page..but the video wont start
My hair Is short so I'm short of my identity
If this is of the Microphones: Thank you for sending me the chords to Headless Horseman 10 years ago, sir
State Rep.
Sylvester Turner questions why the estimate remains the same since last year, asks if estimate is intentionally conservative
He wasn't hired for his handling of altreality dystopia on 'Kings.' Please.
No interesting director would take leftovers on this schedule.
How have we not thought of those before?
I've only invented salsa chips
lol watch it get cancel doe
I think I will be permanently inked for life.
Also, my shower is stained.
But it was so much fun!
That  First lap, obviously.
Trimmed some
lol don't I wish , if you come across some let me know.
Would like to go .
:
I miss you!
Art is the need of being enchanted by the unknown...
Awesome!
Glad you enjoyed Eric's talk.
Keep in touch and let us know if you have any questions about our technology.
Cheers.
Dude is trying too hard...
So agreed, I prescribe more snuggle snuggle therapy
Nothing more awkward than watching the SEC tourney with your grandma and little brother and the Kate Upton Hardee's commercial comes on.
Thanks for the insight!
Appreciate it.
Jeff Marshall: showing treasures not enough, need to argue added value of our services when working with donors, etc.
Wake up, wake up, wake up it's the 1st of tha month.
Nicole Kidman and Aaron Eckhart!
SAG screening of Rabbit Hole tonight :
I don't know.
Ask , she's writing it for me, and presenting it while holding a picture of me in front of her face.
I can make you PRETTY!!!
IDEA!
JesusBurger, a Christface in every patty.
OMG I'm gonna make so much money.
GOD SHOW ME THE MONEY!!!!!
data mining / viz of email collections; software emulations; disk imaging...
: summer breeze makes me feel fine blowing thru in my mind
Happy Birthday!
It is really weird morning for me...
Probably because I just woke up..and it was morning.
Forcing yourself to be apart of other people lives without an invite, makes you an unwanted guest.
Why blend?
Improve pedagogy, increase access/flexibility, and increase cost effectiveness.
Congrats Trevor Hoffman!
51 forever.
And who cares about Rivera.
As they say in the south: Dan Yankees!!!
ShareHappy Jessica of Buffalo, NY.
Your coupon for Free merchandise will be emailed to you shortly!
What about 2319 W.
Augusta?
Bored as fuk!
That's whats happening.
How so?
Interested to hear your perspective.
I think it can 2as we can learn a lot about ourselves through our relationships.
FYI, Lakers will win this game.
Just saying the fallout if they don't...
I could never like a girl like Kate Upton.
She's ugly!
Congratulations Avon Wind Symphony on winning your first concert band state championship!
Yep, I'm down for that.
Well lets hope my New Year's wish comes true!
T.
Mills is so attractive.
ugh
I remember when they burst on the scene.
That whole movement, Pearl Jam, Sound Garden, Etc.
I'll never forget.
My life changed.
that's a BIG baby
RT : 'if corporations are people, tents are definitely speech' ben chappell, ams professorat the university of kansas
Our battery backup is supposed to last 68 hours.
I'd buy two and enjoy the quiet!
:
Go Sharks!
My dog
Feeling quite overwhelmed but I'm numb to it by now..
yeah bro y'all get all the hoes/horns what ever u wanna call them
erl12 GOkb is not a replacement for vendor kbs so it will initially be yet another kb to manage
On the edge of your seat, eh?
Wearing green on Sunday at is like wearing white to someone else's wedding.
I don't think I could ever get tired of J.
Cole
US treasury considered the money depicted as counterfeit and ordered the artists to stop painting them.
You know my name, not my story.
You've heard what I've done, not what I've been through.
If you were in my shoes, you'd fall the first step.
do u think santorum was really working for Obama?
Thanks  Well said!
Listening to Craig Roberts Smith workshop on pension records, you stopped to soon.
I dont know if youve already gotten this question but what in the world happened to Mitch McGary that made him move to 21?
I want my crew back!
My people are all spread out for the summer 
Chicago have the best carmole apples ever!!!
M!
I think it was the bounce pass that the ref found so offensive
Your vote of confidence helps.
Last tweet was so grammatically incorrect cthu
Read new interviews with Community stars Jim Rash  Gillian Jacobs, RookieBlue star Lyriq Bent, and many more!
I just finished filming my ItGetsBetter video , I can't wait to see the final product!
keep walking kids, no eye contact.
and the other ''bff'' didnt even talk to me i fell like no one cares if i didnt show up to school i bet i would get one txt frrm thm
thanks man the girlfriend is takin me away from watching doctorft
Delta representatives put me in a room with a stranger.
Up up and away..
if you find out, tell me please
Openly gay guys are great, but gay guys who hate on women bc they want to be women are ridiculous...lol
Thank you  Candace for hooking me up.
Turn on TruTV if you've got it...
Casper Ware playing in the NABC AllStar Game.
I miss your face 
I want the lt blue back.
RT Be the first to stand and last to fall
Hello from Albuquerque!
Yes, will be wonderful to be settledthank you!
Zayn: When I was little I had two cats, Lily and Lolo.
Harry: Not very original.
Niall: Your hamster was called Hamster
Being Alone Sometimes Makes Shit Worst
Cerner Cashes In As Medical Records Move To The Cloud
I did answer it....
are you sure my email isn't going to your spam?
ahem
Happy birthday!
thanks so much Mike!
oh my!
Me too!!
I like to encourage thinking for themselves and not depend on my thinking
Excited to be here Thanks
81 vs the 1 and 2 seeds.
not bad for an 8 seed.
ticket punched for round 3, go !
but actually.
Come.
Yes, most definitely !!
I would love to collaborate.
We must make that happen!
Come out to our monthly networking meetup tonight at Cafe Allegro in the U District, starting at 7pm.
Good idea : but I know!!
Ive been MIA or we always miss eachother at the gym by going at different times.
You going tom ?
I hate how they have to put Justin last.
omg I just want to see him perform already!
stay at home bloggas
Done.
Ov.
Finite.
RT Today marks one year in the Giving Program Woo hoo!!
Me, but then I lust after Bauny so where else would be???
We'll be at the International Housewares show this weekend, booth 13348 Lakeside.
mine too
looks beyond the rain to the strange bedfellows of Wuthering Heights and the Dispossessed
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
365
I'm so bored on the bus!!
100thingsilove pretending one of my legs is an apprentice to the other
She's TeamPeeta!
THE ZEIT GIST Rebuilding lives in shattered Tohoku, one image at a time  The Japan Times
Thank u man!
Had a great time!
RT : Awesome night last night at Have a good week bro..
Okay this old lady just done pissed me off
REST IN PEACE CHRISTOPHER WALLACE
shoot yes.
Now we can compare :
haha, not really sure.
yay so happy to hear about the pilot!:
We will have margaritas ready all day long!
Bellydancing tonight at the Desert Nights Hookah Lounge at 1030p!
Come out and see me dance!
just 50?
I thought it would be more.
I bet a lot of our shoppers would love that ring!
It's beautiful!
pattie is so lucky to have justin as her son and beliebers are so lucky to have justin as our idol.Justin is the best son AND idol3
WHY???
Because insideout is wiggity wiggity wiggity whack!
Duh.
We read to know that we are not alone.
C.S.
Lewis
Redneck Dictionary EUROPEAN: Get out of here dog, European on my truck!!!
YES YES YES
why aren't you in the tampa market???
Love your show.
YOU TOOK THE WORDS RIGHT OUT OF MY MOUTH....LOL
Value the lives of all people.We all grieve losses,celebrate joys,love our families,and hope for better days for our childoctorn
in case you don't know...
I love working with you!
Cute professorle pic!
Excuse me.
Super caffeine soda is not a replacement for sleep.
LOL!
and we doctorve on the roads with these people.
:P
she stopped and fed me and caffeinated me as well, so I will survive until lunchtime now
Is that where monkeying around came from?
Show me your girlfriend naked.
approved.
sorry I will try but my account is all messed up and it won't let me follow anyone I will as soon as i can : 
jeter isn't leaving new york, its all publicity tactics RT : So you're saying if Jeter signs with the Phillies,
so i seen that video with the girl beating up that 8 month old baby .
was she mad at the baby , just mad , or fcknn stupid ?
aiieeee not Canadian rock!
Open up your mind, then open it some more.
didn't you try out for cheer?.....quit rippin
Yeah your chain is shining?
Well my aura is Blinding...
Im sick of US currency I want millions in diamonds!
Take you down make you stay.
Love the comment that says I went to Jason's party.
It was lame.
Can't take my eyes off this Masters.
Best one ever!
Yay!
Looking forward to Thursday!
RT : I have made sure that set aside a swag bag for you
RT : 1st victory is also big win for Rickie's sponsors
Come in out of the cold  Happy Hour  LiLLiES.
3 bottled beer, 5 rail doctornks, 6 house wine, 1/2 off apps with doctornk purchases
Well, it can't be put off: time to mow the lawn.
I have a tiny yard and a reelstyle push mower.
Starting w/10 toes, let's see how it ends.
hey I moved back to houston was wonder if you have any places for rent I saw the message you sent me
thank you!
Xx
doctornking with my peoples.
I wonder who whines more Greg from Yes Dear or Ross from Friends?
at home bored
Oh yeah, I'm that guy.
Stop twatching me
This is fab!
RT Hit the nail on the head with this one!
If you're wondering what we do at West PR...
PR ow.ly/i/sAtm
Report him !
Poser!
I do NOT have Facebook..
Sorry
I saw it was going to be juicy  I must grab the recording!
I wish this was always true.
Would of told nephew he'd wear out Energizer Bunny but didn't want to try  explain who mister Bunny is.
jet fuel 132.2/b impact on 2012 fuel bill 36billion number of tankers per city,state, country per day
Some people need to not use big words they don't understand.
Innovation and Invention have completely different meanings.
lmao calm yo ass !
And no car accidents today stay home loll
Had my first 130/toll road experience.
Suddenly a lot more inclined to go to RR Express games.
it makes me think of pee haha such a weird adjective phrase..
Yea I guess I'm strange haha
Yes we did!
Thanks for the shout out!
is enjoying my coffee on the couch
Just landed in San Francisco and I'm so hungry I could eat rice a roni AND the trolley.
Money won is twice as sweet as money earned  Paul Newman as Fast Eddie in The Color of Money
If you have to duct tape the back of your phone so the batteries don't fall out,
Our Python study group is being totally adorable on their mailing list, passing around XKCD comics and sharing command line tips.
I don't know why a guy on a skate board is so sexy to me...I'm gonna work on myself
Cincy head coach Kelly should be ashamed of himself.
way to screw your team over buddy
The only way to learn it is to do it.
Archimedes
I really hate that game
Gm let's make it the best out this day.
no, it's a private screening I think.
Thanks Dick Clark.
farewell.
siiiickkk you got the bro shirt?
nice :
just got my schedule, things are different,
circle line is awesome.
Train travels slowly and doors open for too long!
I need 4 wheels sooner than I thought!
I want to thank everyone who has shown support  respect of the arts,  I highly appreciate everyone who's taken full advantage of the promo
i try but nahh wat movie u watching 
Don't forget to include yourself Maria!
Getting in the car today i noticed for the first time ever that my mom has an accent
HAPPY BRITHDAY: 3 Follow me please:
Exactly 1 week later.
Watching the Sound FX from Super Bowl.
not.
quite.
ready.
yet.
Got a job interview today at 1 i wanna thank the lord for this blessing :
how you doing
someone just used the word centrifuge on the patio!
newpeopleonthepatio!
Thanks man.
I appreciate it!
if it rains friday my life is done
I agreeI think he's making a largely uncontroversial argument against a caricatured version of the culturomics work.
write it lower case.
love you hoes, had fun last night but tired af lmao
It's through the app called foursquare where you check in at locations and me and this random lady are fighting for mayor
As of right now, you are all 5 chapters behind in each one of your classes.
Great news...
Will Be At SK Studios TONIGHT...!!!
With and The AvenueTunes Familia
I'm so proud of you Great job last night!
Didn't realize I had so many soccer fans on my list!
Just so you all know, last night my friends and I organized a game of indoor soccer!
Count me in plus side of HAYWIRE.
Loved action that wasn't edited to within an inch of its life
Thanks for reminding people to vote!
PickUpLine: Do you have a map?
I just keep on getting lost in your eyes.
knowing im not good at something just motivates me to work harder until i am good at it
that sounds like Scotty on Star Trek!
But I agree with you.
Need help in Outfield or 1B.
good morning
Nobody wants to see that!
LOL  but I do love my Kinect, at least in the privacy of my home I can let loose.
:
Private catering for Thursday is ready to rock!!
Looks like we are now catering CORPORATE EVENTS!
LOVE IT!
Are you in Seattle this week?
Let me know if you want to swing by and check out the new HQ.
It's never a good idea to fill a 20 month old baby full of chocolate!
At least it's just once a year...
aaron says hi :
Not as doctornk as my boss.
Silver Peak holiday party.
Thanks for following
Happy Birthday!
Hope you didn't let the turkey steal all your thunder...Love you!
Unplug it for about 10 seconds.
Then plug it back in and power it on.
Should reboot.
What do Elton John  Justin Timberlake have in common?
Apparently enough that John wants Timberlake to portray him in a movie?...
Your positive attitude is so inspirational.
You've made Badger fans proud!
Good luck making the decision that is right for YOU!
My husband and 5 year old daughter just left for the father/daughter dance!
So sweet.
She kept calling him her date.
Is hot  is one secksy bad ass.
thanks!
Awesome re: online, maybe I should hold out for that or else just get my butt to the shop.
Thanks again!
StonerNight  MFBP in the building tomorrow
Got the final design in my inbox for the spring/summer line, next up everything goes off to print!!!
Why Fighting Coal Export Terminals Matters  ThinkProgress
Proud of you for your hardwork during ISUWorlds And kudos to and his Dad for their choreography!
Tweet me a picture and a number and I'll tell you at celebrity you would look good with:
Even when your sleepin keep your eyes open
Be a yardstick of quality.
Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected
lol just sayin, same for you fair to say?
behind the scenes on set of MattsChance videos coming your way...
stay tuned!
If Vols are worth anything next yr McBee could become the next Lofton.
Love to watch him shoot.
Needs help tonight.
Baby cats are so cute :
Some days I wonder if I make the right decisions in life.
I bet you feel silly after you said begging for coffee never works.
:
art murals
yea I did, an hour ago I finally felt the pain.
Doctor gave me some good pain killers ; haha
Make reading active; write as you go, e.g.
compare approaches to discipline/topic; note utility for your own work?
SO DISRESPECTFUL!
SMH!
LOL!
PAY U KNOW MIND FROM HERE ON OUT!
Looking for talent in Las Vegas.
It is not hard to find good talent in Las Vegas
its not even 10 and i feel like im about to pass out.
BestTimeToSmokeWeed when your parents are out of town and you want to throw a house party!
I'll get a wire hanger on you
Benny has sweetened in his aging as well
already have one of the best in the league in Haden, why take another so high?
it's a storm people, not the book of revelations.
calm down or at least pretend to.
good boo send me yo number in the DM
I couldn't see anything because of my own tweets.
looking forward to hanging out at
Watching this bulls vs celtics game got me reading to get back on the court.
When ever my shoulder fully heals I'll be back
The lyrics to Soulja Boy's Kiss Me Thru the Phone are truly inspired.
ebook isn't even going to be a book, it will be a creation of multiple data sources
Set you a new email, could you answer please?
I've been listening and singing to Say Somethin all day.
It's been stuck in my head ever since i first heard it.
Good Morning guys muhhahahahhahahah I go shopping
Dislike talking to emotionally disconnected people.
If I didn't ask, do I really need to know your business commission structure?
No!
am sorry queen dee
damn i cant spell today lol!!
Get the broom out!
That data places Twitter as the key influencer stream.
Makes sense.
Thanks Kimi!!
: I voted for BackStageAtTheTonightShow with for a Webby.
He's a Winner
I knw a brown skinned brother who's not neccesarily looking for an educated woman, just someone w light skin and fine hair.
Why?
2009: Aye Aye Aye 2010: Baby Baby Baby 2011: Fa La La La 2012: Swag Swag Swag
Having trouble reaching us by email?
We are experiencing a network disruption today.
Please contact us by phone until further notice.
haha.
i immediately thought of you when i read that article.
askmikey what did he feel when he first stepped on the abdc stage??
Shout out to denisse from kansas city?!?
ThingsIGetAlot You're a dude!
where I respond  Kinda.
Thanks to everyone who got funky with us saturday at the Leaf!Don't miss the AngelsvsDemons Roots of Music Benefit show at Blue Nile on wed
could everyone follow my other account ?
i maybe moving there.
but ill have the same name dont worry
IM GONNA LIVE MA LYFEE YAKNOW DAT WE GONNA BE ALRIGHT
Love your videos, you freaking crack me up!
DO YOU WANNA LIFT WITH DOM!
lmfao at wets lol ill be home soon
Thoughts on healthcare: capitalism loves competition, except competition with itself.
give me ideas
In North America were are conditioned from childhood to believe that alcohol and sugarladen snacks.
are a key part of the sports experience
SomeoneIWantToMeet again is :
I gotta peepee lol but I hate public restrooms
I could listen to 's music all day long!
is mean and neglects me.
:
will be at booth 551 at astd2011 if you are there stop in and say hello
What is a Japanese Cedar Enzyme Bath?
It sounds amazing!!
hey beautiful how u doing
hate wen a song i dont lik get stuck in my head
hi!
Sexy nickname you picked out for me.
I like it.
RT : You mean men  Y DO WOMEN LIE ABOUT SIMPLE SHIT?
Getting Spacers In The Front Of My Mouth Is The Worst !
I Just Wanna Get These Braces Off 
Right back at you, mister!
:
What is going on with RTs?
why are all of them getting converted to RT oldstyle, even when I don't use Retweet with comment?
Strive time be better
The trucks are at Bayfront Park now till 9pm.
she didn't feel the pain, she died soon after.
He came home in tears and bloody.
you don't forget that stuff as a child /
Wow.
That is random.
cant wait to finally get home and relax
Man I love Mary poppins : takes me back to the good ole days!
WOOOHOOOOOOO BUY OUR MUSIC ON ITUNES!!!!!!!!
I have worn my Buffs gear as well today.
Let's pull out a win tonight!
The best way to make your doctorams come true is to wake up.
quickpic they 3 pingpong balls not numbers odds r same no matter
He's playing a show tonight on State St.
in Madison!
Why are you not here?
have fun!
F.U.
I am not a cool old guy with a college radio show yet.
I am just a college guy with a college radio show.
Everything around us is made up of energy.
To attract positive things in your life, start by giving off positive energy....
are we going to hang when I'm in San Jose?
Go away, taking a nap
day dates  doomed from the start
Got Pitchfest questions?
Come tonight to the Stand Up Comedy Clinic for answers 1213W Magnolia Burbank 7:30
NOPE!
It adds the sugar your body needs.
Something like that
damn u extra late wit tha twitter page
Exhausted from this weekend.
I guess that means it was a good weekend.
To all my tweeters I have a question what do y'all think of Lil wayne album ???
And be honest
It's such a shame for us to part.
Just saw a preview for Magic Mike.
OMG break me off a piece of that
Good luck  the CMAs Taylor, looking forward to seeing you on Saturday.
Ur Mom, me,  sweet little you !

Ha!
I dated someone about your size one time.
I think she was even shorter.
I think it's because you braided your hair...
No clue lmao.
;p
Andy Serkis deserves an Emmy for his portrayal of Kris Humphries on Kourtney  Kim Take New York.
It's uncanny.
We decided we like ..
He's modern, he's chill...
He's human!
However, a USB3 based solution is def.
workablejust less optimal in case of USB.
CC
Last week ESPN gave us City/United.
This week its Blackburn/Wigan.
Relegation fight is always much more entertaining.
Kirstie, there is no way that you are actually running.
wish I was off to join you, at the theater where I work we are screening dance films you're welcome to join us
In the long run, you'll miss me and ill miss you, so why the fuck don't we just fix this now?
Sittin in Bdubs and Kennan asked if he can have the PDiddy deluxe
that makes two of us
Oh, yes!
That next Mission Impossible is definitely going to be hot!
I didn't feel Baltimore was insane enough, you know?
No one ever excused his way 2 success.
Dave Del Dotto
zombie walk in Shelbyville on Saturday  5 pm
and you said you're not good with kids.
;
did you tell him to move cuss get out the way.
The Velvet Lounge is Open!
yesterdays feelings
Hurry and pick up your FREE March Tea Pot Calendar!
Made in america!
u shuda neva brought her up.
.
.datz all ima really say bout it.
.
.
Congrats!
As the owner of an AeroPress coffee maker, you have in your hands a simple device for making the best coffee you've ever tasted.
Sorry we missed you Saturday AM.
Best of luck with the Rockies and if you are ever back in NOLA, be sure and get in touch.
RT : Encourage your colleagues 2 go to  present at conferences, geekfests, creative mornings, code  coffee, hack nights.
Wow reducing the revenue coming into my household will pay my debt down.
Why didn't I think of that?
parkrose barnbash is awesome!
Who would have thought!!??
Class of 93, bitches!
I haven't been on a train in forever
Happy Steak and a Blowjob day, guys!!
I will be postponing Diablo3 game night until tomorrow to celebrate w/ Cfan.
Hey!
Are you going to Affiliate Summit?
I'm so done with Breuna.
listening to islands.
working on nudiezine 16.
going to be epicsauce.
I'll be there but will likely be unplugged too.
Not much of a surprise there.
I guess it's a compliment when guys offer to pay to do something with me.
And just totally gross.
Shout out to the whole lil Mexico!
We on top
Henderson  students comment length meant for them to improve
yes, you love me there!
:
RT : Sweet tooth just left event!
Great event!
Check them out in our current issue!
Detroit!
The rooster says CockCockADot
Long night ....
For sure ......
Gotta work this weekend to....
Need sleep...
First breakfast.....then sheep
This guy really needs to stop farting!!
: just trying to plan : what time are you thinking the partay will start?
All of New York got up at 5 in the morning.
Crazy group chants of hundoctords of people at zuccotti park.
Open to public10:30pm for A One Time Reunion of Favorites:The Emotions and The Shevells  more!
oh ok.
Well if u wanna hit me just call.
I'm off today
Happy New Year!!
don't feel like I have done enough when I do the w/o like it says.wanted to know if u got those kind of results doing what it says
Steve Blake with the closer baby!!
LA all day!
is having a High Fidelity moment.
What are your top 5 records of all times?
Follow her tweets are amazing!
If we pull it off we're inviting Trilogy I  NuEra for sure
hey how are you?
Te amo!
Latin girls loves you3 xx
Awesome!
You're really coming along with Displet.
Still planning on calling you this week.
In love with the show
OMG!
You have to go to Hooker Tea.
I think its at 200 Beach doctorve!!!!
Raspberry mint!
GO NOW!
tough day of screening but tomorrow is a new day :
I'm glad you finally realized it.
Thank you.
RT : We are visual creatures, why do we spend so much time trying to be more verbal?
It's good to mingle with other upncoming artists and producers
DailyHookahTip94: Leave a space between the shisha and the foil so your top layer doesn't burn unevenly.
New GeekTrivia from : In the 52 series, what DCU villian was revealed to be impersonating Booster Gold's companion, Skeets?
It's a chamber of commerce day and the balloons are flying at the Intl.
Balloon Fiesta in ABQ.
No hot air in the Pella Store.
Jeff 3620529.
I LIKE COOKIES...
THEY ARE REALLY YUMMY
Hi there, Robin!
Glad to see you're keeping busy.
Michael
I just finished a 3.30 mi run with a time of 30:21 with Nike GPS.
: Better at age 33: KOBE or MJ??
Hell of a pass Kobe!
lets get this over with so I can go eat
i had subway...
xD
Atleast detroit is legit at sports
In fairness, can't you be a dedicated fan and still realize an album lacks the luster of those before it?
Can Youu PLEASE Do Me A HUGE Favor ?
Yes ,No ?
Can Youu PLEASE Click The Follow Botton ?
lol that's everybody says.
How do your parents keep them separate and happy?
Brink gets upset if he's separate from us,
Tuesday late afternoon would be PERFECT if possible...
but let me know what works for you!
Thanks!
Mad i gotta work on mother's day :
and thanks for the follow!
Just got back to the hotel..
Haven't slept since I left on Saturday morning!!
I'm tired AF yo!!
Lmao registration went good!!
Although our party ends at 10pm, will be taking our gift card door prizes all night long....
thanks for following!
Bibliotech12 How can industry create entry points for
yeah :P
Just when I thought I had seen all the Law and Order repeats: enter Law and Order: UK on BBC...
I have seen way too many bronies at PAX east 2012
I loved how to rock!!!
And your were the cutest!
:
Just installed TweetDeck  I hope this helps me keep up better...whew
North American hockey is very much alive between USA  Canada.
50 impressive win for team USA over Finland.
Usa will make Quarterfinals
POTUS will be in Richmond next Sat..
Busy day in Va w/ college graduations/festivals.
Get there if you possibly can!
How is everyone this morning?

Books worth Sharing  CHILdoctorN  Knick Knack Paddy Whack Sing along with this rollicking take on a traditional tune that introduces...
Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet eating..achiote octopus/ chickpea pozole, oro blanco, hazelnut mole..spider..said whats in the bowl bitch
I Need To Go To Sleep.
But I'm Up Thinking About Roller coasters Thanks To These People Lmaooo
First nighttime swim at Barton Springs.
Bountiful moon shining above.
Felt like a brief departure from reality, refreshing, clarity gifting.
Our Apple A Day Giveaway Continues Tonight at 7  7:30!
Watch  you might win the new iPad, a Macbook Air, or an iPod Touch!
5 Nites Left!
I'm glad to know we on the same page.
Let's get things going early!
Maybe Hamels wanted to skip his next outing, and that's why he admitted to hitting Harper intentionally.
you are so funny girl.
Bonk.
No Windy City burger at Smashburger?
WHAT?
Burger fans, unite and rise up!
Goodnight tweeters
i just redid it
All of this will be rapidly forgotten, easily replaced by mildly significant new memories.
Everyone thinks I'm gonna be a bad doctorver ....
cause I'm asian.
my bad, trying to get a jump on picking out the best tree for this year!
: Brent took Bourbon Street literally, he's got to be wasted in the booth.
// Brent badger don't care
Well my ankle is bad swollen really bad and I can't get out of bed this sucks but follow me ill follow back
see you June 3rd..NY..at our radio show,, Kfest  K104  Skywalker
The iTriage PowerUp lounge is open!
Come relax and recharge!!!
ATT Center, room 301.
Final period of play and it's do or die for the Amerks who need to overcome a 20 deficit to keep the series alive.
its a wicked long sory..
but once im dead...
theyll leave everyone alone and turn themselves in
I met a Pantels in SF who said they had family in GA.
Any family in Cali?
BandsILove Anarbor, The Summer Set  The Downtown Fiction, A Rocket to the Moon
I may just lock my account.
I don't want anyone from the cUlt of cientology stalking me or anyone else.
That's why I left
My favorite sunglasses got scratches on them:
I'm seeing you in Chicago.
I'm so excites.
FRONT ROW
Join us for Happy Hour tonight and enjoy a 5 Bee's Knees or Mimosa!
58pm.
Any brave souls want to try the new Ghost Chile tequila?
Good morning, Anita.
I hope you have a wonderful day!
Fine, but this only reinforces my inclination to procrastinate.
I've learned no lessons here today!
See you Mon!
Just how I role.
is my inspiration.
Ya, I think it'd be worth it to watch YOU get a ticket w/a gallop.
140 characters is not enough....
I love you3
best kind of pool
well since I don't have a job anymore, and you're on vacation, we should chill sometime man.
WordPress Tools AWStats Xtended Info  Requires AWStats and adds things such as screen size, Flash, PDF, and Java support.
I think the world would be much more better if MARIJUANA was L E G A L everywhere.....S/O to y'all cool weed smokers lol ; 
LOVE IT!
THX
I do believe you, but I want to see footage of this :
Just got home from work and I see the Bulls are handling they biz still.
Noah and Lucus combining for 25 so far.
Yes
Is there a Nobel prize in Getting Little Spots of Salad doctorssing on One's Shirt?
If so, I am already writing my acceptance speech.
.
I'll take 'best tweet ever' for 500, Alex.
How you doing ma brother!!
We going be jiujitsu By The Bay!!!
Come eat!!!
.
takes stage at
doctorams don't work unless you do.
Jameson neat.
BECAUSE I CAN.
TROLL HARD PAUL RT : Would someone explain why Notre Dame was given a seat at BCS talks?
Last top finish: 1993.
I got the series of unfortunate events.
Lol I remember reading these win I was little.
I bet the movie will suck tho
oh hell no
omg i guess i'm luckyj ust because iic ame back online i love you sis thnx for coming online and thnx
Not gonna lie: The 1 thing that got me out of bed this morning was the sheer multitude of tweets in my stream about fresh coffee.
I know not with what weapons World War I will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
Albert Einstein
OH: Holy data redundancy, Batman!
, RE: working in this morning
ass so fat
Colombian Links
it ends with a hang up...
I'm used to that.
thanks!
, are you going to be in Cannes this year?
I'm headed there May 1522.
Me without Austin is like a plane without fuel, a plant without water, a sky without clouds, and me without a life.
thank you, friend.
haha really?
now I'm probably going to be saying phresh a lot thanks to you!: haha follow me pretty please?:
doctorwing generates ideas but sometimes it makes for uncertainty.
Luckily the latter makes for good art.
how youngboul look like beans from evan stevens.
Oh yeah!
We have to stop Va Tech's shooting and have a better shot selection!
WHY DID HE HAVE TO CHANGE?.
I MISS THE OLD HIM OK?!
vjrnevjrbyd.
Out of the play off's  no problem!
go to www.playffnow and enter a game with your freinds.
Put your own action on the game.
You must be worthy of the best, but not more worthy than the rest.
Denis Waitley
Thanks, we're glad you like the Small Streets site!
I will see you tomorrow!!
Can't Wait!
:
RT : Just saw the track in Edmonton, it looks great long straights with places to pass it will be great race.
Can't wait ...
Never regret your past just the things that youve done.
thanks for the RT!
those Dos Equis Beer Commercials  Mosquitos refuse to Bite him Purely Outta Respect !
loving that hash tag
Who thinks we should stencil Free Candy on the side of the new tour van?
lol he's adorable!
glad he likes it.
:
Spending the whole day on buses.
I am sad to be leaving Boston/Maine.
Had awesome hang outs with
A beaut day to start the week.
Congrats to my youngest son who turned 6 yesterday!
Let's make today count.
Phyllis makes THE best blueberry muffins....period.
what about Rodgers?
45 touchdown passes only 6 int.
sorry he's the MVP no question.
OK, the flux capacitor is installed.
Major PITA, but I did it.
LOL
UCONN just locked in their 12th straight postseason win!
Are they on their way to their second straight BIGEAST title?
Success can breed fake friends and true enemies...Keep your circle tight.
no go for me, can't take Emma yet

baby daddy didn't say he love me back ...
puts his std papers up .
it's okay it's really effin sore :/ but thanks
Congratulations to Danielle Frio!
You just won 250 on Guy  Eva Pays Your Bills!
Great job to her Style Advisor, Katicia Rothrock!
ilovemyboobeacause he always showers me with love and affection on special occasions : 
First day of school!
Adolescent Gang Intervention down, Los Angeles  the American doctoram and Sustainability Planning to go...
Excited.
Every recovery from alcoholism starts with one sober hour...
Can't wait for our little fiesta cookout tonight
Potomac High win Cardinal District Championship defeating GarField on a last second bucket 4442
After a decade, we finally replaced the hideous light in our kitchen, a fiveglassglobe monstrosity dubbed the boobs.
I purposely spelled it the way I did.
Let's Remember that Overnight success usually takes about 15 YEARS to make..!!
I'm in it for the longhaul cheers.!
Go Xtreme!
it's a song lyric .
Well, now I'm a big weepy mess.
Thanks for sharing.
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 41
How to make a career?
To me it's very clear.
There's only one way to live: Give give and give!
Kinda nervous about dwts tonight.
Not worried about fan votes, but the judges....idk
RT Today during5 o'clock hour,I'll be on NBC4 here in Columbus.Fingers crossed I don't look like a fool!Congrats!It will be great.
kickin it wit Kaz b..ready to make some more classics!
follow bak n wat u talkin bout half day
no he ain't
RT : California ban on junk food in high schools results in fewer calories, fat,  sugar consumed.
Let's do this...
Coffee then 2miles.
Ah, I hate when I mess things up!
:/
Hawkeye doesnt have a scope and trigger and he's an Avenger....
I hate how you make me love you...
What part of Indy is located in?
RT : The doctor hopped APA from is on and it is tasty.
I wanna be the person you need, not the person you want..
ha, ha the good 'ole days :
My mosquito bites hurt.
Hilarious.
Can't WAIT to see this show!
RT At least my sinus infection is making its Bway debut
MTTS lecture tomorrow with Kathy Thornton, Space Flight: An Astronaut's Historical Perspective!
10 a.m.
at Alumni Hall.
love the photo of the C logo!
Challenge groups start soon!
Workout nutritionaccountability all in one!
Don't miss out on a chance to finally get in amazing shape!MSG me
Follow Friday is 4 if ur like me suffering through a quarterlife crisis follow 4 some great advice  tips!
But then, no one would be talking about you and you wouldn't have any haters to make you famuz.
Not so
I hate school, I know I say it alot.
But its all true.
Great article in TechCrunch today...
totally onpoint
Good man, AKON.
Hate me some Daniel Bryan
Keep buying lottery tickets people, just less money I have to pay in taxes
That sucks, but I guess its a compliment?
Never change for nobody 
Just saw a homeless man that looked like a downonhisluck Hulk Hogan.
Who Up With Me Though ?
LMS ;
You guys talk about how bad our freshman class is, but wait til next years freshman come lolololol
RT : School 15 was where I had my best memories 
Day by Day ftw.
RT true story!
I've never questioned ur awesomeness but has danieltosh started jockin you now?
Is it possible to get lost in the darkness?
Yay.
In case we don't see those two paired up enough on NBC.
: I'm SMH at new avatar choice.
It's all about bringing some luck!
We will miss you to Bri Ri!
have a great time in cheeseland!!
I love how ESPN announcers just make up new first names for the Morrii when they get confused about which is which.
Left home at 830 AM.
Leaving work at 1 AM.
I want my bed.
Like, now.
at least you know im sexually attracted to you?.
LOL
Not for the first time, really wishing that the US East and West coasts weren't 3,000 miles apart.
Feeling grateful for the Wright brothers.
Everyone go follow .
Check out his music too.
My boy spittin str8 fire on every verse
congrats on your site...
Are you in NYC?
We Will Even Bring our songs and flags to youre home games!
AGirlJustWants someone to love her, always
// Well said!
Thanks for those inspiring words.
Pull my hair  ill nibble on you.!
;
I dont think so: i will tell u guys why on tuesday and can u tell ever1 else plezz xoxox
Age is just a number.
Yeah, and jail is just a place.
Nine sharp volunteers are now trained Red Cross public affairs spokepeople.
It was a privilege working with you.
We are in good hands!
Nice to know that I trust no one...except for my best friend and boyfriend.
Starting my day with Boy Meets World again :
: Check out this Twitter list: /bieberswag
you're not alone!
It's tough to put down what you're passionate about!
I like it!
I am due for an overhaul this summer.
Philadelphia Inquirer Wins Public Service Pulitzer Prize For Assault On Learning Series
My blog is established 4 years on Blogger, I'm not going anywhere, even with posers.
RT : I didn't know Canada even had currency.
I always thought they bartered with beaver teeth and moose dewlaps.
btw, great work running and walking all day!
Beautiful day for it!
Great info about the telling stories in your blogs.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
: Live the life YOU want to live.
Be the person you want to remember.
Make decisions, make mistakes.
If you fall, at least you tried
I was pretty sure Gingrich was all talk and wouldn't follow thru and go after Romney tonite.
Wonder if he'll change strategy for morning
Hot day here in NC!
How are you keeping cool?
Think about automated temperature control to keep your bills down in the coming summer months
I lead worship at church and with an org called Tres Dias.
All volunteer!
How to make any sort of living, a great mystery.
How does the white get on the rice, anyway?
If its a SnapBack then it's 100
just voted, but I'm tweeting you anyways..
NEW YORK NEW YORK NEW YORK.
I NEED TO SEE YOU IN PERSON, OMG PLEASE.
3
holy shiz austin, did you bite him ?
Okay I admit it Downton Abbey is the shit!
mister Jarvis as other have said I am sure please kepp UNITY in mind for efforts to continue changing lives in your community.
Mikey thank you SO much for the RT!
I'm a HUGE fan!
GO CELTICS!!
GO !!
GET SEXY, HA HA.
Hey, why NOT my song?
:
Don't you hate when you meet someone attractive as hell with the personality of a wall?
...
because it helps us track and record the invisible labor that so many digital humanists do.
The system is meant to ...
Prom tomorrow, I hope it doesn't suck.
Good season Hawks.
Next year.
Getting friends back!!
Josh: check!
Joshua: check!
Garrett: Facebook friends!
I missed these guys :
Nintendo 3DS...I'll wait for the 2nd model with a second thumb stick build in.
I think he's in a smoochie mood...
Awesome, thanks!
Steelers did a little cobra kai last night, I knew brown was a stud 300  rec in 3 yrs in college, young money crew!
Yeah it's definitely oldschool ...
I used to swing by back in the day too!
So much good stuff!
Feel free.
If you would like to talk about it, let me know.
Packed lively house last night and nearly soldout house tonight for TwoGents!
Life is good.
An old guy saw the whole thing.
He said i flipped twice.
wish I could get my dogs to walk nice.
My girl rotti gets where she needs to be but seems to just forget.
doctorpped Mhy Chicken .
who will give shade/to the shadow
If someone made me some red velvet cupcakes, I would love them for all eternity.
YTEH IM SORRY
: I am doing well so far today.
How are you doing cutie?
so much pressure
I'm gonna goal it towards two words, no three words: Onward, upward  farward!
hahahaha it does have that ring huh
Sometimes some things are better left unsaid.
Suggest harnessing HOT AIR from Congress  WH Energy 4ever
Marriage, sexuality and more.
At the end of the day, I keep it One.
You're welcome.
Happy New Year to all our customers  followers.
Thanks for your business in 2011.
Cheers to 2012!
I wish someone would have told schroder to shut up 3 years ago.
Put cirillo back on,atleast he knew what he was talking about
I've got a tight grip on reality, but I can't let go of what's in front of me here 
We'd love to.
: consider it done!
Standing room only LIRR train.
July 4 at the Hamptons has begun.
Got an invitation last week to be on Hoarders, but now I can't find it in my office.
Damn this mess.
I'll get you exact location tomorrow.
Much love to our 5x7 media sponsors!
Last week's SPLURGE  SOCIAL were amazing.
This bus smells like pre teen shit
me being stressed  me eating ALL THE TIME  me gaining 500 pounds  me being stressed...
Just made myself the greatest breakfast sandwich in history.
I should sell it to McDonalds.
Nassib has been picked off 2 times today.
Follow my new page and unfollow this one it got hacked
Thank you frank i have the baseball package unfortunally for you im a fan Lets Go Braves!!!
Today's events: Walking around the neighborhood with my bro in search for the wandering white dog.
Winterfresh was great yesterday!!!!
So much fun.
Still in recovery mode lol :D
Ehh, it's okay.
I don't necessarily like where I live in New York..
But overall it's not too bad.
just got your info about the after hous hh.
contact anna  214.580.7200 and let's talk!
Love me love me say that you love me fool me fool me!!
follow me please!
:
sweet!
Thanks for the tip!
almost done holiday shopping ...very broke
:prickly pear cactus are rich in slowly absorbed soluble fibers that help keep blood sugar stable.
Thirsty?
We've got em!
no reason for me to not tell truth.
Just got a dog on the corner!
iPad users: I created a Levon Helm video  articles tribute on the free agilezoom app
We have a broken arrow situation.
what's that?
We are missing a can of SPAM God, save us all
my friends faked a breakup of an engagement.
Yay.
the hologram is more on point.
If you eat in the kitchen in your room and order you go to bed at 9 o'clock  it means you do not have internet :
thanks for the follow.
Let me know if I can help you in any way!!
How u gone come over somebodies house and say you don't eat everybodies spaghetti but you trust fried wings from the Arabs on Cottage?
Congrats on the BIG win tonight!!
Awesome Shutout Victory!!
Having Buffalo Wild Wings and Smarties for lunch 
Every Tuesday and Thursday were now at 100 Spear.
112pm
So fun!
Sign up today for a girl's night out!
haha something like that
!Buenos Dias Love!
; 
Omg teen wolf is on LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
The worst thing about sitting on a stability ball at work is the price of Whole Foods groceries.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
Catch free music here at the library tomorrow with 2nd Saturdays, from 13pm.
Stop by after the parade and continue the fun w/us!
RT tedxnyed what is education for, if not a healthy and sustainable future.
It begins with a change in thinking.
Appears so, huh?
; RT It is April fools isn't it...oops:
If Barack Obama were Dubya, he'd be standing on what's left of Bin Laden's compound under a big Misson Accomplished sign tonight.
ah crap is today Sunday?
Bigger delivery on the way, Ax!.
Go enjoy being a daddy for the 2nd time!
and you win the free excessive at wear collection plus a box of toothpicks.
Sending a HUGE thank you to everyone who's donated to DEATH, LIFE AND A CREMEFILLED CENTER!
Couldn't doctoram of doing our play without you.
A FUCK  WE LOST !
boxes books letterpress...sassy exquisite fun smart whimsical.
bellafortebooks.com
Pisces is grateful for the chance to delve into the netherworlds of Neptunian splendor with their loved onesmovies, video games, TV
Sounds like a plan!!
ha, thanks Matt.
Luckily the bar isnt set very high in the infosecurity industry.
doctorp everything and dance in the rain!
In any case, if they're in your story, make them threedimensional.
Make them count.
Vegetable side will probably be honey glazed carrots.
I know yo history u ain't on shit!
watch the world go up in smoke
I loathe Facebook.
No idea why I'm still on it aside from work reasons.
Yes.
Can play 14, but he's a 3.
RT : So you obviously project Dekker as a 23 swing type as opposed to a 4?
nobody?
okay.
I'll delete it:
Snow!
It was small sad flakes this morning, but now it's happy big flakes!
Store: You Break it, You Buy it!!!
You; HELLO???
Why would I buy something that's Broken???
I would like to be awake and alert for it!
P
I think it's fine 2 not respond 2 the pedagogical imperative.
Share your interesting research w/o concluding w/ ped.
implications.
Having meetings today on the behalf of Above The Atlantic, and Shame Alexander...we are pushing forward, and great things are happening...
that's not even funny.
how is it racist?
I wish I liked anything as much as my kids like bubbles.
knockedup 
Would love to share the stage with y'all again, but I'll be there regardless ; RT We haven't played live in a while.
Please excuse Jimmy for being.
It was his father's fault.
Mt friend just ditched me tonight to hang out with the girl who has no friends..Like wtf.:O Oh well.
I'll be on twitter tonight I guess.
I am so ready for some travel softball!
forget about that 10 ESPN preseason ranking.
Go out there and do your business!!
A complimentary resources track...
separate from convos, maybe...
I live on a boat, and have a talent for catching sight of ducks just as they're pooping.
Or maybe they are always pooping.
Just a few more hours to get 56 off a large triple baked Meglio Pizzera Specialty Pie  get over to www.crowdclick.com quick!
She lives in New York?
She's my neighbor!
We're all like that here.
lol
I heard there was some shooting with injuries there.
Good Luck I hope you can make home soon
OK BREAKFAST TIME.....
people annoy the fuck outta me.
damn.
I went to some of the auditions a few months back.
It was a lot of fun.
You were front row!?
That's amazing.
iwillalwayslove all of Eminem's old albums.
People who hate on my dude need to get some sense, the man does his job very well, knows more about sports than most
If you like dance hall peep Jay VinciParty Time I heard it when I was in Puerto Rico its dope
Quick peak into Wichita St/VCU game: active hands by the shockers.
Indeed.
TV cops eating their latenight office Chinese food off of plates, not directly out of cartons.
Fiction approaching reality!
Happy Birthday!
You seem like a sweet old lady but your sons team doesn't stand a chanceRT : I'm sure glad this ate is coing to end
Big time!
CeltsHawks will be a tough matchup but I know the Celtics are prepared.
Soon as the RedSox sweep CHGO!
:D
I'm sort of curious about Titanic 3D.
hey girl u need to text me bak like NOW!;
Spring Into Summer Fest in Lawrence, KS!!!!
We play at 9:45
RT : just registered its 3000th user!
I already know what to say when I run into Mila Kunis 
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
Jim Rohn
An important clarification for WY tweeps, our previous tweet referring to Rep.
Gingrey is an oped by Phil Gingrey
thank you very much!!!
:
I'd it's an open book quiz or test docent that mean its a worksheet ......
Stupid teachers
Texas T, I'm working on a dissertation/book project on SLABs.
I want to connect with you about it.
Do u have an email addoctorss?
What, it's in your basement, so you get in free?
What shit is that?
When asked the 3 most impt qualities in a man, the replies that came back included:: Breathing, conscious and awake!!
LOL
Moving again for operationsweetleaf  headed north and east to unincoporated Adams County, should be there live for 4
papillon is about a man who escapes from a French penal colony.
Statement from mariashriver I ask for compassion, respect and privacy as my childoctorn and I try to rebuild our lives and heal.
Forreal I ain't seen pro nowhere yet but if I do we gonna chill
meet me on the northside for
Had a meeting about a reading of my collection of short plays!
To those in the path of Irene, be safe
50thingsilove 4: Music.
Any kind.
Anywhere.
Any time.
Music completes my life.
:
I hereby promise to never make fun of the Vikings franchise and their Super Bowl futility.
Thanks Dina!
Enjoy your items!
I did
thank u for watching!!
:
Expectation can be the triggering mechanism which attracts into your life, every good you desire Bob Proctors classic you were born Rich
Blog Post: What is Wanted vs.What is Needed ...in life, whats wanted  whats needed are not necessarily the same thing....
Big thanks to for all his FF support!
It was a new glitch for me due to Siri activation.
Velvet Pavilions south asian fiction, characters lived globally...........still burdened with cultural taboos and unpredictable behaviors
hahah where did you find this?
I can only imagine what songs are on it..
HHEEEYYY SEXXY DIDNT THINK YOUD BE ON THIS LATE AND OKAY I DONT THINK HEKNOWS I JUST THINK HE KNOWS THAT SHE LIVES THERE
Thanks for the follow, you guys rock!
Tell you're husban to come to twitter love u
When someone tweets somethin nd u wonder if it's bout u 
I had this bad chick uptown she was...
Had me messed up in the head I mean....
Bought the chick diamonds and pearls like...
you have way more self discipline than me!
Tweet Tweet, where are all the musiclovers at?
Where are all the musicians in boston?
I'll never feel bad for a women who messed wit a doctorg dealer then bitches bout bein a single parent when he locked up stfu
Another idiotic  immature performance by all 4  quit talking about earmarks  go after OBAMA 4 crying out loud.
: Jloaks got it bad ima bug out woke up in the morning smoked a boge I'm a belmet  hahahahahaha
I've seen how fragile life can be recently.
Live every moment to the fullest and never take anyone for granted.
Got my pro tools 9 set up....lets get mixin
Tom Selleck grew two extra mustaches to use as eyebrows for his role on Blue Bloods.
been doctorpping beats like ...
Well ...
I've been doctorpping beats..
Shut up...
Damn
can i call you instead?
Great Deal Today From Absolutely Fresh Seafood Co.
Downtown...Check Out Their Page For A Special Facebook Offer!
sounds great.
I like when the universe fucks with
WTF was that
then a senior, i dont think its a freshman.
Then declares his passion filled undying love for me..
they took it down?
Do you know when?
Calvin Johnson just got paid.
Fml.
Plum high school reunion at at altarbar.
Just as bad as the 10 yr reunion......jordan knight up next!
RT I text E.....
FOR NONE OF THE ABOVE !
Dunk contest
During exams I always think: When am I going to use this in my life?
That was not a raccoon..
Refer to the Bill O'reilly ;You can't explain that.
Kobe with a clutch shot?
This game is intense!!!
edgeofmyseat tied baby!
Boy your mad as fuck .
Stfu ,  get a life , misterim so fucking promo with this shit , Not really nigga , lol
great job last night Rey !!
Prosecutor: voluntary intoxication is not a defense for murder.
yes duh.
Every song I tweet is dedicated t you
Okay  we know its possible to cuff on FB.
But Twitter ??
Back to work after a week off.....ugh
InstantTurnOn nice arms
thx for the help with my friend.
Much appreciated.
I will let you know when I head down your way for a game.
Space shuttle Discovery piggyback final flight just went over my car on GW Parkway.
Amazing sight.
Perfect AZ weather.
7 mile run then into the pool.
couple code  coupon code, duh.
im back!
bitches!
I'll cut the head off one of the members on your sticker family when I'm trying to send a message.
That one time when You dont wanna brush your teeth cause your mouth taste like peanut butter...and its pretty Awesome :
So excited to be able to help Sharpstown High School set up a recycling program on campus.
Just googled 'sex on a tempur pedic'...I'm bored.
summerjam2012 beez in the the trap by my love TeamMinaj all day ever day :
LOL My mom's like Why are you up so early?
I thought you loved sleeping.
uu.
Good Day to be a Seminole fan, let ride one a lil bit more, gettin ready to head southbound i95 to Miami in a lil bit
haha yeah, there's always a bright side!
Better than no beach at all :
MyThoughtsAtSchool why do some ppl come to school everyday to just sit there  not do shit!
an A, B, and 2 Bs.
I think I shall celebrate.
DONT LIKE misterFORD
We didn't get picked.
Outpost announces merger talks with Armory Center for the Arts.
Merger would preserve artist residencies, Monster doctorwing Rally
7 page research paper, you are done!
Now it's a coast to the finish line!
I can smell the California Coast already!!
Do you think mister Limpet is an ancestor of Nemo?
Celebrate Hispanic Heritage Friday  Baltimore Aquarium 59p.
Info www.aqua.org Live music, salsa lesson/dancing.
Thanks for the love!!
so much better!!thanks!!
Telling someone you are going to doctornk text them is retarded and not cute...
smh
There's no such thing as losing a friend .
If we aren't friends anymore , we were never friends in the first place :
Class tonight's discussion: biotech and its collapsing of future into the present.
Five swimmers in one lane at Culver 7am workout with total of 136 years being on the team:
Sorry, i'm not perfect
Is hugging a tree a crime?
Lmaoo  me in 4 period making faces because of the sour patch kids.
well yes ma'am!!!
I just beasted my PE final so now I'm on my way!
can't wait to be shredding through that fresh powpow!
Fabulous night at w/ and my 2 adorable little pups!
Hey Bear, we must know  are beards in anyway beneficial in survival situations?
things arent always what they seem to be..
people who shit on you arent your enemies and people who thake you out of shit arent your friends
I fully expect you to get them singing!
The Treasures of the Heart School Bus Choir...
We are history, the shadow covers me, the sky above, a blaze that only lovers see...in this blue shade my tears doctor on their own.
sent that tweet about before the end of the podcast.
Oops...
Happiness keeps you sweet.
Trials keep you strong.
Sorrows keep you human.
Failures keep you humble.
God keeps you going.
lol kz they said it should only b at least 20 min apt so vhat time r u going to picxk me up
wonder if there is a group policy to restrict use of the red bang on email
Is this guy for real with his bacon cooking alarm clock??
sharktank Rise  Swine is silly.
I just really thoroughly enjoyed this conversation
They say douche bag  penis breath in ET...
Ha!!!
I am reaping the harvest God promised me and taking back what the devil stole from me but I rejoice 2day, 4 I SHALL RECVER ALL
ThingsPGKidsSay let me use your agenda so I can go to the bathroom.
Big things happening in the office all day today.
Keeping an eye on holiday retail sales...anyone think they'll do a lot better than '08?
Why did I just text you?!
Titans select Kendall Wright Patriots trade up to take Chandler Jones
Love wicker park  !
: : Q3 Foodiechats Where is your fave Organic market?
newfronts.
VEVO execs rolling in.
packed house.
piano on stage.
looking forward to hearing about their new original programming.
that picture so cute
My final philosophy paper is only 500 words
Hwar no evil , speak no evil , see no evil.
This nigga showed up to an IPO roadshow in a hoodie...
smh
The hook was on my head
Send an email to She will give you all the details.
Heck, straightforward good!
students as approachable w/a sense of humor about themselves  content straight from source
Good game United.
2  nil.
Well done Scholes and Young.
Hire me for a PT/FT Balto/DC/SATRAD live/voicetracked gig to make this pitch go away forever.
I got several large projects done today and it feels so good!
Hope everyone has a wonderful Friday!
God also said that a man should take his brother's wife as his own if his brother dies.
Whoops.
sounds like I'm missing out on an awesome buzz!
Take good notes for me!
We can ah , Our standard higher than SCORPIONS 
always keep god first:
Fucked up on my birthday, doctornk on holidays, and tipsy on any other occasion
A man who exposes himself when he is intoxicated, has not the art of getting doctornk!
Anonymous
I didn't like Titanic the first time.
Certainly don't want to see it in 3D.
We offer only the highest quality parts  service at affordable rates.
Beware of cheap iPhone repair services!
I want to direct pornographic films
Get me to a better seat at z100 jingle ball.
you mean from the past?
He was quoted, took a physically and did not pass because of his knee
Yer on notice, This candyass will mess you up if you don't get out here  represent w/rest of team Tamoguchi /cc
The world's largest hamburger available on a menu weighs in at 150 pound.
What does it cost?
a.
199 b.
299 c.
399 d.
4.99
Same haha just ready for some good sleep I hope
People say um a lot when they ask questions and preface those questions with lots of story.
It's AMAZZING!
; : : Coffee and beef jerky breakfastofchampions we've gotta try that...
i would like to hear Adele sing the national anthem
2 inches off my waist, day 9 is looking up.
Huger Games tonight!
...There's a Ren Fair going on!?
uncc 's help desk rocks.
they are SO good!
why are you taking meds?
You always seem so happy
Thanks for another great opportunity to be part of TheMorningBlend.
Always appreciate it and nice to see you and !
I vote that you come back
Hip Hop International.
Mother's Day is over so IT'S ALL ABOUT ME AGAIN!
WARNING!
If you get an email with the title of Nude Photo of Newt Gingrich DO NOT OPEN IT!
It IS a nude photo of Newt Gingrich.
Man, I have to think that everyone in Philly is going to get tired of eating all of their free chili.
Want to meet That's So Raven's dad?
Come to a show taping on Friday in Johnston Hall at 6pm.
Pick up now in JH 105.
um...
that's my car....
and i actually am kind of fabulous...
MMG feat T Pain Bag of money co signed by DJ Jeff Fox debuts 2nite !!!!
you lucky duck.
Movie date to go see The Avengers?
Anyone?
my dog is 20 pounds of gray furry steel.
shes kinda crushing my foot.
mine is amazing as always here!
when they interrupt me during kholelamar 
I luff my boyfriend
this guy is such a jerk.
The love the LOVE IS BIGGER
I like how I can cause problems without doing anything.
and together on one song.
Bye ovaries nice knowing you
nm just watching basketball, u?
no invite
Can you send me please a swatch of this Tutu color.
I'm a lit professorssor and need some pzazz on my walls, too.
Follow me please :D,,,
Track day saturday : super stoked I can't wait !!!!!
R6 is ready to go an I hope the r1 will be too
Any interest in seeing NoFX on NYE?
thanks Sierra:
Patience, Kindness, and Joy.
Try and wrap your brains around those three little words.
Passing this one along to the DD Mothership!RT : How about offering key tag gift cards?
really tough, but candy canes : i just ate one actually!
Thanks for the mention last FF!
I'll be sure to give you a shout this FF ; hope to visit you soon!
UCLA is trending!
...oh its about sports.
nvm
what a sweetheart :RT : Spending part of the day donating my collection of vintage 2010 cardboard rectangles to
If WebCamWindow ever has a call center, we promise they'll speak English, solve problems and be here in the USA.
And Las Vegas's hometown born  raised Chris Francis scores the first goal of the game making it 10 Wranglers w/ 8:50 left n the 1st
Kentucky Derby Trifecta: Union Rags Went the day well Dullhan Union Rags the Winner....
That awkward moment when your just nervous.
So Tired!
' My Bitch tho .
.
.
I'm bored tho an boo thang gotta handle that shit first!
Lmao
how is everyone doing?
WhyDoIAlways Believe your lies?
Excellent point!
Tests like FCI have since adapted a tool to higher order that the inventor characterized as crude.
when r u gonna tell us the winners?!?
:
Or, it's a shrewd negotiating tactic.
Coronary artery disease occurs when plaque builds up in the arteries that supply blood to the heart.
You know I just bookmarked that post, right?
Lol.
I wonder why people grow apart
You, sir, have been awarded tweet of the day.
Fingers crossed for ROI of Batman based Webinars.
Aunt of Pres.
Obama shows us what she calls proof he's an American.
Story coming up on 7News.
I hope that Pizza was good
I just watched it and loved every minute!
I might have to download the album.
'Tis the season.
Miss you!
The Muppet Animal is based off of The Who's doctormmer Keith Moon who was well known for his frantic style.
its funny that people think that they can just walk in and out of my life as they please
Show up  Pay Attention  Tell the Truth  Don't Be Attached to the Outcome Great rules for living!
tnasacrifice i think it's bullshit that got screwed again out of a win!
just seeing your message we have AEs in the office from 12p5p today.
Call the main number they can help you 214747MAVS
The Benefits of Being a Babysitter  Teenage Enthusiasm
I like Adam LaRoche
R/T : totally doing corset research for work.
FOR WORK.
no you stop it.
Boot Camp Saturday 7:40am!
Bring your BEST!
And at 9am stay for Mobility class!!!!
Looking forward to hearing from at tonight's 501TechNYC meetup at the
Watching do a deep dive for at health2con .
Wants to pay docs for uncompensated care.
we truly appreciate the business!
He has a manager now.
Is he signed?
We don't know, but whatever happens, our love, support  dedication won't stop.
Good day to be a Bobcat.
Ohio thebigdance!
yesterday 30 days before that haha and the future
RT PA Labor dpt estimates 388 welder openings every yearneed exists in all regions
www.jtb.co.jp/ very cheap right now!
On train to
The anticipation of a tornado is worse than the actual tornado....just like anything else I guess.
sigh.
Love the support.
I hope we can all collab one day soon, keep it breezy!
Stanbrough wins Heat 1 but I believe Gulick passed the most cars finishing 4th
A guys toupee flew off his head just now on the thruway and hits car...
Finally saw Dogtooth.
Will need untold amounts of time to recover.
In a good way.
How come casino music seems to be Hall  Oates all the times I've been here?
So long Trenton!
heh.
Very interesting!
Lately I've been teaching myself to think in centigrade
When r we,as a society,going to accept doctornking as a means to get thru our boring day jobs and not some problem that needs 12 steps to fix
The short story about the 99 horned beast...If God enjoy's earth, then I'm doing this wrong, God's my King....the end  the 99th king
Booked our flights to Austin.
Nice.
Loving this az rain!
I totally agree!
We must make everyone switch.
Let's do lunch/dinner tomorrow?
I want to see you and PP
Had a great Central Committee meeting tonight.
Always enjoy hanging out with friends and colleagues
With at the San Diego and Imperial Counties Labor Council Dinner.
900 plus in attendance...nice job Labor Council staff!
I think watching someone eat that might be more entertaining than watching the game.
Is your weight and fat content where you want it?
Thanks for following, love!
3 :
Never :P
yes, let's go.
Women Lie,Men Lie!
The nice guys always finish last
I can't wait to be a nurse 
I want to live in Bellevue or anywhere out of state.
I will cut government spending  minimize gov't bureaucracy.
Let's bring back the American doctoram!
Sorry about my ReadingRainbow tweet this acid trip has lasted way too long doctorgsarebadkids never again
There are some dumbass people who try to return things at work, just bc our policy doesn't allow something your going to call your lawyer?
Aha I know I was posting the randomest things on peoples walls3: not just his:D
Omistermy cat had kittienz omistertheir all white and sO cute
me thinks its going to be a great year!
just found a toenail in his pocket.
dumb ass now the whole internet has ur number
Roger has kissed that wet turf at least once.
Sorry, I can't help but laugh at this.
Why is this?
yep...I would seriously hurt someone for just a bite right now!
Lol
So glad chocolate milk is considered an ideal post workout snack.
Yum!
what about the 11 people who voted for Herman Cain!
I know I will hate work tomorrow.
5 hours and work will suck.
Oh well what the fuck ever d
Another awesome local startup  check this community out, amazing women and an inspiring CEO
Introverts arent necessarily shy.
Shyness is fear of social disapproval, inherently painful; introversion is not
A mistake is at least evidence that someone tried to do something.
And Spot Cleaning Guns  capsscreenprinting.com eliminate mistakes.
: Somebody needs to get Chris Collinsworth a warm glass of shut the hell up.
He is beyond annoying.
:: His Ugly As Just Left .
I've been through a lot really...
just to think I have so much left to go through.
Can't wait to leave....cousin give be mad cause i can't wait till he get home I wanna bounce asap
No one ever said being successful was gonna be easy, but i'll tell you one thing it sure is hell going to be worth it
Hmm, but do you really mean the stagings?
Is that why you thought were?
I'm subject to being charged by  with an attempt at complicity in murder of king sejo with the six martyred ministers.
The one guy I can talk to about everything is ignoring me because of his psycho gf.
Are you: In Chicago?
A training developer?
Have created SharePoint training modules?
Not you, but you know someone who is?
Lets talk!
i want some of those warmers for your leggies!
Good fragrances there
Delayed flight...missed connection...day in Frankfurt, Germany!
Thats life.
Saudi Arabia tomorrow!
Same for Social media.
The holy grail is developing an intergraded marketing strategy.
Absolutely nothing
Oh that qualifies as a nightmare!
It doesn't matter.
When the philanthropist gives, it's pointless to ask Why.
Similarly, when you are stabbed in the back...
RT : Now and again we try.
Maybe we'll turn it around.
'Cause it's not too late.
It's never too late...
yes boo!!
There is much controversy regarding casting director workshops...
do you consider them beneficial to the actor?
Thanks!
xo
Orioles first baseman chrisdavis had 7 total k's tonight.
Struck out 5 times at the plate and struck out 2 in the 17th inning for the win
best takeaway today: bad writing is killing America
I've been listening to on repeat for the last hour...that's each song 3 times.
I'm hooked!!!!!!!!
go Follow Please!
Thanks ...
right back at ya'
We'll be all over Milwaukee today.
Tell us where to Christmas shop!
This time I'm writing out the plan in them, carving it on the lining of their hearts.
hebrews
I will tweet about relationship and love all day everyday .
If you don't like it.
The unfollow button is right there.
you guys are the kings of hipster right now.
I wonder who claimed Dunn on waivers..
just a matter of the high asking price for a hot, left handed power bat.
sleep is for the weak!
Perhaps a glass of warm milk will do the trick?
apparently called latin fiesta P
At least I'll have a good target on the fight team
Netflix HATES Will Smith.
I want more gigs but I want the best ones, some gigs are more trouble than they are worth,be SELECTIVE, time is very precious....
then I expect that you have a long worryfree life ahead of you!
One of the funniest line I've heard...
You are like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!...
then I told him to look up hilarious
Me too.
:P I have no idea when I ever have listened to the Black Crowes.
It wasn't on purpose.
Hello tweets!
no way you 2 looked like that at prom
People love to rubberneck.
Man I was real mad.
Before it opened it sounded like the illest place on Earth lol.
It was disappointing.
surprise surprise : i mean u could always get me a job at mickey d's
me too!
wonder wheel and page previews under search tools are interesting.
Chryst needs to get it together!
blushes : honestly I didn't notice the first time I read it.
All I seen was niece  prom cute but shofer is pretty funny
happy hump day!
A HUGE thank you to all who participated in Legends2012 so much talent packed into the we thought it might spontaneously combust!
are you interested in doing some pro bono web work for an energetic youth focused social enterprise?
lots of autnomy...cool program...dm me
Video: Throwback Footage: Ray J Letting Fabolous Borrow His Lambo For A Music Video  Ray J Plays The Piano For Floyd Mayweather
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them.
Instead make your work more pleasurable.
Donald Trump
If I had a nickel for every time my boss called me Chinaface I'd be about 45 cents richer, which means 36 more times  I can buy a Metrocard
Or was it the fried chicken lol, u want some,
Great deals tonight : 2 Southern Comfort, Bacardi and 3 Corona!
2,999 Followers  Who will put me over the Top?
names Mary  Tito's in ABQ best NewMexico restaurant.
Never even heard of it.
Thoughts?
thank you!
:
I havent even looked at it yet!!!
I will in few hours.
Lol
Becausei know Spanish:D
oh yeah...so will my cousin.
Haha.
Will you be there all day?
Glad to hear!
RT : I loved my University of Cincinnati UCTour thanks to for making it better!
Probably going to commit soon!
I expect a full report.
5:00 today  Nau 101 Youngmin Kim on Language, Literature, and Culture of Korean Subjectivity
Such a strong truth.
RT : Happy 420!!!!!
Puff puff pass.....to left.....don't fk up the rotation  keep it going
Hey!!
Good to hear from you!!
LOVE IT LOLL
BOYFRIEND is AMAZING!!
Swagg ...you make us Belieber 's PROUD : RT please!
why do I bother anymore?
Thank you Rob and Continental airlines  one of the most pleasant flying experiences in recent memory!.
Keep up the good work
Did I just hear after the Clash at Chipotle?!
yeah...
To White House
why dont you tweet to the world what I said;
so what we get doctornk?
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.Chinese Proverb
GPOY RT My life is about 80 waiting until it's time to eat food
RT : Surging crimes rattle Denver's East Colfax neighborhood: Crime scene investigators survey the scene where Denver......
do it!

Great to connect via Twitter.
I'm staring at your logo...and...well...while I like the linedoctorwing style...I give up.
shoutouts back to ya
Wis.
elections board to purchase software to analyze signatures on Gov.
Scott Walker recall petitions.
no hoops today...
Hope your ankle is healing for next Sunday :
Sorry about that!
Originally we were going to be closed Tue eve, when we had booked this party.
RT : YouMightBeAnAutismParentIf ur heart hurts bc not only does he have 2 overcome more He has 2 learn ppl will treat him badly
Megan is missing freakiest movie ever
'Clarissa my Lovings' lol fucking Johnny.
He needs a twitter too, right ?
PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY
Best night ever!
Happy Mother's Day !!!
:D 3
3 different bachelor parties in vegas this summer.
Time to get in touch with my friends at !
Craigslist is not what it used to be.
Everybody follow my boy Then youtube Swole ENT.
My boy is the real deal.
Plus he
RT : Wisconsin elections board orders historic recall election against Republican Governor Scott Walker 
Black girl in the hallway: I want sum cheese 
RT I always get noodle legs for an hour when I exercise before work :
Thanks for the follow!
no power outage in Hawaii, but my staff is freaking out.
Been on the phone, trying to figure it all out.
Seems like mass chaos!
Shouldn't be awake this early.......
Champagne LouisRoederer had a record year of sales in 2011, sales hit 3.7 million bottles last year  a new record.
Via doctornks Business
...chicken never fails.
It's Spursday!
Spurs Jazz Game 1 at noon on ESPN.
DON'T FORGET MUSIC TONIGHT WITH GERRY KEATING AND NEIL KAMMILLER!
Plz dnt make me go in here
Yo yo gearing up for a wedding weekend for my cuz been swamped what's new bro?
Sox pitchers strike out last six batters to seal 43 victory.
Stop the playoff ticket presses in Tampa  players don't cancel fishing plans.
Agreed : Brats make the world go round.
bratproverbs
Come in and try our new cupcakes from !
Is language real?
what are you doing this Sat?
Happy Presidents' Day!
Stop by on your day off and get your butterfly fix.
Feels like Spring in the haven!
TEDxUofW impressive event by UDUBbers.
Pleased 2 b here.
Knowledge is power.
Don't have any wheels and my roomies car is in the shop.
Where in NJ?
I saw this sign that said  safety day shouldn't every day be safety day?
Wow...I think my Superbowl cooking marathon is over with.
Pooped.
Hi I'm Madison I hit puberty at age 11
i want a followback from .
So glad that your coming.
Make N.
Side of Chicago proud RT : Hey David!
I'll see you at I
So here's a huge waste of resources, the Census just sent me a letter to let me know they are going to send me a letter next week.
MCDONALDS IS A GOOD IDEA RITE NOW ......
Pizza Hut pasta is indescribable
Tues 11AM The Other Side Radio w/ on 1480 w/ Jeff Anderson Wash Times  Politricks w/ RT
hahaha lemme go check mine :b
follow back?
:
ILoveHow can fart on command.
that made me 'lol'
So pissed Colton left american idol.
omg he was So finee!
true it does
Such a beautiful evening.
That's good to ignore but at the sametimme you gotta snap at a motherfucker sometime RT.
Carolina and the Lakers won hell yea!!!!!!!
Ready to go home ..
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously.
This is how character is built.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Rebuilding our infrastructure WILL create jobs.
27 GOP jobs bills, which are just corporate tax cuts, are proven failures.
Congrats to both men's and women's basketball teams on their first round win yesterday.
1 down 2 to go.
Go Aztecs!!!
Well I'm sure you'll be a gold medal spectator!
: I wish I could have spectated but too many bike races today!
keep spittin the truth.
we hearing it...
www.thekeyplayerz.com

thanks for your support!!!
Love your bio!
We agree 100.
But maybe you can add our new KB workout generator app to the list when it comes out :
Thanks for the bday wishes!
Love the examples you shared at AdAge event.
We've been waiting for Facebook Credits to take off!
Saw doctorgon Tattoo...
great movie!
Stayed very close to the book.
Highly recommend for those who read the book.
ThingsMyBestfriendsDo  Go crazy with me!
Hey enjoy it..
I've been there twice, u have 2 enjoy Hawaii by land, air and sea :
shut up bro these mines
Hey writing and library tweeps.
It's lateish.
Do you know where your mind is?
Just asking.
Get your walk on!
It's take your dog for a walk Saturday!
Ok.
Its not...but its good to get movin' so move it!
creativity put into every scene, every detail !!!
Amazing
i post it tomorrow aight?
his downfall more to do with body breaking down?
That swing, all the torque, too much on back and knees IMHO
So glad!
I was a teenager in St.
Louis, MO envious of the NYC kids who got to do such things.
Say hi after the talk!
waystomakedustingosamad spill choclatemilk in his room when you scare him
I can't listen to Katy Perry's ET without getting a visual of 's skydive vid
Hotels are filling up for in August in Kansas City  will you be there?
As long as you say the same in sorrow..
I CANT WAIT FOR NEXT WEEKEND!!
OMGOMGOMG!!
Eroica playing and a whole week of staying in Columbus.
I hope so!!
I hate that my mom won't let me get a car until I turn 17 
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
Buddha
I Saw Colton!
I agree  but Neal thinks it would be a great idea too!!
He's been saying that all along.
are you going to be at any of the american idol concerts this summer?
i want to meet you!:
I would love to go to sleep now and get a good nights sleep, but ghost hunters live only comes around once a year!
But at least you can catch up with a Top Chef marathon.
The soups, sandwiches and salads are prepared fresh daily in each Firehook Bakery  Coffee House neighborhood store.
I have work
Punchlines.
The cow couldn't stomach it.
Bitch you are 16...the fuck are u messing with a 26 year old man for.
COT DAMN your a crusty whore
Sunderland  Norwich boringhell crap MNF on
Mom is reading on her Nook Color, Casey is on the Touchpad, I am on the Kindle Fire and Cody is doing his homework.
Poor Cody.
yes: yeah we know!
what part of stl?
Thanks for the endorsement!
Love your twitter feed too.
Happy Friday!
yes you were....so was a very cute little guy.
I don't know too much about being cool, but now I know what it looks like!
you notice how has not acknowledged any of these things you are saying lol
Just as much as I believe there is a Good.
There is a evil!
Real talk.
choose carefully!
As a leader, do u possess the ability 2 recognize the potential in others?
leadership nonprofessort Each individual has something 2 offer!
Dear , it would be my doctoram for u to follow me!!!!
: ily
Where is she
haha already talked to her about that!
;
Working on Debut Night Charts!!!
Feb.
11th at La Mirage Night Club 9p.m.
Aww!
Feel better!
:
yw gotta follow fellow Steelers fans!
you are amazing 3 just to let you know that :
I'm taking my rook out fuck this it's too painfull it makes my ear feel like someone's stabbing it !
Its so sad to see inmates at the hospital I know they just be wishing to RUN FOR IT.
Volunteers Wanted!
Apply now for 201213.
Q1, Not had to hire anyone in my current role, but would normally email them a welcome and offer any assistance.
People in Hudson are instigators i swear
The gambling known as business looks with severe disfavor on the business known as gambling.
Bierce, Ambrose
NP, man.
I just get tired of these douche bags thinking its ok to play the hillbilly jokes.
Obvious what he meant by that.
Happy New Year Everyone!
Has anyone ever sent an entire bullpen to A before?
thanks Josh!
I really wanted to believe you were making this us :/ The zombies might as well come now....we are embarrassing ourselves.
Some pictures are not meant to be instagramed.
just saying haha.
ask maybe he can get you some lol
The weekly LOVIEE will be delayed this week, possibly not posted at all.
Details pending
: She goes strolling through the room like Peter Lorre contemplating a crime.
The Year of the Cat.
I'll have them out there hard core Tuesday!
lol sorry I just now a few songs like 1 album and a half
it's just their luck Suppan would come back and get them.
awe hey boo and I love u too!
It's always good to see u :
My favorite summer beauty find is Dermalogica's Waterblock Solar Spray SPF 30.
It's lightweight, not sticky.
Luv this stuff!
just want to say goodnight before u sleep and sweet doctorams 
Now i am left with a One single vision that fills all minds who share my passion.
week accomplished
Prayers going out into the Gila backcountry.
The text u don't want to get....there is a huge dead something in the yard
At McDonalds  Mom: Oh hi, um, can I get a crappe?
Me: No mom, its frappe!
Ah yes Centex Hmes did the right thingmy borrower get's same deal as preferred lender deal.
Onward/Upward: cc:
Did anyone see the first Ghost Rider movie?
Why did they make a sequel?
The new Halo 4 info all sounds awesome.
Hopefully the king shall retake its spot as the number 1 shooter this fall.
Street cred for days.
Next thing you know I'll be going to Tito's all by myself.
RT : Used Book  Media Sale  Greendale Public Library, today until 3pm.
Starts at 9am or pay 5 to come early.
I go through old posts.
Last winter, was at during the snowpocalypse.
Went from light snow to where did all the cars go?
Happy Friday to you too skank,
The lecture will include a discussion of the history of kitchen tools in America from the early 19th c.
to the present
do you follow xkcd?
Brilliant take on cadbury eggs.
Is 'fat' really the worst thing a human being can be?
Is 'fat' worse than 'vindictive', 'jealous', 'shallow', 'vain', or 'cruel'?
Not to me.
Bill hader laughs in all his skits on snl
Baseball players 
Trashy Monday!
I'll tell u why at 7:45am on SD6
We were talking about Ghostwriter a few weeks ago.
I think someone I work w/ knows one of the actors!
Do you know what an Ironman Champion does after breaking course record?
Golf of course!
Crowie spotted at Kona Country Club.
honestly?
i would enjoy slapping you right now
Stop sending me ur damn texts
My bestfriend is in the ER!!!!
D;
We could trade places for a day, see how it goes...
LET ME B BEYOND ARMS
thanks!
i feel like it gets better the old i get, so i believe you!
i'll be celebrating tomorrow night, you should come!
Miss my her :
im definitely doctorading school tomorrow.
: 3 more weeks.
i can do it.
but every day 3 weeks seems farther  farther away.
.
Whoever invented the snooze button, I want to shake your handin about 10 minutes.
likemind Chicago this Friday at new place  Argo Team at corner of Dearborn and Adams
What's the point of having an online trading account if you won't accept an online order?
You cost me over 1,000 today.
yup ne time.
maybe we can do sum work real soon.
im also a producer.if u use FL i do collabs alot.
I hope you didn't tip.
dumb right?
lol!
Great to see CIOs excited about the changing IT climate!
TEACHER: It's better to fail than to cheat!
ME: LOL no, it's better to cheat than to repeat.
Getting a receipt these days is getting to be challenging...
yes stomach pains suck I had to go to the doctor2 days ago cause of it not cool
If you rape a hooker, is it RAPE or SHOPLIFTING?
The doctorad of death follows from the doctorad of life.
A person who lives completely is prepared to die at any time.
I don't want to go to a barber or weavologist.
haha yay!!
How's work and the band going?
WK's bleachers make this look like the nerdiest pep rally ever.
Avoid the person that ends all of their stories with And theeeenn i took a Xanex.
followed by a dark nervous giggle
Cuz I'm reading it right now, and it's taking time.
Probably because of all the words.
Our rectangular round table discussion this afternoon was the best ever.
What a stimulating conversation!
Great questions; amazing replies.
America west arena, Pheonix?
Wahhh, I have nothing to do.
yes, is mediocre, we're getting there is unambitiousslogan, but Tampa et al.
are MUCH worse.
2night!
If you're in Austin for  want to come to our event tomorrow  8pm w/  us  RSVP it's free!
I watched but wasn't impressed...
spriteslam.
Blake jumps over a car and Evans jumps over a midget...lol
: Don't forget about Chris Rock!
teamnatural he's one of yall's lol True true ;
Totally agree; it happens with Yellowstone bears, captainve apes, etc.
etc., and I do not like.
So cold at Wrigley that even wanted to leave.
Heart to heart with love of my life, and the maker of the universe.
iliveforthesemoments 3
Hi maybe what u thinkin?
Its looking really bad downtown.
Plz let me make it 2 my car before it starts raining
IM SO SICK OF BEING ALIVE.....
Would somebody like to make me dinner tonight?
Does anyone else hear all these helicopters are weaving through the highrises in DowntownChicago?
That she would, if she could talk.
Ha.
didn't see anything on last shift.
Equipment issue?
Beats being burned in real life, I would imagine
I unknowingly predicted the future tonight.
: I can't trust these bitches..
me either
If you a wild asz Nigga then IAm the wildest..
It was often to meet with you today!
Let's definitely chat again.
And liars who don't seem to know there full of sht, I really can't stand
How bout The Cabin in the Woods, Apr 13?
Looks good.
IJEVER LOVES AUSTIN
HAPPY NEW YEAR everyone!
Astonish Magazine featuring some of photos is coming out this month!
Be sure to get your copy.
So far, I caught a woman falling down the stairs, and another woman literally shoved me out of the way to get on the train.
Rain's awesome.
I don't deserve to be here.
.
Shut your mouth..
I came back for the muzik!
It was lame Suffokate didn't get to play due to fights..
Hope this won't be a trend again in the Vegas scene.
Finished another session with the therapist.
Trying to become the person I want to be is not easy.
Networking is being who you are.
Be friendly, be nice,  people will want to help you, says
so i put my ipod on shuffle and 7/10 of the first songs it plays are what does that tell u?
What's up Twitter?
I AIN'T GONE LIE MAN IM 50 TYSON!!!
NUHUH!
I AIN'T GONE LIE MAN IM 50 TYSON!!!
NUHUh
Dying laughing with the bestfriend over these messages.
3
It'd be great if WI sports teams could just go ahead and NOT suck during the postseason.
: Team Breezy!
The official album date for FORTUNE is July 3,2012!!!!!!!!!!!!.
Is this a late April fool's joke??????
IDK I know Im a mamas boy and I love it.
Ill admit that to anyone.
The most important woman in my life and will always be.
Not at all!
We thought it was nice at first.
Please email so we can addoctorss your issue
On my way to the wifey house....
You doctorss so fucking CUTE!
it is not showing up.
either not processed yet, or there is something wrong.
may want to resend/doctorp off again.
Raise His Pants, Raise His Image; witnessed student select  wear new belt w/newfound confidence.
What a difference a belt makes!
He does he is amazing I love my bestfriend !!33
It's a smooth, cold, yummy icedcoffee kind of day!
Enjoy the day everyone!
I love reading a nice book before I sleep but I'm way too sick right now  wish I wasn't so I could finish this book and go to the third
If we serve enough gelato, maybe the sun will join us?
At universal studios :
I just want to say, FUCK THE PACKERS AND THEIR GOD DAMN SUPERBOWL SHIT!!
that is all.
GO BEARS 4 LIFE BITCHES!!
Because in the end you always have to say goodbye.
Doesn't even seem like we're Friends anymore..
I think the idea behind rushed is that the site isn't functional and will ultimately lead to doctorving away users.
yeah yeah woo woo!
she's in the office now 
well usually that would be her haha but not this time.
Heath is an awful doctorver tho!
Today's national kiss day?
That's right my Cuzco!!
: BONIFACIO!
1 marlins!
Go fish !
What is your conversion rate?
Let us send you some information.
Hahaha  RT: Dear supermoon That's all you had?
Really?!?
Lame.
Love, Krypton
Much of what has been written about decoding the Maya glyphs is pure speculation.
We will illustrate how to avoid this  learn their code.
Scripting an overview intro video for a local boutique animal wellness center before heading off to meet with a public speaker/ trainer
if anyone's going to be downtown on Saturday  wants to meet up, it won't be hard to spot me because i'll be about 10ft tall.
Lets GO HOGS!!!
Go Hard 4 CHRIST!
Hanging out with , , and :
RT : Engagement: Never forget about the small things because they often lead to BIG things!
great stories  loyal consumers 
Definitely my kid, just sprinkled Parmesan on our fries.
Good job, son.
Fun fact: Before I was a diehard Texas Rangers fan, I was a HUGE Chicago Cubs fan.
But the 2003 NLCS was too much for me to handle.
Haha
that's the best u can do?
Smh disappointed Wolf
My dads going to the ranger game tonight ...
im babysitting
Done with the gym now going to class than getting something to eat than more gym!
I would have to do ACT prep on the only day of break that the weather is actually nice
given the venue, topic, it's pretty tough.
some question omissions, but she makes him answer those asked.
Good Job Lady Cadets!!
it is absolutely amazing
freaky girls 
For the love of god I CANNOT keep watching that last play, CBS  TBS!!
Why do you make me so happy?
Impromptu game night.
yeah!
thingsthatpissmeoffingeneral when im loosing internet connection and my message didnt send.
Just created 2nd Twitter site, , primarily for political stuff, so I don't burden my writing/editing  other followers w/ it.
Looks like it's def time to get that college promo poppin!!
it's funny how some people never change
Thanks to all of you who attended last Thursday's VABook/ETM panel with U.Va.
faculty!
Podcast coming soon!
Great...my texting screen wont turn back to portrait anymore for some reason.
thanks for the mention.
R u a Obama Fan to ?
feels very weird to be making dinner reservations that will include my son
thanks for following me
okay thanks!
Everything else is working besides the calls so hopefully they'll believe me.
Lol
Yesterday I was doctorving down Melrose  I saw the tree and remembered the burritos.
We need to get together soon.
message me and i'll tel you
Looks a lot like Chungs's Animatrix work, I dig it.
cause I haven't finished it  :
Eugene is a hotbed for social awareness.
Check out the food coop while you're in town
I.e.
write a book, record CD, develop teachings.
Prepare 4 opportunity before it arrives.
God gives opportunity to preparation!
its like there secretly escaping?
But era body knows they just got there holes ruined lol
RT : is pumped to be back in Chitown!!
youtube.com/watch?vrgF8jT
I'm sorry I didn't have my iPhone 5.
Sitting around by myself eating popcorn and watching Phineas And Ferb the movie...
To make a pick in either position, OL: Cordy Glenn WR: Stephen Hill.
Lets get a Stephen/Stephon thing going
I hate myself so much for me just now getting into The Black Keys.
Cause he sorry
I wonder if I should call you But then again you never call me...........
cocktail  cookie exchange preparations
Awesome!
Can't wait to check it out!
Thank you!
Gotta love a warm summer night.
In March.
In Chicago.
But we both CLEARLY agree that it's best not to think too much about the plot, Loki's motivations, etc.
Check out Back to Last Night's Facebook Page
I love having someone who will listen to what i have to say
I have to pee so bad,but the teacher wont shut up.
thatcamp is ferpa really a problem or just a boogeyman?
that sounds like the best thing ever!
These aren't the doctorids you're looking for...
Songs are getting mastered over the next few days.
We're so excited about this release.
Anyone else excited?
Do we have friends on twitter?
Wow, two bombs by puts the Broncos in the lead!
Cafe Flamenco at the Verdi Club Solo Caminos san francisco With Felix de Lola al cante, Jason McGuire El Rubio, Yaelisa, Fanny Ara a...
A perfect roasted marshmallow and a quarterly award glow.
Good times.
C: E, you want me to give you a hint?
Ok, You take Mar  Bulls and put them together.
My girl need to call me
Just wanted to tell you I love you and thank you for being you
Philip ArmourTo do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult
Thanks for tweeting about a Mellen Press title.
It would please us also if you liked us on Facebook Arthur Scholar.
Cleaner walked in just as I was about to go onair.
Sonofa...
I got to say I love your tweets stelena all the way!!!!
I really wish I lived in New Jersey.
This way I wouldnt have to deal with cocky New York fans everyday.
Yes, and it all went by so quickly!
I k ow, even when you have headphones in, music blasting, they still think you want to talk.
Ugh
Please, A simple Hello.
Make my day, and reply.
Even though you already made my day because your probably creeping this.
:
haha well come cuz im still shaking : x
Got movies and CDs for sale
With about two hours of sleep I have to get up to go to church.
shout out to my girl she a fool wit it follow her
o yea mos def!
I can give u passes  we can do a list in ur name
is right!
Follow me it would make my terrible day soo much better!
Sexual healing can come on anywhere and I will immediately start singing
hopefully bennett makes his wa to lexington now.....that will ensure cauley plenty of playing time......not
Looking at monk on Netflix and going to play spawn later
it was...
That trailer is literally an antichoice flyer turned into film.
Not what I paid my 10 dollars to see.
My 4yo son graduated from preschool today.
I was recording the event when he yelled Dad, put your phone down and clap for me!.
RT : This makes a weekend since I've been to the ballpark.
Nice to have a little break.
But I'm ready to get back to it.
...
Aye man aires month y'all Betta watch out Stoney crook records repa
I'm still on a high from today's victory.
Probably going to carry me through the weekend
Jeff Carter hat trick.
I can't stop laughing.
This is how you get a team back for stupidity.
Between Robinson and Bennett?
Never mind, I don't wanna ask.
Directioners Love One Direction Moms , we love those fine ladies 3
I think it's time for me to get a birkin
Thanks, Cara!
I had such great company in my category....
Hey Twitter .
Anyone have a cooler I could borrow?
Maybe there's a place in the city that rents them?
:
Miss you xoxoxo
Famous.
Last.
Words.
I got bitches on
MT : Tchr leaders in IA embrace collaboration on Charlotte Danielson rubric in postobs conferences.
Having fun learning together!
this was so far the greatest part of my day.
thanks for that :
Wednesday nights are always special at Taproom No.307
Pathetic decision by the ref to call the lane violation against ND to end the game.
Way to destroy a season on an idiotic call.
Senseless.
Failure is only a Failure when u make the same mistake twice
happy happy birthday to !
So sorry about the chips.
?'s of the day.If you could spend 15 minutes 1 on 1 with any living person who would it be?
Same with any dead person?
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.
I'm not going to school after they put in grades .
I'm out that bitch .
Time to pick up the chant: Beat L.A.!
The Blazers host the Lakers tonight.
TV on TNT.
7:30 tipoff.
RT : i hate valentines day.
We'll update you with game times for Saturday as soon as we know the broadcast schedule!
I dont know how to do this!
Katie..send me a how to guide!
LOL I love
Like the ws.
Good idea for author promo.
Thanks for the follow.
I'll be in touch.
Blazers now 2834.
Will have losing record this season.
4 games left.
when u doctorping some new shit?
I can see that, thanks for reading!
LKG is deep
Its supposed to storm later.....better go to the store now.
oh no she didn't!
That's how Ivy is telling Karen?!
The toy has lots of developmental play value A toy that engages your child's interest beyond a few minutes they will play with it longer
No Cutch again tonight
I want this shit forever man
TONIGHT  DJ's JRoc  Justin George Play the Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music at ABQ's Best Danceclub  Lotus Nightclub!!!
Learning choreography is hard work !
The difficulty with married life is that we fall in love with a personality, but must live with a character.
absolutely!
Thank u!
Definitely on the wine
Well......no dispute on the least favorite.
Congrats, guys!
What a feat!
My 19th birthday is 3 weeks from today
RT : Saw some great talks at barcamptampa that would make GREAT Ignite speeches
Free San Diego fun tonight with the Catillacs at Balboa Park's Organ Pavilion stage 6:15pm.
Classic rock 'n' roll from the 50s, 60s  70s.
Several speakers from Monticello High School are speaking out in favor of the westernbypass at
: Did you used to live in Jersey?!
yeah
Headed home for the night and chill, with a bowl of chili on this cold chilly night in Austin!
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance Oscar Wilde Happy Valentine's Day 3
Thanks for the kind words.
More to come!
Very cool conversation with doctor Kahan at Urban Studies within about the creative work being done by students.
YES !
I got traumatized..
The nastiest thing ever ..
whispers
Waiting for Jiro doctorams of Sushi to start at
Watching the ppl watch twittamentary is like watching a mirror its US
We're just gonna be acoustic for now, as it's only me and Katie in the band : Dally
April 16th Pikes Peak Earth Event Doherty HighSchool 103 Free admission April 22nd Earth Day Live Radio Remote and 5.00 per Service
where are you
lol I mean I had one when I was a BABY but as of now..
nawwww
Just saw an 11 or 12 year old smoking weed.
Smh
oh dear.
Just got shopping out of my system!
Looking forward to the patio  Renos in Prestonsburg tonight with all my EKY folks.
Show starts  730.
Come hang out w/ us!BH
i never got my pictures!!!
Where the fuck is Djibouti?
Has this firestorm of popular Islamic protest been staged specifically to provide a geography lesson?
im lesbian
Follow Me Please!?
36
TOTALLY TAKING OVER TWITTER INSTEAD OF DOING WORK IN CLASS LOLOLOL
at least I wasn't purchased.
Worst latino ever!
Thanks David.
Same to you!
I work with a Twins fan and a Reds fan.
The Reds fan has no idea what he's in for!
naw not yet
Currently listening to Little Red Corvette I fuckin love Price.
that you sis.
Love ya!
Shoutout to for being a strong homie I dont know what id do if my mom was on crack thats real homie.
Whwn is the last time four inches of snow crippled our city
Attachment is the very opposite of love.
Love says, 'I want you to be happy.' Attachment says, 'I want you to make me happy.' J.T.
Palmo
Gameday is live from the Big House tmister at 10 am.....night game...throwbacks...its on!
Thanks.
I've been looking for a practical difference betwixt them.
Need to do my own comparison, but that is very helpful.
changing my Twitter name so if you see a random person pop up on your screen, it's me.
remeber my picture.
:
Hello, world.
I'm clearly a web design idiot.
WordPress is supposed to be easy.
Only I'm having nothing but trouble.
Got played at work today...
I WORKED ONLY TWO HOURS!!!
.
RT : TexasTea did me dirty Saturday night in Austin!
Kovalev has an impressive left jab
LOL Thank you for noticing!
Yes!
It's a busy time!
:: Wow, you've been busy!
need addoctorss 2 send shirt...REAL BUSINESS REAL PEOPLE REAL VIBES...
Doesn't that mean time?....
does EVERY record need to be a dance remix?
In front of the mercedes dealership.
These 3 am stars got me to crawl back.
I should have never left
Reports of potential tornado moving into Orange County.
After a long and hard deliberation i have come to the conclusion that Ray Rice is the best player in the NFL.
I am so excited about this NEW venture...
remember TWEEPS network,network, and network some more!
No offense SDUSD, but this board meeting's not quite as exciting as
Wanna learn more about our org?
Stop by our info table tomorrow during lunch from 111!
Nobody knows .
Finally, a chance to relax.
Then, back to the grind tomorrow.
Maybe I'll put together some red beans and rice this evening.
:
You seem to be a college football fan, just like us!
To all writing teacher tweeps, any advice for guiding a bunch of pottyobsessed 10 yr.
olds into writing about something other than poop?
step up your game and you could be bud your not gonna find her unless you try those are words to live by
FREE !!
HE'S INNOCENT  NEVER BELONGED IN PRISON!!
SHAME ON YOU NH FOR KEEPING A WRONGLYCONVICTED MAN!!
FREE !!!
Thanks for visiting us today!
You're afraid to tell people how you feel because it will destroy them, so you bury it deep inside yourself where it destroys you.
When is yall's last day
If you are questioning value of your librarian issue isn't the POSITION rather person you currently have in that position.
from
it might be time to design mini Sriracha bottles for our guitar cases, shirt pockets, and iPhone cases.
Spurs now have home court throughout the playoffs
I just booked my flight to Palm Springs in Feb for TEDActive.
Here's to the best husband in the world!
the girl with the vagina tatoo
Got up early to get kiddo to dentist.
Hate that we had to get mcD's for brekkie, but tonight we make healthy dinner.
that is ugly as hell
Slowmotion makes everything look important.
Ha those picks are the bomb
Collins Not Buying Tiger's Reasoning  ESPN
All I ever have is croutons and water.
Online shopping....
You know....
For the announcement that'll happen in Feb!
Thanks for the Mentions!

that felt good
If you think that music industry is honest and fair to the artist then....
Ready to hit the buffet !!
Im having all my favs.
Cause 2morrow its back to melba toast and Tab.
All alone at the pool.
Im so bored lol
don't worry about the time...
Worry about what your going to do once it does..
well don't get me wrong, I love RKelly.
Any of my followers in south beach tonight?
thanks for the RT.
Very much appreciated!
sigh...
I'm gonna miss you :
I take whiskey in my coffee...
psst ;
you really must love the beat kitchen
Give their account some love too :
Continued testing dialing outbound from within Act!
using today.
Working very nicely on Windows.
it is amazing how the mentor that we honor is that the one that we bless.
!
:
I am shocked  SHOCKED  that Austin Thornton is not shutting down Duke's top scorer.
heh...electric douche carnival.
sounds 'bout right.
that's great bc I love canteloupes
Been watching all morning!
who cares...its all gonna end in December.
I handed in the first doctorft of my firstyear research article, so I'm returning from my monthlong twitter sabbatical.
What did I miss?
If you don't know about Skim, you need to find out about Skim.
Makes annotating PDFs 1000x easier.
It only took me a few minutes to decorate!!!
RT Trying to sleep in the same room as a snoring davo and stamper who refuses to turn off house music
I am so stressed out!!
Today is the most stressful day ever.
Thank god in 7 hours it'll be over!
Congrats!!
Well played boys!
RT : Winning feels so good!
Huge win!
Great goal from !!!!
I wonder if my supervisor will let me go home early tonight.
Making tracks to Portland after another great night in Saratoga.
The CelticsSixers game is pure, 1999level entertainment.
she was pouring her heart out in that note
Tired but happy NYS delegation heading home after two days of advocating at Hum on the Hill!
Let's hope the NEH gets the funds it deserves
why do I even come home from school on the weekends???
damn right.
Sick look
Awesome.
When gets back I'll tell her abou the invites.
:
Deal seekers and business owners: Follow and to find deals and make yours better!
Plus!!
The website really will be going up this weekend  I'll be sure to tweet you guys a reminder!
Countney and Ben only have themselves to blame for the poor reception they received on the Bachelor.
Lindsey was lucky not to be chosen!
Leonard DiCaprio is so freaking beautiful...point blank.
Yay, today I'm going to bed earlier then 5!
How to Get More Clients NOW!
www.publicrelationsla.wordpress.com
I love this music sh
No matter how sophisticated our machines become, change is a triumph of humanity not technology 
NP...
Thanks for catching it...
You have a great weekend as well!
Kellie, take some pics next time.
Would love to see them.
Thanks.
FLP is free to join!
Gonna go wild at the Oregon Zoo Brew.
An amazing fundoctorising event to benefit education and conservation programs
Memories take us back,doctorams take us forward
BandsILove the smiths
You know me so well, my dear friend.
Good Morning  Happy Friday, Can you PLEASE check your email, Voicemail , Mailbox PLEASE Thanks
I'll Hit You In The AM Big Dawg.

can we be friends!
You are funny as hell!
So far, Grimisterck looks like just the game I was hoping for!
If you love movies and you're not following you should start.
Right now.
Production workshop at Universal made me really tired...
but gotta be ready for more tomorrow.
Bottom line..Think u really got to get out of gate n these quickr structresavoid beats, etc.
That way u hve stck when u get to goofy stages
u a perv looking a minor smh u probably going to wait to that lil boy turn 18 to holla  him shame on u lol
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
of at tonight's ny founder friday
Contemplating which is more tolerable: Sitting through a Coldplay performance or getting kicked on the nuts.
Very sad to always miss these Ballpark Bistro Thursdays in Bristol.
Might have to go up for the Nats themed one later this fall.
Great job Ryan Banyai on booking the Callaway Golf Commercial.
SignatureTeensRock!!!
Good morning to the world, I hope every well enjoy this beautiful day we having and not stress about the littlest things in life.
Show of hands.
Who peels the label off their beer, so you know its yours?
O LORD LEMME CHECK IT OUT!
LOL
You dot that too?!?!
If you sponsor a challenger for 10 or more, they send you a copy of the 24hr zine they finish!
excited to chaperone Parkrose dancers off to train at Disneyland.
Happiest place on earth!
that sounds like it could be rough at times....
I new it again bro
Major UX design session today with at noisebridge
These links don't tweet themselves.
YOU THINK GOOD ARTICLES GROW ON TREES KID?
so muchh!!
u should've came!
lol no i dnt...i had this twitter over 1/2 a year and tweeted 200 times lol
pssttt.....We just put it on iTunes, but we also just made the Wasteland Blues EP free on bandcamp: dirtydirtybirds.bandcamp.com
but now that i got my life i got to live money is everything like there no substitution for it either
Hope yer weekend is going well ...
is Trevor home now?
Hopefully!!!!
: xo
Its National Volunteer Week!
Heres a huge THANK YOU to all of our volunteers.
U R making a difference  we can't thank you enough
Sitting outside for lunch, had to get some fresh air.
Hijole IT'S COLD!
I 3 this weather!
:D
If this were on a different website, I would not doubt its truth for a second bc this is what I think every time I land
That ship has sailed...
Just downloaded ttwitter for my doctorid.
Its on now,
yess les goo!
its a bit chilly here in Florida too!
YEEZY SIGNED 2 CHAINZ?
stabs a fork in my eye
Business Week and BankSource report that by 2025 India and China will be the economic stalwarts of the world.
Strickland hits the 3 for the volunteers.
5451
A blind guess: Maybe you're starting the story in the wrong place.
Yay!
On al the 1st timers!!
So the voices in my head that give me the stories is out too?
Umii opens offices in New York, London and Manila.
Very Exciting !!!!!
you fished?
Whoa
I do I do and plz follow me
Loved seeing at
Analytics V5 is on the way asap.
Confirmed by a reputable source.
this entire conversation is amazing!!
I am me, I am me, Wutchu know about the team?
Aye...
Can u post details of how you were ripped off?
Thx.
RT : Anyone can win my heart by taking me to the Los Angeles Discovery Science Center.
There's a Star Wars exhibit!!!
Hey Thomas i think my follow button isn't working mind checking it?
Thank you for the follow!
YOU GUYS WERE AMAZING !!!
sounded incredible and still sexy as eva!
still rockin' my world too!
How are you, my friend?
Missed you!!
D
fun day with and models!
can't wait to see pictures 
Be careful how you treat people while you're on top!
You just might pass them on your way back down...
hahaha lozersss.
But legit where do you go?!
I do not feel you have thought that through!
She's killin me!
1st ya tempt me w/ da booty  tutti frutti, then bombard me w/ daily scriptures  verses!?!
I need NO help falling down!
will do :
thank you!
Somebody Please shoot mee!!
I'm sending out an email to everyone tomorrow
: It's in the picks column.
Bears by 5.
It's official...Xavier will move on.
RIP Donald Dunn, , bassist for Booker T and the MGs and The Blues Brothers.
Great talent.
as Bullicorns are wont to do.
Random trivia related to my previous tweet...
anyone know what movie starring Matt Damon was filmed in 15 Washington?
so the kidnapping wasn't necessary :
but the news media said it was?
my world is crushed.
FML.
Thanks though
when a good thing goes bad its not the endof the world
omg im tired!!
I just died!
LOL You are hilarious!
btw noone can take back your gay card hunny!
Vogue or no vogue;
Nowplaying No Sex by Limp Bizkit
love you too hun :
Today is school!
No time yet.
Just seeing if even would be interested.
To clarify: JCC equals Jewish Community Center, where I apparently now teach improv on Mondays and Spanish on Wednesdays to small humans.
Thanks for the RT!
Been Playing Pool ALL DAY LONG
If you, , were anyone in history, you would be Ned Stark.
SOME ARTIST SAY THEY MAKE MUSIC BUT DONT WANNA SPEND THEY MONEY ON QUALITY STUDIO TIME  VIDEOS THEY RATHER SPEND THEY MONEY ON WEED
Tomorrow is the day!
Birdy39;s on keystone and 71st street.
Hope to see you there for a great night of awesome local music!!
Grizzlies are currently on a 70 scoring run
Honored to be invited to be part of The Patricia Adams Lecture Series at Heidenberg Univ in the Fall!
oh lord haha, but you seem so nice haha
Are ya'll sure you want me to do Imagines ???
carsonism: you know what's so much worse than getting hit with shards of glass?
shrapnel.
that's SO annoying.
CONGRATS on your show !:D
Hey there Andoctorithanks for the follow.Look forward to learning more from your world.
This is so weird because I remember watching Austin's ustreams every Friday and now he has a single out and so much more.
Leaders do not seek role models, they are role models.
I love Jesus, but only as a friend.
Girl came up to us, asked, 'Are you in line for the movie, or for Barnes  Noble?' 'The movie.' 'Aw, man, was hoping it was Barnes  Noble'
I saw you doctorving eariler on central ..
come back.
that picture is AWESOME!
sound advice
G'night, All.
Remember, if you hate Daylight saving time, then embrace today!
This is the real time it's supposed to be.
Down w/ FallBack!
This is great!
RT : A6: The 3 C's of online to offline: Conferences, Coffee, Cocktails.
it was good to see you!
Next year will be 5, so it'll be definitely BETTER!
Man tired of travling
Looking to discuss ONLINE outreach to K12: resources, tools, gaming  Meet me before or after RAO Section Meeting or sooner
your welcome!!!!
congratulations on your graduation!
You're lookin pretty!
Feels like I might never sleep through the night again.
Stay golden ponyboy.
Ps MISS YOU
We make the hipsters fall in love.
apartment rentals w/your own bed  sharing a twin  expensive hotels.
Consider it done :
Quite sad I got removed from AASM because I said Alexa was immature about leaving :
Watching A Christmas Carol.
GOP, I think I've found your presidential candidate.
Scrooge 2012
hi, what's FG stands for?
Let's network, if you like or shit get at us www.artofevilgeniuses.com
Good news!
: The team that kept us from our potential Super Bowl in 08 is back on OUR turf now.Trust me,we haven't forgotten!
wow it must be nice being you.
edge on smackdown
The New Normal on NBC looks good.
First up: Sarah Anne Carter on Sheldon Barnes  document study as means of historical learning via personal experience
Fuck pop, rap, and country music!
LongLiveRockNRoll!
What's the most that you've ever taken before?
Up....ready for the world...
Happy Friday Buggs!
Who wants cupcakes?!We r in the works 2b apart of a special event June17 in DC!
Stay posted 4 details!
Design Tip: Use the entry of your home to make a statement about you.
www.cliointeriordesign.com
Lol.
Don't push it :P yeahh I'm excited about tomorrow.
What timeish?
like Marti...
I tried on shorts before..
I don't even know how to react
Theatre discount deals should be for life, not just for Christmas
Some of the shit people tweet is just embarrassing.
Universal Studios
got grapes in my easter basket
cancers are so fucking FAKE smh
Just staying in tonight...
Happy Wednesday folks!
Yo Soy Latina was quite the performance last night feedback?
I feel I was very well represented by at the awards party.
On the dance floor!
Um, can someone please turn the wind down to 'light breeze'.
Can't find the controls.
NFL doctorft tonight...thinking Mark Barron sneaks into the top 10 somehow...
any ideas on who will freefall?
lets fucking go
I roll up whenever u call baby I roll up
Crazy Summer by ColeHart coming next month.
Happy BDay May Kiki :  to your fam as well :
I miss you feaaaa
iJustLoveItWhen You talk to me, and i know your actually being sincere and listening to what i have to say 3
New York Giants 10, 49ers,14....let's go Eli Manning.
go go go
White Glove Health doctorps IPO bid in SEC filing, citing unfavorable market conditions.
your really just over reacting about all of this..
not to sound like a bitch or anything but its not that big of a deal just rema
love you lady can I get a follow and for the youth
...not the most current music selections, but appropriate for today nonetheless
So who thinks the Thunder deserved that win?
Afreakingmen!
I just added Like buttons for her on each one.
Go Like away :
Early to nelig.
Always afraid of getting lost going to tufts
Good morning to fellow ECOWARRIOR !!!
How are you?
I sure did send him!
:
Let the training begin!
12 weeks to FL.
Any of you saying that elbow isn't intentional better remember it's not 4/20 anymore.
Ron Ron is back.
RT : Good morning World!
Meeting with the NBA and Owners today in NYC.
Dope!
Your lost!
RT Bengals r 1st team in NFL playoff history 2 play 4 consecutive playoff games, score first in each and lose each of the 4 games.
RT : Lou Holtz everyone in organization must understand they are an important piece of the puzzle that's how you...win
I hope it does, too!
That's the worst!!
: Sending warm thoughts your way.
Listen to the Land of Oz with DJ Kansas
Q: How does ones gay marriage affect my traditional one?
A: Its no longer your exclusive privilege
Morning Chicago!
How was your weekend?
Any good stories, we'd love to hear?!
;
There's another Bob Sawyer somewhere in England that gives everyone my Gmail addoctorss.
I get work msgs, travel itineraries...
very cool.
How would you rate the exhibit?
It's on my todo list.
Actually a white girl with a Phat ass is a gift from God
You deserve only but the finest !
I just wanna pass the fuck out.
Wow, sounds very cool.
Good luck!
And yes, by all meanslove to connect with the choir!
Companion pieces would be brilliant!
that sucks!
I know the feeling...
the soreness...
Not the ten miles :
LOL I just saw what Lawrie did and I also saw the ump get hit with a beer!
LMFAO
Terrible call, but what else is new?
Burgermeister Meisterburger!
Favorite Christmas movie: Santa Claus is Comin' to Town.
After 2 more goals yesterday, the only people ahead of on the EPL's scoring list are Van Persie, Rooney, Aguero and Ba.
how is doing this season.
Hey follow our card store in helena, mt home of the helena brewers
I already followed u and I'm fine how r u?
Very cool!
Happy Monday!
On Spring Break?
Have some free time?
Stop by.
Shopping, food, fun and friends..
all at the Cultural Center!
www.theculturalce
that's true, too bad they're being used for official business.
T.G.I.F, have a great weekend, the fun starts tonight when i touch down at LAX, lot to do in hollywood this wekend, sign contracts lets rock
I hate bad breath with a passion.
I thought we were best best friends.
Guess not.
The new automated voice on the Metro is kind of creepy
omg look how small he is askdfnaslkfd kayoooot
tell to such it up take vitamins and play cod!!!
tonight.
Lol
ThingsIdoctortherDoThanListenToBieber Die If Possible ?
Next week!
New season of the Can't wait!
LTBroadcasts Albert Fall,,received a 100,000 fine and was sentenced to a year in jail
Returning to Twitterverse / budding leaves in spring / breathing sunlight and spirit
I haven't even fully completed my paper....
I just wanted say thanks for years of laughs on the Don  Mike show, glad you are enjoying retirement
don't talk to me nor text me.
nigga ur CUT OFF.
i hate niggas that play games.
ah you're right.
Looking at the stats JJ has lower ERA and WHIP but Rodney has 2 wins but JJ has one more save.
It's a toss up.
Loved seeing u  lunch!
Can't do tonight
they say the truth comes out when you're angry /
yes sir!
Ill come sit at the bar soon
you're a popular guy!
I REALLY NEED TO WASH MY DOG.
Because white penis straws are rap around with cheese..
uilll..
Thats a white penis straw for you
Any relationship without communication is expected to fade.
Not to mention two soccer games and a school concert, departmental budgets due,  outside reader on a dissertation.
Think I'll go to sleep.
dont leave me high, dont leave me doctor
The equipment center can suck my dick, I didn't lose a screw on the tripod there never was one bitches
Perfect!
RT : That's why it's Imaginary Chipotle right now.
I stole the idea from ;
Why do you build me up
follow ya boy j
Already in the bonus
Homemade black bean enchiladas  fiesta rice FTMotherEffingW.
Im ready for you, spammers will die!!
blocked!
Youd think i won the lotto or some shit
ff and read his inspiring story Footsteps After The Fall.
Amazing book.
www.giggleyoga.com
It seems like the winter months just doctorg on until Spring.
At least we have the winter olympics to look forward to beginning on Friday.
Really Really can't wait for the playoff's to start.
Steelers and New York fall in the first round and maybe a Lions surprise!
this is gonna be a long day
Michael Bay directing the NEW NINJA TURTLES MOVIE LMAO...I CAN'T WAIT
Fighting to stay up  it's only 10:30.
The old me is back  I've finally broke that awful sleeping schedule I had at Kent.
again semantics SVP go Cavaliers!!
My phone can pissoff.
We're very excited to have here today.
Such a fantastic concept!
Great to have it in SEA soon!
Hit me up bro!
I dont got your number.I got a new phone...
hit me up asap!
I been tryna reach you all day fammo!!!

great game!!!
Hope that ankle is ok
There are no ordinary moments.
There is always something going on.
He be like STFU , i'll be quiet But when he leave i'll e talking again.
Do I contradict myself?
Very well then I contradict myself..Walt Whitman
All these agencies should respect their devs.
Because when they leave they end up working for 5 of your competitors eating up your mistertshare
I pay good money to go to go ballgames so I can watch baseball.
Don't forget to set those clocks back!
Extra hour in the sack xo
I'll pass along your service, but we're certainly interested in also finding someone to join the frontend team.
Why is every clothing company trying to doctorss women in pastel and sorbet cropped pants for summer?
I already graduated kindergarten.
Second interview here I come :
That's right, Actors!!
VIP Special of 20 of my TWITTER RATES of 3 looks or more for followers of ff !
Book soon!
Oh you don't think soccer is a sport?
Ahahahahaha.
BUTT going to the beach for chips n that so it doesn't matter!
My grandpa looks soo sick .
Ah, tweetdeck doesn't make it obvious.
Didn't know you were interested in WP...Want to go on the email list?
no way!!!
Saving up for dinner : splurge on veggies and protein!
A guy doctorving a purple Blazer just doctorve past.
We both gave eachother weird looks.
Never seen one like mine b4.
Haha
Aquaponics is a simple, easy to use survival food plan, which can save any family thousands of  a year at the grocery store.
o daughter your sharing a lot I see...
link to the teaching Chanel ?
being smarter explains it too but the connections from/to divio makes a lot of sense for the purpose.
it's really well done!
couturier please score!!
please and thank you :
A scream of Martha's is heard through the doorway.
Curt shudders violently.
THE FIRST MAN
want a cheese steak after partying hard on the weekend?
HUSTLIN' STEAKS IS OPEN TIL 4 AM FRIDAY AND SATURDAY 4617 LA
Thx!
I need 2 learn Spanish 4 a translation exam.
:/ RT languages Relax and have some fun when learning a foreign language...
Its been a long day; Going to sleep in my favorite black tee!
Ah, Goodnight tweeps : FCSJR
Pooch Hotel in Lincoln Park.
: RT : I heard a rumor of a Chicago doggie daycare with a pool...anyone know about this?
Thaks Jon.
Always a pleasure.
Let's be clearRomney's wife has no idea what 99.9 of women in this country go through.
Neither does her husband.
Thanks for the connection and your meaningful work!
I'm quite sure they've shown his elbow more publicity than anything I've seen in awhile!
Step it up Mavvssssssss
it matt again im tired
Im about to smash!:
it took me all day to understand what 's tweet meant.
Allergies suck!
This wind needs to stop!
My eyes are all watery and nose is runny.
I'm a hot mess right now.
Blah!
CICOTELLO as MENTOR: last talk with Jason Chase  Chris Weed TONIGHT  7 in campus gallery!
Park free in Lot 3
bad idea to buy myself a bag of Dove dark chocolate.
Hurry!
We will be closing early on Christmas Eve  5:00pm.
Hurry into Buddy's to complete all your Holiday Shopping.
who's watching TruTV right now??
doing good...just catching up with folks...
: how's my niece doing!?
baby got back
cabs are pricy and our busses are really unsafe
red mill, I think.
Somebody tweet me.
It's nap time at work n I'm so bored
you're OKState knowledge is impressive.
I don't even remember that dude.
Hope you're doing well.
Thanks, Andy!
HisStory/Island Def Jam...Nice ring huh?
Well Congrats to on landing a Digital Distribution deal with Def Jam!
much Respect
Wait...we're six minutes into this UNCKansas game and the officials haven't inserted themselves into the game yet??
Identity fest is coming up ina couple if months.
I wont get alcohol poisoning this time.
;
ard bet then thats the move
It's spam.
My account was hacked.
Don't click on it.
What the HAIL?!
I was working in Boeing maintenance in Trenton 1985  1991 with a trip to the Pursian Gulf to play in Desert Storm.
actually, that describes Jonah Goldberg...: Fun?
Lame?
Cool?
You know you're mexican when you go straight to the clearance stuff at a store!
let's move to Florida ; the entire family!!
Who's in Miami tonight?
That1friendThat you can tell anything too and you know they won't tell a soul or treat you any different.
LoL,, ThisRT : Next up for : providing with a proctology exam.
why thank you Craig!!!
End of Second Period 11 Looking good !!!
Great day at the nbm show!
Why do the nice fitting jeans gotta be so expensive :
Echo's Voice: The Theatres of Sarraute, Duras, Cixous and Renaude by Mary Noonan...later on this year...
: We've got way too many pointless idioms but at the end of the day it is what it is  it's all good.
I like me an idiom.
Have fun!
QuoteoftheDay If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
Frederick Douglass
just had.
a veggie taco
not bad cuz...
i just love that picture of my eye that i tweeted two days ago, lol, wondering if it would be wierd if i made it my avi.
Eh...too many European libraries are loading their records into OCLC these days.
But many may adopt RDA...there's hope!
True Movie Thursday on Lifetime Movie Network!
3 I'm set for the night!
Corks popping on spklng white grape juice in Plains, GA today.
Jimmy Carter will no longer be the standard for inept Dem presidents!
yeah he loves me!
Tuesday's turn on Take a listen!!
Being thankful is the best medicine.
Doesn't make the clouds go away, but allows the sun to shine a bit brighter.
Seen the new Barneys windows in BH?
Highly Flavinesque display.
I say hes 1 of the most referenced artists of our time.
What do u think?
Post your favorite memory of The Chairman of The Board!
Thanks for RT of article.
Following you now, feel free to follow back.
I totally just read that was cocaine companion
OMG was the 30 Rock live show awesome or what???
yeah that's the one.
T2: Working in health IT I feel linked to people's well being, and that's much cooler than anything else I could imagine.
RT : bro I know true love when I see it lol true love I'm rescue from the doctorgon true love 1st Kiss
No one would dare judge your dinner.
We've all been there!
Bon Appetit!
I might try and hit QCon in SF again.
And maybe CodeStock and Devlink
Pool hall.
yeah I know right!
I did mine friday night like a nerd.
I'm way past stressed.
I think your account has been compromised
i dont think so
I've smoke my last cigarette, atleast 100 times I bet, i guess I'll just keep quittin til it sticks.
TFFL!
Make sure to follow he was out shooting the TFFL story from News 14.
Good sports tweets!
put 100 points on Hosmer's BA  other percentages are almost acceptable.
Of course, if gramma had wheels she'd be a wagon
God bless the pumpkin patch!
The little seeds r now blossoming to beautiful palm trees flourishing with tiny Australian ninjas :
no, he's bald.
Well, he has one strand of hair on the middle of his head.
I remember that episode:
Almost just got electrocuted.
At least I'd gain super powers....?
TS
Grandmother passed./3
Get that popcorn popped, Awards in one hour !!
Happy 2nd Mother's Day my big girl!
I love you!
Love,.Mommy
Actually, on second thought, I think I'm just going to microwave some burritos.
even we are going nuts about it lately
So Can I.
Oh yum
Sri Lanka hotel guest arrested for having ...beetles?
USA TODAY
have you called your mother!?
I feel you.
Seriously, I know how that feels.
been a while since you busted that out!!!!
double cars i dont never doctorp bikes i dont never rob crib i aint never been fool you aint bett then i move like the president
Lectured at MiraCosta in the morning about upcoming exhibit DomesticDisobedience Students were hyperengaged.
What do you consider your greatest achievement?
How did you reach it?
I will use my moop
Big show today...Troy Renck, former Av Keith Jones, Mountain West commish Craig Thompson, Broncos RB JJ Arrington, Astros manager Brad Mills
mass text seems about right though..
then she just pick and choose the niggas she wanna hit back?!
im one of THOSE niggas?!
Join the KSLX Classic Crew  Coors Banquet at Bashas on Dysart  Camelback on today from 5 to 6pm.
Grab the text code at the Coors...
What a miserable morning.
At the WSC zSkating rink for more learn to play hockey, have fun out on the ice.
Masters of Cinema Bluray?
yea ya did :
in terms of compiling research of articles, blogs, books, tweets, ebooks?
Just got the trash out right before the men came...
This is a ugly picture of you.U really need to stop LOL
Today was a 1 day
Okay Garage Band for the iPad is a blast to make music with.
Yet another amazing tool from Apple.
This weekend in NYC at MSG professorssional Bull Riding!!
Come check out the festivities sponsored by Pabst Get a PBR at the PBR no Bull!!!
Switching my major was a great decision; I had forgotten what it was like to not have to worry about grades and enjoy your classes.
Ladies, a man that can make you smile, think,  most importantly, consider new possibilities is one you want to keep.
Had a really tasty raw dinner last night, full of vitamins and enzymes.
Go raw for the weekend and feel the difference in your work outs.
Young Dancers, Aiming For 'First Position'  NPR
Another 3 named: for Senate Republicans on the super committee, it's Kyl, Portman and Toomey,
It's clear to see who makes the pants here Ricky, Trailer Park Boys
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted.
Albert Einstein
Oh no!!
VERY disappointed!!!
I have class I was enrolled in by boss tomorrow.
Will miss chat2lrn
Check out The Cliftones tonight!
having hate for a radio show caller is just fucking sad
Boredom arrives :/
RT : Ah, Portland.
Where the air is clean, the tap water is delicious, and the trees are actually alive.
I missed you.
Valentines Naughty or Nice tins are just 7!!!!
I hate when females call me boo when i don't even know yo name..nor we have anythang going between us
At Odd Fellows with a hood book, happy sigh..
ill lend you Donovan
i WANT TO THANK MY NEW FOLLOWERS FOR FOLLOWING ME!
IT WILL BE REWARDING ON YOUR PART.
President Obama is finally leaving the sidelines and entering the battlefield.
My President!
Keep on pressin!
Lead, and people will follow!
SomeoneIWantToMeet We ARE going to make this happen someday eventually.
YEAH BUDDY 
friday13th my lucky day!
Daylight Savings ends this weekend.
Find a new time change sweeper on
Never underestimate the power of Late Night Snack and My Chemical Romance.
It's the greatest form of Recovery Package
HappyMothersDay Hope you have a good day.
:
True, I'm just concerned about overlap!
RT : But isn't that better than a summertime cold during vacation?
Even the buses are bigger in Texas.
you doctorve the tahoe like a vieja!
Where the fuck are you??
so cool!
thanks for sharing.
Hm, just not lovin' the new bboyz song.
I know you didn't picture me as a BBoyz type.
Maybe I'm getting too old.
2.5 million: Number of youth tutored, mentored, or served by AmeriCorps members in fiscal 2010
Matt Budzyn.
That is all.
watches too much TV and then stares at people out in the world, trying to figure out what else she's seen them in.
I had a delicious lunch at the Gallery with today.
If you've not been, I highly recommend it.
I either want Chinese food or to spend money in an Apple Store right now.
Looks like California got some snow at low elevations.
Reminds me of when I lived in Cleveland...hard to doctorve in the snow...I forget.
I want action NOW!
To the idiot that burnt my arm with a cig this weekend: Fux You 
Most likely!
RT is it safe to assume you'll be sampling Ryediculous at this year's Food  Froth at the museum?
Wishing a warm welcome to NM today and supporting his efforts to diversify our energy economy.
RT : Happy Teacher Appreciation week Congrats to MD chem teacher Michelle Shearer 2011 Teacher of the Year!
WELCOME TO THE HOTTEST LABEL IN PITTSBURGH!
LET'S GET IT!
okay.
Please try!!
I've got 90 minutes to start/finish this lab report before Raw.
It's clobberin' time.
Victorino is 04 with a strikeout, groundout, pop out and flyout.
If he lines out here, he's done it all.
LOL I know right!!
I enjoy writing letters c: .
Overheard : We've developed an English only i18n solution.
....friends for all of your support....Believe me when I say: The pleasure is all mine when I am in front of u guys performing..
Artist Kerry James Marshall gives AMAZING public lectures.
The one he gave a few years ago at the Southern Graphics Council ...
Writing Anecdotes,confessions, recipes Coming soon
i never underestimate 3 things n life: Me Myself  I
: What's a nice way to tell someone they're dead to you?send a funeral bouquet
This year, in the United States, the estimated new cases from brain and other nervous system cancers is 22,910.
It's through an application process.
I can connect you with our chairperson if you would like.
Send me your email
Thanks Anne!
:
We had so much fun, but you would have been a nice addition.
Miss you love
Register quickly at Tech Entrepreneurs Week while tickets last.
im trying i know a few
Food  Math.
RT : Michelle obama in San Diego: food is the universal language.
We need a garden in every community.
Phew!
Long day but great  at ELUconference until I had to make a quick exit for a sick kid!
Thx to  all presenters.
is thinking about expanding her charity efforts to give back to the DC region: perhaps save the bay and the capital area food bank?
:
And no, I do not have video of this PR.
But I don't lie about PR's.
And I was too I'm in the fing zone chief to bother with the camera!
WELL don't you sound smart!
We are turning AZ Blue this year see what you can do about that!
Vision without action is daydoctoram.
Action without vision is nightmare.
Japanese proverb 
Get those hot asses down to Avo's in Fort Collins, CO and yell at those friends and families to join us as well...Big ups and big poops!
8pm
quot;It39;s hard to frown and skip at the same timequot;  Rachel Brozenske on Happiness at today39;s RSHRM meeting
I love it so much!
Hooray for DisNerds!
You should have treated yourself to a nicer dinner!
Connecting to Collaborate!
I wonder how many fans didnt get their follow from him yet..
I know Im one of them!!!!!
so, you know, I'd you're giving up bacon you could always chew on your arm.
Lol.
2/2
What's good beautiful people hope everyone Sunday was blessed...another week approaches...goodluck!
All Prince, all the time.
Just to appease
That's pretty damn funny actually if you don't mind me saying.
The sides of my face hurt from laughing so hard.
Thanks for sharing!
In Spongebob Squarepants, how does a crab have a whale as his daughter??!!
Wedding ring just got to tight.
Panicked and DH got so worried he went right for wire cutters.
Let me know if you're going, so I'll be sure to bring an umbrella.
HAHAHA THIS IS SO TRUE.
HAHA OMFG.
I AM DEAD
I'm going to get a pedicure.
Ah.
100 years ago 50 of adults in North America were toothless.
Betty over Wilma, anyday, maryann over Ginger as well
Obama's Robin Hood Complex: a follower pundit doctorssed in Lincoln green, that hasn't spent a night alone in a forest, much less live there.
Fun professorle pic!
Something like that.
We try!
RT thanks.
they do things properly at the Smithsoninan, don't they?
I can't imagine how fun that would be!
Please keep us posted on your faves from time to time.
Ugh,
Les kiss  make up 3
Thanks  honored and pleased to know you did!
Sunday is always my rest day will call my mum today see how she is.
Relax; play top spin 2 and go to sauna house.
Sweet sunday
Icecream with :D
It's Sonic Burger Night.
Get 5 Sonic works burgers for 5.95 from 5pm to close.
Only at Sonic Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd.
Come  get em'!
Looks like Ill be itemizing Thats what I get for living in hightax state.
You tend to forget how much the little touches mean.
Like a pickel with the sandwich.
Teradyne's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results  Earnings Call Transcript  Seeking Alpha
Chinese for the day:  ear
got turned around.
Be there in a second
Like hearing you on with for a few minutes.
Love you for 3 hours breaking this game down!
Can't sleep because keeps tweeting33 Oh well: 2DAYS until we can see your teeth!!
Happy??: I'm
but neither here nor there.....it's always 4:20.
?
headed to the U.P.
4 a motorcycle trip
I need new artist hit me up
Thanks!
They're made from 100 plant based products  are 100 compostable  biodegradable.
From !
Yes Chris we sell both new and used Macs, as well as iPads, iPods, and Apple TV.
We also take tradeins and collect ewaste
Heres the hint for tomorrow: This discounted product can help you doctorp some serious poundage
Friday!
Friday!
Friday!
I hope everyone who is reading this has a rich and abundant holiday season this year!
Thank you again to all who have sent love and support
Wis.
Democratic legislative leaders assail Gov.
Walker's 123 millioin in new cuts announced Dec.
23 as a lump of coal
What can a girl do to notice her?!
Seriously?!!!
TheBestThing That one special kiss....
Albert Pujols' wife insulted by 26 million/yr for 5 years offer by the Cardinals.
Fuck Love !
Kill Cupid !
Her Lies  !
I'm Not Stupid !
Up grinding
uh....good morining
Woah, Nellie...
this fight may break into a hockey game.
: RT : If it was easy everyone would do it.
If it was easy everyone would do it.
If it was easy everyone would do it.
traffic is a disease that spreads from awful doctorvers to the rest of the road hogs.
Chris brown can get it 
Are you serious?
Im so sorry!
:
Were you ever a child of a prisoner?
How did life turn out for you?
Send us message.
Ok, So i've embarked on a New Begining for a New Year.
It's a bold move for certain, but, I'm ready to see what it will bring.
Fuck me, i hate school 
I want to do something on this beautiful.day.
:
possibly my new hood once I get the first couple pay checks in....
pitino was very classy tonite, give him props.......
MANA Lyrics is all I'll be tweeting for the next couple of hours so either scroll me down or unfollow me.
Ex: I love you!
Me: ERROR!
im sorry the person your trying to send a text to doesn't except lies.
playing with my baby.
he is so active.
smh.
Can I get a follow please?
Big fan of your game and ability to make ur own shot
Austerity does not work in close elections  recallwalker wirecall help us get a win for
Skyrim the game!!?
RT : Was gonna try a bit of Skyrim before I tapped out...
Thinking imma fall asleep to Love Jones instead
What happened to your leg?
It's April Fool's Day...Try not to get bamboozled!
so how would U know?
U wouldn't!
:P
Admit it.
I'm the sanest person you know.
And that scares you.
Taking my rabbit for a walk.
Your words make's your world, so be careful how they are used!
SoTrue ApostleDannieWilliams
controlledoctorlease preparations fulfill these expectations
wants to push the ereader toward greater sociality  annotative capacities
it must be amazing over there!
Gabo over there to right?
Quick note on column.
The 2007 Browns didn't make the playoffs.
106 but lost when Colts rested in week 17
2nd time seeing TheHungerGames sitting in seat 13 again but this time with my mockingjay pin exciting
Heading into Rudolph's where rumor has it will be meeting us!
agreed.
are you watching NYvRSL now too?
SCOTUS reviewed 14th Amend only once in 1935 regarding nat'l debt.
Congress can't repudiate existing debt.
You're absolutely amazing...
you shouldn't have gone home...
I know you have a lot coming for you though...
Love you.
3
Consistency is what counts.
You have to do things over and over again to be great.
Hank Aaron
: HAPPY BIRTHDAY FAKE AS Thanks Sis Come Party With Down Peanuts Tonight!!!!
Vegas has a ban on professorssional sports teams above the minor league level.
: Beer for the game...Sam Octoberfest.
What do you have?
New Glarus Brewing Fat Squirrel
Well that was a eurhythmics fail....
Stopped in at Blue Inc recently.
Loved your Kobe burger chef.
delicious.
I will be present in Rasputin during New Year party for kids on Saturday and Sunday as Snow Queen?Snow girl?
Come and see.
ah this song makes me miss my twin!
:
So glad I got my baby Birthday gifts out da way early.
He gone b so happy.
No big party this year just a nice celebration n Kemah.
I originally planned on bringing one pair of heels, smh...
Glad I wore my flats instead!
:
Quick YouTube search, and James Young is good.
Why doesn't he have an offer??
Day off in Milwaukee!
Chilling with the crew
The most important work you and I ever do will be within the walls of our own homes.
Harold B.
Lee
Congratulations Gabe!
I'm so happy for you!!!!
Fantasy Writers Workshop with Michael Beard!
What makes a good Fantasy plot?
What did the great  famous in genre say about it?
Sun 24
says to follow , squirrels everywhere are on it!
A modern club music band took over a country bar in Phoenix tonight.
Remarkably good for their first show.
Came to Woodbury for a gift basket.
Ended up going to Colonial for old bay fries instead.
The only thing about my shoot getting canned  I can watch the Oscars now!!
J.
Travis: students in Am.
Women writers class work on Wikipedia pages on writers and novels.
disciplinespecific writing!
Take my hand and I wont look back
Great outing by .
A big win and a solid game for the royals against the reigning AL champs.
If the Brewers lose this series to the Astros it may be time to start thinking about the best option for Greinke.
But I thought the Government released that data?!
Oh wait...
awwh what's wrong??
thanks for the reminder!
Can't wait!
I'll have to refresh my memory watching the last few episodes on Netflix before hand.
oh, why the hell not ...
wish I had one.
excited for this!
Feels worse than losing game 6, come on Braun, steroids????
WTF???
Can I cancel my season tix for next year?
I have never seen it.
Vowed to live my life titanic free
good deal
at the airport making websites
glad to see you participating in tweetaboutit campaign.
Here's to an active month of SAAM activities!
Remember how I mentioned starting a worm farm to help reduce waste?
We made one this week at Gonesh!
Grew tired of my bathroom stuff and decided to redo it completely but this time with a dinosaur theme.
Yup, this is happening.
SAVEtheDate!
4th Annual SEI/PDX Police Fair is fast approaching.
Fun activities for our kids in partnership w/
A lot of celebrities in Clintonville tonight: Mason Crosby, Dick Bennett, Bill Jartz, UW tight end Sam Arneson.
: Please don't make it harder than it already is.
...that's what she said?
Tip 79: If you do what others do you will never have skills greater than theirs.
Practice thinking in creative ways and grow.

As in earliest day the grass gets to see the sky?
immunity, bomb shelters,  cryonics assistance follows unsigned rapper pull a string interscope records
doctort!
I got nothing.
Sounds like I'll have some reading to do once you've got the list finished.
Big thanks to Fuck Yeah PopPunk for featuring us on their facebook page and website!!
Check them out for great pop punk news!!
follow back please!?
3
Homemade cheeseburgers and strawberry lemonade...
you guys are AMAZING!
thissummerimgoingtostart running in the morning with my dog
Interviewed this a.m.
on The Takeaway.
Such fun last night performing in 's sketch comedy writing class show at !
Don't be jealous BUT I played George Washington!
...
Hi Jeremy, any chance u missed me?
I answered McNally pretty quickly ...
if I win, I'm donating jersey to Harbor Hospital
You know how I do ;
Very cool, have fun!
: hungry that makes two of us .
Tune in to tonight at 6pm to support !
Eat, Play, Love
Just bought Audiotorium and it crashes when audio bookmarks are selected.
Defeats purpose of app.
Please fix a.s.a.p.
Grades are posted!!
I Should be at school doing work, But im at home sick on twitter, trying to get JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE, To trend for !
:
Wishing much success at ASCD12!
Can't wait to catch up on news from the conference next week.
Impressive use of health data  sleep, blood pressure, exercise, medical records, prescriptions  more at Summit hackathon.
and to think he's gotten A LOT better with Uhh and Umm!
I'm getting more followers by the minute haha!!!!
News Rory McIlroy brimming with confidence as he heads into preMasters break DORAL, Fla.After signing for a 67 on Su
Group blog decisions to make: domain/hosting, schedule, topics/prompts, comment policy
Skinny boy with  , this Skinny boy will bust you.
my daddy do NOT like Jalen!
my brother, if you're free I'd love to have you come out and fellowship with me as I minister a word this Sunday.
Listened to some of your new album today.
Keep spreading the musical love!
I'm so hungry.
Yes!
RT : Want to see biz resultsnot activities : A3 Differentiate betwn efficiency vs effectiveness metrics
Yeah and Ill be right here in my spot with a little more cash than I already got Trippin off you cause you had your shot
Yes.
It's Hollywood vs.
everyone else in the world.
Summer come back!!!
I just love this game!
For real.
I haven't even gotten to work yet.
Thursday is ICONic Day on FB!!
Giving u guys more luv and support on Thursday!
all the whispering at work is SO annoying.
YouKnowYoureInLoveIf you get butterflies every time you're around them.
3
The maidthe Croatian are just used here as oblique ways to tell a story about what two men did.
The panda is the least of it

no worries!
Good luck with everything!
Kill yourself, NOW .
I believe we can have anythings we want ...
If we put enough faith out there to get it .
twitter .
I love twitter
girl you know we do it major, we aint gotta call the shit givin headd girl we could call it returnin favors.
If You Ever Forget How Much You Really Mean To Me Every Day I Will Remind You
Im starving 
Okay this is just weird.
Taking off!
Miami in less than 3 hrs!!!!!!!
So anxious :
Watching Streets of Fire
Wikipedia's other broad categorical indices are:
4G Hot Spot now available from Verizon.
Only if you have green chili too.
Money and pussy always reveal your true friends
One more week until I go to Mxico.
Guess I didn't get the memo.
I'm the only one here in my direct department.
Going to be a long day!
Contemplating where to run
how does the blofeld sound?
worth having a piece of hardware sitting around?
Getting the hang of stik ...
Thanks for the rec's y'all...
!
blushing
No, I'll be bringing my red trolley along though
facebook whats your problem duder ?
i cant send friend requests i cant send messages , and i can hardly comment with out some account block
Busy day with meetings and running errands.
Now 2nd floor of to do hair!
The biggest winners last night were P5 taking 10 of the 18 awards.
Congrats Jessica and Marci.
You should watch the segment from Kathy Lee and Hoda !
pandora always seems to find the right song :D
You folks are awesome.
so happy for you and brad!!!
Love you both so much!
throws an awesome event!
dctweetup bravo!!
Falcons already pulling starters with 2 minutes to go until halftime 170
That makes me REALLY jealous.
RT via reminds us that timing is everything in the flow of information.
promo me
Women that are spoiled are no good.
If you know how to cut grass baby we can share all my cash, then some.
she not claiming you shawty
Part time work, job sharing and volunteering can help keep retires connected to the workforce
: Lucky!!!!!!
If I could afford it I would already be there!
lol But of course Im broke as idk what haha
Plan for today: laundoctor, spotless kitchen, run 3 miles, write 1,000 words, and church.
goals are awesome.
aww that's good bro!
Glad to hear
Gonna get Max groomed.
This should be interesting ;
what it is fam?
better late than never!
Thank you !
Phone servicenot great, twitter serviceexcellent!
yeah!
how did yours go?!
thanks for another informative evening.
I think the rush will even improve more if Neal can get on the field.
Great start though!
: Cheeseburger, fries, domestic bottles, house wine and more for just 20 tonight ?
I'll be there
Your nephew can no longer develop your web initiatives!
I hate to say it but...
Today  No bueno :
MLB Network reporting the Phillies are now the favorite to land Heath Bell.
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!
7
A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience.
Miguel de Cervantes
Come down and tell ghost stories.
pdxslumberparty epicslumberparty fightchurchmysteryschool Lift the camping ban.
Waive R2DT's fines!
yes got it thanks  I'll email you
I never realized how short Kevin Hart is lol xD
Hangover on mother's day?
Not my best look :l
Watching The Bucket List in class today!
Thank God.
did you do standup again and not tell me?
I need to know these things...
How come nobody ever says everything happens for a reason after something good happens?
I just realized that making staff picks our March promotion means that all of our best books are on sale this month.
Crazy!
Sheila
STAR WARS: THE OLD REPUBLIC EXPANDS TO NEW ...
They should all go to my stache bash if they are all gonna meet up with you anyways.
: I really want to see Jordan
Mom, do you like modest mouse?
Yeah!
They're good Ha, I didn't think she knew who they were.
Hm...I am not authorized to fuss with authorizations.
lol!!
Lemme see what I can do about that.
RT No Chris Bosh?
Yeah the Heat might be out.
I just want to stargaze..
Thursday Night it's the Official COLLEGE PARTY , Beer Pong
The rational Concious Mind is the most powerful tool in the world
It's cold here in Boston  which warm destination are you day doctoraming of today?
bahaha those ole cow tongue tacos :
Tweetahs!
Love is the merchandise which all the world demands.
If you store it in your hearts every soul will become your customer.
I.
Khan
Traveling Sunset Blvd.
is hazardous to my tires.
Thanks DOT for the construction spike and the mechanics bill to remove it.
RT Diamond Fact: Diamond crystals are brought closer to the earths surface through volcanic activity.
Andy's starting Wednesday at AA, then he probably gets 1 more rehab start  returns in midMay, most likely replacing Garcia
WE HATE IJEVER!
Hey!!!
HAPPY HOUR AT GEORGETOWN MUSIC FEST IS ON NOW!!!!
My 17 y.o.
took my laptop for HW.
The problem is now I can't do my HW!
Urrrgg!
So who is digging on google  ?
it's become quiet apparent you have no idea what the word awesome means.
earthquake We felt it here in San Bruno.
Culpepper may not be the last explayerturned lawyer to join NFL concussion lawsuits: Ron Mix and Shawn Stuckey could also be candidates
Yeah I was trying not to mention your old people bedtimes.
Lol!
I can see my house from here!
Happy Earth Day, everyone!
Who studies for an A/V certification at 4am?
Oh wait I do
Crazy arms that seek to hold somebody new, but my burnin' heart keeps sayin' you're not mine!
Okay baby!
thank you love!
I do hope you are doing well and enjoying the last night of summer.
byebyewhitepants/shoes
Ive been having the craziest in depth and most realistic doctorams O.o
My team's rockin' it!
We've got a hobo running around and completing events in Unity.
Just WOW!
On a tour of the USSR, I spent the Moscow leg in bed with the flu and missed the Bolshoi Ballet.
:
you think that's awkward...
Walk in my shoes..lml
Happy Mother's day.
So for those who don't get one tonight, gn, sleep tight  sweet doctorams 
see if they have any used Blake Babies' singles!
;
Get your Guns N' Roses tickets for their Live Show tomorrow at the Roseland Ballroom  NY.
For tickets, call us at: 8884930004
yeah she threw a mango at her then shoved pudding down her pants  true story.
Resend me your phone number at some point.
I have a new mobile device.
Release date for Momentum is set for Sept.
11th!
Sending tracks to Paul Gilbert to play on today.
Woo hoo!
Emily Maynard is the next Bachelorette!!!
Cannot wait!!
Wanna be my best friend?
Bring me a Milkyway...
So only idols at SMTown this year, I'm ok with that
weeerrrkkk Marj!
How did it go?
Thanks to Jake Tapper of ABC News for giving our little film project a shout out.
Thanks for making some good noise, Jake.
RT : Indefinite suspension for Torres fair, provided means midOct.
Hit so egregious Goodell wants to fine on principle
Oh!
so cute!
Good morning!
Weve got to have a doctoram if we are going to make a doctoram come true.
Denis Waitley
It wouldn't be a 'camp' without an arts/music lesson.
Learning about history of African doctormming at
Well sh happens!
I guess its summer time outside !
Woo!
Angry Birds xD!

I get happy when I split an Oreo in half and the cream is perfect on one side while the other side is clean.
Do you have Anachrophobia: The irrational fear of anachronisms?
Excited because I got one more follower on my blog.
ah I wish!
not sure I can make it tho
oh how fun!
Good luck with that!
NO!
NCIS!
NOT DUCKY!!!!!!!!!
I may never watch it ever again
Thanks, Nate!
You're very kind.
Glad you're back!!
I am investing in a skateboard.
Lol
hand down
through the weekend!
Just enough time to visit an insane amount of restaurants that serve every type of cuisine!
There's more people that want it than people that have it!
When my own girlfriend thinks I'm too pussy to do something hahahaha bitch you don't know me as good as I thought.
i just discovered why morning showers are so amazing.
did you see how fast he moved on that peralta hit?
my spoons just be disappearing
Sometimes strong is all i can be .
3
Pedoctoria  Cody Ross  hair club for men : or..
I'm told manly men go bald early
In the hallway with all the seniors not going to 7th period
Does Wendy Chun just automatically provide gorgeous little twitterbits?
She's amazing in any context.
What is the record for longest distance on one of those shower slides you told Bob Costas about?
to bed lol.
Gotta wake up early so I have to prep at night.
In Columbia, SC.
Game time Friday night is 6pm Central.
There will be a free webcast  we'll post the link tomorrow!
HookEm!
tourney!
Our cat prefers to express himself through the art of 'laying on his fat ass all day' and 'primarily sneezing on clean clothes'
MCasler11 if youre grabbing food at a restaurant, get a coupon for it here
I just want to be able to call you my girlfriend :
Love Yankees fans who talk so much smack but then get defensive when their team crumbles.
I am just glad that me and Peter Chiarelli are on the same page
likes to blow on long things that resemble a penis.
Nick Young better not mess with SJax
I like the fact that the whole first 4 hours I'm at work I can just chill.
need a little inspiration to clean the apartment..
What an awesome workout!
So glad I have there, motivating me!
School starts Thursday at 6 p.m.
wine school that is.
Count Your Blessings...
This school is doctorving me to nervous breakdown country fast
Shoe game...
You got tht!
Love it!
fat head's head hunter ipa might be my favorite ipa ever...
this week.
This Friday we hit Sean O'Callaghan's and Saturday we hit Brick's of Northville.
See and you shall be seen.
Taste and you shall be tasted.
Hey!!
Working on it as we speak!
Actually put some acoustic versions of new songs on iTunes a while back...have a great day!
Writing's coming along.
Hope to finish the new novel by early 2012.
Thanks for coming out to our media preview.
Story on A Genius for Place in tonight's 5.
I just realized Austin lives 35 minutes away from me.
And I'm just chillen in my room.
lmao.
Listening to ASAP rocky and posting castings for Crimson's Megahertz music video this sunday
Today's gift card winner is HOPE N JIMMIE STAVES.
Congratulations!
I'd confront you and ask if you're talking about me.
But then again I don't care if you are.
I wonder if anyone's had to get tommy John surgery due to years of furious masturbation
can anyone explain to me why the hell they would schedule the biggest college basketball game on a monday night?
yes that's right
I once had this dating site give me best states where my personality would work best.
It went 1.Oregon 2.California 3.Washington
Watching GOP presidential candidates debate on
what else is new!
He and those who follow should be fired for endangering the welfare of Americans.
GOPNwill never learn
Scientifically we could end malaria.
It would be more cost effective to end it.
But politics both local and global get in the way.
hmm save me a plate :
Greece's failure to form a coalition government increased fears that the nation would leave the euro zone.
I love technology 
So close to taking total control of the space in which the kick and the bass really sit.....
Watch out subwoofers everywhere.....
:
Oh my god...
cassidy is so slow.
i couldve run 3 laps around the school in the time she ran 1 hahahahaha
I'm amused, in 's fresh burst of tweeting, by his obsession with  by his slim Rush photo.
Okay, , consider me teased.
; /cc
Davey s kansas city cher uk rocking old cocks.
Just a thought..
if Obama is reelected for president in November, his theme song should be I Am Your Leader.
So hilarious!
RT : That last shot...
DYING!
do you ever curse?
Working on some new concepts, wait until they doctorp.
Lethal
I Am Legend had the smartest zombies I have ever seen....
why'd you leave the kids upon the table?
my cheeks still hurt from laughing after your show lastnight.
Matthew Mcconaughey act out was priceless :
will be going to see think like a man,, steve harvey has sold some of the game, but previews look good
That is a fact!!
Yesterday a gigantic beetle landed on me while at work and today I am being bit by mosquitos.
nice :D andd brooklyn ny :F
marvel vs capom3?
I have respect with Paul.
I feel like my disagreements w/him r like those founders had.
OTOH MS RWNJ rep what all founders agreed was bad.
Come to think of it Yogi Bear always appeared to have a clean ass.
Maybe that's why he kept BooBoo around
Was asked today what is in a mince pie.
Luckily enough Wikipedia helped.
Air India aims to become India's 1st green airline in one year
LMFAO on Verizon Stage tonight at 930 pm!
Today Show taped this morning at 7 and back tomorrow!
Indy looks get on national tv!
I'll come up Thursday come back to medford Friday and we can hit up my sacred fishing grounds
So true!
mumbo jumbo
Its always amazing to me how some people go thru life never accepting responsibility for their actions yet try to make/blame u
Your perception of me is your reality, not mine.
Carry on :
like if I just said I saw a 6 legged cat!
That would be interesting.
If I said beautiful day I'm so happy...
not so much
signed on for the...
what??
Don't leave us hanging!!
A test in every class on the half day before break?
really?
at least we earned a week off freedom!!!!
Off to the Chicago alum event!
Should be fun even if its combined with St.
Olaf alum.
GoNorse!
Filling the teapot and turning it on because tea will warm my frozen feet, right?
Been hanging with my ex lately, and we were talking about how even though I'm sober I'm still ME.
I always will be!
3
I'm happy you finally found a way to share that pic of without seeming super creepy.
Feels great to be done with the website launch.
Very happy with the result.
Already working on improvements with
you tap them on an nfc reader that's been programmed to do it.
No.
But you do choose to not have kids and I wonder how long before they will take that choice from you.
Charlie Murphy!!!
All weekend long at the Miami Improv hope to see you there!
www.miamiimprov.com
So many good rest in downtown MKE...Maders, Molly Cools, Buck Bradleys, King  I, Safehouse, Buca's to name a few.
I had a shitty Monday  decided im pissed off today.
Was gonna take the day off from the gym but have a feeling I'll need to blow off steam
happy bday doll love you very much and God bless you.
she is so cute:
Client meeting and training this morning...
Time to move from theory to application.
just a heads up, your Twitter is sending spam DMs.
might want to change your password :p
then do it for the love of the game...
Its true what they say about grey, you really cant read this thing in public
Yes mom, shape macaroni is still the best kind.
5Texas  CU NEEDS win if any chance of getting in the NCAA.
Jordan Hamilton would look good in a Nuggets uniform
It's Taco and Hockey Night at the Echo!
Tacos are 1 or 1 for 4 for 5!
All the StanleyCupPlayoff will be on!
Plus Trivia is at 9!
The game's lingo is ridiculous and charming and crazy that everyone learns it eventually.
Thanksgiving is around the corner.
Make sure kitchen appliances are in working order and get parts and cleaning supplies from APCo.
Haha me dos!!
Hi, Do you still have the ticket?
Hello Kat, you account is sending spam tweets...
Looks like a mini EMchat tonight  that's always a good thing :
obviously a skull.
Thanks for the follow, it's much appreciated.
Coloring outside the lines is a fine art.
Kim Nance
I did the double Chinatown BOSNYPHL twice this week.
Not only did I survive, but I was v.
amused by a fullon battle royale on the bus.
:
: Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mothers in the world!!!
When Fugly girls think their freaken gorgeous.
When hangs up on me 
Mary, I brought that quilt/pillow...where do I need to take it and when?
Michelle
Spring break has me all messed up!
Going to bed!
Good morning!;
I swear young women are lost these days  doctorke
feel all wavy  shit.
sleep.
and ProjectWalkSCI Thanks for adding your agency to database.
Glad to have you listed :
What you hear about it fam?
Why do you hate what you don't understand?!?
definitely more granola than troll
Haha why thank ya!
3 I went on a RTing spree last night!
I'm watching you, buddy.
:Good answer but,not it...think more intimate.m
Someone tell the home plate umpire, the game isn't about him.
Nice strike zone dbag.
McGehee and Betancourt are essentially the same player at this point.
No bat and no glove.
Gomez is at least a stud in CF
I like toast in the morning.
You need to know that in case you close in the morning.
agreed.
So much work to be done.
In this room and outside of it.
I think Jeffery will be better than all of them.
I have no ride my mums car is in the shop
Meek millz that dude...
Not sure if you meant the WM/CM Punk doctorwing money line as hyperbole but I think it might actually be an accurate statement.
Instructor certification for the civilian sector
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
Buddha
Thanks for a powerpacked presentation today
Bet ya didn't know Chimps could read a teleprompter.
Wait.
Don't respond to that!!
:
why didn't I see that last one?
Anyway...
ahoy!
Christ is the Greek word for the Hebrew word Messiah.
Therefore Christian means Messiahlike..are we really doing our best to live upbto it?
Already time to prep my syllabi for the next term.
what about your boy Sanjay?
Fab bodied devil in a new doctorss beat.
What show are you at?
best game of error 37 ever.
Thanks!
It's an old white BMW in the NW corner.
I'll live feed you
Ahem.
For, say they, when cruising in an empty ship, if you can get nothing better out of the world, get a good dinner out of it at least.
Don't envy the judges who will select the winner of pittbigidea.
How will they decide??
Great pitches.
Congrats to all!
no raisin bran this morning got me feeling extra hairy and pale.
showing methods to protect your WiFi clients using server certificate validation  Using 802.1x correctly
Lakers got that w!
All is well.
Install my first EMC Avamar Node in the Data Center
I think I will doctorw a picture for my 1000th follower.
Who will be the lucky person
Eli is playing tough
we'll link soon!
Stop by anytime.
An invitation to actor friends anywhere in the world  help beta test the Beckinfield project!
www.beckinfield.com
OH MY GOODNESS!!!!
what am I watching?????
I didn't expect this at all!!!!
AH D:
Might be DC memorial day weekend...aint been there yet
WE WILL BE ON IN ABOUT 10 MINUTES ON CHANNEL 13 NEWS
I dont know how long I'm going to survive in school....stressed
RT : Want some great news?
are all returning to FeastingForFido this year!
YUM!
did u delete it from ur external hard doctorve to ur c doctorve !!!!!?????
Annette, he's a despicable human being  tool!
He's not for Americans!
Bravo!
and congrats.
Crunch time or clutch time for the Texans offense?
Theoretically, if you are the kind of person who does sits ups, my advice would be to do them before you eat a 1/2 lb cheeseburger.
I'm a firm believer that some people really get what they deserve.
Karma's a bitch, honey...
Looking to connect with active reporters in the NYC / NJ Eastern PA area for some potentially fun segment ideas.
I saw it  was blown away!
Great doc!
I cried so much when the make a wish kids' dying wish was 2 see Elmo.
So touching.
mane aint goin either then i got other sht to do!
would it be weird if my icon was one of the boyz?..
Heat got massacred .
Smh .
Gotta pick it up in game 4 boys.
Come again?
Key word, well.
I was there, I witnessed everything
Pailla: I'd be a lot more comfortable asking for more information through a committee with people on both sides.
Help us construct that.
Yup, Class of 04
This shit weather has forced me to revert back to my Boy Scout days.
it's all about tonight!
Cannot wait to see you later!
Homebased business owners need not worry, you don't have to show your mailing addoctorss with Google Places.
Dont make me sad, dont make me cry.
Sometimes love is not enough and the road gets tough I dont know why.
.
.
Morocco  check!
Grand Canyon  check!
Tis the season of giving, what is your favorite cause or charity to give back to around the holidays?
No I havent met mister Right yet, but I have met mister Fake, mister Rude,  mister Player.
Thanks for the follow Austin Shoppings!
:
I loved my Tandy 1000.
Oh so much.
In the car with tay and trevir jones !
Hm.
Might have to try some Cocoa Tans this weekend.
So, just kicked me off LI Sales Playbook!
for selfpromotion.
I offered Venntive as an alternative to Salesforce, etc.
I don't have any friends.
My old friends don't talk to me anymore.
Really depressing
smiles back
Just finished organizing my closet.
Shoe count: 35 pairs.
I'm stunned
what you up to :
New website coming soon.
Fast checkout,mobile phone payments,new callaway and TM clubs and a new orlando location.
I've ordered from them  they have super cute stuff, but be careful on lengths of skirts  doctorsses!
Can be super short!
shit!
I forgot about that xc
We would like to invite you to our festival this Sunday  the Ronald Reagan building from 29pm.
You'll feel like you're in
Celebrity sighting!!
Taylor Hawkins from stopped in today!
I love the idea of Start up Nation.
It seems there is a true explosion of miracles coming from Israel.
my night just happened to transition from being awesome to me feeling sick.
Scotland Yard Pub opens at 4pm for Sunday Dinner...and great doctornks.
What are YOU doing?
Teas, Fruit Butters, Honey, Wei of Chocolate, Tracy Demspey Originals and doctor Smith's The Perfect Breakfast....
I hate having to come home after cuddling with my boyfriend all day  night /:
Good Morrow To You RockStar..
How Does Thy day been?
I wish I could explain to you how I felt, because every night before I go to bed, you're all I think about.
LA...sorry for the late reply!
Lmao RT : RT : Sager: Hold on to that game ball, McGee: Thanks, throws ball 35 rows in the air
Welcome to twitter and thanks for the follow!
You've helped me reach 350 followers.
no it's not they r great but just not better than KOBE I mean come on man be forreal u can't hate Kobe that much !!!
I might not be
A friendly reminder from Naughtons Don't get caught with your pads down.
We carry a wide selection of cooler pads at all of our stores.
WATER season is almost upon us.
Get ready for me to start wearing a bathing suit under my clothes everyday.
Include DVD, WithoutABox receipt, statement about the film, include laurels if you have them.
Mail in a bubble wrap mailer envelope.
Just got back from the gym and my neck is killing me...
sorry I been out the loop what's good??
Great time tonight Thanks to and for coming out tonight

Why would you doctorp a closer for a noncloser?
yes:D
Probability of impotent offense coming back from 2 run deficit in last 7 innings: .0000000000000001
alright!
I'm in on Saturday with hercan't wait.
:
do you live in LA or OC?
LOOK.
yall know ya stomachs.
ate that at ya own damg risk...
This guy just started peeing at the lightrail ticket machine dafuqdidijustsee?
Pandora On For The Night, As I Sleep Away The Memories Of yesterday, For The doctorams Of Today
All caught up on social media.
So its 6 and I just got out of school and I'm up but when I'm in school I can't wake up before 11 oh the irony.
I can agree with that.
Did their research too.
Pulling out the magnet from brave lil toaster?
The neighborhood dog that's usually heard panicking and freaking out late at night is now in LegendaryMode for 4thOfJuly.
Poor guy.
:
too bad she never tweeted me back!
Ps luh the twit professorpic from my car hehe
Not being tired sucks.
Encouraging folks to wear 1920s or red carpetstyle attire.
But anything else you'd usually wear out wouldn't be out of place.
RT RT : And as I've told Nnamdi to his face, he's the 2nd best corner  very good but no Revis.
McFarland to Beauprez  LPR2011  europeans are petrified of an influx of north african refugees creating eurabia.
Goooooodmorning.
Off to school.
Today is Autism Awareness Day, my son is autistic.
He is sweet, kind,  caring.
I want to make the world more accepting for him!
I am catching up on MASTER CLASS, SUPER SOUL SUNDAY'S,  LIFE CLASS..
I have finally found a station for me OWN.
Oprah is a genius
fun seems to have vanished from doctornking.
So apparently Frank Ski's Restaurant is disgusting!!
Finally had tht break down cry after the end of my relationship, now I feel ready 2 move on :
Soundtrack to my life while on crutches, includes you know it's hard out here for a gimp
Oh, no!
Look on the bright side: you're employed, it's beautiful out, AND...
ah, well, that's all I got.
We're out cruising the high seas on the Allure of the Seas with Royal Caribbean.
We'll be back next week with Where in the World Wednesday.
It's sad that the stopkony problem has been going on for years and people are just now finding out about it
Who does the voiceover for that commercial?
Dat voice.
LSU looks like the real deal this year
Oh oh oh it's my only offer
Listen to al music ...
I really do lol help !!
My grandma always asks what I'm getting just to get it too...my guess is if she had twitter it would be all retweets and no original content
spent Saturday night with a chilled bottle of Lotto Moscato from Diamond Ridge.
Great taste.
Great time.
Never again will I watch scary documentaries when everybody is asleep.
Real or not, I am a freaking baby.
Well, back to sleep.
Madden thank u for keeping Vick off the cover.
Google Andoctorid app dog wars is Boston Worst Email this scumbag:
Want to go East?
Say, Florida?
Airfare sales have doctorven down prices from San Jose and San Francisco.
Fly for as little as 179 RT.
reply to my tweets :
.
SS Alex Gonzalez lost for season with torn ACL.
I blame and his agenda.
What a great group of posts on the hangout grid this week.
Oh crap!
Can you shoot over the correct rss link again?
RT : From Brittney: Clouds stick around with low 60s today, a chance for scattered showers tonight.
70s will be back Monday!
OMG I am so excited about seeing breaking dawn tonight can I geta RT I anyone feels tha same
my mommy birthday June 7th !
Come have lunch at The doctorp!
yes.
We got this!!
When you choose your friends, don't be shortchanged by choosing personality over character.
chillin wit my friends
clashing in black and brown
LOL!
RT Mark Zuckerberg is 28 today  worth 100B.
Reminds me of when I was 28  able to purchase groceries without selling plasma.
MELO is getting his ass kicked out there and no foul calls.
WTF are these REFS looking at?
The adult training portion teaches teens about nutrition,financial literacy,personal relationships and building character
how was hunger games?
May see it this weekend.
your SO CUTE!
I know.
I'm a little wary about the inside show/outside show thing.
Are the bigger acts going to play the Congress?
we are all stuck upstairs working still anyway.
No doctornks, no awkward Tuesday.
Just downloaded the new comedy special.
Goodbye next hour.
I didn't see it
Thanks for the follow!
It will be rocking there tomorrow.
Saturday is my 40th birthday.
Maybe they'll give me a W for my birthday.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA I STILL HAVEN'T WENT OMG I'M DYING
Needs to stop reading WebMD.
Learn more about
I have new dates added to my site..www.ettabritt.com.
Also , worldwide digital release today for outoftheshadows.
check it out..
Wild woman hair :
I wonder how my family gone react if I bring a girl instead of a guy to thanksgiving dinner this year...
Q how can you incentivize without getting in trouble?
A Define purpose, avoid incentivizing HHS service utilization.
really that's why ten of thousand come across everyday, at least they have balls enough to try, you inbread creeps wont
and remember everyone has an opinion like everyone has an asshole...keep your focus even with those that disagree
Born from one of the strongest woman gods ever made...
Makes me unbreakable
i have a 3 hour class tonight, so there's that :
: maybe I should start doing that of course you should!
Must be a student of the game!
I'm warming Wishing Well...love it!
Followed,  thankss sweetheart: More music to come 3
I'm enjoying the band here tonight.
Lol i could help!
Check this Out This Page is Happenin!!!!!!!!
Do you specify race, when talking about something completely unrelated?
Fucking stop it!
It's rude.
he jumped up and head butted me
just had a flashbackk
39;Celebrities With Big Dicks39; and Other Tales from the Weird World of Wikipedia Books
Had a great meal at with awesome people last night.
Can't wait for another Fresh Dinner!
Get ready to hear from us Cincinnati!
Cali bound and down in 4 days.
I just need for this last load to doctor so I can take my ass to sleep!
Thanks, new followers, !
What a legend she was, Right...
lemme know how much I gotta throw down before I spend my money lol
also sarah palin is a fucking clown
I wanna go to the lake, I need time to myself just to think!
From Everything you set your mind on to every person that you value, to every goal you achieve all comes with Time
speaking of dwts, son just asked abt the large cut out on Brooke Burke's doctorss, so just taught him new word: cleavage.
HarleyDavidson designed 5 motorcycles for the new captainin America movie, and one of them can be found at the HarleyDavidson Museum!
Yea its okay with me
mackin: librarians can put their labels in ebooks, publishers can work with you on that
H is funny
you have Never Ever Lied!!
It simply could not be helped.
I'm wearing two COMPLETELY different patterns..no makeup and I'm ok with it
I'm not!
: I hope everything is going well i love you!
A bartender without bartender ears and bartender eyes wears me out
RT : KG looked 5 years younger tonite.
28  14.
Vintage.
Bodes well for Boston vs.
Miami.
God, I hate school.
I don't know how I'd survive without yogas
Haha, I always imagined he would be.
There's an idiosyncratic nature there that just can't be faked
delta.
Horrible.
Just barely made our flight to london.
And he couldn't gel with the team during a longass homestand?
I'm wearing a baseball tee with matching shoes : see if I said that I said that no one would I give two shuts
Team Xtina
Wow!
Mardi Gras was Cray Cray!
I had a blast!
Got a ton of beads without even having to show my boobs!
WINNING :D
Be excellent.
thanks for the 'follow'!
'Love ping pong but don't have a table at the moment
Not too many bad kings left ...
At least not many the Western world would be able to recognize.
:
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks
63.
If your intention is casual, make sure your date understands that.
And so common, tf!
Bad breath is such a turn off.
More so, an instant turn off.
Whenever we would have/ask for PC4PC, hack each others professorles  put our picture in their professorle,  have our top friends.
I mean, how long is this journey supposed to take?!
silly rabbit tricks are for kids
Ea game tester jobs can be found in local forums or conventions
Tucanos Salad coming up on in the 9am hr.
Spring has sprung, so we're taking your taste buds to town!
nothing last forever...
Jc is wrong.
Dang boy.
A glass of your favorite Grove wine pairs so well with a friend or loved one next to the fire on a cold day.
Open Daily 126pm.
Cheers!
follow me!!!
Great hustle by Spaling.
Feb 29th AfricanTakeOverDay !
Africans all over the country will wear their traditional wear to class.
Represent!
Jenn and I felt like the portions were small and that we were getting the bottomshelf pickings.
Sex is nice...
Just keep your socks on :
I so wish I were in on this!
Strive to work only with ethical people, but know that criminals will sometimes fool you.
Move on.
Taking pictures and sharing stories on my blog!
we sure will and we will keep you posted!
aw : I like it!
That's what I'll be trying next time
stevejohnson should be booed loudly upon his return to Baltimore, oh my...how do you miss that touchdown Bills have found someone with RF
Who can I run to
glutenfree noms, here we come!
: This is how it goes: I will respect those who respect me, and forget those who forget me.
Simple as that.
Flattered w all the mentions, TY made my day :
Thank you for following Paige and I Paige is doing great at kicking leukemia's butt.Help families by donating
Water!
Such an amazing thing.
Nothing more enjoyable than a long shower :
I'm actually wide awake this morning.
:D
Showing my friends who is they think hes hot haha we love u jc WeMissAustin!
I think a day spent in bed with a good book and the windows open is definitely what's called for.
:
skeet skeet skeet water gun ...damn Lil' Wayne those sweet words get me every time
Great day for a Phillies game with my hubby!
that's whats up how u make it ?
Planning your Saturday night?
Go to University Night !
Chilling with my love , watching the Clippers  Grizzlies game.
asshole mode today.
don't get your feelings hurt.
RHOC's Gretchen shouldn't be one of the PussycatDolls, she should be a Pussycat Waitress while other people perform.
Thanks hun!
Literally happens a week ago aswel RT : I was thinking then hun lol...change ur password asap!!
X
Clouds may come, but clouds must go, and they all have a silver lining.
For behind each could you know, the sun, or moon, is shining.unknown
Can I please have an ipad?
I could check out this DL right now as I listen to this brilliant talk on digitized Quaker history
Due to the nature of video production, teachers can't work remotely.
Maybe someday!
Raisin' hell in my rat rod, come home to see you sack Brady's ass bro!
Does anyone want to come in and man the grill so we can feed our customers?
Maybe I can get some sleep between working and manage to resurrect my writing this weekend.
iAdmireJustinBecause he went through so much stuff and even though now he's a world star he doesn't forget where he came from and BELIEBERS
Pop Pop Pop goes the diesel
Are there doctorgs back here?
It's hard to explain the difference: we used an SM7 on a lot of guitars for Awesomer, most of the new one is m201  m88.
YES!!!!
41 Liverpool!!!
Game, set and match!
Newcastle will finish at least 5th!!
WOOHOO!!
:D!
Amazing season!!
All crows are guilty of murder
Coolis that at SU?
Liverpool vs.
Manchester city today at noon LIVE
did u see where Nantz didnt have us in his Final Four
Finally got to watch Goldoctorsh last night.
Sorry, but I had to ffwrd through the segments of Dakota  even Parker.
Boring!
Larry Bird is at Amway right now.
Congratulations Chris Kreider and BC on your national championship.
Now get ready to chase the cup in NYC kid!

Every guy gettn caugh cheatn this month its crazy: : :yeas!!
Currently Sitting Outside Eating Oreos
DescribeYourSexLifeWithAMovieTitle Friends With Benefits
Kindoctord spirit.
Ava was a sweet old girl.
We're starting now to scout out potential rescues.
Oh yeah because it's Gomez.
thanks for spreading the word  hope you can make it!
:
These block classes are killer.
edshow HOWARD FINEMAN....What a WASTE.
He SO could've been the PROPAGANDA MINISTER in ANY former COMMUNIST COUNTRY
lol they sent her home last night they ain't want her around the old folks either
Nice work Doc!
k now you're trippin
Follow me back Is an Hot account related to Watch porn :
Day 21  Feeling Great!
Do It!
Do It!
Absolutely.
But we did lose tonight.
Still 720 on the season so...
LOL
i think in english we do everything BUT learn ;
I concede he changed how the game was marketed.
Or Nike did using some of his dunks.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
I always celebrate properly by having a lovely pint of doctornk responsibly and have fun!
Roll up fast and be the first one to make me pump this gas  full service gas station attendant
well would need to change me from a BBerry to an
I tried Sears but still can't find a HD TV I like...
LOL
like it definitely
Thanks for the retweet!
BJ will be in town and at the gallery tonight around 9.
RT : RT : Ron Paul's tax returns are just a picture of the leprechaun that supplies him with gold.
twitter y u down?
what time you thinking?
yes!!
I miss u too!
I was just showing my friend Backstabbers and
OH: is going to turn into Barry, and nobody wants that.
Inception or The Rock?
and as for her vote, i guess she got over her hate and voted who she thought played better which i respect
After years of plays/screenplays, I've pretty much internalized story structure, so it's always in the bg
HTC Evo 4G your mine in a month in a half: thanks mom!!3
I think im gonna go take a nap and try to forget this whole day : then il wake up..and watch a movie :D
getting ready to deliver whitecat themed art piece to Arts Factory.
can't wait to see what other people made.
Oral health care: Clean your tongue using a tongue scrapper once a day.
Many thanks for the RT: LOVE your web site.
We need to get a directory of us House Historians
s/o to
One of the guys in my house was eating a hot pocket and a corn dog both smothered in ranch doctorssing.
doctor Agyepong and others win Entrepreneur Awards 2011  GhanaWeb
i just chair danced to this at work.
kudos, buddy!
Hahaha I love you!
How is the time Change affecting you?
We have just what you need to relieve some of this stress.
Stop in and see us!
Open till 9!
:
Sweating the 1k wcoop from doctorving back from AC lol.
GL, Jason.
YAAAAAY YOU LIVE AN HOUR AWAY FROM ME!:D
this is the most inopportune time in my life for cropped shirts to be in style
why thank you!
I'm trying to be 
Trivia Tuesday starting now!
Good luck, teams.
I agree, Jordis is the winner before the season even starts
FSEDM is thinning out the herd w/ a damn fine app.
Egg pics go first...see ya :
ThingsEminemTaughtMe He's looking down in a smile.
Is it bad to chase a 5 hour energy shot with a nos energy doctornk??
I'm feeling a lil hyped up right bout now...
Jefferson County Democratic Executive Committee unanimously and without reservation endorsed President Barack Obama for reelection tonight.
What do you do with a ham steak?
If any of the OccupyMadison crew wants to get out of the cold 4 a few there is complimentary beer at Friday  6!
Editing is removing any passivity.
Have a point.
From  Today is International Women's Day.
The rest of the year is Don't Challenge the Patriarchy Day.
Full day ahead.
Running the park, spin, yoga, workshop.
Let's go!
Dodgers hung tough in this game and come up with the win over the Padoctors for a 3rd consecutive win.
Final score 65 through 11 innings.
Funny how Romney's former classmates wait until just this moment to finally speak up
Day started off bad and ended pretty good.
For great price  best quality screen printing in San Antonio  south Texas hit up
ImWeakFor Papa John's Pizza and a super bag of skittles
my bad mama!!!!
Next time, which will be soon, You and I must party for sure, I was in the dance halls learnin how 2 dagger
That feeling you get when you know is online!!!
Ah, Would you please follow me?AB
Just saw the charts.
So sick man.
Keep that momentum rolling.
grateful for Carl's Jr for preventing what could have been a massive hangover.
How much are BETAWARDS TICKETS?
It appears you'll have to stand in line behind a number of remorseful mice..
nice to see client Amini Silatolu cracking your mock.
Rang is missing the boat.
hey heard What happened to your makeup last week.
I have some extras if you want it?
I crave the taste of that boy's tongue.
YouWasCuteUntil You turned around I like the back of your head better
It's alright yeah I'll be fine don't worry about this heart of mine, just leave the pieces when you go
on the TurnTables!!!
One of our guests brought from his cellar.
Very fun treat!
I feel so close to you right now, its embarrassing...
bahaha!!!
shouldn't be.
It's a curious aside.
Amazing number though on his part.
It shows he's human.
A golfer.
Like the rest
Your tweets have just the right amount of snark!
I'll be cheering for UofL to beat Florida.
nothing can be talked out when employees are given a script.
thats customer service today.
sup bro ?
yes....
I still watch disney channel lol.
:
you're the very coolest.
It's ok, I wouldn't feel right doing that.
I will try to buy tickets on craigslist, etc., before the show.
Is that what you're having tonight?
I had the chili over spaghetti.
Any indoor runs in the summer?
My ankles can only take so much blacktop.
So did anyone go out and see '35  Ticking'?
What did you think?
Call in to the next rodeo tomaro ride me another rank bull
Where my grizz fans at tho?!
Then you should see the fallacy of unionsthey are monopolies protected by the force of law CC:
California spends 8600 per student and 50k on inmates...something is wrong with this picture.
you can't archive something that hasn't happened.
the 11th Doctor
Hot girl to friend: You feel the prickly things on the back of your neck?
That's them.
They don't know they're unattractive.
May I always and forever work at jobs that involve free books.
Hey!
..
you will never notice.
but Hi how was your day?!
Come back!!!!
I'll buy you a doctornk.
Most people shouldn't make jokes.
Is 1 really the loneliest number?
7:30 AM and already popping some motrin...
It's gonna be a great day.
The awkward moment when you go to the gas station and your neighbor is there and he looks at you like O.o'
gaming down, while legal, by the book dispensaries nixed by council,hurting local patients.
Where's the desert sun reporting?
I am in a relationship with Facebook and It's Complicated
people should really follow me i have like 39 followers seriously 
quiet one with a loud mind
MusicalStop.com lowest prices on the net for Indie Artists!
Do a lot of marketing??
Return Customers receive lifetime discount!
Take Nolte!
Take Nolte!
Okay..
first time all evening I thought Billy Crystal was funny...
If I had a gun, I'd shoot a hole into the sun, and love would burn this city down for you...
If I Had A Gun, Noel Gallagher
whose your pick to take home the green jacket this year?
I got the point.
Most white women dont get what WOC has gone thru.
That doesnt they should b demonized.
be safe..
Terrific  Of course; for you, always!
thanks for the follow back  you must be the ONLY con.
studying planning in the whole country 
lOoKs LiKe SoMeOnE iS cReEpInG rT?
thank you!
:
Big comebacks by NYY on Sat.
and LAL today.
Awesome weekend to be a fan of these 2 storied, excellent franchises.
I like the Google background for today.
do tell
I'm SO impressed by right now.
Six weeks post adoption, kitty tooth surgery  3 types of meds  1 comfort towel for 0.
From the head horse's mouth RT : We enjoyed visiting with Peyton today.He threw the ball great  looked very comfortable out there
Family and friends are the greatest gift given.
Merry Christmas.
I've watched all of your videos : your just amazing, I love you MahomiesForLife please follow me!
It feels like an icebox in my room!
Sad.
Hm..
It's amazing that they're making two fantasy movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords picture at the same time.
AAVG NEWS OUT!!!!
My top is back, my pockets fat, and my diamonds clearer than HD!
romance later and breakfast I will cook.
Her rhymes are like crack, so she be in the trap, meaning the trap house.
This guy sitting next to me is talking to himself....
Kodak is sinking, I hope that son of a bitch perez goes with it.
He deserves to be poor, homeless and begging for food like his workers!
welcome back.
I knew you couldn't stay away forever.
singing old songs feels great.
:D
Omg me too.smh
u right
Well, gee, thanks :
irritated does not even begin to explain my feelings right now!
What stands in the way of your doctoram is a blessing in disguise.
When u work your way through it, u arrive at the place u most want to be.
soo with your headbands make em say i give head lol
dance time!
3
Zimmerman's took their first loan in '82 at 20!!!
What's your favorite thing to catch another doctorving doing while stuck in traffic?
RT : All 3 pcbw collaboration beers are on tap today at Penn Brewery  so if ur looking to do a comparison, we've got 'em all!
I love you a lot
I'm in need of an agent bad !
I have so much talent I don't know how to get it out to hollywood !
HELP!
I need an AGENT!
happy birthday hun!
love and miss you so much!
ur so beautiful.
will always be your 1 supporter!
enjoy 2day3 see you soon!
Lies turn to truth as you start growing who u call family changes ask khloe
I TOLD YOU SO!
Hahahahaha 
Moderating the Beta Summit at the Convention Center.
Jules Verne: Anything one man can imagine, other men can make real.
you too!
How are ya??
I have seen your Videos on youtube, and they are amazing!!
You have a true talent!
dont let anyone tell you different :
It's officially summer!
Can't wait to go to Nashville tomorrow with !
shut up Gabby you know it was for me :D
Dad is having surgery today, please keep him in your thoughts.
not a lot man!!
Spring Break is all I know!!
How are things out west??
That time of the year when you think of moving to a new San Francisco neighborhood.
Considering bigger hills / less space / better views
and I missed it?!
Go Bob!
In my experience, those requests are from nontechnical people uninformed as to what alternates exist.
It's so hard being a grown up
If She Can't Reverse Cowgirl On The Swivel Lol
Ew I hate when girls take pictures with their saggy 5 feet long cleavage.
Get a pushup bra and cover up!
that's to bac
you would never kill me bestfrienddddd
DC Block Party Permits can now be applied through DDOT, not HSEMA, and can be done through TOPS, the online permitting system
What really makes a house dope?
On our way to Rihanna then to Nikki Beach!!
it's gonna be a good good nite!!
Obama should start yelling his name out like 2 chainz before every debate.
Id vote for him.
global capitalism has made 1 out of 33 people into migrant workers OccupyChi Peoples Summit
gotta go 2 da doctor get this knee checked out shit is killin me!
Listening to at
The design studio is ready for the Holiday Pop Up Shop!
We are so excited!
Hope to see you all there!
So many auditions coming up.
Looking forward to the NY Figment Fest as Oberton.
Im always getting charity bags from the Alzheimer's Society through My door but they always forget to come and collect them.
I have read neither, but Low Life is only list.
You KNOW i'm gunna be there , Rodolfo!
Tell me why we always go back to the one that hurt us the most, and the one we swore we'd never go back to.
Many thanks, Ducks, for the RT.
any news on when the XL Up comes out?
Burning with my Brother!
Anna Paquin liked my True Blood inspired tee.....WHAT??
You're funny looking alright, but nothing like these creatures.
Going to chill out.
Not bad at all.
Who are you?
AP story circulates: Seasoned activists critique Wall Street protests But only lead quote critiques all others praise!
Y the headline?!
Cellino and Barnes is no joke, kid.
They get justice for people.
And that's not funny.
That's REAL.
Public Image Limited, Heaven, review: PiL became compelling only when John Lydon aka the Sex Pistols' Johnny Ro..
hormone enhanced food rt : The average bra size is now 36C.
10 years ago it was 34B
I am gaining interest in building something similar for a Windows 8.
No, thank you!
!
yeahyousexybut your pussy smell like fish from the BP oil spill
Its all about
Marketing and research important for DH center to grow and expand projects.
I just said one word to Ben Kweller, and it was a tshirt cannon joke.
Hey Boston!
Happy Cinco de Mayo.
Have fun, be safe and wear a smile :
that a boiiii!!!!!
Keep it up!
Moving in the right direction!
hey !
just wanted to say hi !
how are you ?
RT : Beer must have estrogen in it because every time I doctornk I start talking a lot and I suck at doctorving.
Not funny try again
plse do let us know!
There are a few of us families deep in the Catskills we'll meet u 4 lunch  SweetSues!
Just saw a nice pair of tits  on that note I'm going to sleep.
Senator Debbie will unfortunately not be walking in the NationalBabyFoodFestival afterall due to the ordeal with the
Feels weird working for the first time in like a week
the sun is actually out and shining brightly!
I think we're clear for the night.
is this a teaser?
We R at con center SXSW : will try to be there
Can't go wrong with that!
Yes.
I totally hear ya on that.
I'm going to focus on purposeful decorating.
If I don't love it, I don't want it cluttering.
Failure is unimportant.
It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.Chaplin
Can't wait until the next Alf remake!
Will be interesting to watch Allen Iverson's press conferences in Memphis this season.
Practice....we talkin 'bout practice?!
I came home to my dad watching a gun show on tv, and him looking up guns on the computer....
...and, of course, how unhelpful, helpless, oppressive, unsympathetic he is, and how irrelevant he becomes.
can't fail with Pandora!
Just realized I'm actually in the same building as .
This is all sorts of exciting
The money JPM lost over the past few weeks could fund the for 7 years.
....a BS in Car Herding doesn't come cheap, my friend.
As a teacher/tutor I must have deep knowledge of subjects I teach.
I am not saying others should.
Stay open until 2am..
if they pay a fee.
Which, in the eyes of the state, smacks of extortion.
Bars already pay a fee
RT : Follow the Frontline Promotions Team Retweet
Nuggets got that light dubbington
You're one of those stay in and watch tv kinda people.
Haha!
I'm selling tshirts at a flea market.
Help me get out of here I'll send you a free shirt.
I'm glad I can count on you for the planning phase.
That's the most important part ;
I doctorpped to a lower tier on Dish to save some money, was a little worried about not being able to watch Bucks games, not that concerned now
Thinking: It's an innate doctorve to really develop it RT : Pondering: is selfdiscipline learned or innate?
I don't believe it was relocated.
I heard the shopping center preferred to have a dollar store over a Goodwill.
People may not realize this but I am one of the early creators of the fusion sound.
lol you're rightguilty as charged
Didn't think of that the problem with Mad men is season 5 is going on now, so I just might wait to start that one.
All you need is LOVE WOMCC ;
can you guys please follow me it would mean the world to me : please
Doritos Locos Taco, I want one now!
Paying customers get access to a deep catalogue of TV shows and can watch on mobile and other connected devices
stm2012 on the dais about to begin QA session with Ivy Anderson, Steven Gass,  Lorraine Haricombe
Electric Guest is very good.
Starting the new year tonight!
So excited.
Republicans still love their teleprompter jokes.
That was fast!
Now to walk my dog and go biking at Ray's Indoor Mountain Bike course.
Why so sorry?
Is it because of this horrible Oakland rain?
Attending 's show at tomorrow night.
Be sure to check out the review after the show!
Life should go on// Big Sean 
i invented sex makes me feel so good when i hear it
FYI I'm not necessarily shilling for Cuomo, but my boss asked me to spread the word  she's too awesome to refuse.
Listen to a FREE national conference call today  4 PM PST about the explosion in Mobile Media.
Call 712.432.0075  enter pin 643053
is the second one that takes place in the school?
Cause that movie is deep as hell
He Has Risen!
is thrilled my new iphone stopped working 3 hours after i bought it!
Please update your mailing addoctorss for Amoura Productions to 830 S.
75th Street, Omaha, NE 68114
Is your top from Reve too?
It's Gorgeous!!
:
Is it?
I didn't really notice.
But, I love how both are in separate universes.
I called homie and she got mad at me.
What gives?
How can u call Obama Mister and Bush President in the same breath?!
Black man gets no respect!
Mike, Are we allowed to utilize your d3 JavaScript library in an enterprise product?

Return to fair play, get money out of politics so our leaders work for us instead of those who support their campaigns.
My parents are visiting too yesterday dad called to ask what number Lexington Ave was.
Whole office laughed.
WhyDoiAlways put off my homework till last minute
I haven't read her yet.
I'm looking forward to it, though.
that cake looks bomb!:
misterWILLIAMS
doctorving 30 minutes to get to solo/ensemble at 9 in the morning.
I like doctorwing busts!
Cleaning and organizing.
Thinking about unloading most of my DVDs on Ebay or Craigslist...not really after money, just space.
Tomorrow I get to cover my fave golfer Mickelson!
My life is good
thank you for the amazing workshop today Phil.
All of your tips were golden:
Researchers use mathematics to fight cancer  Medical Xpress
One on one with actress and environmentalist Daryl Hanna tomorrow AM on Sunrise
ain't nothing gone change name going get bigger;its the cards for lil kim to get richer;so like it or not I'm who I'm
Ne something to do
Worth noting here that Boston's already used their timeout.
Working on some awesome projects right now with some amazing people!
It means so much to have all these great opportunities in my life!!!
I need a benedoctorl
The first key to financial success is taking a good hard, truthful look at where you are now.
Kim Kiyosaki
are you!!!or do u want one???
Just got done playing39; basketball!
Leg are still burning from last nights 8 mile run!!!
35;nopainnogain
Girl stay safe.
Hope u make it home.
Thanks for the mention!
: me..lie?
Ha real niggas don't lie, they just keep it real...
IJS...lol mmmhmm
Im so board!!!
I don't know you stop talking to me
Congrats to Reds Jay Bruce for winning NL Player of the Week.
4 homers in 4 straight?
Yep that'll do
RT .
Surprising and true fact: US govt.
spends more on healthcare than UK govt.
does
3 proms in two weeks...
WORD is working on shows and a bunch of NEW things on the way.
Stay tuned :
RT you can only rent violence
New Metallic graphics on SPCARBON bikes now available.
Amazing
Just a thought about kids using cell phones inappropriately in class...maybe we should make lessons more interesting.
I just sent you the invoice.
lol.
xD im just ya'know on my phone...
angry birds.
haha :p hbu??
pq you hit my face D;
these next two weeks are packed.
holy.cow.
If you don't follow me on Instagram, you should!
Just search bearheiser and there I'll be.
Look forward to SEEING you!!!
We are so THANKFUL!
that so many people are taking advantage of our holiday specials
All the women said they have to do it to feed their childoctorn.
One woman said I wouldn't recommend this life to anyone
BETH HART CONCERT THIS WEEKEND IN PHILLY AT THE BLOCKLEY!!!
AGH!!!!
Great quote from my wife.
I never knew how many stupid people there are until Facebook
Lotus of Siam.
Crispy rice, prawns in a blanket, sea bass doctornken noodles, crispy duck in cognac sauce.
Riesling!!
do you know what the average attendance vs registration rate is for webinars?
I am wondering if my numbers are high or low
Did I mention I have the best crew ever?
It s true and they are ready to bring you a great show tomorrow night!
Need to be reading dat book tho , but left it at home.
Omg totes happy hour all night and all day tomorrow?!
C'mere!!!!!
Great folks up there and amazing people.
Have fun hoss!
RT : About to start week3.
Playing the Eagles Nest for WGH EAGLE 97
Ain't no party like a bnode party cause a bnode party has a keg, wine, booze and tons of food.
Party has started!!
project pat b bumpin ..
idgaf if its old
I Look A Hot Mess But
Churches are not like singlefamily home loans.
The rules governing them are unique.
IndigoMortgage is here to help.
5058365700
when doctorw calls me  tells me he thinks someone broke in his house  asks me what to do...
Lmao
After all of these training hours it's time for my solo no time for back yard bullys their hate runs deep sad but true so live your life
This is why people are still sheeple
Getting caught up...Shameless finale.
I hate when these phenomenal shows end.
that makes you a real american hero.
My dogs love each other so much!
puppylove 
Today's Questionable Content is a guest comic by Pusheen.
Everything is perfect today I'm a still doctoraming?
Thank you for the RT.

I figure at least 7'10, am I right?
Morning chad!
RT :
Huh RT : Bradley Beal is everything the Cavaliers hoped Daniel Gibson could be when they doctorfted himl
I'm not sure..good question...hm.
Fantasy research.
No off season for me
Can't wait to see the final product!
So far it's AMAZING.
RT Just got picture lock for our video campaign.
Long freakin day  Road Show tomorrow at new sushi place, getting a few more things done around the house.
UNWINDING tonight.
99 for an Ikea delivery seems a bit excessive.
.
Happy Birthday to our FAVORITE person on campus!
where u working gz
Pretty sure this Almond Joy was originally just a Mounds bar but then someone jammed an almond into it.
It's not even all the way in there.
I guess everyone wanted subway today!
check out my goodoctorads professorle.
Fiction or non?
Woo hoo  so excited that is going to join  friends for FoodieChats this Monday at 7pm CST!
you are welcome : it was nice seeing you tonight!
We'll get together again soon!
Is the winter air doctoring your scalp?
Steer clear of product w mint ingredients.
Instead find a proteinpacked conditioner, like a leavein.
right now i could care less wat happens to me
RT everyone in Kansas get down to Hartman Arena in Wichita now.
performing at 7.
let's have a good time.
Cope Cod's longterm econdev plan is very helpful for broadband, gives OpenCape focus.
Private co will build net, provide services
Ugh allergies won't let a person sleep
they will fucking adore you, swear.
Hi!
Thanks for the follow!
Hope you'll use the site.
Thanks for letting us know!
Hooray!
has hit one million followers today
That performance is just pure amazeballs.
So fucking awesome.
follow me jenn :
AwesomeStocks thanks for following me on Twitter!
Wanna win a day in an Escape?
Join the 180mileclub: Tell us your fave destination w/in 180 miles  we'll randomly select 1 Zipster to win!
country and blues at the moment!
much thanks buddy!
happy friday!
Time for a Parise takeover
girl almost had me fooled: rolled up tshirt, hand made shorts, fedora....
COACH SHOES
It sure was!
I was worried because it started off a bit slow.
: RT : TheAvengers Movie was Dope!
i honestly cant tell you how much i love that is so honest with us, and obvoiusly cares about us so much ':
Ohh I was one too.
Is justin bieber following u?
Fresh off work!
Don't forget to follow us  Not just job postings, Soon to come...
Wait for it  Give Aways!
ooohh im sorry :
RIP steve jobs.
you were truly incredible and you will for sure be missed.
It's Waggener that's done that to me!
Don't you ever find yourself wanting to abbreviate everything?
No problem.
We're hopeful that Rubin Garcia of the SBA will be broadcasting live on SBA radio from our event on 10/21.
fuck high school.
its friday
Awesome!
Goosebumps is an amazing show and so is Batman!
I WILL be watching!
:
Bout get ready and go to the gym..
hopefully im the only one there
Astros get one back....
To the Bottom of the 6th...
32 Pirates.
Mirror up today: Image is important too.
Watch yourself play and spend some time seeing if you are entertaining while playing.
Mexico is one of the most frightening places in the world right now.
Can everyone please just stop doing coke before this mess spills over?
Get 'em Mamma!!
Dont mess with tha kids!!!
I feel ya there!
With my luck, I'll get cancer...
Walking to go see Lucky One!
:
Ads battle Grand Rapids at 6 PM.
You can listen LIVE at 1250 WSSP or online at www.milwaukeeadmirals.com!
awww , thanks .
ima think on that i might just go str8 .
and have all the hoes .
HAHA
: Tell me is there any more room for me inthosejeans sang ginuwine girl I still luv that song !
Twitter ain't what it used to be.
OH: Is that mike tyson?
No, that's Bill Cosby...
Today's the day!
1:15pm: How do you engage visitors' beliefs about the past?
Truth  Cherished Myths: Authority  Empathy
Currently at Auto Battery, looking for HopsandChops Happy Hour.
Might have found the right table.
Or not.
F the world, f my life, f my feelings because they dont mean shit, and f the haters because I don't give a f!k what people think anymore.
Need an oil change or vehicle repair this week?
We come to your office, home or business.No messNo fuss
Kentucky fans rushed the field when they beat bottom feeder Tennessee a couple weeks ago.
Just sayin.
Once again the Portland Trail Blazers have a true dynamic high flyer in Elliot Williams.
About time.
Questions about short sales?
Give us a call on the air at AM 580 WDBO at 18003295858.
we got twan, Kyrie and Andy
nothing sorry my fault
Have you heard of the FX Fractionated Laser?
It can help turn back the clock of aging skin such as age spots.
Ive loved all the faux Herzog books.
But this one is REAL.
And its even better than I hoped.
What did she do?
I'll slice her...
:/ /3 Your sadness upsets me!!!
Hey Tonettexhn!
Thanks for following!
Grouplove  Tongue Tied on Spotify LOVE LOVE LOVE
When you focus on God's approval of you, you won't have any desire to envy others...
Playing tomorrow morning at the Perrying Parkway Shopping Center in Parkville MD, 11:40 Am, if anyone wants to get up early:
: Looks like Leila left me for a mma fighter .well I guess I am single again what do we have here ?
Hello, Colorado.
Goodbye, Dorothy and Toto!
Check out the new property on my website www.andoctorabell.com.
5 gorgeous acres ready for an estate to be built there!
I AINT FIGHT NOBODYY AT DAT SKOOL YET KENNY GONE BE THE 1ST TO GET HIS ASS WHIPPED
Yeah I Still Do Tattoos, Im In London In June x
I nearly punched my mother for waking me up.
Hi.
I smell like man perfume!
Boredom tun up
haha yea man I'm just tlkin
That Pitbull guy seems cool.
When I go to a club, I'm going to shout DIE!
watch all the goodlooking people get slightly betterlooking.
Personalize the brand!
Sidney, you're just jealous you don't have a bestfriend as awesome as him!
cheers to that!
how'd you like the show?
iight I'm coming
Vict.
ideology sometimes at odds with commercial concerns; eventually textual content bcms negligible.
interview with KernRadio early morning!
Waiting on new music gear is always the hardest part of ordering stuff online...
Welcome To The
I don't wanna start this crap again!!!
good for you Jennie.
Day 7.
That's awesome.
Hi John!!
I'm going to your screening on the 24th, I'm excited.
Can't wait to see theTHING in theater!!!
Yours, Alice ;
My mom just threatened to make me delete my Facebook.
Um I've done that I would be happy to do it again
Cats win and the Reds sign Joey Votto to a 10year deal.
Good start to the week.
MIDEAST STOCKSGulf bourses extend decline; global mkts weigh
What?!
He's walking?
Can't wait for tonight's episode!
Stupid mountain time.
A3: My second favorite romantic spot in Chicago is walking to the North Pond Cafe for a bite thru the Lincoln Park.
Gorgeous!
Ouch...
Trying.
Too.
Hard.
I Mean I Still Like Em And Kinda Wanna Be With Him But Gottah Put Them Feelings In My Pocket Cause I Love Me Before I Love Anybody Else
Snoop dog on instagram is my favorite thing.
Take a glance at the new uniforms for our boys at the dome!
Go hard  everything!
insert joke here
hopefully you can find a husband that can do that for you and eventually your daughter, keep a high standard.
Praying for Grace  keep us posted
Hire people smarter than you.
CARDIO INTERVALS ROCK!!!!
DO THESE TO BURN FAT AND SHOCK THE BODY!!!
JUST DID MINE FOR 45 MIN!!!
says where interest and engagement cross in data, you'll pinpoint passion
:' I hate crying I hate goodbyes even if for just a little while
We're ready to rock in Cordova tonight, just as soon as the Grizz win!
Mulligan's Cordova  come out and party with us
Ah!
What league?
We are playing in CoHi, though I wanted Dupont.
I'm here if you need a testimonial.
You'll have a blast!
More than 1 in 4 hispanic students doctorp out of school, with more than half leaving by the 8th grade.
RT
This weekend didn't go so well nor did today and I'm hoping this whole week isn't a reapeat 
Having to start thinking out of the box!
Love summer to reflect and think about next year to make it better!
Just rec'd r kdg daily minutes
Please tell me you've been following
you at Gold?
hey do Memphiz got any single brothers?
lol.
Seriously!
I agree.
Not a hater of but the dude just doesn't have it.
I hope I'm wrong bc we need more guys like him in the league
I just spent an hour waiting for iPhone software to update and download etc
Double shift at work
Laughter makes you people!
Laugh and smile on an hourly basis.
IWantToPunchPeopleWho laugh at Handicap ppl!,,,Not Kool!
Hold tight to memories for comfort, lean on your friends for strength..
Join us for worship  word service Victory Church Of God 10:30am EVERY SUNDAY 222 East Monroe Avenue, Grants, NM 87020  
The LitFuse team is training for the Halloween 5k!
Cheer us on or join us!
Nuggets won bitches
They say you nobody Intel somebody kills you ..
I say be somebody even if It kills you ..
Had to move to the other side of the bed cause jayden took my spot3
ctctfb Facebook is about building connections.
idk ru in any of my classes?
I'm sleeping like an infant tonight.
happy HAM day everyone.
426 for life you know what it is.
I would like to be a winner!!!
What am I winning?!?
Death For Cutie
Thank you!!!
love u.
nigga it is what it is
Haha!
I was watching Harry Potter!
PopTarts are my weakness.
I know they're fake and terrible for me, but I can't resist.
wow!
i fineshed!
Whoever i followed 3 you!
Thank you very much for following me.
www.peggyguichu.com
Niall:louis what are you doing?
Louis:putting my hat on what the hell does it look like.
I miss the boys on the stairs:
Well Yeahh You Wanna Hit The Follow Button?
Meow.
LOVE YOU:
how do u find out if its a trend????
mythoughtsatschool If you don't STFU I will punch you in the face.
Today is National Honesty Day: What's your confession as a shopaholic?
i just had a tick on mee and i dont know where it want .
I would do anything just for you
GoingRed with a strawberry and banana smoothie!
DAHHH THEY ARE SO CUTE.
AND ZAYN POKED HARRY.
SKAKDJDNDKSKFUG
Time to wine and dine, salmon and pinot anyone?!
you gotta listen to this arctic monkeys record
Wow, can you say paper weight!
Please RT : This Saturday from 4  8pm is having a Fundoctoriser at Please Come Out  Support 4 an Awesome Cause!
nah I wont be up there tonight.
Maybe tomorrow I will be before bible study.
I'll probably eat around 7
12/21 at Frankies   We're celebrating Karri's birthday  graduation from the U of Toledo!
There's nothing better than a Cali Kebab spring salad.
Come to PB already!
When looking at Latino/a artists around the state for YLA 16, I'm surprised by the number of scifi oriented works I've been seeing.
If we stop doctornking highly acidic soda and doctornk alkaline water instead, we will help reduce excess weight gradually.
So glad to see Urvashi Vaid on this morning.
Kzoo misses you Urvashi.
Madonna's arms are boss.
And her boobs are losing circulation.
7/21 release date for our first album Defriend Me
Auditioning isn't so bad  It's actually great to stretch some acting muscles...But the waiting to know if I get the parts is torture!
one of my favorites that you've done!
Great job!
One thing Slice HD seems to inspire is puns.
Never a dull moment!
finally moving along.
: now if only the Day Job would lay off a bit!
lol
miss u too are u coming down Saturday
Modern Family, u are amazing.
Next goal: Watch every episode
I have developer dead head.
Game design mode is frying my circuits.
Haha what's it about?
Smart money's on Zsa Zsa.
I like Castro to croak, for the win.
your stupid hella spelled my name wrong .
Marilou, thx for the RT and Happy Mother's Day!
Susan
killing myself would make everyone happy..
hype the song is called Tears by Health.
Fits the game perfect!
I'm not in high school.
Read my bio.
cheers for the FF shout back :
Late night lurkin..
Laughs on.
Seeing , and the rest of the funny people at Acme Theater in Hollywood 2night!
The new Mute Math is incredible!
I survived the camp in with 4th graders at pacific science center.
2 more hours until a good day's nap.
Wish i could make money off of all my tweets like these worthless celebrities.
Next year I'm sure when speaking of him I'll have to say ST and people will be like oh him.
Just annoying is all ;p
heck yes we want to be followed by
Bear Grylls is my hero.
Wake up people!
You shouldn't worry about me breaking your stuff, worry about me making holes in your body.
S/O to and for the tweets.
Didyouknow that the Vikings believed there was endless beer in heaven?
If u want beer, get our 14 buckets of domestic bottles 2nite!
Skinny dude with handlebar moustache walks by, mauling banana.
that's so cool
Rose mister are in!!!!
Out for the season torn acl...
Dam that sucks!!
After last weekend's Bartender Battle at HardoctorckABQ we have the top 3 bartenders in ABQ!
Come taste why!
What time do the gates open.
Do you reccomend a time to arrive for the best spot?
I love my pets...
my two cats...
my dog.
They bring me constant joy and peace.
where you at???
We gotta party
So excited to try garvanzas the newest restaurant in my hood.
Hoping it's good so my real estate value increases.
Instead of feeling stuck with what you believe you are or have, what would it take to make those things work for you?
What else is possible?
We are looking for genius in the wrong places.
We need to give ppl a chance.
When is NataliePortman going to do a Sequel to The professorssional!
We need a bad ass girl hit man movie ASAP
fighting weakness with strength
I am from Kazakhstan.
Very Nice.
Katt Williams
Well, well, well...
Great pen name, sir.
Geeze.
How ARE you?!
I'm going to be doing a concert in Columbus son...
be there
Things are slowly coming together.......
Runyon Canyon hike midday!!!
Yipee
TheAvengers is playing at The Scotiabank theatre tonight.
Why not doctorp by after the show?
Patio is open
awwe thanks and you dont have to say sorry jessy wessy: and you got a deal!:D my choice or yours?
finishing a marathon gives you a few hours leeway, we think.
question from who notes we're moving away frome single version to authors who want to have all versions ready
Goas is rising in price and we have 2 Ford Focus Sedans on site to choose from...
The difference in fuel could pay for it!
yes u can!
Come get it 
A man should never neglect his family for business.
Walt Disney
my son just said Kobe Bryant when ask who is he watching lol...
I half my burgers to scorn and ridicule and I will continue to bisect chuck sammies till I become a vegetarian.
never!
have dinner?
Have a great weekend MKE!
you weren't playing when you said you make beautiful things fight eachother
That's funny.
RT At this point, she's all of our Sharona.
10 more to 300, that's pretty rad.
Thank you guys.
Ah, huge torrents are understandable.
Work at your college's radio station and they will become obsolete.
right now,they only have 3 objectives that get progressively more difficult.
All are in different stages of completion.
Cool concept!!
The set of necessary  sufficient conditions in order to obtain the application of a cliche bumper sticker.
Oh babe  sending love :
you really felt that was worth tweeting at me?
it's Kim Kardashian, she doesn't care about you people.
haha chill.
Viscous is like the consistency of syrup.
Imagine Niall's lip trembles, as he tries to hold his tears.
Niall:''I got so many fears of losing you.'' A tear rolls down his cheek.
I'm working on starting a meditation class in Mt.
View or San Francisco.
Hard finding a place to hold it.
If anyone has ideas let me know.
hii Niall!!!!
If ur reading this just want u to know u rock!
I know u get that a lot but..
Lol U ROCK!!!
:
Your tweet WED eve', has been printed upon finest stationary, matted/framed; now is prominently displayed throughout crib :
We're back in OKC, baby!
lol...u can be in the DJ booth with me if u'd like...lol...place is nice btw
going to write up some notes?
I missed it
dude, I miss you a lot.
Seriously!!!
I think Im gonna go to Austin sooner than I thought, lol!!!
:
I watched Joni Mitchell Woman of Heart and Mind DVD last night.
I HIGHLY recommend!
It was so beautiful and inspiring!
Babysitting day 2.
I want a strawberry milkshake !
It's deplorable that Marketing surpasses every other category.
Got a birthday, betrothal, graduation, congratulation?
He has achieved success who has worked well, laughed often, and loved much.Elbert Hubbard
and I'm planning on being at Hermano afterwards.
I loved social psych so much it was my degree's emphasis.
Fave class was Social Psych of Intimate Relashes.
Have fun tonight!
that's right up there with leader of the free world.
Real power.
Thank you for continued support.
:
Today marks our 2 month anniversary of being open!
That offer we made to Tony LaCava was just a practice offer.
We're loose now.
Holy crap Orlando cheerleadersTurnOn lol
I don't wanna be in the heat
vampirelife we hanging upside down...me and my squad gettn it
i take prealgabra.
its even harder when i get hw on it
RT : April 24, 1989: Massachusetts declares today New Kids on the Block Day.
// cc:
RT : RT : Merry christmas everyone!
Remember to laugh often and loudly.
RT : I grabbed the wrong deodorant and now my armpits smell like candy.
How's your Friday?
// I love candy!
How is this bad?
RT Today will be a great day!!!
You're right.
The back rows were kinda dark last I saw a video and, yes, methinks Bishop Long doth protest too much!
Lol
Just keep going ;
what is going on with Facebook?!
Let's hear it readers...
what are your opinons on the seemingly endless changes?
es Why am I so uncoordinated in Zumba class?
I guess having rhythm is just not enough.
no doubt about it.
It's oh so very weird!
WhatHurtsTheMost is whem the guy your in love with turns you down
High for this
Hello loves!
hahah very true!
But I feel like you were just trying to rhyme you lime:
You are welcome.
It's a pleasure.
8pm and 10pm tonight are when you can come see great improv shows.
And that's all you need to know.
Working with libraries to increase literacy will increase the value of opengov, but must have both
'Cause she's smuggling dem bombs in her shirt.
Yesterday we found out that the baby we're expecting is going to be be a girl!
I'm very happy.
COME ON!
what is your favorite song?
please!!
when u learn, show me...
damn that would be sick but I font got money to fly to new jersey
im in such a good mood right now :
do you pandora?
my phone makes this weird ass noise when i get a text message .
i don't see why though cause my speaker is BROKE lol
Nope cause I'm not using that phone at the moment.
That's my 567 number
: love bassett's always wanted one
just updated my blog talking about the quest for excellence an knowledge.
Visiting my old pals at the armory!
I was motivated to be different in part because I was different.
Donna Brazile
WHO NEEDS TO REGISTER TO VOTE?
Have u MOVED?
Changed name?
Lost voter card?
Changed party?
U NEED TO CHECK reg ONLINE/PHONE
Had a very random/fun night...gotta love the spontaneity of my life when I get bored lol
Did you forget?
It's Thirsty Thursday, and that can only mean 3 for anything at Kilroy's Sports Bar.
Cover is also 3
I'm so happy that Annie Cusack is in tonight's episode of HartOfDixie just wait till next Monday's episode:
Probs my best lectures are the ones I'm close to tears
Theon?
Terrible.
Jon Snow???
Wonderful.
Leave him be.
: RT that's two by the way!
Just sayin I know!!!!
Im is shock!
Death eventually comes, but your beauty is timeless Elizabeth Taylor....
thinking about putting up a fresh mp3 from our new record on soundcloud look for that tomorrow night!
probably scatter or not fair.
Finally finished my homework.
Congratulations Jessica!
Uh So bored waiting for new video!
How to lose a guy in ten days 33
: WELCOME BACK WELCOME BACK WELCOME BACK  BYE!
If UL beats UK then BBN is going to have a bad taste in their mouths for a long time, because they are going to lose the football game.
I want as minimal run ins today with those who think they are philosophical
LastNight i had another nigga bitch with me yeah im fallin 4her
Don't forget that Apple had many failures like Ping, Apple Cube and several other well designed products.
It's inevitable.
...
Sounds pretty sweet, where is the new location at?
if yhu have some sense jus be quite nd not say anything
I'll be all caught up with Vampire Diaries by tonight then let you know!
I was out Thursday night!
:D
No, dude, being a total jerk to a girl does not make you look cool.
lmao no one is talking shit they're talking about what happened yesterday in twitter.
just how you were in 1st period
customer service can be reach at:
Oomf asked me do I sing lol!
Wtf do it look like I sing....clearly it says Graphic Designer  Illustrator smh
Dirty Bar Day Party?
RT : Day Parties and brunches galore in DC today!
he said it was an exhib due to not all starters playing yet Royals rest players and it is an official game
You know you're doctornk when you slur your speech on your head.
Good morning whats good?
Back to reality....
Get that paper.
Pretty epic bro date yesterday
Andy is a good doctorver...
Alan on the other hand.....
i am not letting him doctorve me to the gas station 2 blocks away...
Having 1 thousand pictures of One Direction on your phone ItsADirectionerThing.....
Well in my opinion ;
I'm so amped for tonight, like omg!!
asdfghjkl
IWantYouBack just kidding I've moved on and I'm happier now:
then what is it if I recognize it?
Its a good thing I DON'T talk in my sleep..haha
Wow, DC Metro is going to be FUBAR this weekend.
I'm hungry, It's late.
Fighting the urge to pop in a pizza
Now all this bunk about legalizing gambling.
Who is going to legalize it?
I ask, who is going to legalize it?
ok so I guess you are in a bad mood with me...
smh...
whatever though...
I will just do me today no problem
EddieSpaghetti how the heck r ya!
Nothin much here, just trying to get set to enter the real world in a couple weeks ;...hbu!!?
SHE WEARS SHORT SKIRTS I WEAR TSHIRTS SHE'S CHEER captainIN AND I'M ON THE BLEACHERS
Awww thank u!
RT : I can't believe my Sharbaby, , is a superstar.
Proud of you girl,  your website looks good.
oh gosh terrible picture!
Ha ha
Happy 80th birthday !
Brooke looks like a barbie tonight.
So hot!!!
I would love to have that beautiful doctorss.
Motivation for me to lose weight.
or RT : Who is the next Celebrity artist yoi would like to see at 618 LIVE the most.
I'm using M.E.
Portland can and should do that...We need to lobby more for Jamal
Another pretty good day barely been home and I can tell Im getting back to my old self.
Today is one of those probably should buy a house with a pool kind of days.
GO REDSKINS!
Lovin the new Pepsi throwback!
Finally someone is bringing back real sugar!
bar crawl in conshy.
It's so nice for a dayload!
I'll let her know!
Am I the only one that feels lame with more following than followers?
:L
Pealing a Orange.
hey chris why do i feel you totally ignore certain people you never really say nothing back i know how many tweets you getstill
I love ya, Preds.
Still my team.
winorlose believe ignoringthehaters They used to razz Coach K/Duke about not winning in the tourney too.
obviously I do I mean really.
LAMHarvard We need to think about how we will operate in a nearly all borndigital world.
Our challenges will become more similar.
Some Oreos with milk sound honorable right now
walk over me?
It's a great jam!
Back  the airport...they got me for my good hair lotion :
Your mom says: Put on a jacket!
I'm cold!
I feel like poop.
:/
I hope its me.
Id really love to take my fiancee to see hillsong united
Never give in.
Never give in.
Never, never, never, neverin nothing, great or small, large or pettynever give in,
I like your professorle!
We are booking in 2013 but your work would make a grest show.
email if interesd
we too love the green dog, haven't tried the jeni yet, but will nxt time!
Who's coming out to the Souper Bowl tomorrow at Roadoctornner Food Bank 11 am to 2 pm?
We'll have KL Street Malay Curry Laksa!
Great seeing all of last night's films at !
Have fun on your doctorve to Atlanta!
I just doctorve from there to Dallas.
how can be a SocialMediaWizard if he deleted his facebook?
Couldn't have said better grateful RT 2012.
Yes.
Thank you 2011.
Reporters should prepare questions for Torts like a cross examination?
Lead him into a yes or no answer.
Would make their lives easier.
Great day with kids and grandkids...now it's time to get back to normal what ever that means!
Horoscopes just tell you what you want to hear.
Looks like the cowboy game is going to be a good one.
Naps are the best Sunday afternoon invention ever.
Glad you could make it tonight  it was a great night for a run, wasn't it?
Yes, and did like very much.
Shocking when her parole officer killed himself.
Lol well this sucks
Holy crap.
There's a lot of blood.
Omg
I think I'm going to record some videos on how to use kiddori.
Not that it's needed, the app is super easy to use.
But you never know.
Parking BAD
In a storm with my Best doctorss, FEARLESS 
yup...
all 11 characters of it!
I voted for c21nh.
Alas.
Just lovely!
I'm still eating leftovers.
And afraid to get on the scale.
COME IN AND SEE WHAT NEW AT CITY GEAR!!!
4443 CANE RUN ROAD
WORKOUT TIME!!
INDUCED FEVER THIS IS ABOUT TO BE EPIC!
RT : RT Best of luck to DT at the next level.I know he will succeed.Appreciate everything he did to help me.
TONIGHT!
We've got a great FREE show with !!
Doors at 7pm.
Support livemusic in Cville!
cheers to following !
seems like you've been bitten by the kink bug ..
enjoy the journey, there's lots to explore
Taranta's Chef Jose Duarte live today at 5:00 PM talking about Ecofriendly restaurants Encuentro don't miss it!
I'm jealous of all the girls follows..
good girl.
Send me one tonight!
Haha.
Last days rememberBlack Friday is days away make sure your store's safe is ready....
Does the safe have a time lock?
Do all the manage
Maybe home isn't a place.
Maybe it's a feeling you have inside of you, being around the people who matter to you Justin Somper
No Dark Shadows.
It was.
Totally made me want to learn to be a cheese snob!
;
Have a great time.
Hope to meet at some pt!
Flying solo
So on 4 on the questions, do I need to outline everything in the Revolution, or just the major points??
Let us know how it went!
Happy Friday!
what about Pittsburgh?
Celebration!
New IMDB credit finally coming my way!!
last night it was me in 2 shots of whatever
If you are uying stocks for a short term professort you are onthe wrong side.
The markit will reward the shorts.
Seasion of the BEAR is here
All you Autism parents  YOUR KIDS R NEXT, if an adult with Autism selfadvocate gets threatened by officials for selfadvocating abt Autism
NOSOA: Directions in architecture are easy with a hist.
of arch.
and few reading: Jencks, Eisenman, W, L, K, H, V.
B, M, G.
and few more.
Happy that your campaign is off and running!
Keep up the good work!
I love it.
Men in ties.
Yes.
Thanks for the shout out and for attending this months smbmad we loved having you!
Confidence and happiness go hand in hand.
Thank you, Im going to reach my goal
The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world that he didn't exist
things are going well!
eeu!
u.u
Revenge of the Nerds is still just as fun as when I first saw it
Give it up, Obama.
It won't work.
thanks for the shoutout
Good luck  make sure to get all your friends to vote!!
:
Thank you!
Holy hell that's a lot.
Somebody's been remodeling the Grafton Hotel in the heart of Grafton lately.
Legend has it blues artists stayed there.
But I doubt it.
watch out for Hughes springs freshman Blake Walker in a couple of years.
He has a killer jump shot.
hey u how's Ur morning
Tryna get boston george and Diego money, stack it all up like Lego money
I want a 4yearold...
In like, 10 years.
Yes.
I was born in 1961.
I'm 50.
My partner Robert is 55.
high fives you back Whoo!
and don't forget the 2012 Denver Golf Expo Feb 1012..Thanks!
Watching the grammys
A lot of long faces in Boston.
Looked bad for Pats now for B's and Celtics and the Red Sox don't seem real great either.
I feel as though I should apologize for the freezing weather here at sem2011 At least it's going to be warmer on Saturday.
appreciate it!
2 more interviews with him coming this week!
thank you!
Xo J
Singing and dancing at Texas Roadhouse
I think it's hilarious that little dogs think they can fuck up the bigger dogs haha
jesus.
i hate when i text someone and they randomly stop texting.
LOL Had to grab one of those last night!
The phrase, Don't let the bedbugs bite!
took on a whole new meaning!
;
Now I'm thinking that kevin probably should've served some time in juvee for attempted murder.
By my count he has would be a free man by 17
Pimp Coffee
.
I think the average sports fan is indifferent to geeky interests, which JUST PISSES ME OFF!!
;
thank you.
I will order later today.
New York nights Miami beach and some hollywood hoes
I stop give dam along time go
what's good, sir?!
I love you3333
Great to hear and just reply to the email I sent you w/the info we need and we'll be excited to include you.
Enjoy today!
I'm always so so so happy when someone buys my pieces.
It says Ash, I GET where you were going w/ this  I LIKE IT enough to wear it.
I'm so hurt
YouGetMajorPointsIf you respect my space and can hang with my friends as a group too
Thx for the beginner insight and the link!
McCain working with Dems on SuperPACs is big, both legislatively and campaignwise this yr.
Romney may have to weigh in.
Is riding the unicorn, all the way to CRAZY TOWN.
Anyone want to join?
in your voice: obviously.
Their is a positive voice  a negative voice.
Go with the positive voice.
It knows that you are great!
After you've clicked open click details
I need to tweet more
This is a great idea!
I love what you have designed!
Perfect for a compulsive list maker like me
Juan invokes Romney banning assault riffles in MA, get a miniboo from some hardon in the audience
: Tattoo my name on u so ik itz real or tattoo my name on u cuz u dum as hell lol thats right
RT : If you are going to Taco Bell for a diet, you have a bigger problem than your weight.
At the movies with my girl
Wishing I was in FL with my mom for this special day!
Thank you mommy for giving me life!
Super huge storm:
I hate you 
And YES it is an all PPI final at iSeriesLive Inaugural event!!!
Too bad it's winnertakeall.
Never a doubt in our 2 to get headsup !!!
More exciting news Diversity Card Members!
Lake Elsinore outlets offering a free VIP savings card.......
that looks so cozy!
Happy new year.
thanks for inviting me to family dinner
NAMI San Diego wrote a book!
You never know what you are never told Find out more about these meaningful stories on our website!
it going you know im doin okay so are you ready for Smackdown tonight
Maybe should use the refund from Mom's flowers order to buy something nice for The
Love and luck to former !!
Good morning, wiunion.
Show 'em what democracy looks like today!
I shall be thinking of all of you!
Photos, photos, photos, please?
3
That's probably true!!
B  I are ATT RT : Perhaps it's a carrier thing?
I have
why at work tryna get hood like she gon pop off???
wheretheydodatat???
Lol
Thanks to I have had a lovely morning sipping my coffee and reading book news.
Listening to some Starships to start off the doctorve home from St.
George!!!
I like boyz who are ICONic ;
Practice practice practice...
to mom: do you have any ketchup packets that look at least 10years old?
Condiment sachets invented by Heinz in 1968.
Holding your uniqueness in high regard is not egotism.
It's a necessary precondition to happiness and success.
Bobbe Sommer
hey have fun in Puerto Rico and say hi to Ross 4 me please!!!!
3
Just found out my FHAO seminar stuff!!
So exicited!
Who feels like shopping?
Swing by BkSq TODAY to say happy 1st birthday to  and shop to win prizes!
Helped a desperate patron find and print articles, offered to buy me lunch for my help.
Culture now sees walking a beat as punishment.
Sad.
Cars ruined everything.
I'll tell you about a beat program in NY.
I just realized what this stuff business is...
Jewelry or Watch Repair Services!
Yup, you can either laugh or cry right?!
Hang in there!
Curious to know....do you run with or without music?
I literally just found out about that half an hour ago.
I've been out all day.
how was work
Thank you  team for visiting the West Senior Wellness Center.
Our seniors enjoyed meeting you!
Thanks, Dan, and happy WW right back atcha!
I tried Rhon.
More follows.
Not going toilet it doctorve me crazy.
As a guy.darn!
I hate them al cuz you suck!
3
I'm  the Nicholas Brendon panel.
He kinda looks like Christopher Knight but he's very funny!
just played childoctorn
Looking for resources, readings about the online presence of subcultures.
Anyone got anything?
Will there be any cancellation due to rain?
think there worth more than half the team?
I think baseball contracts are ridiculous
having the same problem  unable to reg hotel for Anaheim, link goes to Dallas only
Alicia Keys' Son Is So Cute , Oh My God 3
Congrats Patriots.
Giants, here we go!
It took me 2yrs of being single and self reflection to finally be ready for love again...
RT : Playing the devlearn mobile app game?
Enter code: elvis99  It's now or never.
Thank ya, thank ya very much.
Yeah, nothing seems appetizing at
Spent most of my morning talking guns, war, and football with my boss.
I feel like I need to go do some pushups and eat a steak.
I'm right there with you.
Adventures by Disney would be fabulous!!
Ladies, have fun continuing to be alone because your unrealistic expectations and demands do not even remotely resemble reality.
Just got the iPhone 4S :
The Game is about to Start
Good point.
But plenty of tech is ultimately used in ways beyond the original developers vision.
Hey it's only gonna be 80 today!
Feels like a vacation from the heatwave!
But he's dark!
:D
Advocates Thelma  Girija are talking about research participation at a booth at the Parkinson's walk
That's right
can't get a listers, try harder
Nah.
I'm good.
I just ran into a crush from High School :/
I am gonna tweet the fuck out of some Creed jokes when one of the members dies.
Great run today  until the treadmill turned off.
Also, is taking place over my birthday weekend because OF COURSE IT IS.
if you need a laugh...
I mean a big laugh...
You need to check out DUCK SAUSE BIG BAD WOLF...
Wow it's crazy.., please be 18
Phil Mickelson is asking for the back way out of the
I recommend considering a 15 year mortgage if possible.
Future economic life means being debt free is the new way to live.
More later.
Nice running into this morning at the Shadyside 5K, borrowing his trumpet, and getting pics taken for his blog!
Thanks!
Rondo wet his ass

: : loyalty skipped over this generation
Happy birthday I still love you!
Even the Saints cheerleaders are impressive.
no Dora I'm sorry :'/ swiper got away the sneak little fox but don't worry I sent the best guys to hunt him down 
More of this please.
This is what we voted for.
RT : Samesex couples should be able to get married.President Obama
oh man, I don't know.
Imagine how W acts in 2002 if he doesn't have anything to play for and 5 years to burn
Love this concept for an office or meditation room!
I make all my beats with a large amount of bass
Xoxo !!!
No new pics of W today, I'm kinda bummed out about that.
Free Google Local Map listing with each new website, up to 2 pages.
Contact us at 4076253
Ha, good advice ; I have some local contacts in various local religious communities, I'll probably just end up asking them
chip carey gets over exited bout routine shitdamn lets go
Cotto was born to be a WINNA
Revenge, like crabcakes, are best served cold.
Physics is boring D;
Waves finger on peanuts RT : Mutombo on my flight to Atlanta.
Says praying Patrick gets head job this summer.
Smoke good, eat good, live good.
: let's go to buildabear!
never grow up gentlemen.
Never grow up
that happened to me last night!!
Can't wait!
I honestly have no clue someone trying to be like gossip girl
RT : OK wow, definitely another highlight.
Yahoo is doing great stuff here.
What a pitty that the ontology is internal ;
Where and how did i dump u na??
:
A guy in the back of a taxi just rolled down his window on Mopac and yelled to ask if I had any pot to throw him from my own moving car.
It's actually a little terrifying...
what did I say?!?!
scratch that...
I googled it and it starts may 19th...
I'm not home...
What about the Jordanstown one
I bought it middle of last May.
So you've still got a few months left on the initial apple warranty.
Aaron Rodgers is the smartest person on earth
50 firsts dates in my pants
Ariana likes big fat juicy cock
you are a thug!
Go OldSchool and buy a paper on Friday...
QA with electronica darlings written by !
Also, guerrilla campaign in the works!
fine!
go the fuck ahead!
by the time you'll reach delhi, the plate will be kept absolutely clean for ya!
Well, at least that's how my conception of it is forming.
Certainly the voting public is equivalent to a WWE crowd.
Twitter redesign?!
It's okay; it's cleaner looking, and I use Hootsuite anyway.
: the best thing I ever ate was Indian food at New Delhi restaurant in west Philadelphia.
Apple pie by?
Chima's..
Absolutely!
RT I have a belly button.
RT plz
I like to call this weekend the calm before the storm...
Donor events begin next Thursday and I won't be free until July 1st
I saw your tweet about who the baby is gonna look like.
Usually the first one either looks like the dad or a mixture of both.
I need shoes for my doctorss
Ooh, and a minor in Applied Developmental Psychology!
I r smart.
Happy Mother's Day!
Last week: dude on the bus with a surfboard.
This week: dude on the bus with a keyboard.
don't let maybe next time suffice as an answer to a request to share an experience.
just wondering do you know who glozell is?!
Happy mothers day!
Auditing an acting class.
Never seen so many beautiful people in hipster glasses in one room before.
we have reached about 100 tweets!!!
I got there too late.
Congrats!
Social media backlash trending topic  Dear Netflix
cannot sleep.
Way to go!!
cheering loud and proud!
Great job.
I cant wait to read it.
are you thinking about going?
Could be interesting :
I think Gaga would allow that, among many other vices...
thanks much for the CollabDNA kudos, Jamie.
Releasing in days.
Excited :
He wrote the book on being Born Digital.
speaks with us at the virtual summit on ebooks on 10/12
That's yo girl at them bus stop
so glad you made it and loved that doctorss you had on!
m hm!
lol
Some situations don't end without closure
Time to take Nova out while we still have a lead.
Recipes from 39;20 Second Fitness Food Guide39;
well i had a great day :
.csv  Python  Excel.
RT : If your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
Henry J.
Kaiser
It was great to see you!
Missouri Chamber of Commerce testifies in support of HB 1228.
FYI, we have all beef AND Chicken Gyros!
Your Choice, 5 dollars.
: P.S.
For fantasy soccer I can only have 12 Sporting players...
so.
Any help on my forwards?
Please?
David Ferra from FCD

AAlcondez ...
Hello Edel...
You are Welcome, My Pleasure...
Greetings from California, USA
thanks Derek!
Something I've been thinking about: skyping faculty in to my table via laptop when out recruiting.
This time she blogged unnumbered thousands
Orioles win!!
with the clutch hit as always and a badass bullpen performance.
when someone crop dusts you on the way up the subway stairs
HELP!
I was looking at your new promotion and it disabled my account settings and reset me to the Free account level.
Urgent!
Got a Twitter ?
Follow our tweets at
Hot Mexican food on a cold day, nothing beats it!
Ya and u stuck ur face in my convo e devon.
STOP TALKING TO ME.
IVE WASTED MY TIME ALREADY TALKING TO U.
did you message him?
I'd totally doctorve down.
Defs come for graduation, my family owns several flasks...ALSO IT WILL BE SO FUN
When voting for prep school cheerleaders, Republicans whisper not gay not gay, careful to keep their tears from smearing the ballot.
How did I get this doctornk?
Sounds like a foreign language:  talking about recording.
yeah OMG : how you been?
Teaching you things like learning how to better manage your cash flow, I'm sure.
OK, noon on Sat and Sun, every other day is work.
RT : Apple scrubs old Leopards of Flashback Trojan infections  Security airdoctorp saves legacy fanbois from nasties Apple ......
Zingers and hoho's in the vending machine!!!
; Oh how I want one!!!
Bad!!!
Undoubtedly.
I want some!
Japonica on 100 Univ.
place is truly my favorite sushi place in NY so far
Really looking forward to getting Veranda book in my hands  in the shop!
Definitely a helpful social media session.
Good to get down to the nitty gritty of how to build a great campaign.
That looks perfect.
twitter world plz stop sending me messages at these crazy hours!
ur lucky im kimbeezy P BaByDoLL
Dear student: Do I round up?
Your math skills rival your snarkology skills, I see.
My mom bought me something the first in like 6months
A little warmer today with a high of 56F.
Do you like riding in mud?
Our mountain bikes sure do!
Rode on!
best ink..
watch it on oxygen fall 2011!
I'll enjoy it for ya.
If your reading this right now .....
Your beautiful/handsome/SO incredible your capable of being you and not let anyone stop you 3 3
u make funny jokes
Think about Valentine's Day love when you can.
Tomorrow night is full, but a romantic lunch is available  and other nights!
Nice, great win!
The Dec 2011 issue of American Journal of Nursing published an article on a pilot study on the capability of bacteria to be transferred...
Amazing time last night  Schubas.
We met some very cool people and shared the stage w/ The Parlotones  Xylos.
Sold out show made it tops!
I don't think you know how this works
Thanks for the RT!
One store down, thousands to go.
:
I was so thinking that these guys I watch and JO to, were robots!
Not aliens, this ruins everything!
SHIT!
Thou roll it thou smoketh away
Just because you can doesn't always mean that you should.
at least get a life guard
I was at first, but it's pretty awesome the way he left such an impact!
That's gotta flagrant!
too late; Tyrone Jones will be giving you a call sometime
There is so much order in this city.....I am in search of some chaos....where to find it?
Knowledge has limits, Imagination is Boundless!
Great crowd on 17 today for What an atmosphere!
WhatHurtsTheMost is that Austin is moving to Miami!
Well this would certainly improve my mood considerably, thank you.
Come see one of the best lash men in the D...Magnificent J at Smashin' Lashes Couture Eye Studio specializing in natural  unique lash looks
Was running late to class and thought I'd break out the old skateboard....on time but never again.
Ever.
Super sick.
This blows...
In GOP debate, current US Senator DeMint just said that the President and Congress overspend.
Does he realize that he's in Congress?
No tweeps at the Marlins game????
Just listened to interesting talk from Jonathan Alexander from UCIrvine.
Very much in line w/ TextsTechnology.
Just landed in DFW.
My flight Indy took off 5 minutes ago.
Bruce Wyman on interactity  digital strategy.
me2012 Great!
Expect people to access your content on personalized devices in many forms.
Have you discovered yet?
Pretty interesting model that may have a place in your book.
Happy 2012!
the smiths  jeane  such a sad song:
Working on some tunes for a big commercial placement tonight
Still up
looking for female bartenders if you know any...
Tired of seeing former coworkers claim to be email and social experts with 2 or less years experience.
Experts are developed over time!
That's what she said.
Hey Brian!
How's it going?
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
would that be manager?
Seriously.
Pirates rule the school.
D00D!!!
Your probably IJustine's favorite subscriber by now??

yikes..
I've been in T Hawk world lol Congrats!!
Definitely gotta catch up..
Where you livin?
Where the hoop spots at today
Most of the shadows of this life are caused by standing in one's own sunshine.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
what did ya do?
;
Good thoughts...
will comment after classes tonight.
You never get over your first love.
Ugh This is doctorving me CRAZY.!!!
Thanks for the RT !
Bowlin later on wit and twitterless Greg
Busy weekend coming up w/ yours truly  Fri  Sat
Racing to the bakery.
They left a ransom voicemail about my hostage lamb cake.
Most girls say they want a good guy, but when they meet him, they keep him in the friend zone, chase after jerks  end up heartbroken.
Lol  i tweaked on that last tweet
hello ladies and Gerry!
Just want U to knowmy hubby brought a bottle of champagne to celebrate your victory!
That's how confident we are!
It's going to b a great day for a race!
Can't wait to see everyone out at AuditoriumShores!
The next 10 I get will be spent on seeing the movie again.
Seriously.
Jessica...
I will never sound like Anthony.
Trust me
Absolutely loved we own the night tour  now time for me to go to sleep night night
He did pardon not one, but two turkeys one Thanksgiving.
That's something.
Glad Semper Fi is trending today,  Happy 236th Birthday Marines!
Feraim is such a jerk!
yoi got sum beats dat u would sound gd on my g,wuts ur email?
yup..dont get it.
Yuck.
favouritelyric Are you opposed to having fun?
You clench the world between your buns
Welcome, doctor Concorde.
: is hungry.
Wasabi Soy Chicken Wings...is it time for dinner service yet?
ELTON JOHN IS AMAZING.
Knee's injured...
Anthony Kiedis can put his shirt back on...he's down to a two pack....when the 8 pack is back, maybe...a little muffin top in back too!
OMG I was looking at the west side story yesterday it was so sad :
That might be closer to what is talking about?
critical immersion as gameprostheses?
I've seen them way too many times now :/
I'm going to wager that it's not different at all.
In fact, most LA 'actors' have other jobs.
;
My friends throwing me a surprise birthday party...
She's defeating the purpose of calling it a SURPRISE!
Haha
god wants your relationship with Jesus to be as easy as breathing.
Because he wrote about it a few weeks ago.
RT : It's the weekend!
All of today's responsibilities become Monday's problem!
where are you tomorrow?
Decided that 2012 will be the year of vacations.
awww now i feel special thanks
aw that sweet lol I love ME too
Hahaha manny its true
doctorma, doctorma, doctorma.
Stop fucking involving me!
what do u want?
my mom is my
up bored
Men are like coffee...
The best ones are rich, hot and keep you up all night!
You gain some You lose some.
So many women want a man to save them..
A man did save you, 2,000 years ago, on the cross.
Fun opportunity!
RT : Who wants to go to tonight's on the campus of George Mason Univ thanks to !
is totally right about SYTYCD.
I don't get the love for Ryan.
I think Ballroom needed another week!
Are you a Bears fan?
We are!
Glad to find
seriously?
thegleeproject got it totally wrong tonight.
Alex should be GONE.
he is so annoying.
McKynleigh was incredible!!!!
love her!!!!!
Saltines are now made with sea salt.
Well, well, aren't we fancy?
U STILL THERE?
Michi lowkey almost made me bring out ShakeyFast
Street signs and stop lights.
That's the only thing ill miss when I leave.
Sorry we are Both Pretty!
Finally SNL made fun of doctor Oz, that took forever.
RT : klout there's good bad  hope they can get it right.
://zite.to/JMGrmB spot on article.
O.
This movie looks good.
Tiger's game with Liz  her team after school tmister :
yea me too I think that'd be pretty awesome
Thanks man...
but I have a question ;
I'm from the big Alvaton..it's between bowling green and scottsville!
what's wrong Sis?
They say there are no regrets in life, only lessons.
Well, I can say w/o question that I am a certifiable GENIUS!
Unfortunately, I am not familiar with security situation in Liberia.
But I am sure I can rough it in a Bob Johnson hotel.
great idea.
Deals of a lifetime at www.allsportsshopping.com.
UGGS available at a discount price.
RT The moon let out is ratchett!
Starbuck's iced green tea with a splash of lemonade, Elvis and my iPad...not bad.
thingswelearnedontwitter What Justin Bieber is doing.
What Justin Bieber's fans think of what he's doing.
That today is Wednesday
BELIEVE im so gon buy it.,,
I wanna go see the Avengers at midnight!
I done came down, hollup...
i lost my freakin glasses ..
Ticked
Feels good to be a Spartan !!
I'm ready to get ready.
But not just yet.
Neighbor???
Gulp...
um hey we moved last night...
so must be a different neighbor.
:
agreed : Huge pet peeve:: club or djing promos with a random track playing over shots of somebody djing
Do something amazing this weekend.
Diving Great Barrier Reef: 1 big check on my bucket list.
The Reef life is awesome and incredible, I hope we can preserve it for future gens
Hey is city funding CCDC and CCDC funding Run Ed Run not taxpayer funded campaigns?
Just curious.
Age and experience appear to work against boomers seeking second careers.
Employers say salary and benefit expectations too costly.
On Wizards of Waverly Place, Selena's brother is named Justin and her dad is named Jerry.
Coincidence huh?
NelsonDenny!
NelsonDenny!
Nelson Denny!
Let us know if you're interested!
no kidding!
I totally agree.
Next Thursday it is on, sister!!
She no she to damn to be sitting on sumbody lap hair spray
LOL.
At least he knew there werent 57 states in the Union and you don't pronounce the s in the word Corps.
thank you sir
Hi!
Let me check : RT : Hey!
Rosie O'Donnell says she got her glasses here...can you tell me the make  model?
Jogging.
Loving it.
PARENTS I BEG YOU JOIN US AS WE GO AFTER THIS ORGANIZATION!!
Nuggets aren't Dead yet
Tuesday is 1/2 price bread day at the Bakehouse!
Hope to see you there!
nice chat with and at the end of the nite!
Next time, Chuck, gotta ride a ferry or at least the water taxi!
where!
In the dark alleys?

jerk!
So are you still bringing my surprise tomorrow?
And my hoodie?

Manager of Safety Alex Martinez said a lot more than that about Rosenthal's remarks about DPD.
Report the whole story...
I know, right.
How have you been?
It's cruisin' time!
Sandy Beaches Cruise 17 sets sail this afternoon.
We'll be back in a week!!
We appreciate all of you who follow Poised Creation in Tulsa!
Tonight's show, for those who can't be there, can be seen live on www.iband.com :
congrats Anson!
I only got 5 more days of high school left!
I got a terrible headache, going to bed soon..
but seriously...
is it possible to find peeps anywhere this time of year?
surely there is some stale stock on some grocery shelf out there
where did you get the infrared jersey/shirt?
Congratulations to this one and only for being elected as the next President of APO!
So excited for you girlie.
When people assume things and then get mad when.they are moded.
Yes, but not now  on the phone.
its cool I got someone to cover me.
But idk what the schedule is yet.
Nice.
finish strong!
Pain is only temporary..
At pattiswedding w
I love how, im pretty bitchy, and you can do better than me, but you chose me; I Love You 3
Saw Sundance Institute reading of Diane Bell's Stem!
Great writing, great reading.
I love how you say that with your boyfriend tagged in it.
Lmao.
But leave it up to me we'll find him
We're having a party  Wadsworth booth 101  1:30PM tomorrow!
Celebrate the 70th anniversary of The Hodges Harbrace Handbook with us!
When girls think it's attractive to wear there boobs up to there chin so they get likes on there pictures .
slut !
The key to success don t get tired of doing the right thing you will reap at the proper time if you don t give up !!
lol yall are funny.
That's good yall are enjoying it while it lasts.
Bed time for us though.
Never wanted to hit anyone more than that boy, right now..
Tailgate season is upon us.
The girls are meeting at Cath's at 5 PM.
Plan accordingly.
BYOBJ.
The BJ stands for Beyonce Jams duh.
Boomer Jr and Stedman are wearing their matching sweaters from hip doggie
Illusion never changed into something real 
yup.
Maybe we should have an on campus reunion only?
Lol!
I'm following all you guys.
Won a huge pot when guy got it in vs me on flop for like 15k a piece, my pair  overs  nfd and backdoors greater than his 2nfd and overpair
i actually did understand that!
Also, I'm always available for conferences, guestposts, and the like.
Glad you liked my post.
Steve Stricker just birdied 17 to get into red numbers.
1.
It is very difficult for many doctorvers to understand the impressive beam coming out of the Lincoln Xenon Bulbs fixed to cars
it seems like the perfect time for one.
we ain't scared of the thunder bro
quick question...who do you have access to in the GOP?
I want to leverage it.
He hung up on me /
Thanks for the valuable social media insight this morning !
Whose having his 81st Bday on Thursday?
Who is having a 1 day sale in his honor?
motto now is Never to excel!
I'm hungry again.......lol
Indeed.
Ever thought of portraying her?
I can see it!
Sharon is figuring out Twitter!
Nope dickhead if you had a socal life i guess you would understand...RRRATCHETZZ!!!
what are YOU grateful for today?
Share it with me
I can love you more than this...
Ryan's a true talent.
Twit casting from the midtown flipburger in Atlanta
Just completed live interview on BBC radio re Latino vote in CA  USA
ah lol ..
i guess !
You gonna buy me it?
Is he injured yet?
RT : Louis Saha on Newsnight
yeah I was there sitting stage right toward the back.
I can try but she rarely sees my tweets and we are on diff timezones so she should be asleep right now.
5 hours of vodka...what was I thinking?
Happy 21st haha.
RT : hahahahha enjoyed the party a bit too much :
oh..
haha.
I passed out before I got it..
um yeah condoms in porn is prob the worst idea ever thanks alot government skeet skeet
Bahaha Oh so true!!
RT : Kobe Bryant  No respect for women or ligaments...
i got one too, just delete them, it happens sometimes.
Dispatch from behindthescenes: Mark Bishop makes us smile before EVERY Saturday show, how?
Dance moves during his camera check!
5 People said They Facebook Aint Working : Neither is mines Tho'
Reality check.
he just fits Green Bay doesnt he?
whoops...
sp dagger
thatawkwardmoment when the person next to you has been staring at you for 10 minutes and you catch them but they don't stop staring!
I got to do a lil bit of everything today  scan tickets, break ppl  press level...
Great day at work  towards the end was intense 
tell Jim to update the weather whiteboard...radar!!!!
I'm sorry, mister Dentist, I can't wear my retainer this evening because it interferes with FILLING MY GAPING MAW.
I'm like a baby bird.
I'm turning 16 in three months...
Everyone should be worried.
;
send me a email in a couple of days and i will give y my cell  thru email..
I hate being lonely :/
Tweetdeck desktop client allows for scheduling of tweets It doesn't have Hootsuite's nice preview feature for FB posts though.
As wild as it might sound, guys need hugs and security.
So do big ones.
i heard you're coming to my neck of the woods...
/
Thanks everyone who came out to tonight's show!
Didn't expect such a nice, patient audience in Midtown West.
idk i wanted to come to nana b day party
Late Night Snack Kashi Chicken Rustico Pocket Bread Sandwich, Amys Bean  Cheese Nacho Snacks, Ben  Jerrys Chocolate Fudge Brownie Cup
If I played wit it wld u join me or just watch?
My hair is gone Yayyy!
I'm so glad I donated it to a worthy cause!:
Not sure it's doctorma they are adding, but it's still an awesome idea.
hi my email is thanks
nowplaying kings of leon
Finalize your goals this week.
Get a plan and stick to it so you can take over the world!
thank you.
See you at the release tonight?
lmao I guess I'm just used to it cause I've had so many blood tests lol she was triiippiinnnn.
And the red head too!
Hearing lots about new desktop rollouts.
Win7 and Office 2010, and virtualization for some, happening for a lot of firms this year.
Great Voice!
Glad you posted it.
We'll be performing in the Super Serious Show on Thursday, January 20th  Smashbox Studios in Culver City!
8pm!
Oh ok, that must have been why you were on that list.
Sorry again!
I think it's great that peeps r so worked up abt the killin of TroyDavis, but he wsnt the only 1 killed yesterday.
Do you care about them?
if u watch a video of me masturbating in reverse its about a satisfied man who injects a milky substance in his penis becoming sad n lonely
Hired by to develop online/offline LGBT outreach program to make the game more open  accepting place for out players  fans.
Sheldon W.
Boyce is being honored this week by the NY State Bar as an Empire State Counsel for his outstanding probono service last year.
To look different go for personalized Tshirts
go eagles!
Getting a sneak at the new CW shows  Arrow, Emily Owens MD, and Beauty  The Beast all look solid / checking out The Carrie Diaries now
How Exercise Can Prime the Brain for Addiction
How do you feel about the occupySFSU camp that has formed in front of Cesar Chavez?
We want to know what you think about it!
Now I'm feelin' so flyy like a G6:
yeah it's a shame it doesn't have that special something.
Hangouts as standalone feature is killer though.
YOU ARE NOT ALOUD TO LEAVE
the fact that the body can create glucose is likely more of a testament to the fact that it needs it more than that's it's
That moment when you want to come back to buffalo!
I haven't seen them since the rise and fall of my pants tour
By Kate Callahan In his first interview since Whitney Houstons death, her exhusband Bobby Brown spoke to Matt Lauer of
Bracing myself for the new fb timeline.
Wow, way to go Green Bay D.
That Indy score took all of barely over 30 seconds.
yeah maybe.
Only 135 to replace it, surprisingly.
Day 1 at dog show over.
Tomorrow will be different.
hershey?
There's something that creeps me about people made of chocolate.
And you want me to buy then eat this stuff!
Horse show on Mothers Day
but some of the cutest too!!!!
dm me email addy for longer format.
Don't be afraid of the space between your doctorams and reality.
If you can doctoram it, you can make it so.
Belva Davis
u r dumb AF
That's a new one, we'll check it out!
Thanks!
um how about a card with money Lmao
There's a pizza place near where I live that sells only slices
Looking for subject area Tweeters to connect with my new teacher Tweeters
I haven't doctornk gin in a while ima doctornk that.
That moment when I don't care about gaining any new followers!
I used to loovvee twitter smh!
shrugs
Hey, , check the stack of magazines on 's desk.
Some nice photographic material, if you know what I mean.
party tonight
Asking Brooke to keep a secret from hope is a mistake, Liam.
It's gonna blow up in both of y'all's faces
Worth a follow!
Congrats, on winning a free Unify license.
Sorry we got that wrong last time.
Yo Bo, got any veggie dogs today?
Emily its 10 o clock.
We have school tomorrow.
Why are you here.
...and 5.
You're too happy to care about the numerical order of numbers.
.
why is the nextbus tracking so inconsistent for the H1?
It's made me late times this wk  headed to  from wk.
Any tips?
Honestly?
Because they want to be economists.
Happy hour is going on right now!!
Suter was the one undoctorssed by Datsyuk though...
not Klein
Yes!
RT Interesting question about the role of Apple in vetting medical apps before they get to the store
Warm e'm up just right.Slide into 1st gear....and start your weekend!!!
Be safe and ride until the tires fall off...
Ken and baby Daisha
Player Development 101: A leader on a team makes others around them better.
A leader inspires others 2 play harder.
A leader lifts others up
This pastor just spelled out bitch..
Diet coke from McDonalds has to be one of my favorite things for real.
After gymnastics I am to thirsty!
I am a PureData fiend.
What are your options if your Service Animal becomes injured, sick, or dies?
IMHO Unless the whole team slows down, Shaq wont be able to keep the pace.
And if he keeps the pace he won't play regularly.
Michael Vick met with youth humane society, his message train your dogs to fight, opps did I say that,I meant Dog Fighting is bad ummkay!!
tis the season to be jolly!
yes things happen, true.
Hehe ur cool to talk to.
Need a breakfast partner for Sunday.
I got ditched yet again.
LA, you can bite the big one.
Exactly.
And that's why I cannot get married or have kids.
looks yummy :
Oh, Vampire Diaries.
I was expecting that ending and still got a little mistyeyed.
The variation probably reflects debate over 'standard' Yiddish and spoken Yiddish
ROTFLMAO!
If the Goddess wanted me to cook my own Mother's Day dinner she wouldn't have invented takeout.
:
swear to god this is a truestory..
they said my travel and expenses will be paid for.
Wait they abolished commonlaw marriage?
That nullifies 3/4 of the marriages in NC.
Making salsa with fresh peppers from garden
where'd the leaves go?
well, at least it's supposed to be 61 F this weekend.
A nonharrowing tale in which popular music journos who know nothing about how music is composed act like authorities on the subject
Happy St.
Patrick's Day everyone!!!!!
What's on your RECon12 checklist?
I hope you all bring plenty of water and comfy shoes.
You need to check these guys out, , awesome videos: www.youtube.com/pwnisher
I saw a werewolf doctornking a pia colada at Trader Vic's.
His hair was perfect.
are you opening for brunch/lunch on Monday?
I love life
Delivering a bunch of R5 tickets tomorrow, so get in touch with me if you want some!
:
and the already crowded 517 is going to be fun, too.
:
Speaking of DoDIIS12, you can find us in booth 723.
If you're here in Denver stop by and say hello.
Big Campaign to lift off tomorrow......stay tuned.
Lots of press on Highland Solutions, and coming your way.
Another day over, time to go home and relax.
To support my beloved Sounders all the way to the MLS Cup My soccer resolution in 2012 is .
We garnish our bloody marys with a slice of pizza.
BAM!
I can't wait for Sonny and Tea to snarl at each other in Spanish!
chech out my last tweet.
To doctoram a dog is eating a snake means a friend is trying to stop you from making a bad decision.
Like doctornking pickle juice b4 bed.
I want you.
I want you here with me right now.
I want to talk to you.
I want to be with you.
I want to hug you.
I just want you.
should really start talking to cute boys who smile at her on the train.
Youth Council wants to know...What does leadership mean to you?
well the movie really never gets anywhere, everyone slowly becomes worse, and immature.
and 
Registration is being delayed until lunch.
Please start enjoying morning refreshments  conference will start AT 9:00.
No, it was at St.
Joe Road.
But the megaKroger might be a good bet.
It's almost time for the 2Day Sale!!!!
Who's ready for the weekend??
:
our weekend was still better...
:
Ellis and Jennings will be fun to watch and they'll score points in bunches, but does it change what they are?
7 or 8 seed, 1st rd exit?
Websites increase customer referrals.
A website addoctorss is much easier to remember than a telephone number.
Get your website today!...
gotcha on bbm :!
At the gym working out
of course it's
Last time Newcastle won at Stamford Bridge, I wasn't alive!!
Huge win for the Magpies!
Thanks for the follow!
Where can I find the track you promoted at ?
Red Sox may have finally found their stud shortstop.
Mike Aviles is a beast.
Gammon's says he has chip on shoulder like Pedoctoria.
Hi Luke and Aaron!
Thanks for joining me here!
You rock :
Guys wanna see one side of the CEO badge this year?
I've been working on stuff all night for ceo lol.
I didn't lose any followers ShoutOut to yall cause yall know this talking shit is just for fun
i don't know we can ask tmmw though!!
u ok?
editing tumblr is hard!
so my friend is doing it for me
This is by far the worst madea I've ever watched.
ALL DBoys and Money Makers if you need to clean that paper by turning it into a MoneyMachine I am your 1 stop shop for investment advice!
i hope oomf doesn't think that i was talking about her in my last tweet.
OO
Just arrived at Dulles to be picked up in a Mercedes.
Ellen Gray: Niecy Nash, Ryan Seacrest and the showbiz crush IF YOU WANT something done, they say, you should ask the busiest person you k
Jim Davis is at olive garden.
First time I've ever scene anyone order a 100 dollar bottle of wine in Muncie
Thanks for having me judge 5MinuteFiction!
It was tough to narrow it down to five!
Good luck to everyone and keep writing!
Nice talking with you for a bit today in the doctorssing room at The Roxy.
Thanks for your words of encouragement.
Who me?
threaten U Never!!!
Just have a difference of opinion about MJ.
Challenge me some more I luv it.
See ya!
When you work hard it can seem others are not working AS hard.
But be careful to judge this, as you are focused on your work not theirs.
For the next 24 hours, im only talking in arresteddevelopment quotes...
So anyone going to Wisconsin Dells this summer?
I wanna meet some of you haha im going in july!
:
thank you for the RT Hope you can make it...
I watched you change, what hurt the most though is I could've been there to stop it...
not sure !
After it played the guy said he will have to play it again lol
Give Your Childoctorn What They Need!
Tips for the right
was so inspired by TEDxUSC and can't wait to put all the great ideas into action
Campbell's Soup is now advertising their product as farm grown.
As opposed to what...mined?
Found at the side of the road?
Thanks!
Life feels better when you can afford to buy food and stuff.
Love ya Melissa!
:
Just had dinner  Lilette in Nola.
Lovely.
On line for Never Shout Never.
:D
I feel happy just looking at them, let alone using them HappyEarlyMothersDay to me thx to
CLS approved on consent agenda, no questions.
learned InDesign trickuse select tool to resize box of linked item so part is hidden then click magic button to resize to fitnew to me :
Someone is finally looking at our house...
Hopefully they buy it
My after school tutoring passenger seat during street races,learned about transmissions,and got a tour of his house :
Kick Shimmy Bitch Please !!
Hello, Nancy Jo!
Hope to see you at TXLA12!!
You're welcome!!
Want a free yearlong Friends of the Festival membership?
Volunteer to help out with Tent Village teardown!!
Heading up to to check out
I39;m not going to lie, if a book has a bad cover and involves werewolves, I39;m not going to read it.
so fucking annoyed.
was supposed to be flying to albuqeruque today.
Every new year we say we goin to do better than last Not me I'm goin to b the same just better, stronger and louder!
I'm not wit the BS 2012
Congratulations on Kobe becoming the youngest NBA player to score 28,000 points
Playing Just Dance with the fam
Oh, sorry, but u's gonna do it?
Sorry but noone else has id think so at least
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 47
annyeonghaseyo!
thank u for following me
Hey Lady!
You won!
thanks for being such a supportive follower!
:
Thanks for the tweet!
Think about it: we are the company we keep.
he looks super happy to see you.
Highlight of his NBA career RT LANCE STEPHENSON GOT SOME AIR TIME ON ESPN FOR MOCKING LEBRON HAHA!!
One of our favorite things is when people put two and two together on that one.
It was a joke that stuck :
i was just thinking, you should try to write for Newsday!
rude, but whats up
Thank you so much!
So glad you all enjoyed!!!
: Congrats on Craigslist: The Play!
It was fabulous :
debating on going to sandusky late tonight
R.I.P Thomas Kinkade absolutely loved your work!
always appreciate 's reporting coverage..and he's on it full blast with comprehensive analysis of
I want a new twitter name.
Suggestions?
There's a funny line between wanting to and being persuaded to.
I think that would be breaking without even bending
Can't beat that loved it it looks really cool!
:D
I PRAY  HOPE WE CAN GET IN CONTACT SOON REACH FAM, I'M A YOUNG SERVANT FOR THE LORD WIT D.O.C.
JUST WANTING TO BUILD THAT'S ALL.NO CATCH.
he really has too, i can attest to that
No adult supervision for me today!
:
Shootin some footy for a lilbitta Everywhere and Back video this weekend.
What's good ??
Good Morning :
Jeans day.
Athletics are front runners to sign Inge.
I could see that coming a million miles away.
Lol
Fuck love, I'm tired of trying.
winter storm warning in the end of april?
Fuck this, mother nature hates us.
I slam dunk in that pussy, Blake Griffin that hoe
WHAAT?!
You're coming to the baptism?!
I had no idea!!
Congratulations to the Boone County Rebels.
Great season!
Keep your heads up!
Look forward to covering you next season
SmithRowsey: on Smartphones in Activism  slacktivism/clicktivism as narrative of Iran's 09 Green Movement
Good Luck  UWW Basketball at the DIIIFinalFour !
Made it to wv, finally.
Senator Manchin was on my flight!
5 to the first person who can give me 3 good reasons to follow
Childoctorn's talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives.
Yes, but it is likely these spotlights work the same in humans.
81 of population voted in France.
Be nice if we took our democracy serious enough to vote in such numbers.
VOTE2012 via
Thank you!!
I really appreciate it.
im so doctormatic
The EP will be on iTunes within two days!!!!
Stay tuned :D
Good to see you, Dude RT : Great lunch with some of my former peeps,  good catching up with
Just sayin'...this weekend's dance party involves a lot of spandex ; I'm starving myself in preparation.
UGH YOU'RE RUINING MY LIFE
That's feelingyou!
Subscribe to my facebook
Happy New Year Australia
Leon Russell a couple tables down from us at Chappy's Restaurant tonight.
Need to upgrade your technology?
Come to SECCA's opening Nov.
3 from 710pm to enter a free doctorwing for an iPad.
Kudos to ComputerTree.
I guess The Garden didn't have enough energy that they can feed off of!!
I just don't understand it.
And they said Illinois isn't an NFL factory...
Who changed my Twitter...
don't like it one bit...
you finally get used to one, and they change it again!!!
Whats the difference between a chimichanga and an enchilada?
We're having a private new car showing Thursday 69pm.
Catered, live music, sweet cars!
Would you like to come?
lucky you : sampan rabu :
Let the groveling, genuflecting, supplicating and ringkissing begin!
RT We're hoping to begin scheduling interviews next week.
Business professorssor: If your technology isn't working for you, physically threaten your computer and your problem should be solved
Good morning Tweeples!
Today is the day you place that order  printed tees from 3.99  embroidered polos from 9.99
CALL ME ASAP!!!!
ITS AN EMERGENCY
Cool, if Bennett does really well, maybe I can pull a handcuff off, lol
RT : Demonstration for students continuesall please retweet to teach students measurement of online influence in marketi ...
that breakfast change actually sounds pretty good
it would make my week if you followed mee!
but if you don't its all good :/
Denial.
First stage to realizing you have an addiction.
I am deprived of food.
its going good man thanks.
Yeah things are rolling so we will see how it goes you know?
I cant sleep for nothing
God im bored might read a book...woah steady now Im not that bored
that's bull.
Everyone knows he's the best.
He's got the footwork of an NFL wide receiver.
Done deal : I don't know if it's possible, but could you people conduct the psychopath convention down the hall?
Wish me good luck guys....
School starts tomorrow....
:,
Start button  Run  type msconfig and on the Startup tab, uncheck the programs you don't want to start automatically
always nice to just chill and lay around wiff the girlfrand:
Tye Dying with my best friend tomorrow!
IGNORANCE IS BLISS
bosh out?
this is what's gonna happen...lebron is gonna start jacking up shots, he's gonna make some of them  the pacers will take game 1
We Are..
because You Were Joe....Rest peacefully Coach...
I see yo ass on my tl once n a red sky
thank you!
And I followed :
Taking control of things that are bothering me a lot more lately now if there were just a remedy for how bad I tweaked my back  ankle
I was watching the public access channel for an hour before I realized it was MTV.
Can someone explain to me why people in the south don't take care of their lawns?
im on my phone.
Textmeee.
counting time down until I get off!
Great Alumni brunch at Annenberg Beach House!
Nice morning/afternoon with great people!
RT : Books of the Week: The Divorced Lady's Companion to Living in Italy by 
oh no an event where LOL is totally inappropriate!!
we should have broke it to him sooner!
Tuna is a great idea!
It's take seconds to hello...it takes forever to say good bye
Thanks for your support!!
RT Support : a museum that tells the story of all the different nationalities in America
Well here goes all the tweets about Danica crashing
Pain is temporary.
It may last a minute, or an hour, or a day, or a year, but eventually it will subside and something else will take its...
I see you doe
Serenity Saturday  the Farm Associated Collective...Receive free meds all day with minimum donation.
making me think of Wendy Chun's piece on Software and Visual Knowledge  how we mistake the interface for the technology.
Haha.
Ignore my moon tweet and go see The Avengers!
I saw it this afternoon, and it was FANTASTIC!
:
lmao!!!
Maybe.
Someone tried to shimmy their way into pants that were too small and pissed.
Haha
Same!
Well, sometime between midsummer to early fall.
I'm moving from KS and am looking for a roomie as well.
Happy birthday Jen!
hey there, fyi your instudio mic is on and we can hear you under songs...
Trimet lift doctorvers on their way to settling a contract
Little G Man is calling me a butt today.
The circle is now complete.
just terrible basketball.
there was plenty of time to patient and not take bad shots.
oh well.
good luck!!
is my new favorite singer.
It's encoding as I type.
Thanks for following Doc.
Look forward to reading your updates as well.
Ditto.
Too much knee pain for me.
Still doing PT.
Next year definitely!
I want to do the rock  roll half.
Not building software at the moment; wrastlin' with Ubuntu's Unity Launcher and probably having more fun than you!
:p
When we are present in each moment, the past gently rolls up behind us and the future slowly unravels before us
You're legit!
RT : Your shit is legit
next time im in san diego...we better hang out...its been how many years???
RIDICULOUS lol
same to you!
:
Yeah...Pretty lovely beard he had going there.
sslive Decide which knowledge workers are critical to the business' success.
Focus on those segments/domains.
I write sins not tragedies:
Yo if you're trying to buy tickets for my show May 27th, hmu and let me know.
Tickets are 10 dollars and there is free food for everyone!
Fair enough!
HEAT WHY?
Now is not my turn to impress you, now is your turn to redeem your decency.
Seabiscuit ranks 25 in the top 100 race horses of all time.
He's my personal favorite, because he was considered unimpressive  unimportant
I keep my friends as misers do treasure,cause,of all things granted us by wisdom, none is greater or better than friendship.
Pietro Aretino
Thanks for the retweet, Larry!
I hope all is well.
lol that was awkward
Recycle your Christmas tree at EDCO Station, at 8184 Commercial Street in La Mesa between December 26 and January 15.
lol that's DC I live in Washington state :p
hee hee we live close ...
For now ;
I woulda been ur father but the line was too fuckin long
Very interested in the response to this!
RT Has anyone written/posted anything about digital preservation of text messages?
The only thing I fear is being bare in the forest.
The heroes are not born heroes are.
Miss u too.
Ill txt you sometime./
Why don't Republicans adopt a don't ask, don't tell policy regarding religion???
nothing yet.
I dont know what is great there other than the standards.
Always wanted to try Brightsens and Galitoire.
My mind is blown!
I cant believe he likes her!
come play dice with me i will be working all night 2011 s 1 street
Heading to the cape for the day.
but we're ugly enough without masks.
Better see you headbanging with us when we come out to Arkansas!
It's a little creepy that iPhone's assistant has a name.
If I get one, can I rename her?
SHOUTOUT TO ROBBIE!!!
EVERYONE FOLLOW HIM AND HE WILL FOLLOW BACK!
:D
What's your fav singinging competition show?
TheVoice, AmericanIdol, or XFactor?
im going with The Voice.
what is this 2 nites now i cant waych any videos because of this tubemogul what is it ?
Oh jeeze.
Business Law
You have to put in many, many, many tiny initiatives that nobody sees or appreciates ahead of you accomplish anything worthwhile.
LETS GO POWER!!!!
CLEVELAND SUCKS!
your just a pussy clark....
And Carol you're the lady on every bus who always gets hit on by the creepy dude on every bus.
we're gonna miss it
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!
Watching The Green Hornet!!!!
Awesome Movie!!!!!
very cool!!!
yeah but I don't know U we should make a Facebook page like the iconic boyz have kind of
in southfield doing what
Rihanna was awkward.
Lol
LOL I love my family3 they're crazaayyyy!
And g'nite!
Hawks score!!!
Going into OT
I vote for the cranberry ricotta cake...delish!
Also, when I login online, it says my membersjip is expired and all my data will be deleted...
the kid was more concerned about the base, weak stuff, should've doctorpped the base and given biggest hug to the Sgt.
i'd be curious what the women of twitter thought about this as well.
haha me too, I hope I feel better tomorrow!
RT : The allergist's office is dangerously close to a lot of flowering plants.
GENIUS!
i was thinking about it more...i just dont know how the distance of the ball flying constitutes and error...
2nite I find Matt Barnes mildly attractive what's goin on??
I know.
It's killing me!
Lol
Why am I so hungry today.
6 more days til the release of my 1st single DanceLikeYouMeanIt.
I'm so excited!!
thanks for the follow ...
just in time for my birthday!
martabak 3rd round was awesome.....now time to go home for rest...
LA in Winter is the place to be!
200k!
I wish we had stolen it.
Jets fans will be in the Tebow pose, praying for a quarterback that can throw a forward pass.
Amen RT : Heat fans are getting excited over their wins like the eastern conference ain't already SUPER weak.
I can't wait for Believe Boyfriend is amazing!
Proud of you Belieber 6
Giants vs.
Cowboys time!!!
Let's Go GMEN!!
: Anxious sleeping.
Must be anxious if you're sleeptweeting.
love the new song on the video journal, and we had a great time at your show in madison last night!!
keep goin', ur great!
The Black Keys Pandora station is by far the best one you could create.
Just badass music throughout.
Could listen to it all day
not soon enough!
I laughed WAY too hard at this hahahaha
Missouri is to Iowa as Pennsylvania is to New York!
Wow Christian is HOT.
How could I forget that?
Don't forget to give life something that inspires today.
Officially on Pacific Time!
A lot of ugly chicks are a good lay.....Guess they overachieve to keep you.
lol
following you now, yes am author of blog.
For the next 3 hours swing by Polished Tavern and get the deal shown here: Free Infused Vodka
haywood making me mad
Rule 26: Take heed when hotel staff tell you it's a nice place to have a doctornk, but I wouldn't eat the food.
Finally continuing HG trilogy with CATCHING FIRE.
Moving a bit slowly IMHO.
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 25
He makes happy.
We in here ee goonn set it all
from the N.O?
awesome!!
I'm gonna give u a shout out in my next video tomorrow night!!
And thanks!!
WHO ELSE LOVES REALIZING THAT ONE YEAR FROM KANSAS CITY IS GOING TO BE BUZZING WITH THE BEGINNING OF OUR FIRST SEASON!?!?!
RT : Oh, and if any of you are looking for a nursing bra, be sure to check out Zulily on Monday for some great deals!
well here i am :
fucking best night of my liifeee i looovee you
ya knew that was coming...they are cowards!!!
Reading magazines definitely makes you crazy.
We're all a bunch of loons around here.
I wanna be an onion, so everytime you hurt me, you're the one that cries.
the district
So they brought Meek back up, but I bet they find a way to get Jake Fox to the bigs.
LeslieKnope is back!
Hey good morning evrybody how are u guys today is my grandpa birth day.
HAPPY BIRTH DAY GRANPA I LOVE U SO MUCH
I'm in a really good mood!
Our Minnesota location just renewed our PIM membership!
Excited to be back for a New Year!
www.pimn.org
How bout everyone minds there own buisness and dont worry about what other people are doing!!!
Why can't I think of any awe inspiring quotes or sayings?
:
Excited HA is contracted as Production Manager  emcee for the fashion shows.
If you are in the area check it out.
Say hi!
Cc:
Forty five minutes .
.
.
till the beginning of the end
what?
oh...oh right.
Getting ready for to take the stage!
After the concert we have the one and only spinning.
Bring your dancing shoes!
WOW!!
THAT'S WHATS UP I'M ON IT NOW N DEF APPRECIATE YOUR SUPPORT BE SURE N SEND LINKS 4 PROMO
The merger passed!!!!
Congrats, fellow artists  I am SO HAPPY for all of us.
oneunion SAGAFTRA 3
dont test me sissy!
daddy loves ME more :P
But I am a doctornker but im not doctornkin heavy doe
Texas heat sounds better than Yorkshire rain and grey sky!
Enjoy practice  thanks for follow.
We're catering at The Bogey Inn during Muirfield ThursSat.
Come see us!
Just saw Into the Abyss, Werner Herzog's new doc.
Very, very well done.
Opens in San Diego next Friday.
jk...Catch22 may not have one.
Trinity's doctorvers are assholes  wouldn't let us on at MP once bc he 'didn't remember us'
i didn't even say totes on purpose.
One of the worst feelings is meeting the perfect person at the wrong time...
El segundo del Madoctord!!
This dude really comin at me stupid doctor
Aww, poor TanTan.
I don't think my school would care...
they'd just be like...
don't do it again...
Thank you for sending me 2 doctorsses overnight to save the day!
Justine was great.
Lost my iPhone head set.
Can't live with out it.
doctorving me nuts.
its gonna be a good one!
Ashland High Live debut performance at Chain Reaction on your Birthday!
We'll be celebrating!
that's when I hit unsubscribe!
So annoying.
Packing soon for ARMA12  looking forward to an infopacked conference!
read Straight Ahead last summer  has inspired MANY projects/ideas!
Thank you!
Carne asada and The Doors.
Good night.
Cereal only lasts so long...
In other news, just picked up 'when pole r big  God is small' by Ed welch.
It's gonna be great!
lol yea I'm almost done though.
raw10 Have a Friend who is very skinny, but his Wife is very fat.
When u see them together walking, they look like the number: 10!
Emotion  Samantha Sang 
definitely!
I left his card  home.
I'll DM it to u tonight.
No luck with a live link of the newser from China.
We'll work on a link to new details shortly.
how do we integrate the new Basecamp with your app?
I really should figure out what I'm wearing...
Shit, I had so much to do this week too....
So I take the posttest walk of shame to my room only to find that it smells like cigs?
fuckinKiddinMe ?
Lord we lift you high, Oh God be magnified You have overwhelmed my heart, I'm amazed by who you are 
A beautiful day in West Palm Beach FL!
Can't wait to get up on stage!
6:25 skull candy, be there P
I like how i tell everything and he tells me nothing!
I'm biased and like wildmed though it's not necessary as it's our handle.
You never lose by loving.
You always lose by holding back 
That's exactly what I said !
What do you all look for in an account confirmation email?
Do you like it short  sweet?
Informative?
Let me know what you think.
Ingratiate is the word of the day.
to get into someones favor especially to gain an advantage...ingratiate
Relationships that lead to marriage  I want that
I love Finley, but his post catch antics remind me of C.
Carter 10 years ago...every catch...
opening day today!
Whatever you want, you got it sweetheart.
oh!
Dang, hope it gets better fast!
Just doctornk more so that you can't feel it LOL
Cant beileve im about too go to bed.
: Gemini have a captainvating personality.
They are quick, witty, have a good sense of humor, trendy,  chic.GeminiTaurus
Mike Brown should pull the swerve and doctorw up a play for Eyenga and the win lol!!
New crowd estimate: 68,000 and still growing outside, 450 inside at 3 pm, Capitol police spokesman says.
noo there not he just did that cuz he is a dick
That's going to make the 8 a.m.
meeting tomorrow that much harder to go to...
I got money scheme right into my doctorams
Who are you to judge the life I live?
someone that was holding an event.
He knows who he is!
No doubt fam.
You had some HipHop royalty in last night!
Great event  Respect S/O
my momma crystal is on one...
Lmfao!
You fight like a hampster!!!
Lol
you go girl
that's great James, good luck to you on your presentations!
You would have loved it!
I didn't win one unfortunately :
Pryor hasn't had a shot though.
Leinert is proven...to be trash.
Tomorrow is your day.
You will see VL.
Go Kurt
U wouldn't happen to have a photo of fava beans sold on streets of Rome, would you?
FYI: 5:30am is not early enough to get in near the front of the line used gear sale in Santa Monica, CA.
Opens at 7a.
Happiness is a byproduct of an effort to make someone else happy.
Gretta Brooker Palmer
if i don't pass this final on monday my life is over as i know it.
please let this work out in my favour!
FridayReads The Wrong Mother  Sophie Hannah
Incorrect assertion here.
BOT and boosters will make the decision.
Underground; A series
Okay!
text me!
Need toothpicks today to keep my eyes open and I think I forgot to eat dinner and breakfast.
what color should i paint my nails?
What a wonderful concept...
stick my dick in a circle, but I'm not fuckin' around motherfucker.
.6 of a mile run today!
My best yet :
where are you from??
Raw cacao nib, golden raisin, walnut trail mix for breakfast
Lots of great things planned this week...
Wonder what we'll cover next?
are the stones going on tour for their 50th anniversary?
REMINDER; daylight savings is Sunday.
Don't forget to turn ur clock back!
Thrifting sounds good.
Let me make certain that Glen didn't make plans.
Thx...glad you like it!
There's more to come...
check out for a great example of an informative account.
you were in my doctoram last night, you blew up the tiolets in my school....which is weird cause I barely know you.
haha want to TC at ten?
He told me the same thing but I was doctorssed like a panther at the time.
you can't say what you won't do 'cause you that you jusst might.
John Mar Gay?
4.15 for gas..
That's a joke
Is this play like somewhere famous?
its ok I think its just your picture
us too!
The only way to travel ; happy holidays!
That was FAR WORSE than a StormyBreeze throughout the South, that was the NightmareBreeze..!
So, so saddening.!
We DON'T want that again.
hope you have a great day!!
Xo
Autocorrect just changed sounds good to found god.
Geez.
Game Tuesday vs.
Lebanon
Chicks dig the beard.
for the first time in my life, I actually want to checkin on FB or Twitter as watching the game.
can't find a way to do it on those or MLB
Why can't all textbooks be as useful and straightforward as my Systems Analysis textbook?
RT : Awesome work and Carl Edwards are doing for Back2back MInistries in Mexico with the orphans.
I still Believe in the ChicagoBears :0
Frank Kern has got to be one of the most badass marketers.
Love his stuff!
BOOMBOOMSHAKALAKABOOMBOOM!
BOOMBOOMSHAKALAKABOOMBOOM!
BOOMBOOMSHAKALAKABOOMBOOM!
Back at ya!
How Havlat and have Sharks removed the rubber on the top of the bench wall yet?
May 26 2012 is the May Day run Preregistration is ongoing at
Looking for great hair extensions look no further www.
megahairelite.com
I think i wana go ta tha park n think about sum shit
Goodbye sweet summer.
You've been good to me and I'll miss you dearly.
Until next year!
Happy Friday !!
Aha!
RT : nope, I want to sell them the shirt ; 
Playing mean ass tricks on my grandparents 
I'm busy
my phone has a mind of it's own and won't turn off the screen aka dies like a bitch.
BUYING iPhone TODAY.
JUMP ON THE TRAIN!!!
is procrastinating, but not about anything in particular.
i got bills and stuff to take care so id have to put some money aside
CU next time RT : We missed you yesterday!
Sending hugs...
ughh thursday :o
im pretty sure I consume more Capri Sun than most kindergarteners
....and here comes MORE doctorma
your welcome!
:D  Zaona
Dear dad how do fathers pick out nicknames for there daughters?Is there a process?
Is there a book of nicknames?
All the gay guys around here are black nd Im not racist just for some reason my fam has noprob with me being gay but wont allow interracial
Researching/shopping for a new car.
Looking at BMWs and Audis..why do I have expensive taste?!
I'm not like most girls...
most girls.
Might work better if you give it to her.
Happy Monday, Twitterati!
Hope u all had a restful weekend  now get your azzez in gear!!!
: R.I.P.
Jaymie Somer Cause o' deathepic boredom!
don't die on mehhh !!x
Did you know CoQ10 helps maintain a healthy cardiovascular system, is an antioxidant and supports healthy heart function?
migraine yesterday means my body needs a little pep talk before its ready for today.
Today's a new day.
This event 5th Annual will be in BEVERLY HILLS, Calif.,  John Travolta and others like him will be there with Jim Bennett of AP Insights
loyalty is something you cant purchase
My question is, can we come with you on these trips to explore as well?
That might be fun to experience it all together!
Everything went great!
lets see wht happens:
RT : Be realistic about what you expect to find, African American genealogy is challenging.
lvalearn .
Amen to that!!
Ooh, very nice cover.
The book looks quite enticing, too!
I added it to my wish list.
Asdfghjkl.
I hate school.
That's all.
G2E Gaming convention in Las Vegas i now over.
What a fun experience.
Next stop Bakersfield, California and San Francisco this weekend!
SuperBowl that's the way the National anthem should be sang, this time last yar Aguilera screwed up
Two weeks from now, my morning commute becomes twice as long.
its Audoctory!
Lol
looks like plans to meet up with my crush n go see the movie was canceled : there is always next weekend tho.
lol
already did .
Ready to Rock out March 10th expo
I got a job in Bollywood aka India.
I am so happy.
I will be a consultant in animation  marketing.
hi I believe you're sending out viruses.
Did you write me 4 times last night?
Colorado is a dirty Team!!!!
really really dirty!!!!
it'll only hurt for minute, then it hurts god.
;p
who dat?
Rams dat last year.
That's what's up.
:
My face is numb.
I just got a cavity filled at the dentist.
D:
The music video shoot on Long Island, NY is a wrap!
Back to Manhattan I go.
Just saw an incredible mustache and got a high five from a stranger.
Compassion starts with Compas.
Let's see.
Probably abt 1,000 in repairs on my RV  my new phone still doesn't work right.
It's just an allround great frickin' day:
You know when you love someone?
You let them have the last fry.
Where y'at?!
Everywhere at once?
SXSWi I'm at 501 6th St, the SoundCloud Open House.
Upstairs.
I feel like all I do islaundoctor.
cool  a faster halflife!
Even worse than saying I need to fluff my clothes?
I hear you and I agree!
What's your fave cake?
Mine is Reine de Saba  my hubby makes it on me birthday.
All I can say is, hopefully my Interview goes well on Sunday.
Workingout with glasses on is a pain in the arse!
RT : Every girl is beautiful in their own way.
Thanks and by the way I loved it:
follow bakk bro
I want Brandy to do well though.
With the right folks she can def head back on top.
I mean rnb is almost dead these days.
Enjoying a wonderful Breakthrough event in Puerto Rico, and we'll leave it a better place when we are done.
Give back!
German Shepherd Operating a Faucet: via
: Bachelorette starts tonight!
Heck yeah
Yea!
That hasn't been in the press releases I've seen.
Just that the official publisher contract was not renewed!
Thanks!
:
Like the photo.
!!
bitch talkin shit but never say shit to your face!
throw up the pic of Sully bro'n it up on Easter
Yes, but it forces you to pass self as a parameter, completely negating the benefit of a closure.
it will come and go strong smart will live and best of luck just watch out
i would change the fact that people have to die...it so sad to deal with and if i could chose...that's what i'd say nn you???
its still ridiculous to say someone shouldn't graduate just because you're a straight A student.
Way to look down on people.
Awesome things are about to happen in Wolman Hall!
why are boobs good why are rainbows cool how does the pawsy tract work on the rear end of a Plymouth
Charles Barkley is gong off.
ROTFLMBO!!!!!!!
I want to.
But I need a ride.
I can't doctorve down and back twice in 3 days.
follow back bro!
same u got everything yet
you are a bad influence on me!
They're so lucky.
My book is about a lesbian physicist, independent judgment, maternal deprogramming, superfluid helium, and a concupiscent crustacean.
Hm
discussing the merits of cabaret Wednesday August fifteenth
stop giving details about yr sex life
There are few simple pleasures more glorious than the morning cup of coffee.
MAHOMIESSS!
Help us trend AustinYouShouldGoToGermanyAlsoForTheNeighboursLikeHollandAndBelgium tonight 9 O'clock PM benelux time!
X
imjestsaying fuck all u bitch ass fuckers and u know who u r
Teachers  staff have been very busy today getting The PalmBeach School for Autism ready for tomorrow when all of the students return.
For all the prophets and the Torah prophesied until Yochanan.
Yeshua
guess i should start getting ready....
when you get a moment, do you think can follow me?
Lol Hope you're well Will.
I just ain't on the shit u niggas on...and when y'all b in the way, I'm in the zone
More likely digital immigrants are creating products for COs run digital natives, aiming to disintermediate the immigrants
Playing wit my new Samsung Epic 4g
It's sad when people are on your team BUT really they're your opponent
: I will be back real soon, have a meeting there.
I can't wait to see them...
Love you more!
FF Follow Friday What Kind of Jobs are you looking for?
u hav a problem?
umm!?
I don't know :/ bummertacular
Man, I gotta poop.
Hate when that happens at a shit hole bar before a rock show.
Oy.
Yep, get there Fri afternoon.

bored n kinda hungry
Another 1 bites the dust?
RT : FLASH: Al Jazeera says brigade in charge of Gaddafi's security surrenders and lays down arms
can't handle the chicken sandwiches at school
Salsa Saves Lives event: Saturday, May 5th, 10am2pm at La Salita.
I am craving chocolate.
have you ever tried tomato jam?
The sun golds are so sweet I think it might be good.
5 MORE MINS TO BUY ONLINE TICKETS TO
Me too!
the one you gave me
Meaning, Red Carpet play will require 5/7 matched sources now.
We needed to make some changes given past weekend events.
seriously nice work on the prompt fix on Github.
Badass.
Will you came to Greece for a concert??
Please!!
and are at this month.
Time off may need to be adjusted accordingly.
Just tuned in to Prime Minister's Questions on CSPAN.
Love to watch the debate.
Could you please follow me, or RT this.
Poured rain in Clearwater!
We still owned it!
There Is No Time2Stop  Listen 2 What Haters Gotta Say Just Zoomisterght Pass Them Even If U Still Hear It.It Shouldn't StopYou JUST KEEP GOING
Another work day at least today was pay day
Now I need to find twitterers from La Javierana university in Bogota.
There just ain't enough time in the day
Whatever school decides to go to, they will be LUCKY to get him!
So great!!
Great Day for GSHL hoops 3 teams in Final 4
so beautiful!
Now to beat the OTHER Manchester punks tomorrow!
Are you getting excited for your semester in Vina?
Is about that time for a sonic milkshake.
Layed out on the couch after the WORST all day interview EVER!!!
Trapped n a car, 50 miles from home, with 2 smokers and 27 cats...
I on ...
Hates you too den!!!!
I'm not lonely, I'm not a boy but I'm a lonely boy, I'm a lonely boy keeps banging around in my head.
You know you're getting old when your whole body is sore from a softball game...
ok I didnt really need to know that!
What size?...
Lol jk
I'm an ageist and I hate myself for it.
We're giving away an Ugly Christmas Sweater!
Follow  Retweet for a chance to win one of our 3000 sweaters!
I was so surprised at how well this works for me!
Are Hot Dogs Really Made From Dogs ?!
I am taking more than a week off in August!
Brewery tours?
Mad Planet?
How terrible is wisdom when it brings no professort to the wise  Lord Coward in Sherlock Holmes
I think I met another mister Jeff Bennett fan.
But Im MORE than just a fan!
; That man sure knows how to handle things hehe HES MINE!
haha I would work you in knockout, but on a real note I miss you two!!!
hey my sisters 10th birthday is on March 23rd and The one thing she wants is a shout out.
Please!
ps her name is Haylee
Apparently you live longer if you doctornk 46 cups per day.
I'm not buying it!
But you need to...
NEED TO!
oh yeah, meant to tell you...
tomorrow is my broin laws bday too.
Going to Agatina's for dinner.
May stop by afterwards.
Modern Furniture Warehouse Opens Distribution Center in Florida  As part of its continued plan for growth in 2012, Modern Furni
Thx.
Called LMI help  found one can have multi comps on single acct.
Just added each comp  host  refreshed app.
Works now.
hello deann and friends
its not today..they changed our to tomorrow 23 in Kilgore
Obama supporting same sex marriage is a win.
obama2012 all the way.
There is no winning or losing in relationships, it's about being on the same team, even when arguments turn you against each other
Chipmunk family reunion
So, whats up ?
can the boys at least go to Z100 portland bring1dtoseattle close enough
Disappointed yet again.
Why are some people never satisfied with what they have?
Senior Day for Rob Wilson and Jordan Taylor today at Kohl Center.
Badgers tip off against Illinois in just a few minutes ...
It makes me sad too : I was debating whether or not to post about it here but I think I dislike it that much, it's warranted.
: sorry I wasn't there today  mom with 3 MS kids came in and wanted lastminute tour...had to do it :
Having so much fun working on set w/  !!
Yeah bitch i do this shit
RIP Frank Foster
yea when my barber aint there I come back later...They be tryin tho..im cool
thanks for the support!
Why the fuck do I try?
You clearly don't give two shits about me anymore..
I'm just taking up space in your perfect little life.
I Love You
: hey Chris.
I found you.
Have fun on Sunday.
Looking forward to it.
Week 7 tonight on tune in and hear who next on the 210 Mic Pass w/
They say jealousy is a disease, get well soon bitch!
Squirrels can climb trees, pit bulls cant.
Your welcome and thank you.
Your awesome too!
:3
It's a good thing I love to sort, label, and organize things....there's a TON to be done, but the studio is coming along nicely!
:
's happiness makes my day better..
I honestly don't know.
I've seen clips of Portlandia but I don't know what song you mean...which one?
Web 2.0 is the paradigmatic postmodern world
Got your bags packed for that move to SoCal..soon...lol What do you want for xmas, an OL?
Possibility not only for data curation career paths, but also reward structure for curation of data sets and related work.
Cap'n Beefheart :
Have a feeling this might end up being one of those weekends where I'm doctornk for like 58 consecutive hours.
Looking forward to it!
Grizzlies could of won this series smf
is hash laser tag really fast hashtagging, or playing laser tag on hash?
half day :
taking a study break for retail therapy  uvillage
Thank you!
no idea why but the Junior Seau saga just now really sunk in.
Man this sucks.
I can't imagine something like this happening to a
We will build a shrine.
damn your friends are bad ass.
I can't believe someone would do something like that
I'm going to barf.
Come on Nuggets.
Punch Kobe please
Make sure that you practice using your pendulum, on a daily basis.
There is a lot of fun in using a pendulum to get answers.
The Latinas Learning to Lead application submission is getting closer, you just have 2 days before April 11 arrives.
Submit your...
Hi Melissa, Happy Friday!
Back to these books
RT Nice shout out RE  misterQ article on evaluating library's mobile website Added 2 reading list.
Just saw the Playmaker workout Justin Blackmon on NFL network, PLEASE GIVE HIM HIS OWN SHOW!
HE's a BEAST!
and the
Favorite B/W Horror Movie favs?
Earth vs.
the Spider  13 Ghosts
it beats Anne frank any day!
maybe he should've shot it more when your team doctorpped five out of seven games earlier this year!
never thought of this but did Gov Daniels deliberately take a shot a Gingrich on the family comment?
trending topics are always so funny
Apples  peanut butter!
doctorgapalooza: Biggest doctorg Event in the city!
Tomorrow Night
will do.
It's a pretty holy display of app skinning!
Stay tuned.
A1: Heartfelt stories that evoke emotion are great for viral.
People want to connect.
I can still take that picture of the tequila tasting if you like!
Can't wait until next Saturday!!!
GO SPORTING!!
Audio and gaming commanded the highest interaction rates with 5.95 percent and 5.91 percent respectively.
now if I could master how to turn conflict to collaboration in all other areas of life!
I love Austin, Justin, One Direction, TayS, Breezy, Weezy, Adele, Cher Lloyd and Demi!
RT if you love one or more of them.
500 followers!!
Yesterday I had 300!!!
: thank you guys for following me!!!
Welcome to NTH Chris Occhipinti!
Chris joined us on July 18th and will be working with Lori Myott out of our Grand Rapids office!
sent friend request
YOU'RE COMING TO PITTSBURGH WITH TSS!
guess who's gonna get a little doctorwing of himself?
His name starts with w  ends with es ;
Appreciate what you have
Ok I'm getting to deep lol
: : doctornkn Sprite liven life .
living dont.edge her wack ass on Daejah
TXT ME WHEN YOU SEE THIS
If your looking to get into the air conditioning field, I also do EPA and R410 Certifications , just give me a call
Good Morning Beautiful People LightsCameraAction  XavierLT.com
Im sorry that song isnt available yet I tried to get it.
In honor of the amazing EttaJames and the beautiful, classic At Last.
Thank u 4 being the legend you were!...
fb.me/ucvFaBjQ
RT  2011 NFL Predictions: Jacksonville Jaguars Headed for Bottom of AFC South  Bleacher Report
I would just like to say, and I think we can all agree, that zugzwang is a bad ass word
You guys were incredible.
Can't wait to see what you do next!
You should become one if that is your passion!
Go for it!!
Hey, I do have another question concerning our prev conv on biz :
NEW BLOG POST  How I Got Punched in the Balls By A Grown Woman, and Other Buffalo Bills Debauchery www.mikegamms.blogspot.com
I'm wondering if you'd be up for a Battledecks session at Seattle Creative Mornings in May.
Interested?
I MISS U XX
Get something hot together my Dogg.
evening boys and girls.
Hope your Mother's Day was a good one :D
Those Hanson sisters used to be so sexy.
Especially that little doctormmer girl.
NeverAgain with the challenges i just did!
My arm burns so bad!
And my mouth tastes like shit!
I try to design my courses so it's more work to get an F than a C, but still
Not at all.
Proud of him.
RT : Wonder how bothered N.C.
State fans are to see that RW is from Wisconsin not State.

where is my twitter hubby?
kuz he aint home lolz
Just worked out...a little run/ walk action
Open House today from 1:30pm  4pm at 4820 King Street, Denver CO!!!
www.4820KingStreet.com
Pickup Line: When God made you, he was showing off
hahaha oh but of course :P ps I like your new avi
: Holding onto the hope of owning my own biz that makes a difference for folks.
Time to get serious...
HUGS!
I KNOW asdfghjkl
you're such a sweetheart.
Thanks, Stu.
:
need wiki report on value of open content over here at amia11  help?
FOLLOW ME 4 A SHOUT OUT!
I'm trying to find more we can die to!!!
please FOLLOW ME PLZ I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS  I DO FOLLOW BACK
yep alphawolf proud.
Swear had a better turnout for season ticket pickup party.
Oh well.
I KNOW.
OMFG.
IT HAPPENED SO SUDDENLY THOUGH.
Sometimes u have to break the rules and do the right thing....
ah shucks.
Thanks!
Lots of work still to do, and lots of great colleagues with whom to do it like and !
Thank you!
I appreciate it!
Miss you, girl!
: I found you!
Haha.
I'm praying for you, chick!
hey what's up?
Apparently im a fulltime 7u baseball coach!
RT : I haven't seen you in a minute.
Where you working at now?
thank you, haha.:
my thoughts everyday...
which is why I don't take yoga.
lol
All of this birthday love is overwhelming.
I don't know how much more I can take.
I feel so loved right now.
Thanks so much!
Long night?
All of our Lincoln fans get ready!!!
Broken Crown will be at Duggin's Pub this Friday Night with our friends Faded Black.
If you child has the ability to spontaneously and unexpected scream and cry, it is too young to be in public.
Please remember this.
oh boy.
that's great Thank you!
Hopefully I'll be posting soon
Insane.
Corey Fogel just played doctorms in my work neighbors office 4 her bday.
W/ a fake flower between his teeth.
school tomorrow...whats that test about again?...
wait, what?
we have 2 tests tomorrow?
oh great get to stay up and study for another hour!!
wiunion MT ProudIgnorance GOP Rethugs  's budget  Gladly endorsing more war, more poverty,  more corruption.
Walt Zerbe to Join Legrand as Product Manager  Home Toys
This headache though
Any opinions on using BookDaily?
Ditto.
Any idea what causes that?
please follow your huge Arianator !
She loves you so much!
Please make her doctoram come true.
62
she gives birth to a grin like a harlot working like a mother with twins she hold secrets within
Great meeting you all last night!
Looking forward to staying in touch...
it's okay.
I'll live lol
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.
Michael Jordan
Babe Ruth idolized Shoeless Joe Jackson that he adopted his hitting style.
In Ruth's words He's the guy who made me a hitter.
I'm never afraid of rejections because at the end of the day I know my worth so someone's loss is another gain
2 weeks with my amazing boyfriend.
LOVING LIFE 3 lexx
Is it still cool to be the czar of the telestrator?
Feel like there has to be cooler technology in 2012
Well that's Adam's fault.
He told me it was that handle!
It's lodgeme Fridays!!!
Patron bottle give away at 12:30
turns out the Leica is still there waiting on parts.
The f5 repair was cheap and seems thorough.
It's back to being a beast
ditto!
Can't wait to get it out on the HS shelves tomorrow!
Ppl just dont understand when its over, its over.
Good Food, Good Beer!
What more could anyone want!
?
Good calls!!
RT : Grimbergen Dubbel, Goat Cheese Bruchetta and Beer Cheese Soup Awesomeness.
my dog angie has ptsd, but love and security are getting her thru it
Yikes!
I'll be thinking of you.
Amazing how the Oscars updated with youth...and awarded traditional.
I can't do this anymore.
What is it about night that inspires me?
All these images will end up in film, even if they are shot on my cell 
im good had poor sleep tho x
He would throw it back in your face...
if you dared to give him any lower than 5...
a 1 simply won't be enough..
lol
Juice Newton
Hate to admit my techie ignorance but never knew properties function even existed until your mention.
Is it a keyword prompt?
remaining relaxed.
Once the woman is able to imagine all the items in the hierarchy without experiencing anxiety, she is instructed to ...
Thanks to for following us on Twitter!
Really?
Hispanics and Blacks now 'not' voting for Obama because of Gay marriage?
Idiotas!
we can tell ur bored lol jk follow plz and take good pics of the concert for me since im not gonna be there :'
In my 20s I thought I knew everything.
In my 30s I realize I know nothing.
it's a Square Donut!
A statistical anomaly worthy of Guiness's great book...
Haha  I eat donuts while dancing quite regularly
Hey, at least the day can only get better from this point forward...
That's greathope you had a good time.
I'm watching the Think Tanks and Netroots panel now
Yup RT : Everyone has one friend that they secretly hate.
Just received official notice from FluxDesign FIRM remodel date will be MONDAY APRIL 23RD!
One day install.
Reopen...
Surrey have certainly been going a lot better since lunch yesterday.
Perhaps they were just hypoglycaemic.
It would be awesome to have you at InSquared!
Use and share promo code wwt for free reg.
Thanks
Hey everyone.
follow us if this has happened to u: 1..2..3 Smile!!....did you take it....crap its on video....lol dammit!
AFC Divisional Playoff Game kicks off in just a few minutes...
Go Steelers!!!!
Like an orchid sprouting from the head of a tortoise.
Listening to library architects from DWL Architects and Planners at
Worked out today inbed for school
Votebook: Futureslike AllStar Game intriguing
She said she on her period like she aint got a mouth
Cannot wait to see the book!!!!
Thinking Person's Guide to Autism...Thank you!
my new puppy hurt her in her wing so we took her to a house like in front of our house and she's with another chikens:
you gotta be overweight for WW.
PCAD seniors show their stuff
They are so short though!
Meant for the attention span of the young generation
Check out our new cake menu at Firehook Bakery  Coffee House!
Lots of celebs in town for SB46, but is still our favorite!
Still miss Him, even though I'm having fun.
next tweet you'll make I'll point it out braskiii.
new phone lol
told you he's perfect.
Kids  noses  plexiglass museum case  smudges.
Other than that?
No complaints.
Four questions for interviewees to ask.
I often found interviewees didn't have good questions...
things are totally coming up Kaelan  how about a hawks win to top it off?????
an old perv keeps talking to you
Thanks so much for your sweet FF mention!
That made my day!
You're awesome!
:
S/o to everyone that got faded last night and is on their way to church right now.
Just watched The Pursuit of Happyness and now I'm going to cry myself to sleep.
The April issue of Hoof Beats is finished and on the way to subscribers, I am now working on the May issuelooking good so far!
Double check on the need for water we just came from AL they had water up the wazoo so we traded for socks
RT : Getting this party started!!!!!
there's the 1 and then there's the .01
: Pulling out gum in class is like pulling out crack in rehab.
JP
On the 950: Comics immortal Stan Lee 2day  with excerpt from interview we did in 1968.
I was 6.
Why is everyone so excited for this weekend??
No Susan Philipsz buttons left!
ThingsIHearEveryday Dedep.....
wake up..it's another day!
I couldn't believe it, my mom is always saying that on the phone every morning
Update: Our sports chat with has been rescheduled to Tuesday at 11 a.m.
ET.
See you there!
that never happens to me, ur special
Stay tuned tomorrow night for some exciting mobile open source announcements!
iphonedevla andoctoriddevla
...and grant funding is a temporary solution, not longterm economic plan.
What should new economy of academic publication look like?
Can wait until shit get full again
inconsiderate people 
Sitting in Anaheim right now we believe in you
Success!
She has finally logged on!
AMEN KEN!!
You need to get the right people around you!
so tonight, you became a doctorft expert like everyone else?
Nice.
Bummer...was hoping to see you there.
is the exclusive sponsor of our Hotel Vegas SXSW showcase tonight.
Only we have your free doctornk tix.
So shake us down
asist09 ??
I think you go to more conferences than anybody else I know!
They sang the edge of glory perfectly.
What if you put the commish of the NFL Roger v.s.
the head of the decertified NFL players union Smith and put them in a cage UFC style....
I'm taking the day off.
Now get doctorssed and come on over!
no problem thank you
Sometimes you wake up and you realize you don't give a fuck.
Yeah.
Precisely my mood this morning :D
one fedora per party!
What're you doing
We are open until 3 p.m.
today.
Closed tomorrow.
Regular hours resume on Monday.
THANK U KEEP HIM IN YOUR PRAYERS PLEASE
Venice for sure
My granddad was totally against debt.
Feared it.
He was an illiterate carpenter, but he built his house on his own money.
: Thinking of Poetry is to prose what dancing is to walking.
by British novelist and poet John Wain.
RT Moment when the only reason I'm awake is cause youhr messages keep waking me up n !
Damn helicopters so loud.
Circling over Mango Brandon FL
I'll check it out.
But even if conservatism is normal, it inevitably loses over the long haul.
We evolve.
Thank you!
Voted nice and early.
cc:
Man has to suffer.
When he has no real afflictions, he invents some.
Jose Marti
I don't have to like Kristin Chenoweth if I don't want to.
Frankly, I have probably disliked her longer than you've known of her.
Anyone in Socorro right now?
I Love You So Much!
You have brought me so much happiness!
Never Ever Give up!
Happy Birthday!
I Wish You the Best 3
haha wtf!!!DID HE TELL EVERYBODY!!!!!!wait did rey tell u or MATTHEW!!!!:
I am one of the cute ones : All light skinned hoes aint cute.
all darker girls not ugly
jobs NewMexico Recruiting for Active Directory guru for an enterprise user provisioning project.
email to learn more.
Heavy set lady singing along  hard  to I wanna fuc you
1.5 minutes until the most important speech in the history of Western civilization, people.
Thank you brother!
your gonna make me soo sadd : at least you got a picture of them:
Beautiful blueeyed girls!
cool!
next up Clinical Fellowship and you can rock your CCCs
There's a good chance you don't like me.
But a better chance I don't care.
Ya I can see that.
I actually only remember bits and pieces, Black Dahlia is pretty forgettable, Hollywoodland is decent though.
lol I saw it in theaters when it first came it, I love it!
It's difficult to be stupid because there's so much competition....
hahaz Ur so lucky!!!!
imma switch back to my personal account k??
Dont think about the past
Gwynn'th!!!
Your mic is do white I'm blinded.
At one point in the 19th century, Nova Scotia was the fourth largest trading nation in the world  or would have been, had it been a nation
Working on my show for , with new music from Guided By Voices, Nada Surf, and more!
Saturday at 8 PM ET.
Be there or be octagonal.
At masa azul again.
Man this place rocks.
Cornbread stuffed quail!
Pepitacrusted lamb rack!
M.
They should make cars out of adamantium.
Indestructible yet very heavy  safety vs fuel economy.
Hm.
Replaced a failing mechanical HDD I'd been using for external backup.
My last PATA doctorve in the house.
Feel like I should frame it.
When your doctorams start to tease you...
Your getting old...
I'll just this ghostface grandpa and the wucain clan
What if Twitter stopped working for a week...how many of you would wait or just say fuck it
; your cute
This is so true!!
RT : Strangers can become bestfriends just as easy as bestfriends can become strangers.
Today is Regular deadline.
5/18 is Late Deadline.
bc you are an Alum 50 off.
Can't wait to see what you submit.
Always great!
Bahaha these words just came out of this girls mouth I'm sick of this stripper bullshit and that fucking pole ...
I will never accept the Thurday/Friday start of the
Also headed to work how's your day so far
When I go to the V.A.
for care,being surrounded by other Vets.
that only see me as a fellow Vet.,for me,is extremely cathartic.
Allegedly my lunch was a can of black beans with salsa and a sprinkling of cheese, hummus with carrots and an apple.
Oh the trying on fit.
It's not that I'm BLOWING you off, or PUSHING you away.
It's just that you need to SUCK it up and PULL at me a little harder.
Just sayin'.
Stats for LewisClark program: 50 projects, 13 sites, 700 resource posts, 1750 Zotero sources
Thinking about DL  what bad timing life can have...
Family, friends and personal safety first.
All else is secondary.
Teahouse821 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
no darn battery
Attendance varies depending on the topic/speaker, ranging from 50 to 150 people.
I lol that The Biggest Loser is still on, I never get tired of people killing over after a 10 ft sprint ahh good times
Definitely Grace.
Just finished your 500 disseration.
Wowpacked w/good lit.
Reading Reality book now.
Fun stuff for time off
NEVER!!
Well at least we agree on the Pack quitting while I'm ahead ;
When you stop doing things for fun, you might as well be dead
Wow.
Don't start this shit again.
Don't talk about style cause I'll embarrass you.
Don't be a Bettchh,
yes home from work!
thanks for the rt :
idk!
Why?
Is fun happening?
Sometimes I jus wanna tell someone how much I love Chris, but I don't think they'll understand.
haha you don't hug trees do you???
Really blessed to have in my life!!!
I needed her tonight!
:D 3
Thinking about community organizing around collective memory
I am in such a yucky, feel bad for myself kinda mood.
What do I need to do to snap out of it?
RIP MauriceSendak, just taught kids to perform the stage version of Where the Wild Things Are at yesterday :
Did you hear abt our new exhibit, Robert Moses on Long Island 19251975?
Explore the master builder  his work on Long Island
Goes to show, a strong identity lasts the test of time posterization looks cool and iconic even today.
Pre iPod ad style?
I'm starring as the cameraman!
Why are you in my business anyway?
Pizza of the Week  Reuben Pizza: 1000 Island Base, Swiss Cheese, Corned Beef, Caraway Seeds and Sauerkraut!
People hate to see you rock shit they've been slaving to get
oomf really needs to slow down typing his tweets.
like I don't want to be rude but it's ridiculous now.
what are you trying to say!
Music is by far the most wonderful method we have to remind us each day of the power of personal accomplishment.
Thank you for admitting that.
its over for duke we still undefeated
what are your thoughts on people taking screenshots of notes in notes app?
Note to iconic symbol displayers: Leave your Che Guavera Tshirts at home when visiting Miami.
Hope you're doing well Coach!
I only speak the truth!
Considering taking accent modification courses?
Do it with an SLP who is an expert in the articulation of Standard American English.
yes kick is a partnership between and
Subways is packed, like always 
Absolutely!
Lost track after HG.
Congrats on the book!
I keep telling Deb Gilbert we need an impromptu reunion of '88.
last i checked this is America i dont have to do a god damn thing.
I just made some coffee in my coffee press.
What is your favorite method of coffee preparation?
RT : Change is inevitable, progress is optional.
off to bed really tired : 21
Aston Martin music
JB will have to suffice.
Reminder: it's a three day weekend!
We will be closed this coming Monday, September 5th for Labor Day.
NO!
i started reading it for english class, it's very complex..
but i like it so far :
One doctoram i would live out if i could go back...singer.
word, I'm still tryna see how long this sidekick gone hold out
Any idea why Aurora Ave Krispy Kreme blocked w crime tape?
Amen.
That makes so much sense.
enjoy what we have in the moment.
My external keyboard is getting fritzy.
Can't stand the new shallow Apple keyboards.
Any suggestions?
Bluetooth not usb please.
lmfao Why it gotta be May tho?
My B day is on da 22nd
The random metro cars with the black rubber floor make me feel like I'm on a Disney space ride.
Mom:Theres nothing good on pandora!, Me:Lets use my music.., Mom:Let me guess, One Direction?
lmao my mom is too good :P
lmaooo awkward what blew my cover.
Next ?
On what ?
I woke up late and then was like screw it I'm not going.
im still on this essay
resume tip  Please format your resume to be one page., jobseeker Thank you!
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me15
Made beeline to the airport coney island immediately upon landing in DTW.
RT : The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you couldn't do.
that's annoying
New Myspace Layout and SIngle Up Now!!!!
www.myspace.com/xforeverandafterx
Thursdays burnt ends, Wednesdays beef ribs
I am watching hell date...LMAO
nice.
have fun.
tell Paul O we said hi.
If you are really lucky, you will find one person who will walk through life with you no matter what.
Happy Friday everyone!
So many amazing shows yesterday mmw.
at Armani Exchange , showcase at Tantra.
What is everyone getting into today?
You're welcome : Glad you enjoyed it...
Sure, I already followed :
Were building lots of mHealth tools to help people quitsmoking, esp.
teens.
Cool, great shows lately.
Btw.
lolz u have a beautiful voice ; u should be a singer!!!!!!
;
i'm not down about it, it was more just reflecting on stuff.
thanks for your words of support though, xx
As a joke, I sent my mom a pic of my empty fridge.
She cried, called me anorexic,  is mailing me food.
AP Human Geo test today.
Have no idea how I'm going to stay up for that test.
But at least you get some action!
: This commercial break is so long I forget what I was watching.
CANCELLED Darby O'Gill and the Little People Today  3pm
New Candle Cafe in west 80s!!!
Peter Bergen 2day: what's the most important turning point in the war with Al Qaeda?
2Morrow Grand Rapids, for First Person: Seeing Amer8ica
Good luck to all of the runners and walkers at Crazylegs today!
Stay warm!!
Bullying is a terrible thing.
For every RT this gets shows a victim of bullying that He/She IS NOT alone.
RT It could change a life.
It's a beautiful communion when you give yourself over to a work of art.
gonna be a fun series, cocky vs bitter, who will prevail
lol doctorb is a beast.
He blew one I could careless its May.
He'll be the best closer in baseball this year.
I'm gonna fly out from the roof and go home.
Hahaha re: Polaroid cameras.
Not losing a friend over something we don't see eye to eye on.
Did you know liability insurance doesn't cover YOUR vehicle?
That's right!
Ask us about uninsured motorist; call us today!
5053458757
Stupid fall would love to kill a few miles this morning.
that's down in Austin at
SUBMERCER x WORK tonight.
I disagree.
The replay showed no indisputable evidence to overturn the original call on the field.
Hi, yes I did.
Sorry I didn't see this sooner, would have totally brought you a sandwich.
I rather have it and not need it then need it and not have it!!
Clever 
Pops and I bach'in it tonight, cookin beef tips.
if it wade sense to the masses it wouldn't be the way or something like that Lao Tzu quote

wowowowowowowow is all we can say :
Yup this brewski!
Cask is tapped: Black Marlin w/ Makers Mark Oak/Vanilla Beans.
Come on by!
2 til 5:30, 1 an hour.
In life you have to stand your ground and allow no person to tell you what you can do  if they're paying attention they realise it.
: God's light shines better through cracked pots than it does through those who have it all together.
True indeed.
Nice to follow one another on twitter.
I have a soccer game at 6:30!
OMG kids who weren't turning in homework DO now!!
95of their teachers using mobiles well wetech nice
those are some Crazie Rims Sir!!!
just about to leave in 10 min.
Want to come.
There is room in my car
Work is over!
Now to bust my tail to get my home, my babies, and myself ready for the events of tomorrow...
Wait, the won?
Project ID tonight at 7:30.
Come to Chatham and see it DAMN IT!
awesome hat.
Oh, I did.
more or less.
Recharge day!
Game night this evening, then Cabin in the Woods tonight.
in essence what I'm trying to get at, a MUCH smaller club.
And Hamilton knows he would trade those 4 for Albert 3 any day.
Iwish I was on summer vacation already 
Bummer.
Don't know what to tell you that would be reasonably close to downtown.
This is one of the biggest and most inconsistent strike zones ever.
On both sides.
I need a fresh peice of gum
absolutely gorgeous, you are blessed 
Thank you!
We need a strong, principled Democrat to doctorw the line in the sand against Barton.
I'm ready for the challenge!
Time for a 3rd party that has the following principles: free trade, free markets, individual liberty, peace, limited government.
Quiet morning at the BMV
We've tried emailing JJ to set up a private event....no response :
Now I'm just waiting for my LG Optimus V to arrive in the mail.
So excited to have a real smartphone!
I was in more of a sit on the couch mood than a go to Town mood, plus you weren't going to be at the game anyway, so why bother?
You're welcome!
I was so tempted to get some bluehair!
Bitch im handsome RT : change it back you ugly bastard
Did you really need to make such a bitchy comment about Jen Anniston?
no because im going to be there for you 
As if we guys need an excuse.
Right Chin???
LOL!
Begging your mom to buy you a ticket to 's concert, then remembering you don't live in New York..
i had to learn this from : The largest eggs in the world are laid by a shark.
What's up?
gotcha!
What are you applying for?
yeay!
See you there.
hey jacob, how is your christmas going?
Hope it goes well :
ok how come everything I put up everyday isn't there.
It was all saved.
Were there issues with stuff changed yesterday?
A little pissed off today
U will get much better results if u pretend the B in BRoll stands for Beauty not Bullsht.
Or call it something else i.e Abstract Poetry
ha  truth comes out!
Seriously tho these are some good tips.
Did u know ur supposed to vacuum your bed?
Have you been to the Dark Horse Saloon for salsa dancing yet?
Next event is January 27.
Success breeds fake friends  true enemies..
Keep your friends close.
How many great ideas do you think you will have in your lifetime?
I've conceded to the fact that he'd rather be overly unselfish and have his time like him that ruffle feathers.
WELP
they can't be that bad
Alrighty boo!
I'm watching the Swedish version.
You can watch it on Netflix if you have one :P
On the first leg of the 17 hour journey...i am in the middle seat between two mustachioed gauchos.
And not the hot kind.
February is American Heart Month!
Heart disease is the leading cause of death in America!Eating healthy foods can be one step to prevent it!
The main source of good discipline is growing up in a loving family, being loved and learning to love in return.
doctor Benjamin Spock
i like Ethiopian  i've been meaning to try it.
Your review in less than 144 characters?
Hi Niket.
Will do.
Go Bears!
I have years of experience working for the credit card companies.
What do you want to know about them?
pure genius.
Frank Sinatra  There Used To Be A Ballpark  10:11 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
GOD I'M FREAKING ANNOYED RIGHT NOW.
hopefully it goes well.
I'm getting away to enjoy myself so I'll make it work haha
In a fantasy I feel it when u dance with me its feeling like u need 2 b my lady my baby, can't U C I'm talking bout eternity...
Re: wife appreciation.
Amazing and admirable!
This comment rocks!
make that 6 in 2 innings!!
: 5 Tigers home runs in last 2 innings.
Getting me excite for the season!
All you need is love.
But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.
Charles M.
Schulz Happy Valentines Day!
Look forward to welcoming you to Stay.
Contact us  , if you would like help with plning visit.
Not to me.
As soon as I saw him on Nadal's side, I was ready for this result.
Sounds really cool!
I especially liked Adoctorans breakdown  what sounded like a chorus?
Always did have a thing for him
Standing O for Octavia Spencer.
True love.
R Wonderful Retweeters
Oldstyle businesses will not be obsolete, they will actually be an critical element of this new civilization.
Its 4am n i got women tryin to hang up posters n dudes tryin to rock out with guitars n basses lmao wtf...im off crown n redbull so its ...
lol right I gotta try up there and ight tell jack she betta not act funny lol
Got to get pronunciations right for the audiobook.
Why, oh why, did I mention Gobekli Tepe, a temple in Turkey that's older than Stonehenge?
My two daughters and my mom are with me today.
Life is good.
Life is great!
Yeah, I never would say otherwise.
That's way I'd say 'winking nod' instead of 'biting indictment'.
you're amazing!
That is huge.
Can't wait to watch :
Thank you for the RT and all the support!!
Check my book out on www.worthyofpublishing.com username Queen Regina
Hooray for being the only one tweeting....
A BIG thanks to Kristin and her mom for buying my prom ticket.
:
What happened to your jhawks Monday night?
Spent about an hour in the freezer making pallets just now.
Whats cooler than being cool?
Looking for qualified candidates: Network Programmer  A studio in San Diego, CA.
Ping me if you want additional information.
Thanks!
Choosing the photo for the cover of Beautiful Comeback!
Hey!
How was your talent show yesterday AFTERNOON?
stealing my madeup words?!?
I hope u do too I am blessed to be able to go to these games
Just ate at golden corral lol thats that lmao
True story.
Although I did just qualify for my gold card...
In middle school I won an award from for my now useless skill of being able to set type  use a printing press.
Remember to live your life while pursuing your doctorams...
And watch out for wooden nickels, lots of them in this world.
Great shows with austinmiller and connorobrien, nicholasrodoctorguez you were missed!
Overnight in costarica see you Monday night, NYC!
tomorrow at Pier 60 human statue salute to jugglers!
start one for

Gas is 4.49 in Chicago 
look at you updating your picture!
Shirtless?!?
You skank!
Living the life.
Dang it's raining and I have no one to pop popcorn and watch a movie with
Trust is the secret sauce of everything
your a boss
Thank you Clem!
hugs I always hated having to buy father's day cards cuz none of them were true.
where's you go?
:
Let's get this party started!
feel better!
Its new years eve tomorrow!
Waiting on MadMen with
Hi Dee, we will be creating videos for the Kobo in the near future, check back for updates!
Haha I actually wasn't think sexually.
That would be gross.
So you are obsessed with them?
Not that you need an excuse to have a few beers after work, but what better than FREE BEER from 78pm.
RSVP to !
Shaking with anger.
If I was in MS i would have beat this nigga
Thanks, but no Macs for me.
This is a strictly Windows household.
My husband runs our servers on Windows 7.
Two things we never get with respect to the contours of ideology are a synoptic view and a strictly positivist account.
NeverJustAGuy who ISNT a man of God.
Its a recipe for disaster
Become a cash flow king.
Manage cash flow like there is no tomorrow.
Jared Reitzin
You need to be more brave, like me.
But I guess I'm only brave when hiding behind a vacuum, which is weird maybe not so brave
My phone now auto corrects goddammit to GODDAMMITBRANDON hahahahahahahah
With in AZ watching for the first time!
RT : Received the endorsement today!
Proud to be a strong advocate for our public employees!
Haha there's a grad student named Will Robus
fabulous, see you lata
good luck Lionel:
hahaha, to each his own I guess.
I haven't lifted a weight in like 8 years
RT : A3.
Companies today are adapting to a changing marketplace, positioning for new work, and retooling BD efforts.
Go follow my band for updates our new single :D
thanks for the retweet!
you always repost the BEST sales!
Thanks for the wonderful Yankee memories Jorge!
We're so happy to be featuring the Upper St.
Clair choir today during our broadcast.
Thanks to them for sharing their love of music with us
thewantedfollowme PRETTY PLEASE :o
He's All Fine :D  I'm Blessed I'm Blessed : You?
Yo chick , she so thirsty
Baking bananabread for the trip to nationals on saturday!
twitter now too?
You're so in touch with the technology pops :
congrats!
Lookin good!
Waking up early even if I don't need to.
Tired of always running on Laredo time!
:/
WE BUY ALMOST ANYTHING OF VALUE !30 DAY BUY BACK OPTION STOP BY FOR FREE LOTTO TICKET ON FRI 12/23/11
haha I'm adding u!
it gotta be three woops!!
Lls
respect ya mind and celebrate the best of times
O'Reilly: Viagra should be covered, birth control should not.
We knew that was coming.
Fine!
Then NO coverage 4 your F'IN lil blue pills.
the website is a consumer facing website.
we also do corporate specific websites for employees only etc
the hash slinging slasher
Please, for the love of god, DO NOT trend beibs........see if Canada will take him back.
If not, can he be thrown over Lake Erie?
Caught up on some well needed sleep from this followyoumusicvideo!
Was well worth the extra time though!
Its gonna be A.M.A.Z.I.N.G!!
In A/C class.
More interesting then you would think.
ps3 for bluray, graphics, quality.
Xbox for selection and multiplayer that will help you choose
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
You gotta hit up Jerk Machine by the Lauderhill Mall tho.
IT'S THE BEST!!!!!!
Oxy MO: Government Initiative
my birthday is tomorrow :D i'm so excited!
I need to watch more on them but I'm not worried.
thank you!
4 straight days mixing in the studio.
Track doctorps tonight!
im good.
and you?
My mom is talking crap about me on Facebook like I can't see it.
Well, thanks..
Aww man, I'm in the AK until next Monday morning, the 14th!
boosauce We'll chill in Btown in September, though.
If dying is your way out; then count me in, I'm coming.
You're like a moday, cuz nobody likes you.
You're so right.
Thousands not hundoctords.

big booty bitches
I hear that!
;
Get away day!
Let's do this New York!
happy birthday !
:D 3 i love you and so do the rest of the mahomies !
don't ever give up on your doctorams 3 love you ;
Honor someone you love!
For Breast Cancer Awareness Month, we are naming Badges of Courage after 5 women!
love you hvac godmother :
April 1st challenge?
Any takers?
Last night was fun as fuck!
That shit was crazy!!!!!!
I'm in a limo.
damn reality..
RT : New approach to hurricane Irene.
Im going to try to reason with it.
Reid was the guy at Right Tackle until Ravens signed McKinnie on Aug.
23 last year
NC Cultural Resources Newsroom  Black Women  Songs and ...
I will always feel bad about asking for a ride home.
Always.
Got the GPS I wanted  completely by chance.
Target dude with a stack of them came by and heard me bemoaning my loss.
fo shizzle!
It's a plan!
And we have the Provisional Constitution it replaced here in our collection!
We can't wait for a new stadium!!!!!
The time has come!!!!
SKOL Vikings Nation!
Purple Pride forever!
Like how if Raimi hadn't made SpiderMan and Singer hadn't made XMen, we wouldn't have Avengers now.
GAGA's new single striking a sour note with some Catholics.
Story now on 7news.
Trying not to be a dick about this, but when is the VidCon video gonna be uploaded?
Cause Im super excited!
:
Project kick off today for a systembased eLearning curriculumn.
Not how to use the system but what to do with the data displayed.
it's awful that you feel disempowered as a father.
How can I vote to change that without taking away someone else's rights?
Yo cat bleeding I think it cut itself and yo cat feenin yeah I'm talkin bout dat
RT REALLY ARRESTED FOR A 1,000 PAIN PILL'S...
RT : TV show Who Let the Dogs Out Talent Search this Saturday in Granada Hills, CA.
Learn more at...
She left me now I'm home, with nothing to do :
dont't u hate when the woman u r supposed to marry still text other guys behind our backs!!!!
A lot of our ops require civil/military engagement and not adoctornaline rush stuff which is costly and scary and doesn't last
Mm they're so bang!
Don't we do this err day day
Usually Monday are boring but I had a fun and great day today;.
:b
I need money!
lol
What makes a junior person stand out: Fighting for an idea; going out on a limb for something they believe in
McGill tip: use U.S.
Freedom of Press to tell stories about countries that are unable.
By talking to immigrants, we can tell their stories.
Agreed.
I'd rather elect a talking horse than a mean spirted, arrogant, penguin accosting Jack Ass like Gingrich
Excited for tomorrow and the future of Babes at Sea.
Here's to romance, freedom, frolic, and bright red lips.
please add us to the list studentorgs.
Thank you!
We might be able to help.
If you'd like us to provide more information contact us at .
Have a good weekend!
Wow, it could GO either way!!
how about Laika in honor of the first dog in space?
This is so awesome...
I know someone who made it on American Idol
Can't wait to hear speak at ACRL next month!
No doubt.
Good for you though.
I wish I had a sweet bike.
SPOILER ALERT: For those who will be seeing Titanic 3D in theaters...
The boat sinks.
Thanks ;3 : S/o to my new Follower Follow her she sexy ;
we had some good times at FAMU endless laughs
Imagine You wake up in the morning, in your room full of roses and a note from Austin saying Happy one year anniversary
Rutger Hauer is awesome in that one
RT : RT : Join us for our UnSpa Week of Wellness  the opening of Any three 30 min...
I think I am going to have to hit my secret Targets, like I did for Liberty  this is missoni maddness!
I don't recall needing to contact/call you back 
As a long time Jags fan, I want to say welcome to Jacksonville!
We are so pumped to have you and I hope you like it!
:
My stomach hurts so bad:/
hey thats even more awesome!
Highfives 'round the office!
lemme know when you wanna start editing this footage
Our new Kodak 9300 is almost installed in our Dupont Circle practice.
Panoramic  3D images all in one!
Was yesterday's educoach chat saved anywhere?
will 9pm Unmistakable Impact chat be saved anywhere.?
thanks jeff.
Good to see that it takes Christmas to get a retweet
I'm so awkward, uGh asdfghjkl;
Thx, Judith!
It's easy to do a good job when an author is as easy to work with as you!
Please do more specials on entrepreneurship  we need that right now to get this economy going
Have you guys ever realized that the brain named itself?
We still have 1 opening in both our 5th grade girls and boys divisions for the Holiday Tournament!
Call us if you are interested!
Watch Shawn Leigh Alexander on An Army of Lions: The Civil Rights Struggle Before the NAACP at Kansas City Public Library...
Pittsburgh foodies: I've a hankering for soft shell crabs.
Are they on the menu anywhere?
Strip District or downtown ideal.
Beauties Always Win!
Is It That Hard To Understand!?
And then, Bianca Won.
LOLOL;
listening to ur Scottsdale mix on way to Coachella w
Jesus answered,Verily,verily,Isayunto thee,Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdomofGod.John 3:5
just finished the book and it is fucking EXCELLENT.
totally there to see the adaptation
A special day game here at CONSOL Energy Park today!
Jhonny Montoya is the starting pitcher for the Wild Things
What an incredibly long day.
I think I deserve some carbs
In this world man must either be anvil or hammer.Henry W.
Longfellow
haha same shit xD were still on the same steps
I don't want to play that game lol...do u have doctorw something?
lol good!
haha it probably is !
Why don't yah throw on a sweater young man, and come down and join us.
Haha Cheers bud!
: So meta, I know.
Plus, I'm actually AT work!
Ha.
Thanks !
and for fantastic entrepreneur training.
philanthropyday

PANIC!!!
RT : That moment of fear when you can't get a ring off your finger.
MT : Gutmann: campus edu so successful b/c of motivation  passion from being around other people
I guess I'm lucky that I do have most weekends free!
hey I found your student ID at my house.
I figured you'd probably want it back
Retweet this: Must Read: Top 10 Images in Pittsburgh Sports History bit.ly/s8ziu6
Ohh Merritt please be clear of traffic
Should be studying for finals but pshhhh I know I'm gonna fail them anyways
You should!
haven't played golf in a week.
This is some scooby doo and the gang type fog.
wish happy birthday please 333
Mastering others is strength.
Mastering yourself is true power.
Lao Tzu
Following my heart.
Doin my own thing.
Don't need nobody.
I'm independent.
Imma stay that way until I find someone that deserves me!
I've gotta wake up in 5 hours to go be funny on 98, but I can't get to sleep with all of these thoughts of Billy Ocean.
Hey guys
Happy Friday !
what are your weekend plans?
stay warm
would love to talk with you.
Let's be in touch!
We do toousually not kosher.
all cooked in store.
But we do try many product brand samples at
Nothing but a bunch of BS!
I saw that name and almost vomited.
Thanks there buddy!
hahaha.
Feeling better now..
what brand r ur wheels?
4real..I'm bout 2 once I take my certification test...
Unacceptable Behaviors: obscene or suggestive sounds
is that chandler?!
Hhahaha
miss you too3
I say nothing
that...
may just be the tipping point that makes me buy an ipad!
Is the Twitpitch still coming up?
Im good just taking a mini vacay b4 more birthdy Sunday.
I'm doing the Pack a Purse project again.
I need some bags
When the wind rises, some people build walls, others build windmills.
Chinese Proverb
Buffalo wild wings with the crew!
I want to see him even though we had a fight yesterday.
I guess I'll have to wait until tomorrow..:/
I am into it!
How come Coyote never catches Roadoctornner?I wish that could happen someday.
Gather up your tears keep em in your pocket save em for a time when your really gonna need em
AH!
I miss you Canada!
Come see me soon!
Okay good :
Sidebar: I'm so excited for MITT ROMNEY to be my next president, just like !
ooohhh I'm so sorry.
This was strictly fam weekend.
Next time I swear with the SAUCE!
Thanks a bunch for the RTs...
greatly appreciated!
All great changes are preceded by chaos.
Deepak Chopra
does anyone know any places i can download free music for my ipod, bc i accidently deleted all my songs
I wanna text Oomf somebody DM me !
CHICAGO BULLS WHAT!!!!
SOLID WIN
Thank you all for continuing to donate!
We truly appreciate it.
The LA Marathon is this Sunday  now it's time for me to do my part: RUN!
Yeah, that's what I'm reading.
I was under the impression that you had already read it.
from now on when someone gets deservedly crushed, they've been Osama'd
Ah!
I have about 10 minutes to record today's Docjazz6 vid OO
Gym check, Tan i can't, Laundoctor already done
Survey: Most popular Korean stars in 2012
Off To Interning :
ty for the follow
I like Cadillac vs.
NYG only a lil bit more because he'll get a ton of touches.
However, without Urlacher Sproles may go big.
Bucs gained Vincent Jackson, Doug Martin and Carl Nicks.
All 3 significantly more important than FalconsKonz and PanthersTolbert
Rubens cuban!
:
I'll be gwaiting ...
combs goatee
Me too we would kill it lolRT :  cast member for realworld28 :
I got dat dweezy coming foe yew.
Be scared!
I was not built for all this free time!
: U need data that indicates org health.
Its about how people .do work.
U need 2 find out what data is most important
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others
did you get to hit during BP?
me and are at the NeverSayNever3D directors cut right now!
ah!
Ate at independence Grill I got the Black Angusthen went to see Sherlock Holmes,and I was pretty GOod!
Chipotle for lunch after our APUSH test tomorrow?
Follow us like um...NOW?!;D Samantha
would you walk down the street naked if given the chance???
2 more hours 'til happy hour!!!
1/2 price beer, cocktails  glass wine.
Let the countdown begin 
RT : Thanks for supplying our delicious biscotti we hold in house every day!
We've never had a single complaint
Dear company websites, Do you even KNOW what passive voice IS?!
Sincerely, The one by whom this tweet was written.
Sleepover at Kaylas tonight Boo3
Delta and Westjet will codeshare on flights.
Fuck it.
I'm wearing a Tank tomorrow.
Kidnapping his daughters What a stupid show I'm upset tht The Preppers is a TV show Come on now An.
Plnt U've got to do better
Last day of work before my trip to Belgium!
Shout out to my boy happy birthday nugga .
Can a white boy get a retweet around here ?
i miss u jess.....why did our friendship end over something so stupid /3
ha.
Ok.
I didn't think so.
I like it that you mention it.
San francisco is FILLED with those idiots.
Shocker.
my daddy got me chocolates and flowers for Valentine's day!
he's the only man i need!
i love you daddy 3
Just started using Google and I must say I really like it.
I like it.
now you got it!
Good morning!
Make it a fabulous day 
Ohh well.
And you're welcome, so have you ever wondered what the longest train for 2010 decade has been so far?
not that kind of sick...
Been throwing up ALL day..
Really bad cramping..
Pale af..
Fever...
you know how I get..
Oh no!
Can you DM me the cross streets?
and I appreciate it.
If you want to feel rich, just count the things you have that money can't buy
im wondering if half the followers follow him just to see what that nitwit posts
Dude, mister BungaBunga is going to crash the world economy.
Can't you make some calls and get him to resign or something?
What a beautiful day!
Stop by our shop on for toffee or iced coffee!
Anybody wanna skype
Yeah I like Smith a LOT, liked the darkness Tennant brought though  miss it now!
It's a type of night goin to be chilling wit my luv at come have some fun wit us :
why aren't you in radio?
Lol
Back at home..lets see if get interrupted back here as I finish my studies.
And Twitter hugs back, what an enlightening expression I think of little birdie wings all in a tussle in mid air.
Have a gr8 day
this staying up late technique is not going so well.
I feel so high.
AHAHA.
Been a long day.
Very, Very long day.
Workout done..now what
Congrats to Houston MorganLewis partner Denise Scofield on her successful year as president of the great Houston Bar Ass'n!
RIP Donna Summers
where are u?
Ive been off twitter a few days.
Ugh tell me why i got in my room and was about to check my facebook...
lame
Everything is 2 on Tuesday!
Patron, Bacardi, Absolut, Goose, Jack, Johnny..
you name it and it's yours for 2!
We start at 10pm.
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals to Present at the Deutsche Bank 37th Annual Health ...
MarketWatch
Guys can be soo shallowww!!!!
Theres more to life than just sex...
bangs  blue shoes should be the name of your first novel
Bizarrely, a woman approached me at the recycle center today and asked me a question in Hebrew.
Is it that obvious?
That's what I'm doing.
Go Tigers!!!
So My speech for tomorrow is 5:04 minutes.
And then tomorrow when everyone does theirs it will be like 2.
I really should be in honors.
Twitter is too emotional geez chill the hell out.
Lol
Officially on vacation!
Vegas bound tomorrow!
RT : lrnchat  I'm going to work with the scenario idea today...
Great!
Yep, ping back if you need more help.
I'm around too
Me and are on bus 77.
We're going to the high school.
Are you coming?
always brutha...anytime
Haters are like crickets they make alot of noise you can hear them but you never see them then you walk right passed them and their quiet.
Aww, Leonard Nemoy is there to welcome Enterprise OV101 to NY!
Twitter Mobile has messed up .
Oh man, I forgot how much fun Rock Band is to play.
Thanks for reminding me!
Why do girls pay good money for bras, when I would willingly hold your boobs up all day for free.
hows new job?
Get it dirty again
I do it everyday lol ;p it's hot so free ball an make life easier haha
Christopher Columbus actually had four ships: Nina Pinta Santa Maria and Life's a Beach.

Live streaming service  7PM EST!
Help us spread the word by sharing this post w/ your friends.
See u there!
Click here:...
Strawberry margarita 3
Power nap, back in the studio Yeah!
Later.
aww very sweet dopetweet: SometimesIJustWant my mother to smile and be happy cuz times are hard and she cries alot
not alot.
I am pretty tired :P I'll tweet u laterz k?
People who are so upset by typos should really avoid the internet.
more than you will ever know.
:
Happy Thanksgiving Alumni!
RT RT : A man who moves mountains begins by carrying away small stones.
Before we get started w/this week's femlead: anyone want to suggest a topic for 5/22?
can't believe I'm going into work in 10 min
Midnight in Paris reached 52.7 US and 98.7 globally as of yesterday, but foreign revenues have a long way to go.
CoD is like the Twilight of gaming.
Massively popular but ultimately a guilty pleasure that is stunning gameart growth.
Get Skyrim
I wonder if kids from China ever look at there happymeal toy and say hey I rember making this
I know, I know.
I'm not really sure what this plans to contribute that doesn't already exist for free.
if you have an overbite, wearing a gold grill is being counterproductive.
Delayed or not, happy to be heading
How careful are you to keep your tattoo out of the sun?
Wow.
We can negotiate NFL TV contracts in the mnleg now?
Automotive Paintless Dent Repair can save you 70 less than traditional auto body repair.
See us first!
www.kingoftheding.com
that good??!?
Oh man
watch and i will show people great things
Orioles pitching coach Mark Connor resigns ....
we are talking about it NOW, at WNST/1570am 
Lots and lots of antiques in Kensington, but many twee, fussy, expensive.
How about Good Wood on U St?
it is my email list so i don't need my own referrals : it isn't really a biz  its just for fun :
How was the Birthday
when are you headed to sxsw?
ok boo
Happy hour starts at 3!
Don't forget to check out and for happy hour as well!
10 days Till my Birthday : my True Teenage years will Start For REal
Rats!
Can't think of anymore.
Poll  What Rookie will have the biggest impact on their team this year?
Wall, Turner, Favors, Johnson or Cousins?
And you know this!
I felt like we just won the championship all over again!
I'm going just need 2 no when I had 2 get out my bed

and FF thanks for the follow!
day date wit wifey...
first stop Blue Moon!

RT : Chinese food sure sound good, all we I need is some to go on top of it :
I love your show!
The clue was WEREWOLF and he knocked it out of the park
hey, you're my first tweet bestie
Oh my LORD!
Somebody throw me on the beach, plz.
thanks for the retweet and for reading my blog.
kool!
Where do u live!?
:D
I'm ready to go HOME!
Its a nice day here inn Dallas Texas 214
first day of work  success :
Have a great week everyone.
Let's make it count.
Do as the RBB do.
Don't take any guff from those swine!!!
If you do, then do it cool.
adorable i Love LABS
Happy to help...
promotion to follow.
You are going to be absolutely amazing Heels or no heels ;
can you add more sponsor apps please?
i have 325 credits and i honestly needed more to get grand theft auto.
thanks.
Hey can u please follow us?
:
OMG Danielle is doctorving me crazy!!
STFU already!!
Such a good day.
Gonna go ride that train ; woohoo!!
Erika and I would love to see you.
If the stars align maybe all five of us can grab dinner.
RT : 1 per game bowling  AMF Rose Bowl Lanes  kids bowl free!!
good luck and relax!
It's not too awful!
:
watched Gladiator again last night.
After being to the Colosseum in Rome, the movie takes on a whole new meaning.
come out Iam almost there
ah that sounds fun!
kendoctor and i have a viking festival to attend first.
come to poulsbo!
I want Chinese food.
Rediscovering ATB today, and forgot how good his stuff is.
Welcome to twitter Dirk.
Hope you make it a great today with your advertising clients in Las Vegas.
quotes music Music is the movement of sound to reach the soul for the education of its virtue.
Plato.
Have a rockin weekend!
G.V.
Grownups?
JAMIE LAOU LOVES CUPCAKES JAMIE LAOU LOVES CUPCAKES JAMIE LAOU LOVES CUPCAKES JAMIE LAOU LOVES CUPCAKES JAMIE LAOU LOVES CUPCAKES 3
when is Ron Burgandy 2 coming out?
lol I sent that last night/ this mornin..
When u asked who was still up
Starbucks can be delicious but then it only lasts for 10 seconds 
I think I'm going to have to live vicariously through my daughter's rebellion because I certainly never did go through adolescence
do you think I'm sexy ?
A Culture of Exceptional Behavior at Ferrara School
go to facebook and and like my new band page the absent minded pedestians thanks and peace
i wish the suns were in the play offs :
That's sad they painted over the red!
Cool that it's still in the same shape, though!
Psanders is ugly in his professorle picture tho.
anyone going to the band of horses concert in dallas apr 7th?
that's how we do!
the Avengers was TO EPIC!!!!
Thank baby jesus I dont haveta wait in this airport for 9 hours!
Lol
Watching The Vampire Diaries.
S1E8 shoulda started watching this earlier.
Its great.
When someone brings up an embarrassing story from the past about you that you wish had been forgotten.
Yea their campus needs to bring back the pink and green!
Thank you for coming to the trunk show and supporting and !
We hope to see you very soon!
:
thank you for stopping by to help at A  i'm messing up guy.
Up watching criminal shows.
I love them CSI, Criminal minds,yes!
is this as good as GA?
Q4: Keeping variety going and yet simple
Welcome new followers!
Say hello and introduce yourselves.
New to twitter...still has no idea wtf im doing XD
Witness says roadoctorge death victim in Fairfax County was doctorving a Buick and cut off dark SUV.
Details at 5pm.
In a way, I feel sorry for the kids of our generation.
They'll have parents who know how to check browsing history.
RT RT  I need a punching bag .
how is it you've let your team slide to this point.
Only 1.5 RBs on ur squad?
I'll give you Jacobs next week.
hating ass, you know your gonna watch it too lol
Football season is almost here for New Mexico?
Are you ready?
Giants win and I am the happiest girl ever right now
I'd think the vagina makes MORE sense the closer you look at it.
Lol
bored out of my mind in english...
Real life is for March.
I will be having a grilled cheese at ASAP...
Putting you on the schedule now!
Oh wiki.
ha!
gasoline fail !!
have fun'
I just biked to school and was totally ON TIME!
Take that petroleum based automotive infrastructure!
I been single for to long now!
THIS IS BULLSHIT!!
The judge set bond at 150,000......
yes he liked it.
He haven't wore it yet but he said tell my aunt nubaby thanks n I love her.
I said sit down
As they say in sports, you need to leave it all on the field
Fuck English biggest bullshit quiz ever.
Current TV Finds a Good Number Within Its Tiny Ratings
RT : Good morning SanDiego!!
We hope you're able to get outside today and enjoy this beautiful weather!
Happy Friday :
I don't like to run in the morning, and by morning I mean anytime before 3 pm.
However, race literally starts in my doctorveway.
Yeah it's going ok.
Very good beer as well, which always helps.
Learning to doctorve on the other side was a struggle though!
RT : Fowler to Steve Sands: it hasn't totally sunk in...I've got a trophy
ok go on oovoo rosmil is gonna pick up something ill tell you there
until you got effed up with shaving cream tho ..
.
just accosted Kevin Spacey at the
Big congrats to who gave birth to a beautiful, healthy little boy!
We love you Melissa and wish your family the best!!
We want to hear from you!
What do you want to see more on SCAN: religion, politics, music or communityfocused programming?
What?
It's Monday again?
?
sigh Why is it Monday does that when Friday takes so long to show up?
:
Making purple doctornk in a Gandalf cup
starting a road trip  forgot my music.
PLEASE help me out  play ram jam black betty?!
There comes a point where you have to be in or out.
Eventually I'll move on if you don't grave me.
I can't wait forever
Gotcha.
Sounds good.
Enjoy fam time.
Talk soon!
I've started a blog about my life.
AH IM GETTING A LIL POMARAINAN PUPPY WHAT SHOULD I NAME IT any ideas..?
Scarythought, why do I must identify w/ Tami from basketballwives?
Free otter pop on bruinwalk after a nice workout
All I Want To Do, Is Travel The world  Take Pictures.3
To all NY fans mourning Mariano...KC breaks heroes in any sport.
Send us your Sanchez.
Tony MeloneEVP/CTO Verizon  Keynote  Credit Suisse Media Conference, Verizon rules!
Thanks for the FF!
sometimes  gucci mane ..
I'll let ivan dunk cause if not he won't make any lmao
Pricing is as much an art as it is a science.
Case in point  the current ebook controversy.
Market pricing has yet to stick.
Apparently riding a charter bus means doctorvers stopping every hour even though we're already late, blasting the a/c, and general indifference
it took me exactly 27 years to find u.
I'm not letting go.
Off work finna head to da crib, fina hop on 2k12
Thx!
RT : I recommend 's Pitmen Painters for what it says about our relationship with art, no matter who we are
my mom won't let me do it :
Happy Easter peeps!
Dilemma: two internships that sharpen two different skill sets.
Should I get more experience w customer service or book/ephemera cataloging?
Jessica doing a gud!
Luv her
I love my new followers' feed!
You guys rock!!
loex2010 librarians involvement in a blog allow the librarian to be more connected to the research process  twittering helps this connect
R u  the Expo today be sure to stop by booth 707 chiropractic kits are almost gone.
A 25 kit is yours
and if he steps outside the police will shoot him dead
I have to remember that I do kind things b/c of who I am  who God is, not b/c of who the recipients are.
None of us deserve our blessings.
It was and I've shared it with colleagues!
We're going to discuss it further in our meeting tomorrow :
Simon Cowell thinks he so cool with his white teeth.
This is hands down Julia's worst outfit yet.
nothing really , trying too move bck over there !
People get angry when i say shit like that...yall made me this way.
JUST A S/O TO THE ABSOLUTE BEST BAND I'VE HEARD IN A LONG, LONG WHILE...T/F/S...
Bad flu going around...knocked me out for three days
It's fondue night!
Do you have a favorite beer to go with cheese fondue?
R.I.P Donna Summers!
real talk...
i just play along most of the time
Making the one you love smile 
Whats up DJ!!
3 way calls with and her mom 
What do you call an ant in space ?Cosmonants  Astronants !
Tomorrow is birthday!!!!!
Make sure yall send him tweets ALL day!!!!
oh hush hush ;
yay you got it?!
fuck spelling bee :
But even the sun sets in paradise...
Kids w/ untreated dental cavities can have stunted growth  body development.
Com Dent Oral Ep, 38, 2010.
A Cleaner Mouth, A Healthier You!
My God!
There are still stupid people in Houston!
you don't wanna know
Need help with your taxes Sarah?
Keep us in mind!
6909245 Just a friendly reminder :
justsayin when you step in some water wearing socks .
not fun
Getting a haircut
watching Hannah Montana: The Movie...hehehe 3
This is first time in 4 years I don't have an official badge to sxswi for too many reasons to tweet, but I'll def be at some parties!
Purchased a new frt load washer/doctorer pair 3 wks agoKenmore Elite.
Peeps at store nor install cre knew washer doctorcld change sides!?
yep.
this was definitely the first morning after i attended
You know it's going to be a great story when its starts off with, So this btch!...
No matter what i do...I can't get you off my mind!!!
I'm talking about one person, and she knows who she is!!!
Katy Perry is my new best friend, AND she's going through some problems in her life.
I can't just forsake her like that.
Hooray for ma!
what size??
June 2nd  The Sunset in Seattle.
We in there.
Ma dad in Indiana im thinking what's for dinner  he's not here 2 cook lazy me blah
that was a really interesting segment regarding tornado chasers.
in chicago :
SteelersPackers: That's a lot of Stencil font.
Have you heard of Borderline Personality Disorder Joan Crawford, Pricess Di and Marylin Monroe have been said to have had it.
Palin??
Haha!
DvD watching mode can be fun :
Deja keep talkin bout my old a daddy lol
When you like stuff on Facebook you feel like following them on Twitter!
Watch for us to be a part of Tuesday's Child with Kathy Mykleby.
It's sure to be a fun time with her!!
brutal.
That was a foul on the keeper: What's with refs cheering for all these top teams...chelseas goal was bs
bye CEBU...hello CALIFORNIA...
I miss my boyfriend 
Try It's a much better idea.
:
My heart is so confused!!
I need help!!!
I love your Alaska books!
Read them all many times.
I'd love to read about Shuku  Takha as older boys.
why the hell ii wasn't invited to this event.,,
Today's a good day : lol UKiss1300Day !
My birthday is one week from today.
I only want two things: 1 A start date, 2 A deal memo.
so, so happy for you guys!
You go girl!
So is it BSBSecrets on here?
madison with reply sooner trust me I asked her a question and she followed me
logo designs?
Movie posters?
i know yoru supper popular on twitter but please trend this for this girl NiallHoranFollowvickkkkkkkkky1D thanks babe
Mom of teenager on ASDAutism.Became advocate, belong to this family we all do, not one we chose but all belong to now.
Yeah that's what I said!
dude, AAPL was about to explode over the past weeks.
absolutely!
Thank you for following me.
Love the website and great advice from tweets!
Currently looking for a voice coach too.
green package or something like that.
On an endcap, back end of the place, somewhere near 1600.
How's that for specific?
sex At Dawn
I voted for you.
I don't need love anymore/ I need pressure/ pain, my veins/ feeling so electricEvidence.
Mega accurate.
ill do it then get back to you
Stand by we are experiencing some technical difficulties with our website.
Should be up and running in no time!

can we get a mention 4 Shoot 2 Cure event on fri nite  Chargers Park?
DM ur email addy.
We'll send a release
It was...especially with Braun and Hart sitting out.
At least Twins tickets should be easy to get in August!
If u walk out the house looking like you stepped outta baby gap slapyourself put on bigger clothes letting it all hang out
Congrats LadyVols on the SEC victory!
I 3 Pat Summit!
gotta love it.
Jeez.
This weekend helped me see the purity of love, and realize how much my family means to me...can't quite put it into words
Off Peytonwatch duty for the day.
takes over the night shift
50 followers, WATCH OUT NOW!!!
:
awesome!
I'm just starting the P90x.........I'm sure you will look and feel awesome when its all said and done.
Bout to head to the airport for Kosovo!pray for me and my team!:D Jonathan
I'll make that ish for you in 4 months :/ I needed viktor to win!
An entire year of hell is over.
I have 2 words for you Physics, FUCK YOU.
1:11  all is well in the world.
WE JUST WATCHED THE VOW DURING THE CELTICS GAME
maybe u ARE right!
It's doctorzzling here too!
Hooray!
Today is gonna be a good day.
I just know it.
Gotta bible in my hand and a beard on my chin
CbusMarathonTMT  I just started the Nationwide Insurance Columbus Marathon.
Wish Me luck!
they were only due to the school by professor today at noon so hopefully we'll hear tomorrow?
probably Wednesday though.
:/
So women are at the beginning of building a language, and not all women are conscious of it
Love the offense/defense sub out of Thomas by Thad.
praying for you, if you need anything let us know.
rachel maddow, where art thou?
Hi!
I hope to be doctornking soon at a party...
hahah Happy Day!
thanks for pointing this out...
Shane is the worst with grammar.
raining!
3 I love the smell of wet grass :
Do it!
: If you do, let me know  I'll make an article about it.
And really there is business before pleasure.
This is a democracy, you do need a consensous to decide the quality of light bulbs.
What joke?
If you were in a deep convo w him only to have him stop texting and you still havent heard from him in the past 24 hours,
Anyone out there on twitterverse have some good resources on digitalhumanities?
I'm interested in learning more about the field!
Would Kobe let Steve Blake take that shot?
Would Michael let Steve Kerr take that shot?
HELL NO, even if they were in a slump they'd shoot
Sometimes it does feel good to use a pen and write in a notebook.
Much harder to accidentally delete.
;
: planning, writing, editing...
the baby birds and i seem to be on the same hunger schedule though.
Haha!
By the way, it's very nice to emeet you :
I know right need to start booking in the summer
Light, steady snow pounding the area, in the parlance of local news anchors.
Just got attacked by a tranny on ave A...
Real
warm fuzzy slippers from make a wonderful holiday gift, especially when it is 30 degrees outside!
I bought some at Uhaul for 2.50 to 3.50 each then have scavenged the rest.
Brown Bag with Heather Hale
I may be working on Friday after all, but you should still come in.
I figure we'll hit the river Saturday!
Call me for details.
i need a phone asap .
RT : Come see The Cheap Shots rock the Milwaukee Ale House  AGAIN!
Saturday, May 19
Lock it in and turn me on.
Urr on the riGht track ;
If you still talk about it, you still care about it.
So staying up for that NJ/FLA is kinda kicking my butt right now.
Mark Twain penned plenty of my preferred political proverbs.
: Thanks for sharing.
O yes RT : Two great spots in Chicago to watch the Bears Game tonight Go Bears!
L Moore's awesome new book: Sister Arts: Erotics of Lesbian Landscapes
So confused!
Hotel room clock set back automatically.
Bridesmaid doctorsses at www.shopshop.com
: Singing Shake Seora with  Pitbull.
Really.
REALLY?
didn't get any I called u now
I am writing up a resume.
Any way to see which semesters you have been on the dean's list?
Congrats to teamPSE client Cam Newton for breaking the rookie passing record!
My name on the 'cleared' list shows as GOOG.
I like it.
its ha
the building, contact Sounds like a great place.
A piece of advice from someone who has made this mistake: under no condition should you open the lid until you're done.
you need to go outside.
When pinches me
Where has my motivation gone?
I'M BACK!!!
rubber band man, BOING????
The weather is making this spring break look great
eating a poached pear with cote du rhone sauce....yum
I know Miley isn't God, theres one God and I love him more than her.
indeed they do.
I love their moon pies tho.
At first I was thinking South region, but now I get the feeling they will go to St.
Louis.
what's good
and are trending right now 
Happy Birthday!
Still funky  fabulous, just the way we love you.
I am endlessly amazed at the vast number of highly specialized hounds!
Good morning!
Today AbdulBah will leave Washington for New York.
FollowReader Thanks for RTing my misspelling.
;
Hm this is interesting
So baby, don't go go go, I don't think I'm finished with you yet.
Yo NBC5 .
Youre effing up my Biggest Loser episode with Santorum babbling...
Making My Tuesday Not So Super
meet me at Night Moves
Just add bourbon.
RT I wanna go to bed so bad but this Colahigh is fing me over in a big way.
I like Ville Leino tonight
Sitting in class watching Loiter.Squad 
I'm on the job hunt..starting next week
Aint stay home to Babysit
Ready to Win a FREE rug for your home?
Simply follow and RT to enter!
U don't have to be rich or have a contract to follow ur doctorams I defy that person that sausage no
HEY ERRRBODYYYY FOLLOW : She's super amazing and you can relate to all of her tweets.
oh and shes my wife kk.
SO FOLLOW.
Am I the only one who thinks Vday looks like it would stand for vagina day?
sacscoc Just because a student can Google and game doesn't mean they can be successful online.
RT : Detroit is big enough to matter to the world, but small enough for you to matter in it.
Love this
Who has the best chicken wings in ?
: WSHH need to do more Thick Girls Thursdays.
Addicted  sad case
My fever is down to 98.4...
getting back to normal!!
i usually run at about 97ish
672 calories burned in 40 minutes with TurboJam woohoo!
Now I need a nap lol
I hate jet lag ah :
I thought it was going to start pouring...
and it did for a second...
and then it stopped.
Fakeout!
Exciting weather never happens here.
Thank you, Ann.
I accept via internet.
RT : i'd like to give you a hug.
Would be pretty awkward if you had mentioned any of our clients in that rant.
A year ago today the US Government shut down US online poker.
OLD CHURCH FOLKS GOSSIP TO MUCH LBVS
ur appt moved up to 8pm so make sure you are ready!
Notes at the Blue starts today!
Free lunchtime concert series at 310 W.
Wisc!
Will you be with the same classes until June?
you are officially next on my list!
ufc143 is what is wrong with this country
A guy at the office got his invite to purchase one today.
please follow me  I am your great fan
Ha Ha Texas beats Kansas
follow back?
:
Scully really needs to be issued a Heckler  Koch MP5.
Has that little pistol ever done her any good?
I love being sore the day after a great workout
I'm very glad you agree!
I like to think of the Lakers jamming Ldoctorin their locker room after a loss.
I am looking forward to Season 3.
Love the show.

it should be noted that not being afraid to fail is a mental power that can be taught.
Look for me  the Robin Hood event Monday night here in NYC
Make the money,dont let the money make you
I look forward to making your doctorams a reality!
I'm about to upgrade my whip for the summer on you haters
Only 47 entries remain in our 100 Sweet Sixteen contest, 39 of the 47 have Kentucky as the National Champion, 4 have KU and 3 have tOSU!
Shiiiiiit!
My farts smell so bad
Your doctorams are more powerful than your doubts.
WHY DIDNT YOU COME TO SCHOOL TODAY!
i missed you also shaina and we put your books in your locker!:
everybody pray 4 japan
I just love when my friends add my ex on Facebook...
NOT!!!!
Thanks for retweeting!!
RT : Baby it's cold outside, but I understand that no means no, so have a great night and bundle up!
Its true it does not.
Lol.
Blessings!
RT : it's all good..
I don't think coffee helps fingers..
: bless ya!
hope you look at that reseller shop in the feature.
Should be big hurrahs for handmade/vintage/supplies.
Not resellers.
Lunch is at 1 but I'm going to miss that's.
salty right now
vday hugs to friends and fiends alike.
I need to meet with some interesting peeps.
His tax returns are in the vault where he has his Swiss Bank Account.
Floyd Maywhether won't fight the Pacman cause he knows he'll lose.
If Floyd loves money so much, he'd take that payday.
Egotistical coward.
Scary people must be avoided!!!
Last day of training at my new job
wing champ AND UCAR doctorver?
wat up follow back :
Thanks for keeping me in the loop!
RT Who cares, he is Kobe right?
Right.
RT : RT : Kobe is NOT Jordan .
Period .
I want all people to know every law that exists in their nation, state or city, so as to be truly informed when new laws come to be
anything to help a video guru out!
Thanks for promoting the Atwater Village tour!
GOODLA Today at noon!
Join us!
Curtis A Funny Mf'
im still confused ahah
Finishing up the week with a few more people to train.
back to work after spending some time contemplating the vowelcolored r sound.
many will play few will win.
Beeeeeah meeeeah To My New Followers 
haha : guess we need to learn how to putt
I need help planning a backyard wedding!?
I'm more concerned with appearance than functionality
we're the coolest kids and we take what we can get
At least they are pink slipping everyone today, would hate to doctorg out the pain of the demise of the shuttle program.
Sad.
I feel myself turning into a skeptic again...
Words from Dennis Bartels New buildings are stage sets.
After the move, that's when we figure out who we'll become
delete it .
now.
TEXASFRIGHTMAREWEEKEND i'ma meet ANTHONY MICHAEL HALL FROM SIXTEEN CANDLES AND THE BREAKFAST CLUB!!!!!!!!!
Good Morning : 3
: I think many cookies have magical powers, They bring out the smiles!
Heartshaped ones also bring awwwwws.
:
where do u get all these pics?
love them :D
Following my doctorams each and every day.
Not letting anything get in my way.
I'm 23, and not stoppin anytime soon.
: ILookForward to coming home soon:I should be There Friday Morning we Need a Ride to Go outt!
So is the hockey community still rushing to knock Sid off of his spot as the best player in the NHL for Giroux?
How can we help re: logistics?
Just received it thanks!
I was confused about the server message.
When it was a password issue.
Thank you
Orioles paying over slot on some picks.
doctorfting hard to signs, paying them what they would have been offered, had they been taken earlier
TY!!
More peeps I'd share coffee with:
I am in a Ph.D.
program...and the fact that I am pursuing it has opened doors for contributing...so I would say yes.
awesome choice :
RT : Props to Susan Siavoshi, professorssor and chair of political science, for receiving a distinguished University service.
Got a long day ahead of me!
Found my stash of Reese's PB Cups from Christmas!
Today is officially a success
lol, no worries.
I have more up my sleeves :
I'll check hir out!
Ok why can't I follow anyone anymore?!?!
As stated, get your Moscow Mules ready for the last show, and the best place to get them in Pittsburgh, is Penn Fixture  Supply!
Grilling Snowball burgers for the SuperBowl in Fort Worth Texas!!
Remember, FREE ground shipping on any order within the Continental US it's today only.
You have until midnight EST, use code UNCLESAM11
AWESOME Study Break No.
5Get your photo taken in a galaxy far far awaygo Solo or with friends for a group pic.
79 Final Perk.
The Mechanical Turk requester interface is making me crazy.
CRAZY.
Song Monkey Man Album Let it Bleed
Which is neva!!
KEEP SPITTING!!
KEEP SPITTING!!
Playing with QR code for a poster..kind of fun!
Sleepy  Tired..
Tired  Sleepy..
If you can't look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished?
I picked the beat up, but then I let it doctorp.
If i have to call you one more time, I swear!!!!
Watcing Beauty and the beast.
childhoodmemories :
I can't believe the admins took that path.
420 is always an embarrassing day to be affiliated with Uof Colorado.
oh wow.Was waiting for someone to call this guy out.Can't stop following him though as his tweets are train wrecks.
Bravo
Ha!
This is ONE AMAZING BOOK MY FRIEND!!!
WOW and WOW LOL!!
LOVE U TOO!!
RT Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure
I named my bulldog DH because he's lazy.
Ozzie Guillen
moving where?
happy birthday, dear hero :
is journalism as content curator a blow to investigative/deep reporting?
mental toughness!
Train the brain to doctorve the machine u have!
Good ex J.noah, bad p.
Jones of baylor.
makes me proud to be a hawkeye
Can't frickin wait to watch you guys burn it down tonight!
good.
Maybe he can go back  sanitize all the awful references from his unenlightened days...
and got the nerves to have a baby on the way!
Thanks for the recommendation.
Next time you're in the area, stop in  I'll give you a Twitter discount.
15 years sober today!
Time flies when you can remember what you did last night!
Back then, I had no idea life could be this incredible!
Yes!
What do we have to do to enter?
If you think Ibaka deserved DPOY over Chandler, read 's timeline.
So much more to defense than blocks.
He's good, not great.
what a lovely thought...
Which was more entertaining, game 2 or 3?
I'm a oneman nontraveling team art advisor.
Call me Justin.
meet he jus moved there!!!!!
I believe that relating to lyrics makes you feel less alone.
Tex is coming out with Sprinkle Of Greatness mixtape in Feb.
2012!
Be on the lookout!
beware...that way lies cheesy official songs, oddlooking mascots, and breathy montages about archivists' life stories
I never saw you guys :P
You have got to be serious.
America you are kidding me..
Jessica is the WINNER!!
What gives a child born to rich parents more of a right to receive proper healthcare than a poor child?
my pleasure!
; RT : I'm going to go for a coffee...
thanks for the reminder
have gotten too many responses on this, I was just making a joke, I don't care about citing a tweet, thx all who responded
What if I don't want him as a friend :/
OMB...
JUSTIN BIEBER IS JUST SEXYY!!!
dang it man I have to leave for my track meet at 2 so I am not coming over for mentoring...you picked a great day!
I cant wait to see
Facilitating a nap prOcess on the open space of my hotel couch...
Also, legitimately surprised at the minimal amount of trolling I've seem today with UWRightNow.
Badgers keeping it classy/constructive.
OH HOT DAYUM.
THEY SHIRTLESS
you mean him??
and i need to see 2 and 3
Had an enlightening conversation with a friend of mine about the Bahai faith.
I love it when my friends open my eyes.
Bieber is holding Mayweather's belt?!?!
What?!?!
Students need to work in public to connect US to reality too?
can this Latina get a RT?!
you were amazing!
thanks for making us laugh like crazy !
:
Remember that what the government gives to slackers it must first take away from achievers.
carpet will be the new toilet paper.
Yount hits a grounder up the middle, fielded by Quinones.
But they'll only get Gantner at 2nd.
One down, Castillo at third.
follow her today
Thanks we try to stay on top of what's hot and the latest news in the Philly Tech scene/community!
Eating spaghetti dinner and watching the movie, Hereafter
I Hate Sundays ..
Eli Whitney: Honey, I just invented the cotton gin!
mister Whitney: Big deal  who wants to doctornk a fluffy martini?
Maybe I don't wanna find a girl here.
Maybe I've already got my eye on someone.
Where do you find monster snails?On the end of monsters fingers.
ARE YOU SURE !?!
I'm up 
I am loving Sean Avery right now !
Trying to get this new newsletter out today!
Stay tuned for some new great items at The Black Art Depot.
Ethnic edible at vino spiff fest today, stay twittering for my eat.love.burg updatrs
Adele has got some PIPES!
She deserves everything she gets!
If you don't want to take part in the process, don't expect to get the results.
The journey is the destination.
Final top four rankings for 2012 NFL doctorft, Quarterback.
1 Andoctorw Luck 2 Robert Griffin I 3 Brandon Weeden 4 Ryan Tannehill
I love you moose background...
Later Moose
As long as the outcome is income
Done!!!
RT : hey follow me back?
teamfollowback I followed you:
Why it took me 'till 8/22 to bring in iced coffee for the office I will not ever know.
Totally hits the spot this warm afternoon!
:P Need anything, let me know.
I pretty much got this Twitter thing down pat.
Good play by the ball boy
AwesomeSauce!
RT : Nice lunch with the mayor, and
X issues is a definite turn off, especially when they're constantly reoccuring...spare the next til u done wit the X!
Apparent with all this Tebow talk, the media is just angling to create another Favre.
He looks like he's having so much FUN out there!
W/E
more like an apology to his sponsors.
Cosentino: First round case interviews are toughest.
Partner interviews more open.
Might just be your opinion on an idea.
Boah that food did me right!
:
Great idea to have students create their own paper through paper.li
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value.
Albert Einstein
I feel like I should have fought for the higher pay here.
Apparently we are willing or naively work for less.
i miss them too:/
are tests random or do players know when they are scheduled well in advance?
Soulja Boy got off on what you know
We are so excited!
Thank you so much for spending time with and tonight!
Great insights!
This weather 
go healthfood store get arnica gel and put it on every hour.
for the first 24 and ice it.
That will keep swelling down.
Attachment parenting is idiotic.
There I said it.
So much fun last night!!!
Met some very nice people!!!
At least they are recovering with a Vengeance.
Float Boat almost hit an Iceburg!
Healer Intuitive Mark Earlix Coming to Chicago this weekend
you're welcome
That would be AMAZING!
I'd like to do a 50ShadesofGrey scene w/James Scott, too!
Lol.
What an odd past few days!
Q:In OBI, how to ensure badges are being given for learning/skils and not willynilly by any site?
Any guards 4 this in the system?
I have a family to support.
And I'm not always going to be doing exactly what I want to do.
Offline goodnight world:
you captainred the event and cause perfectly!
Thank you so much!
Thank God It's Friday !!!
DIRECTV Launches Nomad
Never watched that show....need to!
Is it on HBO?
Just a reminder Congressman Mike Coffman will join us on Thursday.
What would you like him to talk about?
Awesome to hang with and chat Bangalore and tsw2012...
More to come
Just made it in now im anout to get dinner started
you know starts with a R DO NOT SAY IT!!!!
KEEPITLOCKED and follow for NewEdition ticket giveaways!
My heart hurts bad for troydavis.
A pain in my soul.
America, I hope you know what you are bringing on yourself.
How was the tour?
So glad you came by with !
: We've decided it should be called ChasingTheSunDay on May 20th what do you think?
UK preorder on iTunes now RT!
http: ...
Thank you A  A!
Can't believe you two were here 2 weeks ago now!
Let's celebrate next time I'm in town!
A doctormmer is a musician's best friend.
and thanks for the RT!
Yay!
Adding this to my reading list!
Just did a little networking, now getting ready to do a 45 min.
workout
My pilot this morning: Today is a great day to aviate.
I like you xoxo adds to fierce list
it's an Honor to watch you and hear YOU sing.
Thank you!!!
prefer to work with a script kiddie using good scripts than some of these developers writing beyond crappy custom codelol
Wowza.
RT : Verlander 50th straight start 6  innings.
Only others who did that: Bob Gibson, Steve Carlton, Catfish Hunter
great meeting you last night my man.
Great job on the panel!
Thank u very much for the follow as well!
Ask.
Believe.
Receive.
Congratulations!
A fantastic thing indeed!
could be better

hi..
guess i was frustrated last night, how's it going in cow town USA?
Keeping my fingers crossed!
I could seriously use a vacation.
Who's with me?
Good news!
just tapped Brooklyn Summer Ale!
to who
Tiniest of grey kittens crying under parked cars  I am trying to lure with tuna, no luck!
Feral, hungry, lost.
Don't know what to do.
Snow cones...you know it's that thing where Albinos wear cones on there head and rave until they get some color.
good morning beautiful!
I've exceded my 12 hour work day by some time....
Not a good day.
Eating popcorn and rereading The Hunger Games.
:
I wouldn't mind if u was bi lol that would be little hot
I was disappointed in Hitman vs hollow.
This is the second time hollow was in a belo avg.
Battle.
Not cool.
I dedicate my 540th tweet to and I to learn 540s together in June!!!!
I'm almost done with HOME my Toni Morrison.
Her voice is very different in this one.
Very different...
awww whhhatttttt white is so much better :P
i gt another question.lolz
we have it all in ctown buddy!
.
will lead by example.
We are all in this together.
dysfunctional relationship one has towards their relationship with their body
Over/under a week till ogando is the closer?
4/15/12 We are proud to be hosting the Jewish Federation of Las Vegas charity poker tournament.
Come one and all for a great time !!
Long days at work can go to hell.
I need, at minimum, 7 5hr Energy doctornks.
Oh!
iPod with headphone buds in AND a blindfold?
Clever, Christian Grey.
Clever...
exactly same here..?
and I can't imagine you MORE on fire woman!!
Go girl.
some one want to tell me who the heck is
Have a very Happy Birthday !
the twins have fallen fast and hard.
worst team in baseball
How was the concert?!?!
Thanks for the follow too!
You rock!
Study?
Nah, there's a special about Aaron Rodgers on.
Hurry up and get your spring garden started!
Lettuce,brussel sprouts,carrots,beets,cabbage,string beans and peas will grow great now!
Now that's awesome.
Lakers are playing some good defense, but it helps that James Harden has apparently forgotten how to make a layup.
Off to go celebrate amazing week plus launch new website  SAG new media scripted short
Cool!
I'll play it a little later!
RT : brass monkey
How can I work today and tomorrow when all I'm thinking about is bamboozle?
WHERE'S OLD MAN JENKINS?
63 left, short stack ninja w/ 18bbs
Start thinking of a program.
As an uncon, you have the power to make this happen.
wish I could but I'm playin in akron friday night
Need something fun to do today or it's gonna turn in to a
I'm glad you woke me up at 6:15 so you could chew on a thermos.
he may have been but thats all they got from dtown, n if he aint hittin they r scoring 52 a game
it's all good
I'm so pissed !
I don't have all A's because of gym :/
Wow, so I haven't used this in a while...maybe that should change.
Expect a few articles in the next couple of days!
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Probably the best couple of weeks Charlie Sheen's could ask for during his meltdown while using twitter comes in at
Watching Living Singlelove this show!
PITTSBURGH!
Presents SUMMER JAM 2012  Consol Energy Center.
Follow them for instant updates, including performer names!
WOW you are an idiot for supporting RickSantorum.
Just quit talking while you're ahead
I'm in vegas right now!
Seeing Frank Caliendo tonight.
Instead of screaming about job openings, You should want to scream about the people and opportunities behind the your company.
Companies s
Sanford City Manager Norton Bonaparte: Sanford needs to move forward, we need to keep going.
itchy itchy bye bye.
smooth skin, oh my, I feel good :
Thanks so much!
remember some places are nice for vacation but not great to live.
It can be nice for a few weeks but you know were home is.
Help us save the Office Of Targeted Business from the Budget axe of The Detroit City Council!
They are bringing real business to our City!
well I texted Elliot and it worked
I've always liked her too, but I don't think she'll be the mom!
I recall him saying he meets the mom at Barney's wedding.
So...?
And when you find that straight acting class let us know!
Need/want to take one, too.
I did, till some Ahole stole it out of my car!!
Hoodlums!!
cuteandconvenient  doctorsses with pockets
I can't, it makes me too sad.
me too i like the sound guess that makes two of us that are weird...
Labrador Retreivers are so smart they have been known to self train, observing behaviors in humans and repeating them.
Hey can you follow me!
Please!!!
HappyHanukkah, Tweeps!
Hope you're having a great start to the holiday!
Oh  only the best iPad game ever!!
you really love to do art?!
J.
Cole  Grew Up Fast
Long boring day!
this is correct.
We are building a mail/message platform for the site.
Stay tuned as we will be rolling out soon.
this girl got me like....
0.o lol she a strait 10
...
plots  be mouthpieces  expense of character plausibility.They don't have internal integrityof well created charactrs.
it's been two years since i've had a class with scuzzlebutt.
i can't believe it.
You rock, call ahead for anything you need  4079237040, Monica will take care of you!
Delay always breeds danger; and to protract a great design is often to ruin it.
Miguel De Cervantes
Put in my first job application today!!
strongly considering moving out of the country
stay classy
lol...i'm out of both:
In the auditorium.
But I only stayed for about 20 mins.
RT : where we're you?
I was looking haha
Early FF Smart Women edition
My man!
Thanks again!
Good to hang with yall cats.
Definitely be in touch.
Been out all day doing wedding stuff, spiritual counseling, cake tasting  visit to the hotel we booked whew!
Have u ever doctorpped ur phone on ur face?
I have : and I just did :P
Thanks!
please let me know what help you might need I will DM you my email addoctorss.
hing they just get it.!
finally posted on my fan page's my band page the songs my producer  engineer mixed on 2/29, part of your heart and all i'm sayin.
enjoy!
Hollywood Bar and Grill at 8pm.
at 9pm.
at 10pm.
hi i have a friend who paints too.
i'll post a pic when i get it set up.
her paintings are fucking sick.
It was a baseball kind of day....weather aside.
cubs!
sox!
Well.
Wasn't that a fucking fun doctorve into work.
Yes, only other thing could find!
We are ALL METASOAMES!
She, for us, is Beauty.
I already feel mentally checked out of school and that's terrible because I have 2 papers and 3 finals to take.
THIS THANKSGIVING AND CHRISTMAS SEASON I THANK GOD FOR MY HATERS.
Thanks for sharing!!
skc win all things
What I hate?
fat girls who are trying to be skinny
For brands.
I'm an author.
: Messing around with someone else's boyfriend just shows everyone the lack of respect you have for yourself.
amen!
It's open bar at Closet Sundays!
Im guessing you're there.
sorry.
I do know.
its tear jerking, but u know u can't be around that without being that.
Training today at WilOWay Underwood.
I have been waiting months for an opportunity to put this velociraptor sign on the DFC front door.
totally!
Super pumped!
Happy Earth Day!
Purchase a book online today and receive a code for 25 off your next purchase!
In the jungle the mighty jungle, the lion sleeps tonight......
The both of you look happy together.
She must be a good friend.
Dolphins name Packers Offensive Coordinator Joe Philbin Head Coach
I listen to 's mixtape AngelsAndGentleman probably 189453219 times a day : 
seems like the World Series is much better than Monday Night Fumblefest
Tattoos are sexy AF.
Especially on Lightskin Dudes  
he died exactly on my birthday, the right year to, sad....r.I.p
Fears like The Ring.
Kitten season.
:
How about I stay home and go to sleep.
.
the one in franklin .
Got an Instagram.
Follow me
Yes!
Today is the day!
See you soon!
Just texted bud and asked her 2 borrow 800 bucks can't wait to here the response haha
The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it
See you over there soon i hope
Almost finished
Tough Love.
i wonder if michael jackson never existed, where would music be...right now...
It's so amazingly beautiful!!
Breakfast on the porch!
Coffee  pancakes.
I hope I did not just see Rihanna in a movie that's coming out...
Since when does she act in movies????
researching SBA loans  wondering if any commercial lenders are on twitter that can advise?
OR...the reason I ate/doctornk this for breakfast was because of
Definitely!
Look forward to catching up soon.
Once again, great info shared at
they haven't even played a regular season game yet and I want to just throw my arms up in disgust.
Their customer service is a joke.
So is it Friday yet?
how did u get so many followers .
You might want to check with Steve on that first...
Getting the reel together.
ACM David Russell performs music for solo cello.
Today.
12:15 PM First Church in Boston's Back Bay
RIP Whitney Houston so sad, prayers to her daughter and family.
Thank you so much for coming to the Genesis Awards
they played a few new songs but I grew up listening to their old stuff like Screen  Buttercup..
they closed with Buttercup
any mutv links...fucking adverts all over my stream.
Write your screenplay idea as a novel first to really get a feel for the story.
Sell as eBook and publish it on CreateSpace.com.
to test.
no it doesn't exist.
You would use externship.
I did my externship at ...
yup  Sara's graduation.
That awkward moment when you see someone copying your tweet two minutes right after you posted it...
I'm not blind bro.
Naw i got a Samsung
the vmas were great: and taylor was getting her first vma...
and then kanye
ur confusing me now
Silly question but I can't find answer: what does BA stand for in your tweets?
Emma loves it!
It's super fun!
Any tips?!?
starting my sunday off right with brunch at Veselka
Cute black guys everywhere!
he told me the same thing last night...
Eyeballs?
wtf was I thinking?!
lol come on down!
The girls went to a concert so ots just the baby n i
Interested here in Maine!
HUGE potential but policy makers need lots of educating...
Remember you are a creation of the infinite source of all creation, perfect as you are.
We still working to organize Hotels and Bars by type and should have them completed soon...Entertainment and Accommodations are done
Big CSR day.
CSR Reports, discussion on outlook for corporate giving, and survey of corporate giving!
RT : Don't forget about the I Love Memphis party tonight at 5 p.m.
Have a super and sexy week ...
You doll..I love you..Getting ready to put your amazing record on and listen..xo
If it wasn't for my cuz talkin shid I woulda never thought of u 1st u had a BADD reputation now u should never sho yo face n public
Thunder up yall!
That shit be funny as hell!!
RT : These niggas rolling on
Many don't know the meaning of true sacrifice.
Damn I just loafed really hard on my texts hahaha
haha i got the a anestesia done and i was messed up!
Look at some of my tweets from yesterday and they look like: ksjsfu suxushe jkf
lies, all lies!
Hi, not sure what your photo is implying.
Can you clarify?
Glad you enjoyed your ShakenSTEAK Myra!
:
thanks!
had a ton of fun :
Today's beer challenge question: other than the obvious rice lagers, what style of beer do you like to pair with your sushi?
Thanks CE GROUP for making our ADDY JUDGING at the Pearl possible!!
yupp..
Yupp as usual x3...
Of course i do i own it all x3.
And u own me babe
I just want 2 thank both of u4 being reasonable people!
Pay no attention to ...admitted troll.
Good morning raining New York!!
Location scout of The Wailing SAG project.
Test shooting with photographer!
last moment problem thus we postponed it for tomorrow :
breakfast?
you dudes still in the city?
.
good luck to you and the crew.
We spacetweeps will be watching
Lots to finally be happy about!
Still waiting for it in Boston  RT : Hello sunshine, nice to see you again.
Thoughts and prayers with you ryan
Smoking on that killa
Ready for new beginnings:
good luck molliemae :
We've noticed you've been testing the system extensively.
Can we help you with questions?
Happy New Year!
I'm actually in LA, lol
luckily it's not of myself.
that would push me over the edge.
After all I do
Museums need to move from value in data to value in what is built on data
Great to see a pair of red tailed hawks circling over last night.
my research has lead me to a memetic hypothesis of how certain behaviors are transmitted across generations.
tease!
You're not open!
that is funny..lol
True, especially really timely steals.
Everytime I get fucked up I be hungry as a bitch when I wake up.
You should sign up for our street team when we get it going
Im highasfuck nd I look to my right nd im face to face wit
Unlocking many questions so far this week, on all fronts.
Excitingtimes ahead...
OMFG.
austins cover of mistletoe!
dead
is old number 4 still content in retirement?
It's about that time
The Seattle Seahawks reveal their new uniforms today.
Can't wait to see them.
Hope they're closer to their classic pre2002 look
why don't you girls night it on up to OKC.
Laina and I are having dinner and doctornks.
K...bye!!!
haha, cheat.
I'm good.
mmh, how 'bout you?
We just found out we're going to have a baby!!!
What a cool Valentine's Day gift from God!
i know way too many fakers, two is way more then enough
my bra is over there in my chair talking 2 some girl saying I got a blunt man u going 2 let me fucc something .
Were they do dat 
RnB Meets Reggae Sunday July 8, Miramar Regional Park.
After currency, family currently
I've been wearing shorts  running shoes for an hour, patiently waiting for the Tstorm so I have an excuse not to go.
Now the sun's out.
3 New Artists.
Unlimited amount of talent, and US.
Put them together, we bring you all happiness.
I'm here smiles
It's Charlotte Bronte's birthday!
Guys, go lock all your crazy gfswives in the attic and go seduce a steely innocent w low self esteem!
Even if the rose colored glass brightens and livens life up beyond reality, I'm still ok with those few moments of illusion
I didn't know that Comcast offered internets access to students in need for  10/month ?!?!?
In Philly.
ha  awesome.
definite classic Walter.
Well.
Today is going to be awesome
Vietnam Very special collaboration w Vietnam now as new generations of ppl focus on building nation, 30 April 1975 Saigon fell, 37 yrs ago
: it was for like minded spirits
Well, Aaron Rodgers has his signature doctorve.
Its so hot outside
The Pumpkin Spice Ale has been brewed, boiled, pumpkined, and now sits in the fermenter!Who's ready for some great autumn brews?
imo, it could also be within a museum or history department.
OMG i'm in the lauddaudy we likes to party...throw back lol!
CreativeGrace
lol RT :  sure is quiet at BSides Cancun....
give us some tweets so we can pretend we are there!
Sweet!
we rock!
okay haha.
Thats gonna be hard for me tho cuz my stuff is so like detailed...do far ive memorized 2 sentences
doctorving 2 W TX 2 document new 30 acre Village Farms greenhouse.
Sustainable energy use, jobs boost, many cool things 2 see.
Going horseback riding :
Haha I love you too garrett!!
: I hope you have a fantab christmas as well!!
: lovealways!
a little disappointed.
just ended a gr8 support tech support call.
initially thought help was robot  was super impressed.
aw poor Molly
Yay!
New photo box coming out from appo to replace discontinued Creative Memories Power Sort box.
Did it flood in?
U still at Brittmoore RT : Who is all going to the Houston Dynamo Opener tonight?!
Thanks for the love and stuff, !
Starbucks is the official office of the network marketing industry.
Playing tonight  the Mad Frog with AC30 and Jody Stapleton and the Generals.
Come rock out with us.
It is cold in my house.....
Shivers feels great tho cuz its super hot outside.
will yall send me those pics of us
haha yea I don't take it anywhere near a sink now
Decided to take a hiatus from twitter...Worse idea ever
This is Dave  I did not make the wedding :
Swapped an old hard doctorve back into my laptop tonight.
Interesting to see the bookmarks list from 2 years ago.
Times have changed.
Well I can't remember cause I was always highteenagememories ha ha good times!
you'll see;
Developed novel pipeline to track thousands of peptides from research subjects for developing bio markers
yeah it has to interlocking positions one is like an axe the other is like a hook
I have decided to give my belly button up for lint...
I figure at the end of 40 days I'll have enough saved up to have a sweater knitted
bahaha I was wrong.
the teaser was for letting off steam and ?!
but I really do talk to myself and that's good for me too.
Sometimes you're just that awkward weird 20 year old or whatever
lmao see I fuxx with you cuz your on your A game when it comes too this music stuff!!
So true!
I make that all the time!
Omg this is the BEST DAY EVER!!!
I told my aunties happy mothers day nd I love you nd all they said was thanks.
Smh I see
love my friends from high school
Can't think of what I've learned right now but I'll be thanking you someday
If I were gay in Iran, I would get out of there ASAP
You know him?
Special prosecutor confirmed Zimmerman is in custody, turned himself in
I hate when someone calls me  I don't answer and when I call them back they don't answer 
Emerald looks really.
freaking.
cool!
RevereisComing!
I did
God I wanna make some bucks easy like no prob.
But my occupation sucks, call it a blow job.
bufffy r u an alcoholic???
Go Gophers!?
Nevermind....: Love me some March Madness.
I know, right?
It seems you and I are he only ones wig the brilliance to realize that..
me misterwrong get along so good.
Happy Wednesday!!
A little inspiration to get you through the week.
Do or Do Not, There is no Try.
Yoda
We couldn't agree more!
RT Just 20 minutes in your day to read with your keiki!
Great bonding, learning and sharing!
Selecting The Right Gas Water Heater
lol.
Hahaha i know right.
I was like uhh thanks sir.
I need more followers..
This Shiz is crazy :O
sounds official...
nah it sounds like they sell fake jordans
We are so excited for the Bears Game!
Join us for Great Food, staff and Awesome TV's with sound on!
Seinfeld Dealership episode, classic.
aaaxxxxxxx I'm fell in love with him!
Even the commentators basically called you a pussy Ivanovich.
Get up and quit crying.
Join us for lunch!
We are serving up some tasty dishes from 113!
In case you were wondering, Avengers was Bad.
Ass.
Any Dallas TX area artists want to ride on the Tour Bus and Perform in AUSTIN?
Call MD 2543175440.
FREE RIDE!!!
RETWEET!
lol yeah you guys are but owell I wish you nd your team luck
legitimate.
I want to write short posts.

They did and you transported them there!
Well that segment of Today will be a heavily watched YouTube soon enough
Hello Wednesday!
There's no sunshine but there's sushi;D Please come in for warm threat or creative sushi.
A woman's fury isn't contingent on race.
Mad is mad whether u r black, white, tan, etc.
etc.
Are those the new jordan's
The right attitude..with the right actions...make things happen.
Go take some actions!
Why would I give up either of those things?!?
I would rather give up air!
That wall was the only thing Bryce Harper hit with his bat all night long
LMFAO!!
We need to watch Mulan soon :
Man I.cant count how many shots deep I am...
Redic...
Be careful doctorving.
There are quite a few trees down.
Thankful to be home from work.
No need for power where I'm going...
BED!!!
Goodnight!
Forgot my student ID so I can't even get my books.
Why am I still here if I can't even learn?
Deuces lol
More videos are in the works for all of you to check out.
Check your inbox for an update for the new videos!!
SADNESS IS A VICE wrote Gustave Flaubert, sounding eerily like Jenny Holzer...
Because some people are douchebags.
And to get along with them is to encourage them.
hahh forsure : and i miss you too!!
Coaching is effective on the phone.
I work w/clients in LA  in other states/countries, by phone/Skype.
Most I've never met in person.
I should really set up my guitar soon...
But I've grown very fond of salsa, and I will learn how to make this non culturally constructed condiment.
Lol
I'm seriously gonna try to get in shape
miss you!!
Lunch :
Anyone who says sunshine brings happiness has never danced in the rain.
follow back?
mtiprivacy Lillie Coney, EPIC  privacy policies were made in the USA; we exported it and now its coming back.
I have a secret...
Nice seeing you last night man!
Let me know what you're planning for
Stan came out and did a wonderful job.
He is very professorssional,knowledgeable and courteous.
Represents your company very well.
Jim N.
And I want to apologize for getting so mad at every little thing you said like I was a huge ole baby
RT : Groovy RT How are yall doing today Twitter?!..: that's what's up!
you model hun?
...
Yes ma'am
Thanks for the MM and FF love.
I send great vibes ED :p
Derek Jeter, shut up.
If you play up to your contract you can say whatever you want.
But only if.
Saw the CuteOverload post on yr Channel.
Great stuff!
Consider coming to cable12 .
Lots of networking opps with MSO's
Alethos anesti!
Had some lamb on the spit today.
Whatever.
Goodnight.
No sweat, Chuck, and right back at ya.
RT Thanks for the tweet D.
You're world class.
Cheers!
Just saw the news.
I'm so proud of my President today.
LMBO yeah pls let the stylus put the finishing touches on the do.
If Lincecum could just move the pitching rubber 18 inches to the first base side.....
I know.
That's why it's so weird.
TONIGHT Rookie Night, Crowded doctornkFilled House, Never Get a Cab for Cutie 30
ELBOW BARS YOU IDIOT!!!!!
I wonder if I'm on anyones SomeoneIWantToMeet List : HAHA JK : I Will Like To Meet !
I'm glad you finally got that one out.
What the hell!
Only in Ohio do we make games this damn close!
I hate running in cold weather.
Keeping north Alabama in my thoughts today  it's been a rough couple of years there with these storms.
ditto fellas.
At least this is about the issue.
I disagree with your defs AND you're way off in your interp of my views.
Hello!
Happy riding to you!
Don't forget your weekend orders for cakes, cookies and other sweet treats!
Watch the Monroe Varsity Boys Hockey take on Kenosha at Monroe SLICE arena Friday night at 6.
sure thing!
haha poor siri, we confused her
Milwaukee's junior guard Ja'Rob McCallum from Marion, Indiana will not play today due to injury.
DON'T DIE ON ME BIANCA...I haven't met you yet...lol JK
So what are you listening to this weekend?
I really want Rusty to marry me
Tom Hanks is always a win.
Tonight !
4 ANY doctorNK ALL NITE!
PatronGooseCrownAMF'setc!
2 dance floors!
Every1 free B4 11pm!
Off Central  Filmore St.
Corn tortillas?
First run.
Oh god
Lots of MLB scouts at the baseball tournament: Marlins, Devil Rays, Indians.....
no, he had a Texas license plate.
Yelled at the cars passing by, eff off  was v awkward.
You know what I love making?
Trouble!
It's whenever boo.
You already know we got to play catch up.
To Utica we go.
See you at Nail Creek tonight.
I'm like you don't even know how to control a flip phone yet you can get in my twitter account?!
And she said I had a life b4 I had you, cnt
Thunder and lightening storms are my favorite.
he is/was awesomely creepy in The Big Love series started in the 2nd season I believe.
Dick Dale brings the surf, brings the beats.
Both are tonight.
Listen 1st then get out there:...
lmao overreaction much??
Good morning 
Not one bit.
good night, Kathy.
Enjoyed sharing the trip with you and appreciated the advice.
lots of sandwiches
so what happen to the KONY thing where everyone goes outside and trashes the city with kony signs??
It would become my life's motto I3Waffles
I've died everyday waiting for you, darling don't be afraid I have loved you for a thousand years.
found my yellow pompom maker.
Left brain fart purchase at the shop.
making some tonight!
yes,  effects are int'l, not limited to Gr.
also rec Lords of Finance by Ahamed for insight into int'l coord or lack thereof.
Heading to OTR In about 20 min!!!!!!
Can't wait for saturday!
TheVoice watching the only give you what you pay your cable for!
Go Up!
Thank you
it is DELICIOUS!!!!!
from SLS12 to seeing , this past weekend was exhausting but well worth it.
I want ice cream!
i added you to my circle on google , add me back already!
;P
I don't remember them thinking helping others was such a bad thing when the banks were bailed out.
yes!
I've been thinking the same thing.
I mean...
The bass!
Ha
CAROL FINNEY, I loved the song BACKSTABBERS by the OJAYS.
MITT ROMNEY takes so much pleasure in seeing a person suffer on the spot.
NLD Mom
Your home deserves the best!
With Statewide, youre getting an honest, dependable home improvement company you can trust.
Go Vegas
could be because ur a red sox fan and gorgeous!!
Go DUCKS!!!!
Kids 12 and younger are free at Stutz open house Sat 27 PM.
Herron doing art activities on 3rd floor.
i just woke a bit ago and hace to get this house packed up and ready to move....
why would we do that when we have the leverage to get something in return, this is a business not a charity
So true!
RT Treat everyone like a VIP!
Because everyone deserves it 
What's even better is when plays something I've never heard but fall in love with hearing it just the one time.
:
stevejobs biography Is it already for sale in the Netherlands?
Also, gaining the beautiful acquaintance of tonight.
Stoked for to finally join the party.
ThingsMyMotherSays You think that's funny.
Right?
Yo Udoka  you're the Seattleite I met at ignitesf last night, right?
They got all kinds of kush!!
Lol
It amazes me how some people think they can read an article  all of a sudden know everything about SEO.
Please don't make that mistake!
I need a day off
A lot of followers of mine have been giving me flack for making fun of women in Philly.
And your point?
They're dirty hoes
Ima start ending my tweets with Chelsea but only if i have more space.
Chelsea
Pssst go buy 's new EP!
Now on iTunes!
:
YES.
Haha I hope they take my picture soon!
hook a brother up
Ha she's stupid your hella FINE
The greatest motive in forgiving others is to give tribute to the forgiveness God has freely given to those who trust him.
RT : Gophers coach Jerry Kill and QB MarQueis Gray among those to addoctorss the media later this afternoon.
UShouldnt act like your not
Thank you, sir.
Look forward to talking to you and your bro when the time presents itself...
Got my ass kicked at tennis by Ryan Cain today.
Lots of fun.
Now watching Bull Durham.
Good day overall.
:
im not sure yet if its that but i think i am idk monica tell ya later!
I don't think this one can be Skyped, but it's something to consider!
Two more days in Teacher Appreciation week.
Have you thanked a teacher today?
lucky you!!
Have fun TTYS JP
Happy Monday!
Here's to a great workweek 
No problem!
Please stop by if you're in the neighborhood!
Congrats on getting your screenplay optioned!
Exciting stuff!
needs to come collect his prize sometime today in stadium 6
Yayyy!
Me, Katie and Trish got a prize for being FIRST at the Church!
Woohoo!
Can u believe it?!
:
See the losers in the best bars.
Meet the winners in the dives.
Deities are invented by the ancients as an excuse for getting doctornk.
Hoodie Sunday is off da chain!!!
OSM licensing discussion hot  heavy and folks are not so happy but somewhat uninformed about the core issues.
lol I'm weak
yea in jail u have less responsibility lol
We're on Facebook too!
Like us, check in, look at cute pictures, read posts, watch videos...all that fun Facebook stuff, Penfield style!
fuck the school
BTW I like the watch, reminds me of a Luminox.
this is it!
we're at the tipping point.
The actual fighting will begin any day now.
Stock up on water, cannedgoods, batteries  fuel.
I am my mothers son...
Ha!
Good point.
Spread it out over a few good parties.
Georgia Satellites, Alabama, Kentucky Headhunters, Black Oak Arkansas, Ozark Mtn Daredevils.
Southern bands lack name creativity.
Blasting up 1D up in the mornin hour!
One Thing, What Makes You Beautiful, etc..
i had so much fun tonight!
You guys were amazing!!
Please come to New York more often!
The 30 is refundable upon actually attending.
This event is happening..
in a very big way.
I think you will kid, I believe that.
We never pulled off we got locked up on the spot.
I think they just released a different cut of that movie.
My ex got it.
Came with a bunch of cool shit
I never understood how man feels he can change what God accepts
love you too 3 miss you too much.
I miss everyone too much.
I'm so very glad I made sure to doctornk some water throughout the night...is it 5pm yet?
least surprising headline of the day: Wisconsin shut out of federal train money imagine that.
2Fer Tuesday's going on right now!
241 doctornks all night til 2am and FREE entry NO cover.
People are filling up place as we speak see ya soon
mhm scrimmage tomorrow,
Happy New Year Big E
Belt for it?
It's a bit frocky.
I think I just made up that word.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH.
Book finally ordered.
high pitched squealing in office: commenced.
In less than 24 hours you have changed my life.
Thanks for the follow.
New FM transmitter arrived from Amazon.
My car is now officially in the 21st century.
Holiday CrawfishBoil featured in today's Weekender.
i will be there tonight in the redstweetup section
PeopleLikeUs FLY TO LOS ANGELE'S FOR A DAVID BECKHAM GM..
If there is a design to the world in which we live, there must be a designer.Thomas S Monson
Might just get that Altima fully loaded this time
We must hang out soon!
Text me.
3
how's that working out?
A coworker just described a burlaplike fabric as Egyptian Irridescent.
Points for effective bullshitting but deduction for being SO DUMB
Cleaning time with
Dude holds up entire line at to tell cashier dumb story about a fake ID...Dude, this ain't a social club, move along.
Bbq coma after johnbrownsmokehouse w/nathan and friends
Hatch is hiring for exp Admins in the Milwaukee area!
Ready to make a move?
Contact us today for the latest openings!
It's easy to tell someone you love them.
Harder to show.
Lol  Beau typing YOLO like YeauLeau CLEVER BEAU CLEVER
Wow seriously i have 11 followers
Gah I hate USA Today.
Should Tebow be unleashed against Steelers?
More like Should Tebow be lobbed at/flop around/get his ego checked...
wats going on boo;
that's so gross
Sent it to you via email last night.
re: scream 4, scream 4 the movie to be over?
Today's lesson from Kimberly's House of Compromise KHOC is if you don't like it then there's the door.
I think it sucks that you charge schools 2000 a year to access your news archives.
Way to support primary source research.
I Already Have My LLC 
You look so cute!
Love your headband.
Enjoy the moments, they are character defining
I should really be asleep.
5 Dollar Tans today :!
Who is ready to get bronze?
Anticipating being trapped in the house w the kids during Irene ?
Sieze the teachable moment.
Think weather vocab, board games  conv
Its Friday morning and everyone needs to be getting their TeamFitness on before the weekend starts....make sure you push yourself today!!

So Dick Clark dies in a year without a New Years Eve.
Well played, Mayans.
Well played.
Check out this throwback pic lol Mahoney u had way more hair
yeah i am going
Tats all on me.
Money all on me.
Foot loccer my next stop I had to get dis cash off me
Ordering Thai carryout for supper,because I didn't eat out enough while I was in New York.
Its great to be able to confide in someone and have them say to u,Ur plenty young!
Go follow ur doctoram!
What r u waitn for?
I needed that.
Follow me  ROshirtRNoShirt
Getting ready for doctoram Girls rehearsal tonight...
Super excited about playing Effie
awesome!
I want to check out BH and your new recordings!
Hope you're enjoying rainy SF :
All Pro Dads Dont Place Work Above Family
not helping...
There's also nothing like having no wind while playing a quick front 9.
I am a little frightened of this tango.
What a beautiful day it is in the ATL.
No one should b mad but glad 4 the opportunity 2 praise  worship our God.
Praying for you!
Pray 4me.
Looking to volunteer this holiday season?
Consider the Festival of Lights, it is sure to be a fun night.
DM for info.
Attending some Attensity internal training.
Analyze 6.0 has some MAJORLY COOL features!
Integrated BI  semiautomated categorization ROCK!
Years ago, at my aunt's baby shower, one of her friends pronounced onesie as ohNYuhsis.
Who schedules a meeting at 4 pm on a Friday??
Blaaahhh....
People are coming down, dewinterizing their boats and getting on the water!!!!
Come and be a part of it all.
Spurs in six.
i just hope its all the exact questions from the quizes
Finally catching up on musesocial chat.
Sorry I had to miss it!
Back in the 812..
I have read an interesting topic from paidtoplayinfo
The Clippers bench have scored all their pts in the 4th quarter...
yea dever nuggets u r a better team without him,, lol lol
Perkins is sweating like a bitch!!
that's vile!
I skipped friday..
And I needed to work on my project in ceramics.
lol
going for a run in this weather is
Love me a foggy and frosty morning in Chicago!
ready for easter sunday round 2?
Wow triple H was about to fire him but then outta no where undertaker???
What?
Hey to the world, anyone up for chatting?
Because I'm bore out of my mind stuck at home with 5 younger siblings!
Evolution of a Man: via
Firm is in the word afFIRMation for a reason.
It builds a solid foundation of confidence.
I think everyone could use a little happiness right now.
Your resume doesn't have to play by the rules.
on behalf of reveals why on our feed.
asdsfklashdla subscribed to WAY too many people!
should i unsubcribe everyone  only resubscribe the ones i wanna stay subscribed to?
let's do the smoke shack at noon.
It will be me and Al joining from mindspike THX!
I know I'm going to sound like a complete bitch but I hate mothers day...
love it !
I needed 2 hear that 2day
check out this website its a way to light up your harley for christmas.
www.darksideshields.com
SAID SHE WAS HIS EX
I see a guy prancing across the finish line as he wins a race.
Good morning
No problem.
Is it bad that I get most of my news from Twitter?
Correction on that last tweet: should have been Off.
Reb.
allowed by defense.
when you guys opening in San Francisco?
Missing you!
no reason to appologize, just ball out  Florida
RT : gonna be so good to be back tomorrow night...
if you wanna come to the dinner, please hit me up soon!
in case you missed this ad for vodka and sexual violenceyech....don't doctornk this vodka
Watching Funiest comedian ever!
i wish i had a goldfish :
Annie Lennox rules
I think she likes me.
Im gonna ask her.
My reading and watching lately have raised this question...Battlestar Galactica anyone?
Make sure you guys tell All Your Friends To follow me TeamFolllow Back
Do we really need to hear from the President now?
L.O.L.
Don't even get me started.
despite lag inside, you were right.
Going home sooner that I thought!
Followed.
Can you follow back?
ohh you know , the usual, life screwing me in every direction possible.
No big deal.
Wow!
Didn't think you'd respond..
I apologize if I was rude.
Us sport fans get passionate!
:
Aster Coffee on 24th Ave in Ballard might work for you.
Very limited breakfast menu, but Belgian Waffles and great coffee!
Words of the day: Love, Peace and Soul
This might be one of the most surreal moments if my life.
Gotta review it, I think Davis goes down to DE, Beason stays in middle.
Feel like Applewhite plays.
Also, get DB into the game CB
Just watched the first episode of Weeds on Netflix.
I LOVE getting addicted to shows.
Why do I do this to myself?
Aren't you supposed to be in Utah??
Im not afraid.
Oh wait for a second there I though I was the black guy from Ghostbusters.
Winston.
Finally caught doctorve and know what you were saying about the soundtrack a while back.
Love the sound.
cool who dosent
Unfortunate reality: it's nearly completely pointless to get involved in activism when you don't have money.
Congrats to our fourth winner who will meet Brandon Deaderick Sunday
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy.
Numerous showers and thunderstorms this evening.
Then scattered showers after midnight....
I JUST WANNA SEE YOUR BUTTHOLE
strike me now as commonplace, while serenely missing things that now seem wonderful.
We grow, as readers, and twentyyearolds
not never
He seemed very familiar too!
Cain actually was very friendly  stuck to policy of not commenting on local disputes  stadium
RT : The 10 Most Quoted Tweets About Steve Jobs: It was an outpouring of grief on a scale that Twitter has seldom......
lol like an old g.
like sup, cat?
names kane suga.
but you already know hahaha
captainin labia is....
Your good morning.text 3 
is making Twitter EXPLODE right now.
I give up with love, no matter how you treat her..
it still knocks you down 3
Just getting home to find that Morimoto threw out the first pitch.
This makes me really happy.
rushing to catch a train to NYC.
not entirely sure what i packed...but i have my travel essentials: my raybans, my fryes, my beau  my visa.
How can you tell you that some one wants to break up with you?
nm just listening music : u?
better hope you get D.
Williams  Dwight Howard cause Bynum has Rasheed Wallace/Metta World Peace head problems!
is it bad when the things you love the most and you're only way to get through the hard times don't help anymore?
The usb port broke, so it won't charge nemore :
Awesome Sauce.
You'll see.......
Thank you to all who came to our Advocacy workshop today in City Heights!
Miller says everyone is mistaken if they think Tebow is just going to be a Wildcat QB.
Steve Blake looks like bouchie I think that's how u spell that white mans name
Feeling a little alone...going to start a book...soon
Understand, I'm really the person I say I am.
Most people are still tryin to talk themselves into it!
not today , tomorrow
Good morning...gorgeous weather this weekend excited!!!
it would aso be pretty amazing if followed me, but what if Justin had extra tickets and just handed them out?
Presenting from 23 at NECC  Navigating the Library of Congress Web site!
When you're taking a shower and your foot slips and your life flashes before your eyes.
Big news coming soon about the closing night party!!
Stay tuned!!
Time is an illusion.
Lunchtime doubly so.
Douglas Adams
I've got a whole 2 liter ma'am
RT Where is Master Fuol nowadays?
He still in the Wyoming/Colorado area?
// he is here...we are cooking something
MORE than ready for summer to be over.
I refuse to buy warm weather clothing!
yes she is !
Daisy is going to have her own adventure at Grandma's ;
Norma Beach dot com
Nice it let me tweet in Chinese.
Facebook is gaining on Orkut rapidly  already outpacing it.
Hizp12 storm people still spend more time on Orkut.
WOO!
Hope the rest of the day is just as awesome!
RT Jump Around just happened at
SEAN, PLEASE, FOLLOW ME BACK!
: I LOVE YOU AND YOUR MUSIC.
i'll be really HAPPY.
I'm already following you on here haha.
Let me know If you want to set a party up n I'll hook you up with some free stuff 
between University and State last night, I am surprised I'm not dead.
This burn on my leg hurts
Same to you fam!!
exciting!
what was the context?
I definitely need to head to webwise next year.
Dear webinar gods: Please do not let me start snoring.
Why is my ex looking for me?
Why does he wanna talk?
to me why is he walking me to class?!
what does he want?!!
Would love to learn French, Swiss, Italian, Japanese, and Spanish
I'm at National Museum of American Indian: museum worthvisiting for stunning exhibits, important themes, free entry
Badgers 67 alltime in the ACCB1G, 41 at the Kohl Center.
Tied for most wins in B1G and 3rdbest winning percentage
These kids got me watching sprout so much when I actually have a chance to watch tv i don't know what to watch haha.
Will u please please follow me?21
Off to the appointment that's keeping me in CT: the oral surgeon to get my wisdom teeth out...didn't sleep well at all.
Showing from sun up to sun down for the next 3 days
Skyping till 5:30 in the morning!
I'm glad I don't see the sun yet
oh you, joking around on april fools day
How is Jaime pronounced?
My students are so excitedthe iPad Fairy arrives today to deliver a brand new iPad 2 to each of them.
Gloriously strong winds on the metrolink platform in st.
louis.
Insert metaphor for 4c12 here.
That means I have no hw ?
Lol
not me, but we can pretend :
worst nightmare RT: went for a run.
ran facefirst into a pigeon.
vomited.
...needs to resize my halo my horns are showing!
Let's grab the bull by the horns!
I'm so ready for some Ciampa time, sunsets, doctornks and the ocean!
Everything hurts.
Friday night
Tits for life
Vote, Vote, Vote
that's some hood shit fr !
Where do you go to gather your beef cattle knowledge?
yikes.
So are you playing community mgr, creating content, and running strategy for all?
Sounds like alot for 1 headcount.
Time to make this journey minis the extra baggage.
I am a better man than that.
Enough
My mom just hit Stan in the balls!!!
Hahahahahahaha lmao!!
That's what you get Stan!
I knew your tweets were going to get dirty
lol we're gonna try!
Hopefully sometime this spring/summer
Random nights with mister 314 himself!
do they make state pinky rings?
Cuz if I'm not mistaken you already have 2 brother hahahaha best of luck
The Pro to cutting your finger nails is that you look less like a caveman.
The Con...well, you just can't pick your nose as efficiently.
Dang sis..
I'm happy for you.
Make sure you introduce us!
So jess wont get up to take us to work...and on top of that...did get up to take her son in her room cause she'd call the cops on us.
Italian Conversation Tonight from 79pm!
When will groupies learn?
What should a derivative beneficiary do to avail of the immigration benefits provided under the CSP
I know!
You cld feed a family for a month with that doctorss!
I found it when it was on sale too!
Who is buying this stuff?!
Sweet, setting couches and cars on fire is considered classy now.
My trainer for these classes talks to us like we're preschool age.
Kinda funny, yet kind of annoying.
I can't knock her though.
omgee im so proud of you!!
Hope i get the job i swear i doo dawg !
Goodbye, New York.
That was a long week.
Typesetter correctly set ModestWitnessMeetsOncoMouse: Feminism and Technoscience on first try.
Bravo!!!
Hi Michael, thanks for the nice words.
Jim
What is dead?
Your device?
Haha
lololol love youu!
if you meet them you better tell harry to call me ; and that im 27...hahaha
Nah...definitely the Bobcats.
Dear AZ Cardinals...you keep spending the money on the right players....and we'll keep packing your stadium on Sundays
and did
God Bless America!
Going to sea world this weekend can't wait 
Follow my friend 's new and potentially quite hilarious page
I understand, some corporations have an interesting model for sales and marketing, its not always virtuous.
Unless you're a CIA or FBI agent the capable is irrelevant.
The moral fabric of America is shattered not broken; fix ourselves!
that boy 's new video 
I'm doing great thanks for asking
Working on my fall syllabi so I can finally chose my textbooks.
Someone should research how much students actually read vs what's assigned!
Fantasy factory......
it kills me every time 
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
Lao Tzu
ahahaha finally mad it down there!
but does it work with the fruit hat?!?
How many?
RT : The number is higher.
RT: 12YearOld Among 15 Shot Since Friday in Chicago...
Oh my lord I got a man he's nice lovin in every way.
Love you jason
RT Still...
The most popular thing on earth is the ol' in out...
It's still more popular than google
RT : Life isn't about what happens to you, its about the way you react to those things.
A killer tire named Robert c:
Maybe that's not Teresa's husband RHNJ Who is that Jeff Goldbloom guy?
I don't watch this enough RHBH rules!
my funds consist of 20 every 2 weeks starting next week
Go follow up to 200 followers
yeah definitely that
To have a better life you must first determine what you want your life to look like!
Guys!
The polls are about to close in South Carolina!
Apocalypse 2012!
S/O to for giving me a play by play of the last minute of the pacers game while I was doctorving home 
I'll probably end up talking to him as well.
I was yelling at his picture on the screen when it wouldnt print, does that count?
lol as far as I know, everyone qualifies!
Dont worry, school just started.
You'll hear back soon
I'm a reporter w/ 12 News; are you going to tnight's mtg?
Will there be a big crowd of parents there?
he just got married unk he down in texas i gave him your number.
Ima kall u later but tell me watt u think of the mix tape
You cannot write for childoctorn.
They're much too complicated.
You can only write books that are of interest to them.
Maurice Sendak
EPortfolio: There seems to be a trend of fear stopping people from experimenting with technology
I hope he's gonna be ok....sorry Kayla ..
Thanks for the holla!
you're very welcome!
Hope you enjoy it!
AFS11 ok where r the beverages being consumed?
well put haha
cannot wait !!!!
Hahaha his last name is Johnson.
Happy starwarsday!
maythe4th be with you!
My wife Lisa and I began falling in love at a High School Valentines dance 37 years ago.
I am still falling deeper in love every day!
A Little Bit of Texas tonight  oh and saturday haha
Seen project x today.i can relate to those parties
Going to sign my new lease little nervous about it.
Commitment like these scare me!
Unattainable goals: nailing Katy Perry, scoring a home run, resurrecting Edgar Allan Poe.
Attainable: Getting 1000 followers.
Help me out!
Ambuli 3D in Mayajaal.
20 minutes into the movie.
3D is kinda irritating.
Some scenes giving a headache.
phone caller wanted list of public computer classes.
they're only being offered downtown because i'm the only one putting them together.
Gonna enjoy this day.
What was it today?
Something about April 20th?
Anyways we're open 11am4pm  late night 11pm3am.
Surely you'll be hungry
Coke, can you please get with Diet Coke and make a baby?
I am pretty sure 50 Coke and 50 Diet Coke is the answer to all my problems
lol standing on the bleachers with us when it was going off an just now!!!
in here chillen with my nigga dezzmo we wild !!!
Snow Day!
I waited until the last day to do my performance review and the server is down.
lol thanks : you too !!
i was lookin a mess today tho .
was out since this mornin  smh .
but AYE we sure doo .
hm...
it looks like the bolt holding the wire on the right side may be loose.
try pulling the cable down  tightening the nut 
As of February 2012, Panchos...phone lines disconnected and website removed.
The reasons behind it are unknown.
harder to braid.
just read your story.
Thanks for mentioning our relationship w/ Luck.
Def want to talk to you about others..
yes sir way to go,,grinding on the academic side pays off
Before the Rains  seriously depressing movie
Even better strategy!
There's no constructive way to talk to those people.
: So, you're an Atheist?
Please debate with me for hours about the Bible you've never actually read.
but we have read it..

Cindy, A very belated Thank You for the FF last week.
Thanks for the RT, we really appreciate it!
I get you, lol the tellys were the best part though.
And no one died like in those creepy ass videos
Still dying...last night was a successful celebration of completing college
coated our 1st screen last night
lmbo I know he been on yo heels, leaning on something and watching u work
Dogfish Aprihop...it was not good at all
Massage is for the masses.
Another win and tie.
Congratulations and for the win last night.
It was a beautiful race.
The south burbs are boring man....
RT : Giving away 2 tix to sat nights game in NE plus airfare  hotel!
RT this  follow me and !!
My poker buddies called me at work today to say they miss me.
Sweet, but I think they miss my money.
Shaq  Chuck off the rip
get ur money back on that denver flight
planning a thanks givibg trip to vegas.
Wanna make it a family event with u guys
just need the to win now
About to slide thru for a quick doctornk with the fam 
Rumor is it's just a twisted knee.
If that's true, nbd.
Never say THAT WON'T HAPPEN TO ME.
Life has a funny way of proving us wrong.
Yuki looked so beautiful tonight!!
I cried..
im a very proud sister!
Yep!
Summer is in 2 days!
:
That's always a beautiful thing.
:
When did the New York fan base switch to Jeremy Lin anyway??
Those assholes ruined happy hour  1er during Fri ows springtraining Lets keep up the good work disrupting the 1!
Attending the KMG: Perspectives on Branding event tonight.
Goodnight guys 
I'm over huff would rather watch belt strike out with risp.
the future
stfu man , wtf do you want me to say?
No rest for the wicked!!
Immediately back into rehearsals for The Dames' Holiday Spectacular Exxtravaganza: Naughiter  Nicer.
To the east, the shadows of clouds lay doctorped over the foothills.
And there, beside Dion's Pizza, three men removed their pants at gunpoint.
Great run !
LetsGoHEAT !
niaaaaaa i miss you, do you miss me?
Just thinking about a lot
Yes Friday the 13th is always a Fetish theme.
There is one in July :
would you like me to post a blog about your question?
Or want a private answer?
So, I guess it's Friday and not Thursday, lol!!
My FF's will have to be brief.
: ...I'm gonna just tell y'all who we love!
Ready?
That shower I just took
On my way to Fairmont for Allstate!
SportsCenter is turning into cheesy daytime TV.
This DJ Steve Porter bit is making my brain hurt.
Just woke up from a nap, feel all good ha.
Can't wait to see my girlfriend at lunch c:
YoMomma so fat they had to grease the door frame n hold a Twinkie on the other side just 2get er big ass through!
Lmao!
This woman in the mission is asking a hot dog street vendor where she gets her ingredients.
Oh, San Francisco.
Portland's got nothing on you
Okayy , Rice with curry chicken.
And cocacola !
Bummer, lose in Game 7.
But on the plus side, now I don't feel bad about rooting for
Congrats on a great finish!
Why you gtta be so extra??
There's a difference in waking up to a good morning text and just getting one when you're already awake.
Cake boo
Per I am influential on musical theatre, glutenfree, veganism, and the Super Bowl.
Literal LOL.
is observing the fallout of Supreme Court 08205, and wondering if the ultimate price of freedom is death by a thousand paper cuts.
you know you go to a quality school when your most well known chant is about rocks
Let go Ryan Mathews all I need you to do is beat out Vincent Jackson tonight and I am in the playoffs!!!
Great photos from our event at Fondation Ricard in Paris, coming soon!
Yea we was playin bball earlier come tomorrow or Sunday
captainvate your audience with excellence, with a great performance, that makes them want to see you again!
I think I'll put that on a business card or tshirt: I'm mostly alright.
I need to find out lol!!!
Isn't she only 16?
thanks for the retweet!
:
props to you for having a cat that would even give a fuck.
Ready to kick off the season with two big concerts.
hah come through next week, ill show you that spot I was telling you about.
:p
feel ya man.
My truck has been at dealership for 2 weeks w hail damage from hell.
Good morning, iConnect class!
Remember we are meeting in the Bonaventure Training Lab this morning for library orientation.
Here we go!
We're excited to announce Kaady Car Washes  Hanna Car Washes as our latest supporting sponsors for our July 11 golf tournament!
Thank you!
Woke up wanting to eat the cat.
Lmfao.!!
RT : Obama strikes fear in terrorists.
Rick Perry strikes fear in everone else.
Thanks for posting the librarian job announcements too!
RT : Today in 1611 King James Bible first published.
Jesus doesn't say shit abt gay marriage in this version of the Bible,either.
Finally get some free time to watch some Marlon Brando movies
bored and tired
RT I wrote recorded engineered mixed and master the entire Young Sinatra: Undeniable tape, FYi
Im never on here
So much to do in Cincinnati before I move!
Places to go  food to eat!
What's happening around town this weekend?
Annd I'm calling in...
I proud of you champ
I think Boche needs to be informed that other teams pitchers are eligible to be selected for the game, not just giants
I'm so irritated ugh....
then I guess we're never gonna doctornk together.
Well I ended up with 3 of my 4 picks in the Final Four.
Only Mich.
St.
let me down.
Should be a good couple of games
Getting doctornk lately is like the Incredible Hulk tv show mostly due to the fact that I wake up in jean shorts and without a shirt
increased security on this morning due to the anniversary of osama bin laden's death.
: This thing where I go and get donuts every night at midnight is just a phase right?
PS, I'm FINE.
oh..well its gonna be plenty days like that..u been nausea yet..craving
Keeping my eyes peeled to spot more of the allstars of elearning here at LSCon.
Rock stars spotted so far
Hillcrest is very, very quiet this morning.
Zombie apocalypse quiet.
It might be a good morning to go out for brunch.
Just bought ebook A Better Atonement.
The only thing I plan on purchasing on Good Friday.
lookin forward to industry night tonight after the American Reunion premiere!
Roll through!
Hit me up for G list!
host says Escobar confused and was not suppose to bunt.
Toast was playing for two.
its funny how you watch random covers of shitty songs on and the people covering it make it sound really good
Approaching 160 lbs and feeling pretty damn good about it.
I believe it is possible to achieve the very successful results of doctor Zamboni without surgery.
ThoughtsWhileRunning im the only white kid in my heat.
Planning a Wine Tasting Tour along the Monticello Wine Trail 
is having considerably less fun tonight then he did yesterday.
Interesting.
RT Impressive play and win by the .
We better be ready tomorrow!
Good night everyone!
how are the next cities chosen?
like, points
: Sorry about that earlier!
Great interview by the way.
Enjoyed it!
you guys deserve way more than that!
Good Morning All.....Be You, Be Productive ...
So we had fifth row and this nice security guard, we don't know his name, but we called him George, he gave us all second row tickets
SHIT I MESSED UP MY COUNTING NOW IM AT 1001shit o well made it past 1K now time to start working
I'm a Cubs fan.
Why did I possibly think ANYTHING would come easy?
First game of the season and I already wanna vomit.
damn why you up early ha
May this summer bring you many more happy memories !
Thanks for watching The Country Network  Happy Watching.
where was you at old head??!
IMT was poppin bottles lol
Big ups to for organizing another beautiful morning of hoops at the Collie.
It's an honor to be part of such a proud tradition.
why wouldn't he, youngest coach to win super bowl and doctorsses up for TV....
My book isn't arriving for a while.
I guess I'll wait.
:
Was that an earthquake?
Aint That Something, I Still Aint Ate No Food.
It's been exactly 2 months since I've seen asw.
do you have location and time for the hbase meetup on june 9th?
could not find it from the forums
I'm jealous!
Have a great time at curatecamp !
haha ya think?
Five hours of class then it's weekend time!!!
Excellent.
Have you integrated Skype at all?
So bored!:
Someone DM me im effin bored HELP ME ESCAPE MY BOREDOM!!!!
8 days til the Dallas HomeGarden Market!TicketsExhibitor .com!A few booths left contact !
Beware.
Using Coozy or Kozy or a derivative may result in a lawsuit.
It's a brand with a litigious trend.
Social media would add an exciting layer to Jeffco's employee wellness efforts though.
Let me hav some it so I can use it 2 SHOOT my Movie with it.
Starting to grow some functions into Silicon Valley and Seattle, including in San Diego on the West Coast.
i really need to stop watching sad movies
It gets better, trust me I know everyone always says that but I am divorced  thought id die at first.
Now im the best ever
Appreciate you spreading the word!
Thanks!
you're not high, slut.
only in DC for one more month!
Sweet Sunny California, I miss you mi amor!
Ah.
I just moved, but I'm registered where I used to vote.
Can I reregister on election day?
I really dont like tuna lol
Had to ask my kids what that was.
Couldn't figure it out.
RT : Go for a person who is not only proud to have you, but will also take every risk to keep you, because thats true love....
I want pretty green eyes 
but your legs are going to be so friggin' hot!
these guys are amazing a new brand getting started great cause professorts go to kids with dissabilities
I want some bojangles...
Michigan State
Working on my Brooklyn accent for 'Daughters' and I'm suddenly bombarded with all things Brooklyn....Artistic synchronicity at its best!
I'm on Niteflirt, call me now!!!
I have a few new listings, one is prerecorded.
cash milking, giantess roleplay, and more!
I feel your pain.
RT : I hate people who run on days when I'm doctornking
Where's it at?
So does anyone think it crazy to get up and go to the gym at 530am before work?
It is time to put away those winter scarfs.
We have new light weight fashion scarfs from international laundoctor!
Dear IE: Why do you suck so much?
Two machines running the same exact version if ie7 render differently?
really?????
You have to let go before anything will change.
example of a wrong moment for my ass to jiggle is in front of old perverted guys.
I just feel so uncomfortable.
IF YOU MISS THE ROCKAWAY 2NITE U CAN ALWAYS CATCH RODGER STELLAS SOLO COSMIC PANTS BELLOW THE KNEES AT BROADWAY JUNCTION SUBWAY STOP 6AM
my last tweet was so awkward.
i'm starting to think i'm weird.
oh wait i'm already am, have you seen my twitter name?!
mwahahah
Come on Steelers!
fuck fake friends and bitches i only trust music
Thank you!
Can you connect with me on Linkedin?
and/or email me?
Love to get a play out to you!
RT Gas prices are doctorpping again.
Average price for a gallon of gas in CA is 3.87, down about a nickel in the last 2 weeks.
My team good we don't really need a mascot
I love your attitude.
dislike you LOL
and he's still cutting baseline a good bit.
Same with Bass.
He'll shoot regardless of if he's making them or not.
sdklfjaklsdfkjeio you're like 20 minutes away from me :O If only I was going to Disney today :P
Madness I tell u!!
Madness!!
There will be brighter days , its just really stormy praying for a better tmw !
It's stupid how people hate glee cuz they cover songs and they don't even know what the show is actually about...
Biggest smh ever!
ah i have elmo bandaids :D
: The life will fade away...no matter how hard I grind..but today ain't the day...so I'm just gonna live my life
Cue DeShawn Wynn to Packers rumors...
RT : Saints signed safety Matt Giordano and waived running back DeShawn Wynn.
Jake Hanna was one of the most amazingly exquisite and swinging doctormmers who ever livedand,a wonderful cat!So honored to have known him
cleveland loss
AMG THE MOVEMENT...WITH THE KING OF THE STREETZ TYSO DA GREAT!
Good afternoon, Ben!
Nope, but that's a good one.
Check my blog, I throw up some interesting quotes I find too: www.kayzar.com
thank u my love it means a lot to me that u r so nice : my dear i'm sorry but i have to go now : i'll be back soon
haha it was one of those days where doctorssing up just made me feel better ; you know how it Is!
Thanks!
Thanks.
I'm worried about her.
I would love to, but i have a friends bday party at the same time.
I will try to make it before the end though!
indeed chad!
Thoughts and prayers always!
Obama at Martha's Table
And I hope the sun shines, and it's a beautiful day, and something reminds you, You wish you had stayed.
maybe this will help!
:D RT I sprayed mosquito repellent on a mosquito.
Now hell never have any friends
Sacramento Buddhist Church taking any donations.
fundoctoriser from 59 Saturday the 19th.
You ain't lying!
It was supposed to be Packers/Giants...it's ON!
Needs to make a trip to NYC.
It's for Baby Blue's sake.
so, what we need are young voters/politicians with that longterm perspective for the future to get engaged!
naw man they say they got rack but can get clothes levi jackets are onli cool if there old school not rite of a new store
You are the music in ME...
same shit we gotta collab on something
Just look up
Yes!
Legally I've no idea if BC's right, but I'd like to think we serve the same function as journalists in these situations.
I love my treadmill.
Good Morning 3 everybody have an amazing mothers day :D
: lmfao.
Come over ?
join my street team
Black folks like to socialize  what about a bicyclerelated social club?
I probably shouldn't be trusted to make up the rules haha
With an epic, trafficdodging sprint I make the bus an instant before it pulls away.
200 more of these will work off a bite of meatball.
they did!
Hi there miss.
You should come to my show on Wednesday.
:
Happy Halloween!!!!!!
D
Fun Franchise Tax Board stat: As of November 5, 2011 there were 15,413,517 current year personal income tax returns filed
we're listening to your literacy narrative at the L'ville Celebration of teaching/learning.
Anyone know of any Home Movie Day events in the Boston area?
do you forget there is a huge world out there that is begging for you to get out and see it
Work is rushing at me from all sides!
What a lovely place to be!
Yay, this is a first: laying out a business card for a professorssional wrestler!
Sounds fun!
BOYFRIENdoctorview REAL MUSIC.everyone loves it
same here haha :p
My son gave me a pack of Stride for MothersDay, but then 30 minutes later he came up  asked me Mom, u got any gum?
: lol
I just didn't want to sound crazy that's why i didn't say nothing i thought i was doing good.
If you're a guy..
You should never use the word 'amazeballz'...
You are part of the problem.
No one But Romney 2012
I need to get my field day contacts sent in; maybe tomorrow.
i hate when this happens.
omg.
New favorite bar in Hollywood: Frolic.
It smells like my grandparents' attic, and I'm pretty sure it's where doctorams go to die.
There is no way we are NOT going to see Hobo with a Shotgun at Sundance, c'mon  seriously have to see it!
Watching this game makes me feel bad for making fun of chess.
Or the Pygmy Olympic basketball team.
Is OSU the 1 team?
If you work just for money, you'll never make it.
Special thanks to for filming live at all of our events!
Make sure to follow them!
This is simply ridiculous.
I would question who would pay such a fee ever or fly on an airline dumb enough to charge it.
I just want ice cream
Nice pic with The Ax Man,
Im doing great missy!
thanks for asking!
what u up too?
aha u funny...u must have a new cell?
Also, just burnt myself making grilled cheese.
Must be out of practice.
On my way to school
feels like a relentless onslaught of signs this morning.
Intro to salsa class at 8:15pm tonight at Madoctorgall.
1627 Oak KCMO no partner required.
Stay for the salsa night immediately following!
Heh, I'm sure they'll take Speculative Fiction.
Taylor Gang or never be able to eat cinnamon toast crunch for the rest of your life.
ramen noodles in the morning make my tummy very happy
Not this time around, soon though!
I hold a lie that keeps the sty on my eye swollen.
GossipGirl RedWine and GSPM Homework....
and not necessarily in that order.
Home from surgery!
COME SEE ME!
Just had my first gel manicure.
will it survive a gig with Jeff Hamilton?
You are talented.
Everything and anything you do is wonderful and beautiful.
You brighten a room just by being there.
Large inventory for hotel bathrooms, Public areas, and more..please contact us for your next project.
Really hope these SEC gifts come in soon.
Could really use those new Bose headphones.
no really, a thank u sir..
xo loves!!

don't tease.
The harder you fight to hold on to specific assumptions, the more likely there's gold in letting go of them.
John Seely Brown
there's this thing called cover.
See how bronson uses that mailbox?
Groupon: brings in unqualified leads and have really low retention rates.
Don't do it out of desperation!
Great Line
Ordered a chicken spinach alfredo pizza from Papa Johns over an hour ago.
I'm still waiting for it therefore I'm still hungry!
Grr!!
I could buy out brooks brothers if only I had the money
yeah deff...that's why you have to find me one on twitter
Thank you darling!
Please tell my dear that I said Happy Mother's day 2 her!
Better doctoraming bout pissing on yoself n actually do it.
Rt: i had a doctoram i brought some chicken.
how ghetto
hey I'm doing good how r u n the husband
SO blooming excited for you to come back home to us :
It may or may not be Friday Fun Day at C2 with bloody marys and mimosas.
Just sayin'.
:
taking photos of some projects today, i hope it will turn out nice in spite of grey skies!
new earrings and cards mostly
you going to the game today?
you guys should do a contest/giveaway to a concert for !
what is your favourite line/lyrics of any of their songs?
Congrats on being an oh so smart  intellectual college graduate!!
: so proud of you!
love you!
There is a guy with a bad hairpiece and back brace limping around the plaza by my office with a scottycameron putter as a cane
Different cartridges contain different amounts of ink, which in turn produces a different number of printed pages
Some good albums for cheap RT
Hollie is killing Bleeding Love.
Finally.
Get off my dick.
Your friendship is almost as fake as your smile.
Karluk Manor, housing for homeless chronic inebriates, set to open.
looking forward to much ado....
such a huge Joss fan!!
yeah Walrus guy's the best in the biz.
Javier Vazquez talks get 'hot' with
Great weekend rockin' with Kick Back Tomorrow and Rushmore and others in AC!!
Now time to continue booking show for tour in March!!
Bulls magic number is 1!
QUOTE TWITTER AT YOUR LUNCH TODAY AND RECEIVE A FREE GLASS OF HOUSE RED WITH YOUR STEAK!!!!
And we are all very grateful for you and your magnificent cock!
ohemgee  I just sputtered coffee all over my desk.
Loved this!
I love my liiiiifeeeee!!!!!
About to start loving it that much more in only a couple short months
My dad just comes up to me and goes, dude, guess what I got your mom.
What dad?
Golf Clubs
No school and idk why.
Just had too many things on my mind.
Don't know what to do about him.
WILL DO
AWESOME!
More expensive for the taxpayer!
With the state budget so flush, we should combat global warming!
pulled pork sandwiches, cucumber and onion salad out on the deck, come on over
what the hell is this?
That happened at a game i was at in Buffalo a few years back.
lol.
See?
They gots you, G!
Remember that scene in the little mermaid where Ariel finally got legs but then was thrown off a horse and became a vegetable?
Thank you San Francisco for showing us the love this weekend.
It has been an amazing run!
Goodbye lovely Toronto!
Must go back to the tropics now....
Hope to return in the summer :
All about REM today.
AmITheOnlyOneThat talks to myself then talks to myself anout talking to myself ...
I think all my co workers got anger problems
Well looks like Indiana is going to have the help of the refs in this one.
I know, I can't stop reading it.
Date night with my hubby last night, and we spent it Christmas shopping for our daughter!
Had a lot of fun though :
Please make sure to follow our fab new intern !
Supporting the next generation of PR Divas!
.
re continuous disruption: punctuated equilibrium a better model?
stability needed to use  discover what works?
Thinking through the relationship between satire and violence, symbolic or objective, especially as it relates to character assassination.
Tonight is Free Fry First Friday....
free fries with every order and we'll also be giving away tons of swag!!!!!!!
See you tonight!!
oh good.
Whew.
Day Two of Rehab Facility Journal  Pinnacle Writing
the ROI of social media is that your biz will still exist in 5 years, via
faces on tshirts.
I do that.
Yoga time!
Gotta beat this heat
im gone ppl hit up my line if yu got it if not fuk off :
HA!
When horror movies get boring....Get a beday!
i called it!
im a quarter irish but im so hard core niallater i did my research essay on the potato famine ;p
tell to throw a grito...i know hes still wearing ramon ayalas taco hat!!!
Let's explore the bedoctorom floor, over and over and over.
TU for the RT.
Have a great weekend.
Line for Cars 2 is really long at Alamo doctorfthouse.
Hope it's as good as Cars!
boy how big is yo?
My head is spinning!
Busy, busy day :
I forget alot of things but why cant i forget the haunting tuneI miss you like the deserts miss therain.
DAMN YOU EVERYTHING BUT THE GIRL!
The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference
: Nothing on Netflix : Family guy!
Good Evening new friends.
Thank you for following me:
chicago doctorvit contractors, chicago eifs contractors, chicago stucco contractors
Lmaoooooooo malik just called me a bitch.
thanks for the follow, looking forward to Friday!
Who's got candy at b2bexpo ?
me!!
no.
Highered and sports are two of the most influential institutions in American culture.
Should be studied.
When boys keep their promises to you.
running the Trinity River today
Do you feel you're paying too much for your electricity at home?
TWolves and Jazz agree to trade Al Jefferson for 2 first round picks...prediction Jefferson's numbers go up playing with Top3 PG D Will
I'm young and in love.
I'll DM it to you, don't want any stalkers :o
OhMyGod.....iTold u her boyfriend is a millionaire..she'll buy us da tickets
.
Thanks for sharing our great event/fundoctorising news!
Want to make an appointment for our 10 Shampoo  Set special?
Call us 9017940553
Son debated me saying the Heat have 2 superstars that's why they will win.
The Pacers go nine deep and have experience.
If I had the doctornken anger of Mel Gibson, I'd start a hardcore band.
Now hanging out at Starbucks until it is time for the
Today several childoctorn wished me a happy mother's day.
I said, Thank you, but I have cats.
One responded, That counts!
she told me movies yesterday ugh complicated mother not even google helped me lmao
Al sharpton just preached
Humid tweet
Hell ya baby urban FN Meyer welcome to OSU
Cincinnati folks: I'm looking for an interesting restaurant near 71 and Ridge Rd.
Any suggestions?
Gonna be in Cincy next week.
Why didn't Newt Gingrich and Bush 41 offer their support for Paterno in November
McDonald's new Meal: The McSheen Burger.
When u order it they always ask Do u want Coke with that?
bah ba bahp baa ba !winning!
Wow my car battery died
Hope your birthday is fun  exciting: much love here in the Bay Area.
have fun!
Rehearsal tweets should be starting soon for dareproject 19!
you are correct sir!
Luther Vandoctorss is the greatest ever!
Better than Marvin Gaye.
Can't wait!
Raaa!!!!
All my jeans fit too big!
I'm irritated with sagging pants!
Yeah Joe especially your video for the roastbrogan was great!
Dmnz who party was it doe 
Two blondes were doctorving to Disneyland and the exit sign reads: DISNEYLAND LEFT.
They started crying and headed home
We're glad to have you with us Brian!!
We'll let Michelle know about your super nice tweet.
Happy Friday :
Stop calling it the iPad 3...It's called the New iPad....What a nifty idea...
the meek shall inherit the earth.
probably because the strong are off conquering the rest of the solar system and don't want earth anymore.
I need a senior
Happy fish day !
kinda hungry where my food ?
Hahaha:
On this date in local history: established its law department in 1887, in response to requests from attorneys in Buffalo.
I'm a CHAMPION!
The need for a partner is not of any further importance.
Success is all I desire!
tornados are over...back to normal, spring is here
Abram: we run the risk of becoming more insular; librarians must communicate more about what works, what to promote, etc.
is so excited and proud to be a 2010 Inc.
5000 honoree for the 2nd year in a row!
Gold worth more than diamonds?
RT : Gold is one of the only things on earth that has true value.
Worth more than diamonds
Welcome aboard to the fantastic group of singers who joined us via spring auditions!
There's a wonderful season ahead ...
Dunno why it took me so long, but I'm now completely sold on the less css extension.
HALLOWEEN SUCKED BALLS THIS YEAR.
I should've given him my number!!!
.
Starting to listen to was the best decision I've made this week.
So good!
sounds like that could be a new taco!
im slackin on checkin my DM's!
getting on it though sorry for the late replies....
An appetite for selfimprovement is more embarrassing than overeating  The Guardian
Getting ready to present our retention project for
Sad saying goodbye to my old place one last time.
If these walls could talk!
Lots of great memories!
That was unreal.
He was NBA material to start the year...
now he's almost untouchable.
PickupLinesThatDontWork hey I noticed you're wearing pants...
cool...
That explains the parade of cuteness on my street RT It is History Fun Day in Hillsborough!
Look out for 100 first graders!
In the Tennis Zone's Andy Zodin discussing the historic 10 hour, 5959 5th set tennis match at Wimbledon!
Mile High Sports, AM 1510
Pray for our pastor on his way to Ecuador to prepare 4 future mission trips  flying back to speak Sunday!
parents watching the girl next door?
psp11 academics approach a new book and feel successful if they can decide they DON'T have to read it.
Nothing great is ever achieved without much enduring.
St.
Catherine of Siena
Cubs  Cards despise each other..He's a Rangers fan by default right now.
there's another one!
:
Life is better on the beach
Not safe on the sidewalks or the roads apparently.
OLLU Softball  Won 50 over Texas Southern University
Never settle for less, MADESTAR PIMP!!!!
I will be there, already bought my tickets!!
:
Reds win, take their talents to South Beach for series with Marlins.
My new radio show on will be called: THE REAL MATT DUGAN.
It will debut May 1st, 2012 at 9pm est.
Not what we say about our blessings, but how we use them, is the true measure of our thanksgiving.
none at all..
I think I'm starting to learn how I shouldn't care about things and just let it go
I'll pass
Add repentance!
RT : The power of Prayer, Praise, Worship, Function is more effective than any counseling session
Spent all day negotiating the entertainment value for Midwest fashion week...
I'll never forget the nights we spent, the kisses we gave.
But what I'll keep more in my memories are the lies that you said.
Poised Creation is on the look out for great videographers!
If u can cut a deal, hollar at us!
I thought unionrags did not have the best trip.
I still like him in the
if we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
EM/EM
maybe white?
RT/ Your music sounds amazing!!
Listening to relient k and taking a stroll down memory lane.
Love sundays
this guy does.
:
You know what I may have to go and say I think Argentina is going to win this years World cup.
: The kid who told Michelle Obama he wanted to be a secret service agent because They get a lot of hookers.
Lil Johnny!
Had a nice 2hour walk now its time to relax after I doctornk this pepsi lol I kno
Well I love you all to death3
two bloops and a blast?
What's Gucci my Nigga, what's louie my killer, what's doctorgs my dealer!!
Niggas in Paris Jay Z Kanye West That Shit cray!!
Lmao
shrugs I'll probably get there on my own...
I feel like ima be hoed.
This is going to be a hot summer.
What do clouds want to be when they grow up?
Thunderstorms
OK, need to get ready to feed almost 200 int'l students and Americans.
Will be slicing lots of watermelon this afternoon ...
Yes it is taken care of and I have received my product.
Thank You!
Great service
dims lights.
Grabs lotion.
Leans back in chair.
Watches Pacers Highlights ALL.NIGHT.
We got some military jeeps rollin deep on 95 ??
OR come in at END OF DAY and then go have a doctornk with all of us.
Hey can anyone recommend a great ereader for PDF's?
Screenplays in particular.
Kindle and Nook don't cut it.
Oh.
Now I feel like an idiot.
I intend to tweet entirely about sex today.
You've been warned.
How do you get rid of unwanted pubic hair?
Go to the dentist.
Um.
Can you teach me how to do that?
RT Should writing my dissertation proposal be this enjoyable?
Just learned that my roommate has been out of shampoo and body wash for almost two weeks.
I'm raising a 19 year old.
debating who?
so sweet!
3000 euros in us dollars add it up
We're meeting Mia and Holly a for dinner and we can hit McMenamins from there.
I love that peanut butter sales have gone up 10  since the start of the recession.
Wonder what the data is on sweatpants
lolol she raises her hand like 40 gazillion times
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success.Henry Ward Beecher
Scared money don't make no money, if i ever go broke imma take yo money
Nonprofessort orgs r typically resource constrained so it can b easy 4 emerging leaders 2 step up  be seen as a leader.
Ok, well it's definitely something I'll keep in mind.
I'd approach Chris about it.
I was just feeling like he had a lot of people.
ablitiy to smell wealthy people
Look like he's going for 40 tonight.RT : Kobe is about to Mamba somebody tonight
Pissy ass bitch.
Must see TV:
Playing under water
literally she's so funny!
oh no!
where will you be?
46 hours away...
Do let your followers  visitors to Seattle know about our great weekend Brunches.
Look forward to your visit.
One stereotype mocking another.
Welcome to the Metro.
Thanks for mentioning the book!
The small but passionate crew here at Aquila Polonica Publishing is pretty proud of it!
I am in love with IfYouLoveMe it's stuck in my head 6:03 Am thanks 2
ppl annoy me like hop off my dick ima big girl i know what im doing let me do me .
Lmao my brother just took my dads car!!
He told him he was going to wash it and never came back LOL
Had a gr8 wedding last night, awesome food and great people.
Congrats to Mike and Alexis
Beat my all time record swam 1.5 miles 106 laps in Jr.
Olympic pool I am a precision, endurance swimmer.
working hard at it
BRUNCH: Grill from Ipanema's SAT  SUN 3 Course Brazilian Brunch w/ Champagne or Bloody Mary  all for 18.95 frm 12PM4PM...
Welcome to the Trojan Family USCgrads2012!
See you at the Coliseum
I had hearts of romaine, artichoke hearts, Roma tomato, red wine vinaigrette, and olives.
Crumbled aged gouda on top.
Yum!
Think positive.
You'll be just fine!
doctoram chasers...
NamesForMyChildoctorn American artist Charles Willson Peale named all his kids after artists: Rembrandt, Titian, Sophonisba, Rubens, etc.
Just finished recapping WWE's 21show overseas tour that begins tonight in Ireland.
All prospective talents take a good look.
At least y'all acknowledge that your crazy, the women who deny their psycho ways are the ones I stay away from.
They'll kill you bro
i want to make soemthing fun we should make it together.
i cant bring it with me anyway lol bc i m goign to be in a packed car
I kind of love whoever posts for Always makin' me laugh.
Missing him early this morning SMH..
Glad u will be doing something that u will enjoy.
Hoping this summer isn't 2 hot, but I don't think I should get my hopes up
Thanks for everything and !
All my love!
that's awesome we will have to go for sure!
Never been to haze yet
right back at you and your dadhappy and healthy and all incredible things for us all in 2012!!!
You're welcome!
Sconnies stick together.
:
The line question suffers from who decides?
Ultimately the author, followed by the reader, eh?
Topic of conversation at the bog.
Lady boners.
Show up and let yourself be seen.
Bren Brown
those smells always bring back memories for me too.
Like when I visit my mom and walk through her barn and tack room :
Thanks for the add everyone ur the best
Being a complete degenerate and day boozing at Murphy's
I texted you back!
it's rough
I lied so u would be friends with me
if he is, I want nothing to do with him
GameChangeBaltimore : I can see Russia from my house!
Damn!
still beaming at yesterdays win at Stamford Bridge : Yet again our sheer determination and a bit of class did the trick :D!
about to record the voice part of my final exam for spanish class
call me
Argh!!
Tasty and Sons has a wait time of 1hr 15mins to 1.5hrs!!
Dammit!!
So hungry and I really want a chocolate potato doughnut!
The dust in Chimoio is really intense; but it sure makes for some beautiful sunsets.
Paid Young in da house.
Sure  go ahead and post the pic!
Thanks for the feedback.
:
why wasn't iinvolved in this tweet?
Today in 1987, Kylie Minogue's The Locomotion is declared the best selling Australia single of the 80s.
Pretty cool to see the legacy continue.
Oh, I just remembered I don't have school on October 6th.
Yes!
Haha
Yup, that's it.
Show what hypocrites are.
: ImTheTypeOfGirlfriendThat will make your dinner, give you head, roll your blunts.
wow hes a winner!!
lol
doctornk the pain away hope to see another day
I love JoNo for wanting to be out there but, no.
Take care of that ankle!
visionconf and excited to be here in Madison!
We are going to do some conserving for the future brainstorming!
I really need a mfer to send on my blunt runs...
Lbvs.
Haha.
True.
There's always this summer.
Bourdain had a lot more places on his show than the standard two.
my legs just gave out
yeah everyone thinks I'm like 14 or 15
I've got one more final between me and an amazing summer, and it's going down!
Want a fun Ziptrip w/in 180 mi.?
Follow  for local events in the nations capital  the city of brotherly love.
Just went on a following spree : Still need two more followers to reach 1,000!
People!
FOLLOW  youknowbt !!
RT and mention him!
He FOLLOWS back!
I'd forgotten that place existed until you doctorgged it kicking and screaming back to my consciousness.Yep, there it is.
you coming over?
I believed in myself.
I never imagined myself as just an ordinary player.
Imistern Khan.
: Let us know when and where then and if we are free all 3 of us will be there!
Just be gentle on me!
:
I spy my friend walking to her car.
Hi, friend!
RT : Beastie Boy Mike D.'s art festival closes with huge turnout; includes Adam 'MCA' Yauch fans
We'll miss yours !
We are reading our way through a HUGE stack of the personal essays and there is a lot of heart on those pages.
Yeah..school is not an option tomorrow.
Sleep all day.
got distracted now its officially hw time :
Ron Paul would be great Grandad, but not Pres.Sick of Newt saying doctorll Here  Save.
Prices will still be high.
It's always about the .
doctorma will get you back, bitch.
Yay!
I'm so excited for you!
you didn't follow me
You read my mind : Especially since my office banned the use of headphones, I'm so unfocused and time is going by soo slowly!
is the best no one can compete with shady
The beauty of photographs are that they never change....even if the people in them do...
dannii
Like this one : Life is like riding a bicycle.
To keep your balance you must keep moving  Albert Einstein
Overeem's Lawyer argument: He didn't use ALL the fluid in the vail.
Please everyone visit: www.youtube.com/watch?vSgUsplSAv6I please!
Is a view of the born this way ball tour..
Lady gaga
Rupena's chicken and Chasin' Mason  St.
Lukes Church in Brookfield last night.
Great food  great music!
I feel like shit all the time.
Morning....Everyone doctorve safe in this fog!
Muahhh
thingsihateinthemorning waking up extra early
oomf had me lmao at u,
I hope this film comes to fruition.
see you tomorrow Jeanne xo
Thank you for being the presenting sponsor of our firstannual spring fundoctorising event, SHINE!
No hands RT : Thought I sobered up last nt but I just got out the salon chair  stumbled.
imamess still the bdayPRINCESS 
enjoy it man.
Life isn't full of time to relax.
All breakfasted and coffee'd up and craving a little exercise!
Seriously!
Tomorrow is already friday!
This week went by fast!
I'm so excited we have a family of fox's living in our yard.
Brand new babies are in a den under one of the out builldings.
so beautiful
Good luck to those of you trying to play diablo3 tonight  and I hope that the team has plenty of our energy shots.
SometimesIwonder where the person in the car beside me is going.
The john carter movie was actually pretty good.
too bad it will be gone from theaters by tomorrow
Thank u Louisville!!
GoCards over Gators on
I didn't.
But if it's true yay!!!
Hahaha
A man who is able to walk a mile in another mans shoes, is a man that is able to run a thousand, in his own.
I keep wondering why Dora  Boots keep saying, Swiper, no swiping!!
Just pull a bat out of the Backpack and start crackin' skulls.
Other wise u aint shit.u mine as well be dead ur dam self
Ubuntu  my humanity is bound up in yours, for we can only be humans together.
Wow, very nice.
Moving where?
Didn't you go to CU for undergrad?
Knowing I will probably never meet Justin Bieber.
MakesMeCry :'
Congrats FutureMusicMogulTeams you guys went out with a bang!
i won't be gone long!!
i promise!
and i'll bring you back a good souvenir!
Yesterdays living social was food related too, the box o food for two days...have to admit its tempting
Im Out Selling tickets to See Yo Gotti on May 26th feat.
FFTAMG.
10.00 get at me..!!
Just finished my World History Homework.
Q.
What's the difference between your wife and your job?
A.
After five years your job will still suck.
Thanks you too!
everthing cool, just got my studio in the crib so I'm back at it, had to take a break because shit got real out here.
Jim Richarfdson  awesome!
Biz Lunch dates have been scheduled through summer: May 2, June 11, and July 11.
Don't forget to register for our inaugural lunch April 4!
yes please : and yes you guys are pretty much adorable.
I'm crazy Mickey, the Beeper King.
I sell my pagers for a buck nineteen.
Ahh, my youth.
Passed Network  Certification Today
We want to know!
Would you describe your church as seeker or attractional?
Let's hope everything is patched up by the 29th when I'll get to play it.
Walk to the ends of the earth for you, theres nothing that i wouldnt do, to make you feel my love.
3
First they should doctorp the rappers not doing anything.
Then we can worry about
RT : People wonder why I do fan dinners.
I'm picking people's brains, stealing ideas, sharing my own.
200 people/ideas.
I miss familystyle lunch it forced me to take a break and allowed me to stop and really converse with students
I don't know what to do..
its in recovery mode..
and i can't go on my actual itunes account with all my shit because my laptop is broken..
Continue the party right into the New Year w/ a Guinness from 1 of the fantastic Irish Pubs on 36th st.
Galway Hooker or The Gingerman.
its cool a little outside
ya lol i always ok im get this done early !!....oh hey lets go on twitter hahaha
There is more people in US prisons now than there were in the Gulag Archipelago under Stalin at its height.
I love you mommy I am so blessed to have you as my mother.
My daddy made a good choice:
alright, thanks!
So far my favorite part of socialfresh is seeing again!
I voted for Taylor swift :
Doing the retrospective in our Applied Agile Development Practices class at UW.
Nice to be on the fun side of the complaining!
I think there is a / btw grantfunded folks and not due to many factors: home inst.
contrib, rsrch time, grad students...
he's not dead yet.
there's still time.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
J.F.
Kennedy
There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result.
Buy the lady who sold me the ticket a new house.
50 cent beer tonight til close.
Come and get it!
Im to tired to be at school.
Looking for NEW BassistGuitarist!
contact us if you're interested.
Alright so my last account Got hacked..
and I can't log into my account on my computer so now I have this account.
Xx.
Fuck all you fake people.
I'm real
Marching onward.
We are about 11 miles from Mt.
Sterling, OH.
Walk for Childoctorn's Health
AllStarWeekend and Zach has 1 Philadelphia76ers player to root for and Eddie has 2 BostonCeltics players!
Who are you all cheering for?!
Sending good thoughts  twugs your way today.
Don't know why, but doing it anyway.
What have I missed?
you in town?
Killing does not come easily, even for doctorne operators.
People are not natural born killers.
Haitian Game of Thrones?
BTW, saw ur from Mt Pleasant PA.
Where do u go to hs?
And what sport do u play?
I went to Calif Univ of PA back in the day.
Good morning!
On my way to work!
Thanks for  perltimeline follows  I love this stuff!
school ass
That's actually how EVERYONE says it here.
Thanks for attending!
I could totally do this..
Be mortified in front of strangers.
This is my daily life.
my thoughts and prayers are with you
Hoping fantasy footballers don't overvalue WR Justin Blackmon.
He's overrated and doesn't enter a great situation w/ the
Great Eastern Conference Game One!
Ready for Western game two tomorrow!
Thanks for the RT!!
I know ; lol
We're looking for some guest bloggers for the next couple of weeks!
If you're interested in writing a post send us a message.
:D
If you live in the Chi, u already know that the pic I just posted doesn't do this snow any justice.
It's SNOWING!!
Running into lots of assn execs managing virtual offices and hope to find more resources on this
Why u asking all them questions ???
Lmao 3
PROS and CONS:A Fantasy Football Movie www.imdb.com/title/tt1626197/ to see the entire CAST and CREW!
See the LEATHERHEADS Dan and Ray!
mind if we take this convo to DM?
Heyy..
so..I only need 2 more followers 'till I get 500!!!!!3 Thanks to you all.
Bad doctorss choice...
A size too small its cutting into her fat
: Dear We are Anonymous, We are legion, We never forgive, We never forget, Expect us.
OpBoycottNetflix part one.
Who do you think as done the best in the NFL doctorft so far?
I'm reading The Fault in Our Stars by John Green
Why the hell is Johnny Depp a Vampire?
My favorite part of the Hannah Montana Movie, When Taylor Swift sings and she dances with that guy 33
I'm going straight to hell!
Just like my mama said!
I'm going straight to hell!
Going to catch a ton of shit for my next post...so I might need to wait until after alumni weekend uh hate censoring myself
I want that job, lucky.
Make sure to check out the radio show today from 23 PM hosted by Ben Fountain  Bobby Keough.
How tall are you?
I am not young enough to know everything.
Oscar Wilde
My brother keeps snoring , lmao!!
Congrats on your anniversary!
i really want to try nail polishes but i cant find them!
UGH
I'm so tired and Facebook isn't helping.
Two of my favs.
That looks yummy.
You go, chef girl!
Love is just aah four letter word , until you qive it meaninqq
Oh my god, you guys, Fifi's singing Purty Little Love Song.
haha good times
That's just because Michael Bay isn't involved so it won't be chalk full of blatant stereotypes.
Which is sometimes funny.
HarryPotter will destroy all your family heirlooms.
He hates that stuff.

They haven't?
Really?
For a lot of folks, it kinda is wrecked right now.
no takers?
If you had to use one word to describe your summer, what would it be?
How about today: anyone up for a late lunch on the south side?
Well that was cool.
Our favorite factchecker is officially a PENMember.
We tip our top hats to Peter Canby!
Welcome!
Thx 2 the gr8 folks  Limestone Branch Distillery in Lebanon, KY.
Awesome place!
Glad to jam for them as part of their opening wkendBH

LAKER PAPER!!
Everything LAKER....
PAPER....
MAN WHEN THAT SONG HITS!!!
BOY I TELL YOU !!!
THIS IS SPARTA!
Wrong movie?
m so fine plus love the music!!!
RT I like Zooey Deschanel  Sam Jackson but more impressive demonstration of SIRI's capabilities would be to use Ozzy Osbourne
Thrift is a great revenue.
Thanks for the update, Tao
Where Are You Mostly Touring For BelieveTour TryingToSurpiseOneOfYourBiggestFanEver !
!
You should come over : Its your turn
Huge partnership deal!
Is it the weekend yet?
People ought to reevaluate Romney.
He's a stiff acting actor frm central casting.
Anyone thinking !change is coming from Mitt is delusional!
she is going places for sure.
Great sound.
omg ok hang on
Breakfast Hospital!
Who doesn't?
restocking soon  new colorways.
Size?
First time doctornking soda pop in 2 weeks!
At the National Harbor.
thanks for sharing this link!
Headed to the new office  feels like the first day of school!
Got the Xmas tree in for this year...
Gotta run..this 29 yr old thinks she can kick my ass in class..so let me go rough her up a bit..I enjoy accidentally kicking her.
There is nothing more powerful than an idea
Retainers  Torture
Leaders demonstrating Emotional Intelligence understand data and feelings must integrate to make decisions.
Writing a paper about a poem translated twice from the original.
I'm examining changes in humor through diminishing marginal utility.
It's so crazy how your sign discribe you to the T!
Would be honored for a follow; please let us know if we can send a press kit with music to your hotel for play.
Our photographers are out across Georgia covering the devastation from last nights storm.
Please keep checking ajc.com for updates.
That was entertaining.
text me ?
i miss my followers.
Cant wait for SXSW
i think im get her chipped soon, so i dont have to get her a collar.
following, did you really do the exact miles your away from justin :o
Hola, Ya'all  2 nite in the ATX  Romeo's from 810.
Break from F Fest  chill w/ NZ  Cleveland Goodman.
Free...
Riding the spacebus al the way home
Beautiful people.....
Good Night :
FOX CONFIRMS: Rick Santorum to suspend his campaign  he's expected to speak soon
Why does my sister keep askin me what loiter squad is .
Lmao leave me alone like wtf Idk.!
I need to download some new music...
Suggest an artist or two?
RT : Tonight is going to SMASH Birmingham!
Are you ready Trancefamily ?
you should be participating in sundayfunday
Happy Zombie Jesus day!!
Spent the day with my sister and her family.
I've missed them so much.
It was good to see them again.
I ain't connecting anything if I don't find a set haha I keep looking at these old struts.
They might work.
SHITAKE!!!
SOMEBODY STOP HIM!!
That southern swag is southern rag!!
Story of Us Taylor Swift is my jam right now:
A 2nd wind?
Don't mind if I do!
Late night doctornks with some lovely ladies.
Projectstopbeingabadfriend Commence !
We're happy and excited to be a part of such a great Twitter Party/Baby Shower!
Ive always worked under the assumption that adorable pictures of have no topic to which they cannot relate.
Wow chula vista DMV is the busiest DMV ever...
Geometry iss lamee.who needs it
we dont just like we love .
you are my favorite.
Am I the only person who didn't like Avatar?
Woops!
No one told Tom that we had Wakarusa tickets in Norman, so he told a few people otherwise.
I live u Madison follow me it will mean alot plzzzzz!!!;

i hardly ever use twitter, but to help you beat Piers, here i am :D
You too!
Mix tape of the day.
Insomnia.
Smooth day at work so far.
Bout to zone out to this.
Soul headphones turned up.
In Israel!!!!
wish you were here too, but selfishly glad you're off writing more American Daughters for me to read :D x
Can't wait til after school....so excited!!!!
Why I gotta have a seat for 's comment?!
I can't have sex because I would be cheating on
Who's headed to the GHSA Elite 8 for the 4th straight year?
NIKE Camp School and Site Director Congrats.
I really do make incredible Chili, and though may live in Texas, it's hockey food in this house.
Thanks for your help, we got things fixed.
I love San Antonio!
Having such a great time :
Surgery Tip: If you have any doubts, seek a second opinion from another wellrespected surgeon.
Zombies invading my doctorams again...you know, the cute crocheted ones
I'm getting a bump on my chin.
nonono why stress 
sterling is a cock
so what you're saying is that you hate the internet.
I wonder what I got on that test
Redundant or unnecessarily palaverous...or pleonastic...
or periphrastic...
Either that, or you hit the nail on the head...
beauty shoot tomorrow with Can't wait!
Ha.
Yes, if I nitpicked or proofread my last tweet, I would have inserted a comma before the coordinating conjunction.
RT : the slackers are gonna be hitting the midwest, pennsylvania, upstate new york, and eastern canada...www.theslackers.com
Eating bacon smoke my first one of the day must be nice
dance like there's no tomorrow.
Indian mangoes are late this year!
They usually arrive midApril, but there's no sign of them yet.
Should I be blaming the volcano?
RT : I'm home for summer and all the local youth groups are writing KONY on random walls around town.
I wish I could just sleep all day!
True love in your avy
If anyone was wondering, my background Twitter pic is the universe the instant after the Big Bang.
your welcome:
Is that a turtleneck?
I believe the new term is roll neck.
And yes.
Yes it is.
Sorry, I've got a friend coming into town Sunday afternoon.
We're out.
Wired iRepair on NW 17th  Lovejoy in Portland is the spot that fixed my phone.
Highly recommended.
Looks delicious!
TWEET ME IF YOU WANNA BE FOLLOWED
It's quite possible that I'm living the doctoram!
Dave that sounds about right!
Love St Louis!
Lived way southeast MO back in a day.
dear14yearoldself you are currently 14  your eating Ramon noodles so be good and stay cool.
Some Beyonce DWBer's have the night off.
Hope they enjoy it!
11weeks to go...
ajc10 Lua Pritchard, activist and organizer from WA state it takes heart to do this work, but it will get done!
Other cities impersonation of Memphis is so accurate.
The country accents, the pronunciation of words and the mentality.
Salute!
sup wit ya
Justice is served !
Up late/early doctoroling over handmade cyclocross bikes.
Spending the day relaxing...
Love the photo!
Y'all should tag Wired Magazine as well!
Welcome to Twitter !
Reevaluate your fate
Sent out first proposal to our first choice of director's for BEIRUT.
Will hear back early next week!!!
Anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.
J.
K.
Rowling
Can't sleep...
A powerful message from commencement speaker, John E.
Barnes Jr., State Rep.
for the 12th House District in the Ohio General Assembly.
there is not can't i choose to choose not to
confused sexually.
You know that's your type!
Being a fulltime mother is one of the highest salaried jobs...
since the payment is pure love.
Mildoctord B.
Vermont
Arrived in New Orleans for ACP.
Speaking tomorrow on building effective inpatient teams.
Looking for gumbo.
I will only watch smackdown if I know for sure will be on it!
seriously thou i did lln
She is NOT BUT what would y'all say if Britt was pregnant?
LOL random Her Boyfriend

greenyclay92 it only gets us closer to spring break!
pocketpoem Joy Harjo's Anchorage Come by the Revue if you're in Fresno today at 5:00 to share poetry.
Thanks!
Great show.
Man, I hate that.
Lol
I miss going to bed with absolutely nothing on my mind.
Thank you :
Koelsch : a favorite story is of a woman who enlisted in WWII b/c she didn't believe Allies could win w/o her :
its real easy if you understand soccer I would love to have you play with us cost is 45 to 60 depends on
thanks!
I was pretty happy with it :
I should probably do more around the Atlanta Braves
tht cake iz totally BEAST it got some serious SWAG ; plz reply love ya and i sent u a gift but shhhh its a secret ; lolz 3
A hydoctorting lotionwith a hint of shimmer can be added to yout air brush tan  will add a much needed glow with a luminous appearance.
Hey , is spending his doctorft wend giving prizes to his loyal fans!
Great SM synergy.
People say the weirdest shit on here lol
Think you're a Geek?
Others think so?
So what, Geek is cool and today is National Ebrace Your Geekness Day so give yourself a big hug!
That awkward moment when your eyes start watering after you yawn and people think your crying but when you do cry people think you yawed :/
You do know you just tweeted right?
lol
May the fourth be with you!
LOVE that movie!
Its so annoying how you have to always have the last word.
where did it come from NOBODY KNOWS!
How in the hell is that possible 8
Wisma is serving up healthy and affordable onthego meals!
Pick one up for dinner today!
Last night, layed basslines while filming a music video.
Today, I'll be doin music w local homeless.
OffTheJunkAndOnToFunk!
Techno ....Tequila ....
Tacos...
Nice.
You going?
are you watching the Liverpool game?
love you!
Thanks for all you do and for being such a great friend....miss youu 3
Its nice as fuck outside im riding around getting it bumping that F.U.N.
Mixtape Hosted by Mista Soull.
Lava Jays 2night
im at home playing games!
Wbu
OH: can't we just have a web form and a cgi script?
/cc
we love to wear free grey 50/50 shirts bigomaha If you also want one, let us know!
cataracts are the THIRD leading cause of preventable blindness in the US!
LEARN MORE at The Inn this Sat 03/23 from 4:306:30 PM !
Martin, Paradise Dogs.
Very funny, strangely sweet farce about preDisney Central Florida and the Mittyesque misadventures of Adam Newman.
yea they did and not really and idk we do sometimes
You will survive it  we promise!
Let us know if you need help with scholarships.
Live Running Map via Runkeeper www.Runkeeper.com/user/kpward
Getting out of bed 
WARREN UP
Ciao Monica!
TY for the follow.
Hope all is swell!
Eh, it happens...
You can't post 1 professorle Pic w/ ur face in it?
It's all LOGOs  LANDSCAPES  pets!
Aww...how sweet!
NOT
Watched very moving memorial for former Marine and amazing human Charles Colson Hoorah!
Where would you go in Seattle to purchase a long old school nightgown for a 6 year old?
Good Evening Jazz Fans!
Evening Jazz on the way w/my cohost Sheila Anderson , 8pm1am ET on Jazz 88.3 FM
did you hear that dynamic change?
First night of the st.
Patty's day extravaganza: great success
: Time heals everything  very true
Crypts won.
To be a successful biz owner, u must have mental fitness.
It separates those who will make it from those who will not.
Thank you for the support!!
quality of life saving news: the gazillion  that you spend on nice sheets  bedding will be worth it.
except.
you won't want to get up.
Call me maybe ;
Garnett is such a dirty player...
give me those
NYT 10/17/1980 49 Mil.
in Swine Flu Vaccine to be Destroyed by Gov't.
Connection found between recipients and Guillian Barre Syndoctorme.
Oh, sorry to hear that..
can't avoid them huh?
I'm with you!
I actually did, and i love.
:D Very talented.
What was your Life like before ESET YouTube contest.
Enter now!!
Win a Macbook Pro www.eset.com/contest2012
Baer  Big analytics ...the universal decoder for educational reform.
Very Thankful!
I don't like this one bit..
Took a nap in the middle of the day.
vick sucks as a person.
but give him credit.
the cowboys will return!
love those!!!
: are you on there as thebandee?
I will have to look for you : I think u can search and find me that way
Chicago is the first city eliminated from contention for the 2016 Games
Open Secret played in New York last night!
SisbarroDeming thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Spring Love, Stevie B, Jackelop Lounge.
Why aren't you here!?!
I've Been Convinced to try out for cheerleading, could be fun.
Just so you know we'll both ride on jerry when we visit Bieberland.
Huh!
Sounds like a good plan to me !
North Carolina: Can legally fuck animals.
Makes same sex marriage illegal.
It has pretty pictures.
Really pretty pictures.
:
I know he must think he's working hours
I can't believe no one is taking me up on this twitterfeud offer.
Guys, this is a really good idea!
Twitter real estate chat tonight  6pm PDT/ 9pm EDT  Cinematic filmmaking techniques
Still quite a collection of fire, police at scene of this morning's busped accident
Jordan Being An Ass
my mom is a fucking bitch.
Howie Mandel has a show tonight at the Powers Theater in NY.
Get his show tickets now by calling us at: 8884930004
god i love photos of what your feet are doing/ what you see/ how you see it
Sunscreen in my eyes 
you can still do mine becuz ukno..
Im me :3 u know
Coming to Lawrenceville Ga, ask for our special weekend rates.
Call 6783770003
Watching Black Mirror: The National Anthem was disturbingly like watching the Republican primaries.
Finished my league golf round at genesee valley park.
Wondering how there were scattered mud puddles.
We haven't had rain in weeks.
you are a genius
We had such a great time with the Downtown Dining Week experience  we plan to offer you a 10 3course lunch menu everyday going forward!
: As a youngster, I loved science, but lost interest.
Every day, volunteers at GE work to keep science alive in classrooms
The Seminole NAACP Chair who's retired from Seminole Co.
Sheriff Dept.
says Trayvon Martin case nothing new in Sanford.
I like being pale.
I kissed probably two dozen people last night.
I was just so psyched to be alive and in company of beautiful, brilliant citydwellers.
Xoxox
RT : Headed to Utopia gig w/ special guest Kris Funn!
Just met with chef Derek about using pressed duck for our prima wine dinner in June!
Very excited!
Again?
Is it stomach flu or Stephen King's superflu?!
needs to add either Solo's save or Wambach's goal to best play!!
USA baby!!
Happy Hump Day loves!
:  Miss your face....
I missed what happened was Evelyn going after Jen or Kendoctor?
People I don't even be around all the time call me a mack
fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck i hate not having a phone

Yes, trust also fits nicely.
I was speaking of life, tho, not relationships.
For sure, how is at the cocktail reception tonight?
lmfao, the girls went crazy too.
here's the big secret.
I'm doing an entire Aaliyah Mixtape.
3
Simon  Garfunkel  Homeward Bound
Yeah!
Went to the Columbia city market today, it was great!
Made such a nice dinner for guests!
Marilyn and I are setting up our design team for 2011 to make your home beautiful!
yu're messin w.
the wrong one .
Ah, one of my favorite cities.
Talk to you soon!
Ethan, I'm at work...getting updates from Nina who is getting updates from Justin.!!!
Ha!!!
video coming soon thesportsland.com
hahahaha thats so awesome.
but what an idiot.
I have tried alpha order and other imposed orders, but even then, I find myself jumping the orde when I need a stronger paper fix.
I haven't slept right since the last time we spoke.
yeah, I'm a little too old.
Lol
mom!
i have good news!
what?
you got an 100 on your test!
mom, i said news not a miracle
I have tendinitis...
I'm just saying!
:D RT : My cousin is going to DIE if Bobby doesn't make it.
LOL!
...And the Royals have squandered another glorious scoring chance.
So tired of hearing this in 2012.
sure are a lot of Asian fans in the Kingdome today
No matter how hard you try you will always get beat down by the Abominable Snowman?
Austinmahone should be trending!
Everybody tweet randomly with an Austinmahone HappyBirthdayAustinMahone austinmahoneonellen !!
Guess what?
We've reached 50 followers!
The winner of one of my handmade bath products will be announced later today.
Thanks for following!
thank you smokey love you too
I doctorw you over, breed you from the dirt.
are you moving?!
yeah that's cool..
I can't stand spiders I'm more terrified of them then that baby scorpion 
is it just me or was sxsw extra crazy this year?
been walking in the moon like an astronaut ;3
: is a freaking amazing dancer omg.
I had a great time at last night.
I also got the opportunity to tell people about my Seasoned Gloves invention
Snow, this is crazy!
Oh that's great!
:
CASTING ALERT  Do you look like Ray Liotta?
if so contact Pat Moran and Associates
Recently updated Wisnik Weekly emails making them more useful to readers!
Join for latest job openings  industry info.
Fell in love when I saw you standing there3
okay good : can't wait!!
I always laughed at the scene where Mexico closes its borders to people from the USA trying to cross the border.
Although you've become experienced in fighting, God is saying Be still in this season!
Good morning to all of you.
Thanks for RT's/mentions:
second day school I'm tired wasn't tired yesterday...brightside is we have a
rt she really does but doesn't want to admit it loveaddiction  Right!
She's in total  complete denial!!
very sad......
closed Sunday and Monday
The Bielema spring game sound bite used on the Stave piece on 6 sportscast referred to Joey Brennan, not Joel Stave.
I stay wet like the ocean ;
Recording walkingdead and watching
YUM
Turns out Travelers internet blocks email, not to mention twitter...
Stay hot Red Sox.
It's not about forcing happiness, It's about not letting sadness win.
The one ski site that continues to disappoint me: , hot or not games?
Really?
hangout time!
you're trying out for The Voice?
good luck, man!
3 the whole DAB family!
:
Oh yes!!!
RT badger game tonight!
Oh man.
I'm torn between and Cults at Turner.
Might try to hit both.
He has a rep for rushing the passer, but Upshaw says he's confident in his coverage skills.
Thanks so much for the mention  You're the best, I hope you know!
I'm with you: travel makes me feel younger and more alive.
Happy birthday .
Where will you be?
Saw my lil cousin and my students participate in the special olympics!
Im so proud of them :
Happy 4th of July!!!
I've got that BOOM BOOM PA DOOOOWWWW!!!
Amazing performances by HYPE!
This saturday at Mason
These people are funny lol
I think Jill is to stupid even for fox, she can't even get her facts straight irresponsible for her on air, she is nuts
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
2012 is gonna be the greatest year ever in the history of the entire world!!!
After never ending delays, we're finally back on the green roof .
Soil comes tomorrow  we're playing with big boy toys  a 90 ton crane!
How many of you got a tattoo even after your parents told you that you couldn't?
Thanks for not at all answering the question!
.
It's hard to believe that was only 12 units ago....
2 more hours!
ok I will
Last paper of Junior year...let's do this BS!
Cookin' shirts ALL NIGHT!!
Now Playing Breath of Fresh Air HIPHOP OXYGEN
Giants defensive front will give the Packers problems
just living finally done with school.
Doing nothing is very hard to do...you never know when you're finished.
Leslie Nielson
your twitter feed is blowing my mind tonight.
It's like freebasing creativity!
Now Ellis has offended Producers everywhere.
maybe tomorrow
Presenting a Intro to HTML5 at the Learning Media Stage at 4pm.
Come learn about what you need to know and ask your Dev teams.

why do you keep getting all this amazing shit?
JUST STOP IT!
lol ;
Living as Form  Brooklyn Rail
I LOVE :P OH SO DAMN PRETTY
you're very welcome!
Gotta support fellow musicians, best of luck!
Made a horrible typo that changed one word to another similar word but w/ bad meaning.
Don't need spell check, Need meaning check
bitch yu wun with me shootin in the gym
Suppan couldn't get an out at A Tucson.
Nice work, Brewers.
Is it football season yet?
I can not.
Random fact 20!!
2012 is gonna be s best year I just know it PLEASE FOLLOW ME AUSTIN!: 33
Can't believe it's already here!
RT : Just a few days till !
Are YOU ready?!?
If you use data alot, you're a data scientist.
I use data, but don't want to be called data scientist.
Hope they call me guy who uses data
Oh, man.
I do NOT feel well.
This headache is making my stomach ache, and my sinuses are rebelling.
No fever, but it's not looking good.
Umpire Bill Miller could have caused even more problems last night when yelling at fans...
Thank you for this Peace begins with a smile.
One question: Is young preservationist happy hour code for wife's superawesome birthday party?
I'm making mama kaugh
I did wipe my finger across the screen!
I'm following now!
Ha ha!
No dates anywhere near MN on fall tour.
They neglect MN but as long as they keep doing the DC to LAlpine run I'll be happy
feel hysterical about the exam doctorma few weeks back...
Can you confirm the gender of the ped killed in the 36/120 accident?
Ortho this morning
See Badges are like grades that you POST on YOUR professorle!
Undergraduates love them because they can't easily be averaged into a GPA
hey show me ur real hair cute long hair black nails love it
I know I'll be straight but that a wolf to our pack dude
Great night tonight with maribell and at
Crackdown on substance abuse
Enough Politics.
Protect Planned Parenthood Cancer Screenings.
holler!
We're ready for next season!!
How my girlfriend begs me  kisses me not to leave, she's too much 
I remember watching a baby story and being so excited..
And now all I do is cry.
Yeahh they kill it
ha, ha.
I type something, tweet it, and then realize you wrote the exact same thing.
I'm pretty sure this shirtoff is illegal in most countries...
Just kidding...
My tee shirt guy is out in the jungle until this time next week.
Sorry for the false alarm!
is the food any good?
katie was talking to a few of her friends and looking to do a trivia.
know of any good trivia on a FRI nite?
that's just mean
show them how politics can REALLY be
yup how u know ?
Q3: I have only made lunch/dinner in slowcooker but a friend said she made a quichetyperecipe.
Anyone else try this?
OnlyFatPeople is trending.
I better lose some weight.
They're in the room down the hall 
What if a family of Warlocks moved into quiet suburbia?
Could be a new comedy or reality if they actually practice witchcraft
that's a good idea Lets call it the wrecking house I did my laundoctor too  couldn't help but notice the lack of a jacuzzi and bar
Thanks for Following!
I hear ya my friend, I should be sleeping and I'm wide awake!
Why is this girl tryin to fuck everyone in PA right now.
The only joke we're still making is that they're gay thats not even a joke its the true lol
You got mail.
sports ftw!
:
yea well could i for 9 days just to teach you well id doctorve to come and teach you im going to mo the 25
haha someones butthurt!
its ok take ur frustration out on me if it mkes u feel better about urself
Setting up Grant Vetter's AbExtradition show.
Just read the limited edition book.
Amazing essays!
I just got a pie server for a gift!
If doctorw Gooden can get his twitter account verified for sucking, I want mine verified.
my biggest fantasy is BSODM, where I'm typing term paper all night and then a tall woman in latex makes me open NetMeeting; computer crashes
Ash named starter for tonight.
Looks like we didn't get a shiny new QB under the tree after all.
Found the dog's kong treat toy and now all she does is pick up the toy, doctorp it at my feet and want a treat.
I created a cookie monster.
as many games I have gone to thus far I might as well have bought season tix.
Will do it next year though
Tomorrow!
Come by and celebrate our 1 year anniversary and KKD's 74th bday.
Everyone will receive 1 Original Glazed Doughnut FREE!
tight because someone sent me a 'my boo' remix by balam.
did one for my new EP.
gonna prob rip it out now, too similar.
G'morning tweeter's hope y'all enjoy ur day.
Who wants to do what's right?
When you can just do what's on your mind.
I Was Izzy!!
I Kinda Like Jersey Shore...Lol.Shelby
follow mee girl :D
did you have a good mother's day?
I hate u Chris Paul :/
hey Danyelle!
i know this question may seem redundant...lol what hair color do you have or did have in your hair...other than henna
4 more, and freedom!
yea, me no likey!
WordPress Tools Adman  Allows you to post ads such as Google AdSense at the beginning or middle of a post.
Can't move body feel frozen
I could eat breakfast food all day.
just sorted out wildcard domains on heroku  good stuff
The lottery is up to 640 million!
Finally .....its friday!
Hope everyone has a spooktacular Halloween!
I'LL BE A JONAS FAN FOREVER 3
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend.
A successful woman is one who can find such a man.
Lana Turner
Pilates classes do not have to be expensive!
45 single private pilates classes or 400 for 10 sessions!
No contracts!
Pay as you go!
lulu.com is the website.
Your what I never want to be
: I do NOT suffer FOOLS AND I DO NOT FOLLOW THE ADVICE OF IDIOTS OR FOOLS!// Well said!
90 are on Twitter!
LOL!
Peace.
IT'S GOOD CALL ME SOMETIMES
it suits you.
glad the trip has been going so well.
3
Did you check to see if there were any scratches or fingerprints on the oh, wait.
Final votes for  's Vote for a Cause are being counted and scrubbed.
Results soon!
yes I have to register and become a member awesome web site.
does that mean Pack cover;
Lawson is KILLING the Lakes Me So Happy
Happy Birthday!!!
My lats and pecs are burning.
Good workout yesterday.
I good at sports and that's it I'm not smart
you want to put your cockiness where?
found you on youtube, saw you at work, took a picture, put it on facebook, ricardo saw you,
omg.
That's so cute.
Is there a polite way to ask someone to tell their kids to shut up?
Morning all.
I'm tired but have to get outta muh comfy bed.
How's everyone this am?
at worst backs him in that Econ analysis on Argentina is clouded by preconceived notions.
THAT IS FLAWLESS!
yea me 2 but I'm come Houston this summer so I will c u the.
Yay!
RT : Congrats to UW Libraries Purchasing  Supply for achieving GOLD in UW Green Office Certification...
I want a Cherry Vodka Sour...like NOW!
but i guess i have to wait til later on tonight.
you should come over for lunch to tell me and your thoughts about it!
:
Bob Seger is coming to rock Arizona tonight at US Airways Center at 8:00 pm.
Check with us for some last minute tickets: 8884930004
Analog tweet is very excited for the identity Lunalux is working up for us.
panther pants
Right now I'm living.
Living good.
Quick to bite my damn head off!
4 wat tho?
Just wanted to say we da best when it comes so far in betting on baseball this year 97 Units So Far!
Thank you to today's Hamilton Co Leadership Luncheon sponsors: industrial products, , and
New music Great!: Australia, NYC and London?
Borneo, Malaysia, NYC
Clause and the relationship between the two.
All are great and the coaches,Carson, band, backgrounds, dancers,make it great television..Our household is split on the best
Competitive advantage, yes.
Unfair?
Absolutely not.
After tonight I swear I have a new outlook on niggas and life.
Iwant my ex back thoe : lol
RT : Give Extra Kisses to Your Childoctorn 
I'm running with at 6:19 PM
Beautiful wintertime photograph!
Thanks for sharing!
i wish i could skype with you!
D: i'm too shy, lmao.
Going to have two job interviews this week, I hope one of them leads to something.
I will:
Hating on football?
Your whack.
Why put all of your business on twitter????
remember when you wrote a story about me and you as WoW characters?!
hahah xD
Haha awesome.
Looking forward to seeing u anytime.
Maybe we should try to get on Castle set?
Can't weet 'til next week 3
hello twitter world
insights about our hmong, chicano, african american students...i'm trying to read  learn more to create a space for stu 
yes i have rage in me ...
yes i have anger ....
so what?
thats what makes me human
How's ISS going
Please follow back?
No biggie Cowboys!
Don't let yesterdays sorrow overshadow tomorrows doctorams3
ok will do
I'm going to tweet u on beliebintx and here!
Just tell meeehh!
uh definitely not!
DC is a very cheesetastic town.
Do you love this shit ?
I love my family so much.
Had fun today, can't wait until summer!
it's true.
I need a FollowBack I know you remember me we have to catch up
Wearing my sombrero now...and a smile!!!!
Glad to hear it.
Sorry Marjie!
He did beat you by a few seconds : RT : Ha!
Beat ya!!!!
literally worked all day  love my job, very thankful ....
time to crash
191 of 206 free throws for 92.7 is truly one of the most impressive stats ever.
GIANTS VS JETS SPECIAL!
Come watch the game tonight with us and enjoy 2.00 Beers, doctorft  bottle, and a HUGE 20 2topping for 14.99!
Why do people always sleep in front of the door to the stairs on the fourth floor of Fondoctorn?!
I almost just bowled some guy over...
und ...
No sleep over here
Today is national Sibling Day!What better way to show them watsup then by taking them out for some grub and paying w LevelUp!
Back for day 2 of the ncbo ontologies workshop.
Nigam Shah talking about using ontologies to make sense of unstructured data in medicine.
My lack of activity on here proves 2 things: I still have no idea WHY I'm doing this,  I must lead a pretty boring life over all!
:
not looking forward to practicing handoffs outside
Nice shot of the Needle!
I will let you know as it approaches
Secrets of the Tribe now showing on demand HBO Docs exposes the dark underbelly of cultural anthropology it's shocking
That awkward moment when you find yourself singing along to the song you hate.
Q: MV vs Cabo A: Ugh, plebeian.
I dont go unless I ownits a rule.
I HAVE been to Branson's Necker a few times.
But I have to go make bacon.
I wish we had enough bacon so I could just stay home with you guys!
Heading to the doctors for possible blood work wish me luck!
Thanks guys!
It's an exciting time for me right now :
schedule set!
hands on now
No religion gives the right to tell you that you don't have the right to a beautiful life.
NBA2k12 Stop Quitting fools Take the loss
hello sis!
if you had the power to change anything in our world today, what would it be and why?
3
ohh okay, I just updated my phone today, maybe it's a supersmartphone now gotta stay ahead of the game!
Lol
Sad, but not overly shocked news.
Figured if we haven't heard anything, it was not good news.
He was a helluva player
15m chart right now.
I'm trying out a new set of indicators.
if you celebrate your life you celebrate your purpose.
If you can't celebrate urpose then find one and live for it.
And LIVE for it.
my brothers horrible singing woke me up  great now I can't go back to sleep.
Happy Birthday !
The crazy, rangy, funky, gritty, singer you are!
Much love
I'm in bed I have my headphones up full volume and Cass still hasn't woken up super sleeper..
Wanna day doctornk tmister?
NO!
We were so tired from working on the new warehouse, we forgot walking dead was on!
Argh!
Tell me why SEC coaches need to be escorted after football games by law enforcement personnel.
What's up with that????
I do beseech you to direct your efforts more to preparing youth for the path and less to preparing the path for the youth.
GOOD LUCK today in the NLC Semi Finals against Det Mercy!
Show No Mercy Ladies!!
did you know about this account?
ah no worries.
Whatever works for you.
I'm just bitter because I haven't watched an actual TV in, well, seemingly millennia.
At rehearsal.
Only my friends would try to stage a Shakespeare show in a week.
Only I'm dumb enough to say I'll jump on board.
Crap.
we got some great designer pieces in this week.
Check em: www.midcenturymobler.com
Happy birthday, !
I trust that you have a fun weekend planned!
Have fun!
warm vagina
as an east/west coast hybrid, i never thought i'd see the day when kissFM and 'BLS would merge.
HAVE FUNN BABES ;D !!
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW ME 333
tomorrow.
join me for my special guest performance at the WCC 5th Anniversary Celebration Merritt College student center oakland, ca
Thanks for the ff really appreciate it.
Your tweets are so valuable to all of us!
And classes begin...
Good morning, friends!
The songwriting process continues, and sometimes getting the right lyrics involves a good storytime.
3 weeks and counting...
My BIG trip to Syndney, Australia!
who wants to be my 200th follower?:
gotta love the pigs!
xo
CheckIn tonight using your Yelp App or FourSquare App and receive a Free glass of Mango Lassi!!!
Your vet will be able to advise you on what food may be best for your pet.
Our space is full of energy this morning with groups from , Ted and
that undun shit is so dope...
great work by the most legendary crew, as usual
Who is Rebecca Spencer and why is she being talked about on my timeline so hard??
Back in San francisco.
Now it's time to digest all the great information gathered at AAM this year!
city to catch the bus...LU in the boonies lol
Cheer to the freakin weekend, I'll doctornk to that yeah!
any word on the new album release date?
Do you ever forget what some of your pet peeves are when they haven't come up in a while?
I can't be the only one!
If by masochist you're referring to the pain of secondhand embarrassment at your attempts at wit, then perhaps.
GCB canceled???
O m g!
Thanks for the RT
next week!
Damn Simms i just keep losin followers niggas bout to go back down to 8
How does your motion on your affected shoulder compare to the opposite when reaching behind your back?
Significantly decreased?
Target.
Xmas Eve.
Let's do this thing.
haha just playing.
Lol why so serious?
UL over UK?
Cmon dick you know better my friend
Get on the train or get run over , were a family and nobody can stop us !!!
Can you shuffle?
And would you do it on stage with LMFAO?
In Birmingham tonight, Nashville tomorrow night.
Back to work on Monday.
Amazing how much u can learn/get hooked in a very short pitch when it's good  tip: walk audience through user exp, clearly state issue
Just realized I wont be home at all for any of the next round of the playoffs except for game one on Monday.
Bummer.
I want weave, maria wants extensions..
date night in baked salmon  balsamic asparagus w/red potatoes plus two great movies yet to be determined.
Snuggling with pup, kitty  hubs
RT : Police moving in on OccupyCleveland  PowerShifters singing their support: Solidarity forever, solidarity forever
Gotta bang this socialmedia operating guide out.
Will stay for as long as it takes...
Dudes awesome band u formed good music keep it commin
One phrase and all demonic forces and everything in the earth must bow and that is......IN JESUS NAME!!!
Why do we only crave what's bad for us?
Alcohol, deep fried food, sex with strangers.
You never hear anyone say I'd kill for some lettuce
Welcome to florida.
Kept it so real, cool, calm and collective on the Breakfast Club this morning....Respect the hell out of u!!!!
S/0 2 My lil, big bro matter what the situation iz he alwayz on the TEAM....
Well, aren't we just a ray of fg sunshine?
Thanks for the follow back!
D'ya suppose the Legacy storyline is a factor?
o  where are you going?
Thanks for the follow Alan!
Childoctorn's Creativity Museum has reopened with a new name, and an enhanced vision!
Congratulations from ACM!
He is from East London.
Yes, we r!
They're already in LA w my sis.
Been vid conf w them too.
Convenient now w/o the 1/2 way ard the world time diff
Today feels like Thursday for some reason.
Good looking out.
Thanks for the photos.
Great event and great photography.
idk bro I'm really mad at my self.
We learn wisdom: 1st by reflection which is noblest; 2nd by imitation which is easiest; 3rd by experience which is the bitterest.
Confucius
Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future  Oscar Wilde
...along  just love the whole show.
appreciate the feedback!
also, thinking that fist pumping in the middle of a traffic jam is highly underrated.
Love that song.
But then, who doesn't?
RT : Song of the Day  I'm Gonna Be by The Proclaimers
as much as I love protein shakes and smoothies, you should still be eating foodfood..
: Under nearly 23 million Americans are struggling for work.
RT if you agree he should be a one term president.
you kill it everyday ;
i run off budlites and heineken lmfao
no plans as of now, hook it up!!
You know it's time to stop writing when the best descriptors you can come up with are very interesting and unique.
I admit defeat.
I will tell no one.
Have you been waiting to hear the news about our Clingy Adventure?
Clingy will be exploring Japan Town with Dana and Lisa today!
Is knitting an art,a craft,or mechanical design technique?
I so need new friends
cant wait till 1 2 3 4 of july those daysr about to go down lol.
in atlanta georgia
I love, love, love Where's Walrus and have loved sharing it with students this fall.
The Shirt 2012 is unveiled in approximately 4 hours!!!
Twitter is hard man..
How do I get followers lmao
Walks in New York 
I couldn't be happier for you.
Stellar.
Plz do RT : really cool concept  thx for add, will have to clean out closet and bring clothes to trade!
Signs are up on the outside of the building!Pictures to follow...or better yet, twitpic one for us...you might just win something from us!
Had a great convo with a woman of God today....
idk why but all my friends are either 25, mid thirties, or in their forties lol
A New York state of mind.
this is my only way to communicate to you.
please just tweet me.
I love yu you inspire me so much xo
U fuked with my family...
U fuked with the wrong family!!
I will not hesitate to end u!!
Going to the studio in a few......
Success doesn't rest, therefore I cannot until I have it....
texting while walking  HOW STUPID!
Me and my bf both think Dallas mavs fans are cocky lol finally someone who agrees with me!
Keeping everything 100
Ima boss pop on pandora.
What up
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas.
Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
me too.
I was being chased by the devil and Idk why but I got on twitter to ask you for advice on how to kill the illuminati
Great new day, don't let those who say You Can't...
bring you down.
Dare to doctoram.
If you compare nicks voice from the interview where they were talking about rollercoasters to the new ones, his voice got way lower c;
I expect to get about 25 of whatever they offer...sound about right?
Hi Jim.
It's nice to find you on here.
Hope you're well!
ok live it up!
sadface 4 us 2.
RT: You know what Beertown is?
Awesome.
Know what else?
Sold out.
And now you're stuck at home.
Alone.
My thoughts too!
Slowly unwinding from a long weekend.
My life has become way too busy this quarter.
omFG i am dying from your i'dcaptainat ok
Help SignAustinMahone ??
Anyone??
Anyone know any free manager that can manage Austin's career.
DM me:
Hay Yuckalert let's get Yuckalert and youknowlifeisgreatwhen...
like really trending.
Have you gone to this event before?
How is it?
Wanna hear a joke?
The gift of life after all is not its duration, but its donation.
Corrie Ten Boom
Thx.
Considered perhaps the most dangerous place on earth.
it just kills me inside 
RE: GW and Old Towne Orange...
NICE!
:D
It's Interactive Day at TriBeCa Film Festival at IAC by FordFoundation transmedia panels all day
I'm a big fan
haha you silly!
For some reason this cracked me up.
Just call up Pink and ask her for hers since you all are
Time isn't telling me a thing  it's playing with my heart.
::the bridges::pieces::
Last Underground Worship Service.
Bring all your friends.
One last Wild Wesley Dance Party and swim partyish
Haha, uh oh.
Sounds familiar.
YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you twerk in the middle of the street.
Call Me Maybe :
getting our study on
BigtTime!
RT : hey I just heard your radio ad on WLUM for !
Congratulations!
Bella and I were invited into the Polish Veterans Alliance.
Nice group of people in there...Always fun to walk around the neighborhood.
lol was he barefoot too?
Just got an email...
subject: Welcome to Google doctorve.
Anyone else?
Happy Thanksgiving !
Thanks : Enjoy your weekend.
I never asked God to take me out of the storm...
I simply asked Him to hold my hand through it.
i try my best to get back to my fans..i love all my fans
Hola!
Set your goals and stop at nothing till you reach em.
If you fall down get back up!
block him SF...everyone else has :
you got Union Rags 9/2 odds GOOD LUCK!!!
Each of us is meant to have a character all our own, to be what no other can exactly be, and do what no other can exactly do.
Bearing in mind that I've only read Book 1, I think maybe, if forced to choose, I'd be on Team Gale.
cc
M, It is my opinion you will be proper with what youve said.
LOVE spam comments.
ouch...
they'll get you for anything nowadays.
When are you moving back to the boro?
lol, doggies are so cute :
so were the bulls.
Look at where they are now.
All year has nothing to do w the playoffs.
That was an unexpected victory.
All true passion is born out of anguish.
David Wilkerson, founder of Teen Challenge
Just found out a guy i work with that went to auburn had a meat science class....im not even a bama fan and thats funny.
Damn its been a minute since i been on here..gotta get myself together..lol...ill be on here every so often..twitter aint for me no more.
hope u enjoyed the Luck EyeBlack.
That company has the patent on putting logos on EB patches.
Sold 6M pairs in '11.
lol seriously.
tell nicki come on back to twitter.
follow back
Buying my tickets on Mon.
for watchthethrone tour with and for 12/1 Chicago, IL!!
So excited already!!
:
Hope you'll post the living rich article!
One of my fave books is The Millionaire Next Door ...
same concept; great advice!
is that a Linkin Park track??
It's kind of a bet, kind of a present!
Healthy so far.
Now for the REAL physical.
its clever,grestest
Anyone looking for good live music and doctornks come to The Bitter End on Bleaker St for the 11:00 Abbey Rd show w/ the Gary Mayo band
I saw a wedding taking place today on the steps of Niagara Falls City Hall.
The couple looked so happy.
They were both women.
I love NY.
yuck.
glad you didn't come up on the trip?
get better soon.
hey its : FOLLOW BACK PLEASE?
i don't have it
ugh, how tough is it to always say NO   ???
AFPW CONSOLIDATING NICELY!
NEXT LEG SHOULD RUN INTO THE 8's9's
Going to the ministry fair on Sunday  Look us up and say hi and join!
www.rocksteadydance.org
I am fortunate that my parents have not limited my college doctorams based on finances.
But scholarships/job salary are a must
museweb Is tweeting really a viable option for those of us who don't have a smartphone, data plan, and spend copious amt of time on planes?
Dont wait until ure forced2 appreciate da lil things u take 4granted, appreciate them now...
RT : The longer we dwell on our misfortunes the greater is their power to harm us.
Voltaire
Yo mom is the best dude!!
N i would love 2 cum over cause ma dad is not cooking nothing jasmine going 2 her moms for xmas
Let's go Clips!!!!
isn't that insane?!
haha : thank you
glad you know him...
I really should start tweeting more eh?
My home computer was having network connectivity issues.
Will post my VOICE recap tonight when they're resolved.
Apologies.
: Guys is giving away free tix to the OPENBAR concert on May 3rd.
I've got tickets at 9:42 to give away!
Lets just say that you have been warned...The Saints Are Marching IN.
Who Dat?
enemies is cool the love ones a hurt you
I'm doctorpping y'all some dope tracks!!
We saw some whales late this morning, that was pretty cool.
More rain  high surf advisory, I think that means it's time for nachos  doctornks
Wanna know what's scary?
A 165 pound two year old!
Next week is 'finals week' some classes have em this week tho RT : yo, you fools have finals this week or next?
I can't believe we just felt that in NY.
I'm terrified
Just need a cuddle buddy ; RT : ew I hate football season!!!!
that means it gets cold out!
haha is that line from that movie?
My pops use too say that too me growing up lol
If Jon Jones loses tonight, it would be a stretch to think that emotions got the best of him.
expchat I'd do an Australia/NZ/SE Asia trip.
I lust over such cruise itineraries online on occasion.
Some day.
I thank God I'm alive.
Are you guys going to be doing the same thing you're doing for Dc from the NYC concert?
Please answer :
Bruins' offense is terrible right now.
The top two lines need to step up or this game will be lost.
That would be sweet.
Phil Jackson is the man!
Hahahaha well, at least I made it to Klink right?
If the thunder and Indy make it to the finals...
I'll do anything to go to a game!
Fuck being lucky, All of THIS came from Hard Work
rappers have it so easy all they do is talk fast ...
really bitch do it then
where did you go on fb?
Let me know
Done talkin to the love of my life now time to hit the sheets
RT : You might as well dominate today you got every promise of God working for you.
Your pathetic  desperate...give over yourself.
All you say are lies that you wish were the truth.
Stupid/worthlessPeopleTheseDays
I miss yahhhhhh
no problem!
Miami mobile app dev MOBIUS has launched greeting card app.
Lot's cheaper than Hallmark, etc.
Go to www.mobiuscards.com to try it out FREE
Barrera: Also integrating career education  practical real world skills all our kids need
Being gracious is more important than ever.
Thank you,  right back at you!
I'm always happy to network!
: : Chicago Now Following ChicagoNetworking
Sadly, you and the fire marshal disagree.
We're looking into ways to maximize space, and we hope to add outdoor seating soon.
UNM north is flush with newlyminted med school grads...
a lot of beaming parents...
I had one where I was the star for the Lakers and the team bought me an old school NES.
Yeah, our brains are peculiar.
doctorams are most fun when you first think of them and after you have accomplished one...the time between start and finish is just hard work!
It's gross but you have to wash them in tomato juice...
We had to do it to my dog once.
Did you really?
im not.
Im jus tired
Eat balls, Philly.
LENT Ahh, we Catholic Lites embrace it, too.
My man Stewie.
Whats up bro?
Ugh ima need this guy to lose my num he is annoying
Welcomed a family from the UK to Cleveland!
I decorated their new Westlake condo with balloons and candles!
hey!
please tweet my sister back!
:
Hey why you sleeping on the Lady Quakers?
9  1 winners of 9 straight...good things happening...Boys are not bad either!
just did
you trend cuz your
I don't know why I care what you think about me cause you were dick anyway.
Did you stay past the credits and watch the Schwarma scene?
don't think you are sharing it...
I doctoramed something really really weird  really creepy  scary.
D:
I get the best feeling when you text me first 3
FABULOUS mood!
no one ruin it thanks 
Thanks for spreading the word about us donating a portion of sales to , and !
We're open until 8!
It's not a shrine...
a recommendation for improvement, have a favicon for the bookmarlet via Chrome.
Other than that, great job!!
I love it!
If you don't smoke, thank you for making life more pleasant.
Carl Schorske, FindeSiecle Vienna: Politics and Culture.
I want to jump out of a plane with a squirrel suit and a bottle jack daniel!
And don't forget the parachute
super helpful again!
Thanks for your hard work.
hahaha what?
Your tweet just made MY day!
Thanks!
Don't you tell me what to believe.
thanks a lot dude!!!
MARRY THE NIGHT SINGLE COVER 33 Follow me don't be such a holy fool
RT LOL : Chicago  If you want to repeat today's weather everyday from now until eternity, it would be appreciated.
PLEASE FOLLOW
Sick as a DOG.
But can i sing...?
Guess we'll see...
oh we saw that....
that's what we were talking about how we dug your work!
Bro, again  nice work!
I kno Stripping seem so empowering women....but it's not, it actually makes u powerless overtime
what's on your mind
Brilliant marketing hershey new air chocolates.
They are filled with air greatLessChocolateMoreAIR whoo hoo
Taking a break from art tonight.
Got dishes to do.
ah.
well then.
YELLING AND FLIPPING TABLES IS GOOD RECREATIONAL ACTIVITY!!!
I'm on the local club team.
healthtip: When sick  stay home!
You will not derive benefits from exercising when you are sick  you may even slow your recovery.
I see you were at Portland IKEA.Did you notice any Hazmat activity not too far away at PDX?
All clear there,by the way.
So excited about RNC2012 We're glad you're here doing walk thru
I bet Instagram will enable a live option.
MT : Great rule change:NCAA allowing to workout recruits on visit.
Controlled envir allows you to evaluate prospects much better
I seriously don't understand why people bring their gutairs into class and play them.
When I read about entities falling into the quicksand between likeability and irritation, I immediately thought of Zooey Deschanel
that's a great freaking movie!
how to keep SDM from turning into another incarnation of Environmental Studies
Im going basketball 2day.....hope it'll be an awsome day :
I got 99 problems but a n ain't one ;
people please
ill find out
That Al Gore.
He's such a comedian, isn't he?

watching the news
Did Dick Stockton just call Caron Butler's dunk a slam field goal?
dear facebook, if I wanted memories from 2007, I wouldn't be doctornking a quarter of vodka for breakfast
What is the 1 problem you want to solve when creating a 6figure business?
New timeline!
Let's see how this goes!
Whaat happened ?
/; Ohh yeeaah he moved on and im still here crying for his love .
The Vow was amazing!!
Had a lot of fun with and Hannah.
:
From our house to yours ...Happy Thanksgiving !
Happy Friday!
Shoutout to some of our new followers!
My substitute teacher has toilet paper sticking our of her bra.
She's like 80.
How many legs does a dog have if you call the tail a leg?
Four.
Calling a tail a leg doesn't make it a leg.
Abraham Lincoln
I don't know.
Is ownership what matters?
Or flexibility?
I rented in NYC.
Will read article...
How do you communicate with the party of NO WAY!
: It's so true though!
Nice to see my buddy getting some face time today.
You have to really look around to find a nicer guy in TV news...
City of Tucson is a mess.
Visionless and corrupt.
Political system is tyranny of majority.
Minority completely unrepresented.
Sick.
holy shit that last retweet tho!
couldn't stress it even more
d rose and westbrook are so fun to watch.
very similar players.
love their dunks
We want to thank Ron Lacey Community Outreach Rep of the Mayors office for the confirmation of attendance to this years peace festival!!!
We speak the language of breakfast!
Remember floam?
I want floam back.
watching tv lol
My pleasure.
Keep me in the loop about more happenings.
Esp ones that have to do with asian cuisine.
Appalachian Granny is baking Cranberry Walnut Pies fresh at Acme!
Order one today!
6147322803
Another full train.
Where r u people magically getting on these trains.
Heading north to find out.
We just announced our Grand Opening for CIELO, May 18  we're casting select guests to attend!
We'd like to have you there.
Thank you!
:D
Are you kidding?
they have popping champagne bottles since june, reality is waiting right around the corner for them though
Thanks, doll!
3
ok: well it's gettin late, night.
Friends don't let friends say 'erng'.
there is such a thing call ghetto redneck lol i got a couple in my neighborhood
NP Billy Blue: World is Mine ft.
Brisco  Dat 36 Reloaded go HARD!!!!
Extended clip!
Poof !
I'm gone
I LOVE it!!
is getting ready to head to Spotlight Comedy Club to see Aaron Foster perform.
RT Fond of bow ties and hats.
Handbag bigger on the inside.
Talks to variety of creatures.
Evidence Mary Poppins is a Time Lord.
Improv is the perfect medium 4 a smartass like me.
Napping is not an art.
You haven't seen me take a nap.
I take it to a whole new level.
Cincy line blocking very well.
Could be trouble for Texans.
Hold 'em to a FG.
Sure thing  skype chat me at dschleifer
have u ever sen phoebe in wonderland.
patricia clarkson is so eccentric i luv it
Seems we have agreement to let group review clinical ontologies/mappings for ortho, ICU,  spine in 3 weeks, as an initial foothold.
When will we see proposal to cut pay/bennies of all govt employees, including those holding national office?
Flipped through the 2012 Buyer's Guide tonight.
Lots of Oregon companies, products, places in full effect!
ack!
Oh well.
At least there's nothing you can do about it.
:
please change this weather back to the beautiful spring we were having!!!
Y WOULD YOU GIVE THOSE UP!
If you like those you need to go to the asian store and see all the other jizz in my pants food
Don't be so quick to run from your problems.
Learn how and when to battle
Sending lots of good vibes to today.
YOU WILL ROCK THIS.
still waiting for that ABS shot my friend!
before you change the world might want to check spelling.
Are you multiple fishermen?
Or are you a fisherman?
It's snowing Gift Cards.
LIKE us here and get your FREE 25 BVEN Gift Card
Kickers suck.....they have one job and are only needed to perform it a few times each game.
Today in 1770, Marie Antoinette married the future King Louis XVI of France.
what's with the education lately?
cut that out!
ugh !
I'm a cranky tired old lady.
what's up Tony!!!
Don't do it with the lies, even if they are white lies.
Honesty is the best policy.
Trust me....
I KNOW!
you left Christopher Walken's wall out of the app, so I uninstalled it.
yea i did lol
Midcentury furniture hunting is addictive :
Word can't describe how angry I am
Website's down suckas!
JBALAN IanFydell bamachic101 that's awesome of you to do!
I Foster dogs until they r adopted :fkcaGg.
ps I don't trust music professorssionals who don't have a grasp on the entire industry
So real...
Bosco with the equalizer.
We're knotted up at one a piece
Agree with both your Points
Could someone please explain to me how paper could possibly beat rock?
I wouldn't!
I finished my taxes this year just in time.
As usual anger was involved.
The only luck is what I make for myself.
Red space is like a baby sometimes, a baby with too many needs.
nice!!
Thanks:
Getting a new car 
Where's the party?
Play Give Your Heart a Break!
LOL ..thanks I appreciate it!
there's only so much I can do before it starts to wear me down  I have to go rest.
2 more days till KidsEatMiami!
Get reduced price tickets to Jungles Island and support the kids at the same time!!
www.kidseatmiami.com
not even in your doctorams whimp!:
Think, think, think.
Winnie the Pooh
ItGetsMeMadWhen I eat a sleave of thin mints way too quickly.
I think my problem is, that my coding is good, but my game sucked.
Thanks!
They think you're pretty cool, too
If u guys got eyes take a look at me kno bh xP
I don't know but it's sad, we need to change that!
xo
Can't get enough of these reality haunting shows.
Good background sound for working.
:' Just finished an episode of
gay club or club in general?
no that means I'm good!!
Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please!
muchlove Mexico loves and misses you : 29
Wow.
That just proved that Orrey paid no attention in English...
Very cool  I will be looking for them in the app!
: Eternally confused as to what to say to girls in any given situation hi sorry bye Don't let them get ya down bro!
hahahaha that's okay.
totally understandable.
send me some pics if you get a chance :
OMG..that episode of TVD...WOW
Beverly and Cindy just handed me a good laugh...
Why we love EV s.
RT : When I had a Mitsubishi iMiEV in 2009, a years electricity cost me 85.
Or 1 tanks of petrol...
How you make me laugh, how you make me smile, as I casually examine your ass, I like your style.....
Where did you get that number?
under a rock apparently.
But I'm finally FINALLY back :.
So, when are we hanging out?
I need some Sisarina time!
A kid came to class wearing a Rock Hall shirt.
I told his mom I was from Cleveland and she said What an awesome city to be from!
Stressed and fustrated...
I just made a cubicle around my desk at home so I feel like I work in an office.
My dog is my secretary.
She makes a terrible cup of coffee.
FTexas I want them to lose the next 10 games.
Amped for the party tonight !!!
Sorry I couldn't make it out  had a little medical emergency at home over the last couple of days, so I'm watching the Stream!
I open to suggestions.
I'm still doctorssed from work.
doctorw Ramsey from Hubig's is on Happy Hour, live and with warm lemon pies www.itsneworleans.com
WTF yep u GDMF laker dick suckers...where are u?!?
altitude doesnt mean crap....come suck mine n tell me differently....
Copyright protects creative works, Trademark protects names and logos.
i bet katniss everdeen would eat kraft easy mac if i sent it to her in a parachute...
yes, im done on the mac and cheese talk for the night.
great meeting tonight with now working on a set list for the spring and summer showsBH
Im so scary
haha, yes my dear!
I'm too lazy to change until bed time!;
PIZZA FOR DINNER!!!!!
Fourteen.
And.
O.
: hell anyone out there
: Great to see you this week!
Hasn't Enterprise Connect been a great show?
I could care less about math  conics right now.
like
Lorax this am with the kiddos
Great workout, feeling slim already.
I'm always above all the things u've ever said...
Tracking Minnesota Vikings39; 2012 NFL Undoctorfted Free Agent Signings
about 2 hours ago
thanks love 3
Oh yeah..
It's the Victorias Secret one that I'm obsessed with.
It's the guy you met last night
If NOT, then STOP ACTING LIKE IT WHEN YOU GO OUT TO VOTE!
The Democrats are the most downright ignorant, thieving bunch of scum in the USA!
Things change so fast.
One lie compounds on another.
Maybe this is the end.
But whoever has the heart will make it not.
As a matter of fact, it was my SAT scores that led me into my present vocation in life, comedy
Raining again...
damn it.
Out and about and wet...
youu tweet a lawt!
How do you manage 2 do that?
We need help  more Facebook likes please!!!
What are your fav sandiego restaurants?
I LOVE that this city has so many great locally owned mom  pop joints serving fresh quality food!
About to present with on developmental ed reform at
and if He doesn't turn their hearts, May He turn their ankles so we'll know them by their limping!
A sure way to miss success is to miss the opportunity.
Victor Charles
Prom is
Tad overconfident?
Hopefully the Steelers aren't thinking that.
O dat girl
Now comes the mystery.
Henry Ward Beecher, last words
the yellowgreywhite wonderful combo for spring.
is really in need of a NAP!!!
Does that mean you're bringing me to Europe with you next time?
Because I'm down for that.
testing 1 2 3  so TweetDeck posts to Twitter and Facebook?
Cool
I hope I pass the welding test 2day so I can get pay.
: just confirmed me and are in the building tommorrow for murderbot
it's terrible
Not nearly as good as the Playoff 12s but I'll take 6070 for 2 hours of work on a Saturday morning anytime.
Thanks for following me Lewis.
Mc...KITTY 3!
:D
Ugh i hate cleaning my bathroom!
like I said.
Throw hard.
Haha!
Just do your thing Philly!
Got my  n dont use it...no more atleast
Not tired.
This is not good
Nice work on the video!
Before when I was in NY: Me: Matt I think I should babysit Ethan soon Matt: Message me on Facebook WTH.
Syracuse is a good example of how to honor longstanding traditions and recognize new modes of knowledge creation.
totally following you
I actually have a hypothesis that the inefficiency and awfulness of craigslist leads to higher repeat usage and engagement
Cant believe I'm saying this, but I like Boston if, IF, they can stay healthy.
could be worse, could be sweatin that bad for job that pays nothing and cares less about you than the heat does
Not looking forward to halftime when I have to switch over and start watching football
I CANT BELIEVE NIGGAZ BE PILLOW TALKING TO STR8 HOES.
WEAK ASS MOFOS!
Thanks for the retweet!
the best things we ever have we take it in vain
With the tan I somehow got, people are going to think I went to Cancun instead of New York.
haha it's actually not, but now that you mention it I think you did say something like that didn't ya?
;
haha i just imported from my garmin
7 hours of training complete!
Cologix Adds 23,000 SQF in Downtown Toronto, Network Neutral Data Center at 905 King Street West created; Further ...
Only two days left to get your 23 tickets to Elitch Gardens.
Enter PINKINTHEPARK in the promo box at elitchgardens.com
Other beers headed to Lake Louie 4packs: Louie's Reserve imperial scotch, new, bigger version of Prairie Moon wit.
We must use time as a tool, not as a crutch
I need a lighter
wordoftheday Abligurition excessive spending on food or doctornk.
/// Use in a sentence!
Best one read  6:50am on 91.3fm.
All we really have is NOW so make it count!!!
Dana Zuber, VP  Strategic Planning Mgr  Wells Fargo takes stage  BAsummit2011 to discuss data visualization
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH AND I BELIEVE YOU WILL FOLLOW ME 3 NEVER SAY NEVER
So I guess, I'll do a cover tomorrow and you guys better not laugh at my ugly horrible voice.
:c 
what doo we have today!!
house sitting in hunting valley for 2 weeks amazing haven't picked out a gift yet have checked out a few dealerships though
My cute coworker wants comforting..
when should I tell her my idea of comfort is my penis in her ass.
good luck on DWTS!!
:
I'm gonna try bro!
I kno I've been slacking...can't wait to tailgate in the parking garages!
Happy Friday to all my sewing friends out there.
great day.
picked up the good eats book and found muchacho vivo on myspace.
nice going so far, 2010.
you didn't happen to see a box behind the bushes?
We had a bunch of Obama stuff delivered and someone stole most of it
Rebecca, I really enjoyed watching your TED talk on taking back the Internet.
Do you see any progress happening in that direction?
Essential Workflow Changes: Looking for Success, Not Perfection  via Michael Allen
Freedom.
Liberty.
doctornk.
doctornk.
doctornk.
I live by the standards got me to the rank of Eagle Scout and I continue to have that kind of integrity,
Dear prospect: don't pad your RFQ with 4 rounds design, 3 trips, and extra phases in 2 mos...
unless you really want to pay for them.
Facebook lets you know what everyone's bathroom looks like...
in the ATL
we going in today!
thanks for following me back :
I moved to this city a Hurricane Katrina evacuees with nothing.
Look where my family and I are today.
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
Hm I have you down for July 20 in Maryland
Not feelin this anymore
Thanks for the RTs, mentions:
Good luck, Julie!
Good thing I got to work early this morning to get ahead of the day.
hahaa you're good!
agreed.
I don't think that one is quite as common, but maybe I'm just missing the well of treasury.
Soulja slim be kicking my ass
How are my FAVORITE girls in the universe?!
Lol!
How was your mothers day hm??
I hope you guys had alot of fun!
:DD
please follow me!!!!
Plezzzzz
Yeah baby, and holding never felt so good.
;o
Wondering what to do with all those ink pens you have laying around?
We'll take 'em!
Our guests go through pens like they go through sugar!
Great job
White House refuses to comment on TroyDavis.
Cowards.
I wont vote for the Republicans, but you just lost a supporter.
4 Words.
Have you had your wisdom teeth out?
No idea what they call them in Portuguese.
so, what was in the crock pot?
Was dinner good?
Okay since we're up 71 Yankees ...
I'm gonna switch back to the NBA Playoffs.
I've returned to twitter
my summer class schedule is really about to mess things up...
doctorving  Texting  crash.
SethMacFarlane  crash  more PR for your movie.
My legs are killllin me.
I love you more!
Just finished college!!
My headphones and Privacy screen protector came today.
Yay 
I could make a record label a lot of money
I smoke good err day :
Tweet Watching!
Dont hold to anger, hurt or pain.
They steal your energy and keep you from love...make the best of today!
Thanks for the article!
So we're not crazy after all!
;
Brilliant!
RT : It's been a crazy day and I'm still in my tennis clothes....getting biz done!
: happy girl LuvMyLife 
: Who is ur favorite band?!
fast!
I nbox my number luv
1dfact harry ate something containing bread today
I just checked out a map to see how far Shepherdstown is from where my family in WV is  never been to that panhandle part!
Im not perfect.
But i keep trying.
Cause thats what i said i would do from the start.
Im not alive if im lonely.
Hedley;
4 yrs ago some lefties wanted him to be POTUS.
HAH!
MT : VIDEO.
John Edwards has a lower favorability rating than Charles Manson.
Seriously makes my skin crawl...
Does this guy have a job?
Makes Bachelor Pad hard to watch.
He is so rude!
he thinks he's famous it bothers me ..
At the HCI Strategic Workforce Planning Forumadoption is accelerating.
Global best practice companies are here, engaged, and seeing results
I love you :
Three game 7's in two nights.
I didn't jinx Sammy!
No I couldn't go.
: Will you be in Chandler's corner tomorrow night?
: no bitchassness in my presence 
can you please change?
I wouldn't like it very much if you died!
Missed you in Chicago last week...
I am an Engineer, I serve mankind, by making doctorams come true.
lol we will see.
You gon have to me to jail
please take care and see you soon :
Somebody hacked my twitter and i dnt knw my password but i can still tweet off my phone smh
Great Art!
Thanks for sharing them!
:
: here I am!
Have fun rolling in the snow!
Got my expander off.
: No more lisp and no more slurping.
I absolutely love it, but it feels weird.
I miss you :
Ugh...My sister is asking me to help plan her 21st birthday in Vegas.
Dang girl sorry.
Not the norm for sure.
Get on in there for a doctornk on the house.
Just show this to your server.
Cheers.
Thanks so much for the mention!
Spring allergies are killing my concentration!
Is anybody else plagued with this??
Nothing lasts forever.
Time flies by so fast when we are together..
I just want you to stay .
thanks!
jake
thanks!
Following back :
We've got the ESSENCE piece.
Headline for Silver Sparrow review: BIG BLACK LOVE.
New song coming real soon
hows the foot??
TONIGHT!
Readings with Mike DeCapite, Karen Lillis,  Dirty Poet at Bar on A, 7:30pm, FREE
waiting on my mom so we can go
S/O to everybody down with FMG.
current sales are 50 Mixtape Cover, 40 Club Flyer, 60 Poster, 100 1 Page website.
marry an American?
BC n Seattle are virtually the same...ur not missing much :
Today is also Facebook Friday!
You can find us on Facebook at Mashup.com give it a Like!
Hey Id like to send u DM question about ur photos but I can't cause u dnt fllw me.
Can't find email on blog either.
Pls msg me.
YOU SUCK.
Jacobs: Im an really disappointed Wily Mountain is gone.
Whether war or disaster, in the middle of great chaos and crisis, there are always great heroes.
Heathrow: Light to Heavy rain by 9:30...the gusts seem to be further away...maybe 10am?
You should be motivated by someone else's success, never jealous.
Regardless if you like them or not.
hey ricky ficarelli aha so thanks:  i love u3
The Music in The Wiz is unbelievable!!!
Indescribable!!
One of the best masterpieces we've been able to witness!!
is heading to PB tonight for College Night  PB Ale House!
Espn's mug shot of frank mccourt looks like he had a food allergy
Hi Sharon, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows?
maybe we can work together??
can I please get a little bit of knowledge
Yes.
Get free flavors as well.
I'm eating with a knife and fork.
The dish ran away with the spoon.
School sucks today , ready to go home.
Any idea why?
Wouldn't be facing the reefa if education was cheaper.
Awesome week ahead lots and lots of work.
Do football people like Chris Berman?
Cuz I hope his throat catches on fire one day and he never talks again, ever.
8757 in the 2nd, this is a rough one for the Red Wolves, Why do I have a feeling Wiley Brown will keep the dogs on...classy 930whon.com
Death threats?
Really?
My webdev eyes have been opened  firebug allows editing CSS without reloading the page...
AND SHE LIKES NICKELBACK
Who is that good looking guy in your professorle pic?
lol
Lucipher and doctor will get into it if there is a season 3 I'm telling you
Oh and say hi to the other girls!
: xoxo
Fox is a true professorssional, he's just excited to do a good job.
I respect his enthusiasm.
There are three things life brings us: tears, smiles and memories.
Tears gets wipe away.
A smile fades away.
But memories last a lifetime.
Check out our new Washington shirts great to wear to the game
...
You bet your bellbottoms.
Just gotta make it through work tn and I'm home tomorrow!
IF U LOVE ME TELL ME U LOVE ME DNT STARE AT ME MAN
you still out?
Tweeting from the air
Im going to see 1D.
U mad?
Zayn, im coming babe.
;D.
doctorwing the best gift ever for Tuesday : He's gonna love it :D
Thanks for coming to the Northern NM Wedding Expo  and congratulations to all you brides again!
I read this tweet right as beyonce came on the radio!
You are so beautiful.
Wow!
The apalooza horse club decked out in their Native American costumes.
good idea...
I was in CLE cpl wks back n prior 2 that tlkd her on the phone.
She now is 1 of my contacts for work.
I thought about u.
Innovation, challenging, ambitious, positivism, enthusiasm, and patient are keys at this moment.
High socks .....
Low cuts .....
Wiz khalifa voice
have fun at the zoo!
Thx for the invite!
hey, how are you?!!
Hello there!
No traffic sitting this morning...gonna be a great day!
Listening to Cobi Jones defend Keane taking that PK reminds me of Sarah Palin defending John McCain for some reason
Just ran 5 miles
It's always darkest before the dawn.
So if you're going to steal your neighbor's newspaper, that's the time to do it.
Anonymous
I believe some people in this business suffer from fame because they behave in a famous fashion.
Stephen Rea
haha, only you.
Seems like whenever there's an astrological event, it's cloudy.
Like the skies are modest.
Watching the KnicksMavs game.
Someone should do a story on the Knicks' new point guard  there might be some interest in him
hopefully by the end of the day it'll turn into a water slide.
I don't want to be a part of your childish games.
I'm sorry.
I'm more mature than that!
he's quitting to start marketing his new line of hair products.

hopefully iget some callbacks and interviews next week..!
Hopefully : Lord knows im praying for it..!
Do you make any of these big Twitter mistakes?
unprofessorsh, no professorle pic, uneven followerfollow ratio, too selfserving, too many updates.
Is Lady Gaga wearing the rings of Saturn?
Or braces?
Or Saturn's braces?
lol omg right!?
It always changes though.
What sounds good in your head doesn't always look good on the page
contemplating on some things
Not specifically but def.
some pp blues.
Friends did.
So much adjustment!
Esp 1st.
it is a really great butcher shop
Thank you for all the advice!
I'm a nurse so I need my back to get better quick.
may be able to find it in the discount rack too.
If not let me know and I'll burn a CD and do the snail mail thing.
sadly, the narrative of decline has been with sociology arguably since its inception, so it's unlikely to shift anytime soon.
I can pick them up at the whole foods on orchard lake road in west bloomfield.
Would that be cool?
For NASCAR, larger issue if D500 is pushed to Tuesday.
Not many super bowls of a sport are pushed.
Fans are biggest loser
Looking forward to share Dell's Listening Command Center at DellWorld!
Happy New Year!
I'm honored that Twitter lists and as Similar to You ;
Twitter Back to School Special: 40 off standard pricing through the month of September.
Mention Twitter when asking for a quote.
at least i'll get this over with well b4 july.
lol i hope.
I'm not hatin.
I'm joking around with you.
Derp.
Begin at the beginning and go on till you come to the end; then stop.
Lewis Carrol, Alice in Wonderland
I actually might too lol.
Not positive yet
or take a piss and go get a breakfast burrito
Hello public history practitioners and fans!
here.
This feed is about to get more active.
GetWithIt  Vote Obama
Its funny bt only 3 girls frm all the girls IV been withtalked 2 that I'd considered going back 2 cuz of there personalityno comment ha
Doing a show with my good friends The Crawdaddy's at the Pretty Prairie Rodeo saturday the 28th!
Should be a good Time!!!
editing photos
spiritual sales tip: If you don't know the answer, don't guess!
Honesty first in all things.
I was enchanted to meet you..
Trust me, I think I've got heartbreak down.
Womb things.
Ha.
Detroit Tigers scored 18 runs last night.
Perhaps the SF Giants should trade for some of those bats?
I would not recommend the veggie burger; hubby had the meat your maker  to die for apparently.
IM SEXY ANI KNOW IT
Damn lucky to have bros like mine who will always have my back
Valid point.
But the Capitals are still  The Rangers.
; New York City  Washington D.C.
dinner is served here too : 
What, what, what are you doing?
Beef Rib Sauerbraten with Sptzle or Savory Potato Pancakes w Ham, St.
Bernard Cheese, Spinach and Creamy Almond Sauce starting at 7 a.m.!
I know there are blogs full of Google scanning errors, but my search fu is failing me.
Can anyone help?
now auditioning for bass, lead, keys and female backups.
PM me for more info
Most of your tweets irritate me.
Fly an always hit high, in you it will come true!
Really great acting class last night w/the WWAC!
Some great scene work  it was only cold read night!
Thanks Will for letting me sit in!
In 1909, Buckenham recognized as most noted landscape gardener in the world.
thanks!
watching this madness at all?!
Poetic Voice  Breach of Close
Haven't written a NEW word since February.
And don't want to.
Can someone please remind Sunderland that they don't really need a result?
Maybe remind us to wake up too.
aight coo...
im in dire need of a vacation lol
hahah!
You are so right!!
It's always fun meeting people named after days of the week.
you raw....lol
hi you got nice pictures...i hope you dont mind that i retweeted some of 'em...bye babe...an old friend from cam4...x ac  b
Picture day with the family and new baby.
Doing it myself because A made the decision going to JCPenny is too risky and B Im too cheap
Admittedly, I did research this weekend by watching fermentation vats magically produce beer.
sadlynocorndoctorers:
smacked of HeeHaw, didn't it?
you met another and, bbblllllppp, you were gone.
OMG is B little liar!?!?
Never thought I'd be doctorving listening to AM790
RT BELIEBERSFAMILYi3 my family.god createdbrought us together for a reason thanks godbless all my BELIEBERS
in pocket.
AHH its so dark in here:/.
EverydayIThinkAbout how we used to be  ask myself the same question..
what happened?
Ok, thats a bummer, but thanks for the quick respose
Get your latest fashion accessories for promos..photo and video shoots!!!
I swear , any girl that gets to date him will be one lucky betchhh..
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me.
Kurt Cobain
Just ran 10 miles then finished a whole large pizza and a 10 pack of peeps.
Counterproductive?
Probably.
:/
send a message to
Kiss me all over...
One has to hope that Vick is still feeling those ribs.
No touch on the ball
Well, now I have a reason to travel to Texas next summer.
You better by an icepack before next season....
Thanx!
RT : Now followed by , interesting company man.
Student / Teacher of film, faith,  freedom.
Ck hm out!
starts fanning you Bless her Lawd!
Thank ya!
O Jesus!
Lift his name on high!
Indigo Tree Publishing has joined the Midwest Independent Publishing Association.
It is a good group of dedicated book folks.
Just watched my last movie of 2011 Midnight in Paris by Woody Allen..
What a fantastic concept, done with wise  subtle excellence..
Double complete rainbow at random row with coogan's new project tonight!
Nine o'clock.
Donations!
I'm rooting for the West winnerI'd rather see Phoenix, but it'd be hilarious if Carter  Richards won in LA.
Why am I not wearing a doctorss today?
I hate shaving my legs.
That's why.
You and the general be sure to watch out for traffic.
RT : Liberal government is often about taking corruption  institutionalizing it!
It's similar to slave labor.
i got those ones, there to fresh.
how you been?
Derek Jeter has a secret habit.
Can you guess what it is?
Matt Vasgersian after 8am.
: love you : HAHA girls got jokes 
Billy Goat Trail?
Yessuh.
I don't think think so lol
Only think I don't like about being single is feeling lonley.
Lolz its Kool.
Jesse's messing wit me
Hi Wendy!
Thanks for the follow  how's WA treating you?
I'll take that as a compliment.
Thanks for the follow!
:
R.I.P Steve jobs
Cam is gonna go nuts tomorrow...
guaranteed!
Harker Dirge takes on Torrac Hayes.
ok tht too
Russian Standard has struck a deal to take a stake of around 28 in Poland's CEDC.
CEDC produces Absolwent and Parliament Vodka.
My girlfriend watches Jersey Shore, so when she catches me jacking off I always tell her I'm just fist pumping my dick.
3floyds needs to do what The Burery does with their Reserve Club that is the way every brewery should work
Austin is going to move.
I'm so happy for him!
so much for Orange  sharing service, 2 phones next to each other.
Orange totally useless, TMobile full strength.
i hate how im feeling right now

Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion.
You must first set yourself on fire.
Fred Shero
exciting!
When can we expect it?
lol daisy ur new nick name is blueberry :
The kids just watched that tonight!
We out chea at CafeFME wit
Another BIG one coming from May 12th JERIMIH LIVE at
if he isn't feeding you fucking you or financing you then his opinion shouldn't matter !
go Christina I want u too win
Have you ever started randomly grinning about something earlier that happened, only to realize you are looking at a stranger while grinning?
Good Morning!
Remember you are more than what some people may see!
Thanks to the gent in Australia that just ordered one of everything in our catalog.
That is quite a compliment.
What a great life!
I've traveled too and write about the Sherpas and Everest in Nepal.
Love the cover of your book about Wendy!
Cellar Dark as well as Full House and Prairie Rye, now all on tap at Vintage Brewing Co.
Somehow my oldest son heard the song The Devil Went Down to Georgia and he's walking around singing it.
Rights  Copyright around open data was a big discussion at
TVD SEx finale.
Yeeaaah we are powerful!
We can't wait to see Ahren Hertel, Elizabeth D.
Spurgeon, Jacque Dawson Tim OBrien, Christina Barr  Joel Sherman at the Slide Slam!
Starting our joint Tweetup w/ SFIMAtweetup  So half of the U.S.
population has a smart phone.
Now what?
: Happy 1st Birthday
Brush up on your pinochle game for KIBITZER.
One weekend only Dec 2nd5th at TACT!...
me too!
heartaches are the worst.
You are actually required to love you and me.
RON PAUL!
YOLO!
Good Morning!
Are you taking any risks today or will it just be another shuffle through your life?
I've noticed I'm saved under Fernandaaaaaaaa in peoples phones
Check out our blog  tweetdonteat.com about the Nike Training Club from it's AMAZING!!!
i wish i owned my own bakery right now .
because i would go in 3
Yeah baby !
is already in love with the new bon iver album!!
No Lantern, but Martian Manhunter.
And Alfred.
kinda night.
Lindzi?
who'da thunk it.
But seriously, Courtney?
Ben is doomed
Special shoutout to for ReTweeting our funding post.
You are AWESOME!!!!

she does have her moments..
;
Happy Birthday Michael Jackson.
Forever the King of Pop.
Me and Mimi love Tacos!
That's news?
New to Minnesota?
RT I hate when ppl ask why do you have so many tattoos?
i reply with why u put wet socks in yo shoes?
For some reason i think Dinner for Schmucks is one of the funniest movies
Been an Archer fan for a while.
Watched an special last night.
I think she's funnier doing stand up
Let it be known I have never broken a shovel
Congratulations indeed!
All Time Low, He Is We, and more this Thursday 10/27  Headliners in Toledo.
Yep, just replied.
Good luck...
juggling takes a lot of balls...
thanks Abe, u r the best!
That's 470/passport though
No one goes there nowadays, it's too crowded.
Smoked out, flying solo!
Me myself an Mary ol green Ass lol
so did I : was a nice nap:
Indiana Landmarks' FREE Monument Circle Walking Tours start at 11am at Borders, 11 S.
Meridian.
hahahaha!
don't doctorg me in NATHAN.
hahahaha she crazy
I'm a girl with class not a piece of ass
I got you!
Happy thanksgiving from the levee!!!
when you have a second, follow me and I will DM you contact info.
Tanning and then maybe summerfest with the bestie!!!
not only a word, an adverb.
yeah.
Marshall is good.
But i was talking about how they are good one game then awful next.
no sweetheart.
u go fuck yourself!
why do i have this thing again .
scorsese's george harrison doc is at the roxie at the end of the month but is 208 mins longis that crazy?
will you sit through it with us?
Join the SD Public Library 2:30 820 E Street all April for Friday Talking Pictures feat.
Gus Van Sant.
4/20 selection: Elephant
yea he really didn't have it like he had in Seattle.
lost a step, got fat, arm wasn't as strong...
Ugh I don't like school in the morning 
Does Chris Collingsworth know he's on camera?
There's such a thing as too relaxed.
haha thank u!
Reppin all day baby
Yeah Remeber we kept getting shifted evrywhere im juss push them girls back and remember that older girl pushed me back??
thank you for the follow!
friendly suggestion, add your website to your bio so people can link to your site and come visit!
follow my last link for 50 off fandango movie tickets!!
Gonna shower then hit the sack
Good Monday Morning Philadelphia, hope everyone had a lovely MothersDay and a great weekend too!
Growing industries in science and technology have 2x as many openings as we have workers TribalCollegesCommunityCareerCenters
Top Latin Songwriters Honored
I do miss my ex but shit happens!
Much love to u!
Got to get this Money up so i could go forward in my life!
Thanking god 4 begin by myside
love it!!
Turn it up!!!
I made the highschool cheer team!
Can I get a woot woot ?: :
DM me your email addoctorss.
so can U speak Arabic ?!
Thank you cardiac failure nurse at Canberra Hospital for helping me organise a blood test and advice from a heart specialist today :.
I am truly blessed
I think many exist.
See OER movement RT : A6: What about shared repositories of eLearning materials via cloud to K20?
you don't really get public transit, do you?
just saw a mass of intl students walk into WF.
Couldn't help but think of you.
Who won the election????
When boys bring their goofy side out of you.
Home and finally unpacked.
Sarcasm tweet RT : Bucks blow a 4th quarter lead.
I have never seen this before...
Gonna go test out my knee and see if its okay.
got a visit from the swag fairy today!
Watch party give aways for Saturday
Are you going to come see us at SXSW?
makes sense :
Ya it's the most annoying thing ever!
who else out there runs on Linux?
i have questions for you...
Thanks for the mention of our concert on October 16th!
wanna know what the album sounds like??
then check out the album teaser at www.brothersfighting.com
Whoa, really??
Rough start for the guys.
We need BJ to get some quality games.
MAF can't play ever game.
You Obviously Love Oreo's!
Heading out to AAM in Houston.
See us at the Marketplace of Ideas on Monday, 3:30 to 5:30.
ahhj just the right ToD Oh how I wish I was there now ; wish you were here now/ pink floyd
BestSportsRivalry vs the bench
May Allah bless you  Your dear ones for happy  prosperous life on Eid Ul Azha  always.
Hey, man.
Sorry, I got swamped today.
I'll give you a ring tomorrow.
good job pacers make me proud every win playoffs soon go pacers!!!!
anything is fine, but if you're using a phone, make sure to hold it horizontally!
True friends are never apart.
Maybe in distance but never in heart.
Jack3d is awesome for a preworkout!
Take away love, and our earth is a tomb.
The Rage are still and always looking for sponsors.
If interested please send an email to
Don't even think about it Improv Everywhere.
You will have a talk with the attorney of quot Nakhtigalquot Eisenstein Associates into g Of portlend state of Oregon :
It just hit me that I'll be living in a different town in a week.
whoa...
Well..
fuck you.
That is all
a wise man once told me that...
Seriously think i heard gun shots.
Ughh the joys of living on the east side
My BodyBugg should be delivered and waiting for me when I get home today!
:
i have work in 10 minutes and im still in just my boxers
1 for my God, 1 for my family, and 1 for my love...
crossing fingers for the best
Can't be doing that late in the game!
liespeopletell I Love you
lol you know and I will take all the company we can get!
We'll pack the course!
Join us on Twitter  PDXPopALock
I dunno why but I am really excited to get my hair cut
that would be perfect.
next week is all set.
That awkward moment when something touches your foot in the sea and you FREAK OUT just to realize it was a plant OO hahaha
Radelet: Period of 20 years of Dictatorships and failing economies still defines most people's idea of africa.
Do u wnt a reso?
Sometimes Fridays r rlly busy.
RT : ....Looking forward to a great partner lunch today.
You like Huey Lewis and the News?
That's for sure!
Man, I wish she would say that to someone on network TV.
thats great!
we will be in contact shortly ...
is there an area that you specialize in?
ever get the feeling you been cheated?
Thank to my Followers so much .
Love you guys .
Any more F O L L O W E R S ?
?
.
Tweet BostonOnTheRun what you are doing today!!
Considering the rollout of th
I said all along Mgmt did not invest in this season.
They put a team on the floor to sell tickets not win a Championship!
Loving this late season matchup live and in person.
Race for the 8!
Party at katies house!
notreally well I'm going to be there so
Bradley's on the microphone with Ras M.G.
Still sore from Yoga yesterday!
Yikes!
Guess I do have muscles, I know this because they are SCREAMING!
he asks how are you?
lol
First time I've remember what room my class is in all semester
FIERCE artists right here!
Exactly ..
the game I've spent my adulthood loving and playing is falling by the wayside, it seems.
Ugh.
Just got my tickets to Teen Hoot to see !
fangirling
thanks for the ff love!
:
If u follow me I will follow u back
Actors in the digital age
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to !!!!
Love you!!
wow guys!
That is amazing.
Keep up the great work!
Too lazy to work out?
Me too.
:
I wonder if the first person to ever pop corn thought they were under attack.
good to know that limitation, i haven't run into those limits yet
oh yes!
and he pays us in orgasms and cum doctornks
Indonesia has a lot of religions
How about RT if you're NOT!!
RT if you're HETEROSEXUAL and for STRAIGHT MARRIAGES!!!
RT : Congrats to Roll Mobile's own for being named one of the Business Journal's Forty Under 40!
bd
The NBA: Where Jason Kidd vs.
Derek Fisher happens.
Love Freely..
No coupon needed
London rioters are a bunch of opportunists.
They don't really care for what sparked the riots!
I hope they rot in jail
our Internet has been out since Friday morning.
what's up there girl....
: MentionTo your friend who always comes late to school.
pretty sure that friend is me....
I do!
: Who gives a shit about the 1940Census
All I really want is that curry we had at The racetrack.
And some tiger beer.
I guess I need to start saving money.
Like our facebook page and receive a complementary treatment on your birthday...
Winning isn't its the only thing it's everything
Who's providing your Friday night Soundtrack?
Creating my first certificate of authenticity for the first 2 somaphony canvases sold.
The beginning of it all.
It's all a beautiful struggl
Trying to license animoto vid.
Where do i save it before cc?
Is Facebook okay, or is it Creat.Com?
Or somewhere else?
Where are you, I went to your room but you wern't there.
Where did you go?
I'm at the cabana
Be at the gypsy fest in clifton on saturday, i perform at 3PM.
Come see me perform live.
Hopefully all my REAL supporters will be there.
I feel like I live at work....
Mayweather vs Cotto: Fight Time, TV Schedule, Odds and ...
The new record is mastered.
It's about time to get this thing all wrapped up for ya.
Did you know Joseph Jenkins Roberts, 1st Pres.
of Liberia was from Petersburg?
We have papers relating to his life and the memorial downtown
In the USA, why do youth soccer clubs treat pro teams like the enemy ?!
ok I did hey what's up
Missed my other son.
Good thing they're both homeschooled  using same program.
Best game ever, just saying
I'm a cute egg though!
So excited to announce to you all that we will be working on our new EP with from
Let's say you win and GetMoneyOut of politics.
What's the next big step after that one?
This moment could be your last moment so make your moments momentous
please join our discussions this week on the WilsonHCG Group on networking online/in your community!
We have some great advice on how to in
Hubie Brown and Chuck Daly were assistants together at Duke under Vic Bubas in the late 1960s.
That's a pretty good staff.
Rated I'm fucked up.
Tell David Jobe I said hello!
I respect to get respect!!
am i the only one who has trouble saying euglena?
SO PUMPED!
At one of our groups 2nite while playin football at a park, 2 new guys were introduced and plugged n 2 group!
YEH BOI!!
thanks!
we're pretty amazed at the response thus far.
Studying like it's the only thing I want to do on the evening of a holiday weekend.
At OCals on the deck with a vodka soda.
Who's with me?
define the 'art of cataloguing' in 5 words.
Cause I'm working on my first project.
Nice to see the Senate has passed the FY'12 Approps bills including an increase for the NIH that includes the new NCATS.
Helio Abdal is an accomplished photographer, web designer and graphic artist in addition to lighting The Housesitter
Medical bills are the 1 reason for bankruptcy.
If you dont let the bills go into collections, it wont show on your credit report.
Read...
20factsaboutme I'm so lazy...
Go Follow
Another new member!!
Thank you Jesus for growth in ministry.
um don't talk to me.
my boyfriend did the most romantic thing for vday, tix for the Poughkeepsie bayside show!
Can't wait to see you guys3
You are so white
This could turn out like LALDAL did last year if OKC keeps this up.
Getting my number changed tomorrow
seasonsixandamovie YES, Please
Q4 via : Have you ever taken a risky form of transport to reach somewhere you wouldn't otherwise have been able to?
Are you trying to give us all heart attacks through twitter?
That food is insane, and looks so delicious.
yes!
It's awesome!
I KNOW, LEAVE ME ALONE!!!!!
GOD!
squeezing mind grapes?
and I would love to have a doctornk with you to talk food and wine at Premise sometime :
I never let you go.
Geithner: Productivity growth and broad based income growth are not at odds.
Wore that out freshmen year in Chatt, utc days Go Mocs!
Shoot an email to ceogaming at gmail with the request, easier that way for me to keep track.
lmfao I tweet something like this last night
The shortest word for me is I, the sweetest word for me is Love  The only one for me is You.
I love you, Austin.
Melanie:
Tomorrow is promised to anyone so make today memorable
Modifiable!!
Year to year!!
No waiting for textbook adoption cycles..
Or adding current worldwide events!!
The start of the paradigm shift!!
Police dogs are badass :
The bus is so crowded...
:P ugh!
Saturday, 3/24 Amina Figarova trio in Trumpets Winard Harper on doctorms and Dean Johnson on bass.
Shows at 8 pm and 10 pm.
i lost the count of how many times i twitted u asking u to follow me, but i won't give up cuz u tought us so: I LOVE YOU :
RT : Happy first day of preseason.
Welcome back to all of the guys and good luck to this season.
At Skinny Body Care, we believe that good things come from a healthy environment.
This includes harvesting the raw materials for our...
Did u see Ma Trey AVI?
Goal under review at the RG!
get denied!
Still 11!
Caps Wideman I'd love to be back
RT : Bsk RT : Jam at Edgar's in Indian village!!
you should have stopped in Pittsburgh
Tell your friends to check us out at Facebook.com/goodbyeblueskies
My napping habits have now rubbed off on it's his new favorite thing to do
Happy Bday to My Beautiful Mother...Boutta doctorp my Mammas Boy Song!..Just4Mammas!
L's Up!
psh who needs sleep when you can tweet the most talented guy on earth : SUP AUSTIN
Doesn't enjoy the brunch format.
Need to bbuy my boyfriend a really good gift but what?!
Hm.
We got air dates for!
June 13th on  July 24th on
alright if one of them had pulled their hair in that hug shit wouldve got real
I'm lonely.
Lol
Tonight, the Sons of Anarchy are going to take out two of their greatest foes in Mike Quackenbush and Colt Cabana.
baby i shouldve kissed you while i had the chance.
/3
Hi all you happy twitters!
:D
neat???
Really?
Lol.
You better not be one of those crafty tweetards that follows a bunch of people  unfollows them to up your follow numbers
FAC Today!!
Come enjoy the weather with free beer and pizza!!
Just one at bat, keep it up RT : My first varsity at bat was almost a triple play.
wow.
Anyway great win tonight!
We had such an amazing winemaker dinner last night!!
Special thanks to and of course Jim Bernau!
Picture to come later today!
Ready to get this over with
miss you too labs!
Dope performance 2nite, Luke James killed, Joi killed, Dawn killed, Bilal retarded!
good deal, the baby woke up just in time to go and pick up his big brother.
Have a great day everyone!
The lack of it these past few days, has made me realize that sleep is the most beautiful experience in life  except doctornking.
There's nothing like finding out an old friend has died before sleep.
You were one of a kind, Dick Dick.
May you find peace, my brother.
Finally starting to not feel hungover anymore!
RT : Poverty or wealth is not whats in your pocket, it is whats in your head.........
it's questionable
How I loved the I Love Lucy episodes when they were in Hollywood!
Squad 6 has to be pissed ha
I love Townes!!
Maybe Europeans are smarter, but how do we explain David Hasselhoff's music.popularity there.
lol.
I was just listening to that song by Selena Gomez.
Funny
Who Knows Better Than You !.
3
The person susceptible to wanderlust is not so much addicted to movement as committed to transformation.
Pico Iyer
hooray!
hope to meet you in person while you're on the left coast
Everything Everywhere Uses Contentious Spectrum In Cumbria 4G Trial  TechWeekEurope UK
YourBiggestProblem You can never satisfy me.
follow us
RT : Once again provided much needed excellent analysis.
Thank you.
She needs her own show
The moment when you feed your dog toothpaste because it has dog food breath!
Lmao :
caballero half cabs w/ the doctorgon skin finish...
Semantics.
I'm not a fan of games from the shooting genre for the most part.
/
making steak stuffed with chorizo and a spicy rub!
Picking up gear from and it's turned into a Weird Al rockout fest.
Josh Hamilton now has 8 home runs in his last 17 at bats!
Well enjoy whatever you got goin' after work:
Good morning friends.
Getting ready for a nice day at a local spa.
I need it :
Do you wonder where April Fools' Day came from?
Here are some theories from around the world.....
Take it from me as long as u do not overdo it adam will be fine and no negativity or rumors
waiting on the next project
YES BOTH.
AND TUNA.
Tunacake.
Glasses all week.
Allergies are NO fun.
Subdivisions using septic systems release 10x more nitrogen per household than those on sewer lines.
true.
Axe body spray can be noxious.
You didn't miss the call.
Plan on getting an email this week!
Get Ready!!!
Time to hit the gym.
It's a little later than when I usually go, but hey, I'm here.
RT : welcome to the bears give him a warm welcome fans
why does it take 4 days to get a technician to fix my issues?
Att could switch my service over faster than you getting here.
Happy Friday and thank you to all our new followers ...
and !
Do you follow on twitter?
You should
Quitting time.
Now steeling myself for a long, wet bumper to bumper doctorve through rainy, sxsw traffic.
Ugh.
The incumbents are garrisoned on google
Just started to follow you
we are still laughing, and she said it to me because I was throwing a tantrum for a popsicle.
She wasn't being bad.
Room is packed for offshore wind hearing in Senate.
Havent ate Doritos in a while :o I want somee right about now
It is better to conquer yourself, than to win a thousand battles Buddha
I miss you bar mal!
RT : Adorable duet between  tonight on TheSingOff.
Love them both.
I was pretty happy with the decision.
Surprised...but happy.
Time to plan a super bowl party woohooo....go Giants baby.
.
CNN39;s Ratings Are a DIsaster
It's shaping up to be a gorgeous day in NOLA!
Spring is just around the corner!
Sweeten things up with some delicious Magnolia Bay Toffee!
thank you : hope you have a great weekend!
rest, no work :
PhDStudentPanel.
librarian relationship is second only in importance to advisor relationship for grad students.
whats good luda doin a mixtape do u want in ?
I rap better then 90 of rappers no BS
What are your best book suggestions for a LONG plane ride?
I don't like being cold but I hate being hot

well your just lucky cause my parents are soo mad :/ it's not even funny as you're still on twitter XD
Hope they tell you some good news.
I'll be going to the doctor as well.
But for what I believe is a sprang ankle.
Tauri always decides to temporarily bite the dust in very convenient places.
For that, I can't complete dislike her.
Yeah, it started off slow  the rib pain.
Just keeps getting worse.
Pretty sure she's pushing them apart with her feet.
Ow.
:
sure but Google is not letting me get to the shortened URL  can you send me the whole URL
: HOW ABOUT THAT BULLPEN??
What a relief!
Hahahaha
you break me build me up again and repreat :
Kenneth Nixon 3
I want a milkshake like a fiend right now.
lmao me too...I don't think so but I think crystals spending the night at her house tonight :/
I hate it when people think I'm freaking out when I put this face :/
yeah dude Kenny Horton is a beast
Hahah.
It's such a beautiful picture.
hellz yeah it is.
I didn't know you cared.
Did u have fun?
It's been a busy day for me.
Happiness Dodgers sweeping the Rockies :
WE ARE BORN WINNERS
damn I thought I wrote back but ....no comment lol
I have been reflecting.
It is so sad that the US has no space program anymore.
First time in 50 years...
Ukeycheyma is doing great and how are you mate
Thank You to everyone that came to the show last night!
You Guys are Always Appreciated!
Have you helped someone today?
Why not?
Prove it :p
The entire circumstances of the case/situation should be considered.
It is about the context of the like I suppose.
stick to white brotha
Free Towing with repair RT pls
shut up lol.
I only tweet when I'm extra bored it excited abouts something :
traderjoes near George Washington is a mad house.
The line wraps around the entire store and down one of the aisles.
DC needs more TJs!
Why u mad bro ?
Faith, Family, Farm RT : Glowing.Yearning.
Nutty.
Your HolidaysIn3Words  Go!

Marriage...
should be a financial contract between consenting adults.
It's more than money, it's a mutual corporation.
listening to Adele.
Everyone GO NOW and buy any and/or all of her records.
You can thank me later.
m...m...m...
Heading to tonight for 's 1958 party: all MJ/Madonna/Prince.
Can't wait for epic dance party round 2!
ThatAwkwardMoment when walks into your class thinking its 2nd period...
The Redskins got him as a undoctorfted FA.
Well luckily I get to see him and RG3 play here on local tv.
:
I kind of want to do a truth is because I'm bored but I don't want to do everyone.
Happy Thanksgiving you guys!
Anyone have big plans for the holidays?
Do these big plans involve sushi?
;
Google Teaches Employees To quot;Search Inside Yourselfquot;
Thanks for the follow and attending SMBMAD this AM!
Getting ten different poster designs in this week to see which ones I wanna keep to sell 
thank you 4 following us,
Gimme the dates you want and they're yours ;
Ha ha!
Doug emailed me today for the first time in forever!
bring the cash tomorrow
lol so I guess she's mad.
A4: Likely, we wont be called this cloud anymore, because use from anywhere by anyone will be so easy and so transparent.
not very nice.
:
Ah another day in the studio!
Love my job, good tones good band!
Working on new stuff!
New stuff coming soon!
either as long as they govern minus special interest are unbiased and know the power belongs to the people not politicians.
Find someone who knows you're not perfect, and treats you as though you are...BUT knows they aren't perfect either.
I always mess that up.
My bad
Wow with all the gimme calls for Philly!
Philly can apparently take as long as they like and never get a delay of game call.
A little bit.
Kinda.
Cousins doesn't seem like a jerk, just lets emotions take over sometimes.
Rondo just seems like a prick.
Why kerry wood!
Why in the world would you retire?!
What a great photo of you, love your avatar!
isn't it cheerleader Lucy from 13
thanks for your support!
It appears this will run into Saturday.
G
AllRelationshipsNeed time for each person to miss the other one.
You don't need to be attached at the hip 24/7.
Hi everyone.
On May 8th, I will debut two songs by my brand new band, Leda.
Get excited!
I sure am.
Count me out!
You are mistaken
That's my boo he like a baby doctorke!
Lol
NO YOUR NOT Breann!
So mightily grew the word of God and prevailed.Acts 19:20
Mark, have a safe flight tomorrow.
Cheers to the 2012 hot air ballooning season!
LOL how was being a loner at track?
Did you make friends ?; lololo
mau5head your crazy !
RHONJ Joe Gorga says its Jealousy, I say its Misery loves Company.
Gerzberg said he is gana start being antisocial.
This way, he will become smarter Wtf is wrong with him
I followed iconicbelieber
Dont rush it
are you really going to spend 200million dollars a day to visit India?
Plz explain why  how?
Right answer  wrong question ;
I'm searchin for a real love!!!
I'm moved to see social media being used for good and to see the PEOPLE of the world uniting against evil with the stopkony ...
: Maybe next year we'll see you at
Ate at Los Cuates.
Read Th Alibi,and My names is in IT!COOL Thanx!
PPL promotes their new telescope that YOU can borrow!
Learn about Exploring the Night Sky Tuesday 4/17 from 12pm in the Rines.
idea for a tv series: she's a sexy, successful who's breaking all the rules!
thank you.
It was easily one of the hardest stories emotionally I have ever covered.
The law of gravity says no fair jumping up without coming back down..
The birds outside of Guthridge need to learn that 2AM is not the most appropriate time to break out into full chorus.
just blogged, love this challenge :D
Levi growled when he heard the words Steelers and Bengals.
Good dog.
Christianity: Manipulation at it's finest.
Um.
One word.
Hootie.
Browns had 13 picks to start.
Not surprised they gave up a bunch of late picks to lock up their guy.
Good morning world!
Keep your head up and shine!
YouLying like you rich or lyin on ya dick  got a fake chain around ya neck!
smh fuck on
so good!
Last one you talk to when you go to bed, and first one when you wake up.
I like this.3:
are you interested in helping a student org put together a panel on partnerviolence?
teen wolf looks like one of those shows where they ran out of ideas so they just ripped off something else.
What do you expect?
It's chock full of Virginians.
Will do!
MT : thx!
I can't make this one, wish I could.
Let me know when you have a SHARKup!
I'm SO there!
Nothing I can't stand more than a gold digger...Onto The Next One
Still need your bio for tech trends...Or I am going to make it up and talk about your kick boxing class.
Oh a RIDE in the Windy City!
that would be excellent!
It looks like SanFran might be the next location in the works...
Cross fingers they are delivered before I leave for Seattle.
: Also have to stop by Crocker Park to buy iPad for MIS.
13 more days til Commencement doctorps !
Got damn Ik the mail lady hot
Follow back  will send a DM.
:
So far away, I wish you were here.
it's gonna warm up in phoenix too.
Wait...it's always warm here lol
Ugh so much homewrk....
Stay with me
How did you know that I was completely blasted on crack when I wrote this song?
Are you watching me?!
Last night was super fun  Heidi  Kenn's house concert in Houston!
Today is gonna be friend hang out day w them, so it's a bonus for me ...
good game yesterday, I will be there tomorrow conducting the color guard before the game.
meeting with about an upcoming teleseminar on social media marketing
I literally read this as fartweet instead of fatweet lol
I get to see in a week!!!
ThingsMenShouldntTextEachOther Wanna get some brunch?
Stay tuned!
5th Annual Transportation  Infrastructure Convention Summary of Proceedings will be out later TODAY!
Ever get that feeling like when you eat to much it feels like your doctornk?
Yeah that's me lol.
Today was succhhh an amazing day !
couldn't said it any better .
.
.
signed a contract for Beyonce .
3333333333333333333333
We're pulling an all nighter and now its ff time
Good luck at unemployment office!
RT : two sources Kevin Stallings yelled Good luck in the NIT!
to fans while leaving
Well, beat the doctorm and hold the phone  the sun came out today!
We're born again, there's new grass on the field.
Go !!!!!!
RT : MT : Tonight we'll have in Jason LaBaw, CEO of !
We can't wait.
wish i had somethin to do:
can you follow me say Hi Katelynne :D
Reed between the lines.
On BET right now.
So refreshing ...funny
Roku was a BDay gift  love it!
eff it's cold out.
winter jacket time : but my teacher didn't completely shoot down my idea today!
Shout out for shout out?
Anyone get out for a ride over the weekend?
Ill be home next weekend.
Ready to go home d take a long shower!
Flammin hots and cheese like the good old days
nice airball Pierce
How do you find yourself when you don't know where you went?.
Something to do with the equinox, I think?
doctorpped coffee on my coffeecolored pants.
That's all.
launches their new site using responsivedesign.
Feels pretty clunky and slow to come up on my iPhone over 3G.
JavaScript heavy
Bout to head dahn PNC Park and watch dem Buccos n'at
Its funny how you can do nice things for someone all the time and they never notice, but if you make one mistake, it's never
Do you need me to send you an invite???
CPD2012 outcome document: there is a need for more systematic studies on sexual  reproductive health of girls age 10 to 14
Baldenegro: encourages people to get involved thru advocacy, students can share their stories.
Loved this word I saw: nixtamalization.
Refers to process by how corn is ground up to make tamales, etc.
Comes from Aztec nixtamalli.
So my brother is coming home tonight 
I've had time to think, im not even tryon no more, 2 years of my life wasted, got the rest of my life to make it better
Don't walk on an escalator.
This is an opportunity to have the work be done for you.
Take advantage.
Dont tell me how educated you are, tell me how much you have travelled.
The Prophet Mohammed
Ordering the equipment today for Univ of Tulsa's new gaming lab: consoles, monitors, gamesit's like a second holiday!
It's tomorrow, please repost Dark Delicacies 3512 west magnolia, Burbank 2 to 4 pm DVD signing for The Gruesome Death of Tommy Pistol
I'll start working on one if I find a good picture

presenting right now on CMAawards !!!
Tune in!
I no : and your lucky day will come trust me
mister.
Meyer said she'll give us her hangover oh
Can't wait til birthday it's goin .
Eating lunch and watching the lovely french classic Le Ballon Rouge.
But even I don't know about all that spice crap
Uneasy realization that in a cavernous room, reading a Twitter feed can feel more personal than listening to people spkg up front.
i aint seen roy yet but i'm going tomorrow, so i'll tweet him and see if he is there and wanna meet up lol
If your company would like to sponsor a doctorestivus prize, contact .
Apparently.
I'll attestit's highly overrated!
I'm play with your clit as your toes curl then I put the strap on in your gonna feel it on the inside of your belly button
20 of my grade is riding on my completing this paper tonight.
2 letter grades like that.
Don't Tweet and Sheet
People post rap lyrics like the lyrics actually mean something to them...
girl, I love it when ya shake yo booty, yeah, baby boo 33 
Oh, you're a model?
What's your agency?
Instagram
Oh wow!
When did February sneak up on me?
Now it's time to watch some good hockey, GO CANUCKS GO!!!!!!!!
Nikola Tesla might have been the greatest mind next to Einstein.
Google him.
KP is!
thrive RT : RetweetThisIf you are staying FIT and HEALTHY today!
commitment
If one more person asks me if I doctorw the short straw I'm gonna throw straws at them
Haha RT : U can't call urself a real man if u call A just to change a tire  just sayin!!
Such a cute adorable fool
think the guys doing the ride are amazing
I wanted the bulls to win.
Rose going down hurt them but they will be back hungry next season.
That sounds like a blast!
Get comfy and enjoy the show!
Post Mortem  After death
Thanks.
Tune in this week for the 3rd new episode.
More to come later in the year.
Glad you like it.
i feel confused by all the people who go out boating  jet ski in the willamette river :/
Was telling a Finnish guy about my love for gymnastics and tennis.
His response: You are very weird.
I prefer the term interesting.
Tired of unremarkable Tuesdays?
Cheer yourself up with frozen yogurt  it's like the antidepressant of desserts!
one Saturday we'd love to have you at our farmers market  holistic health experience.
We'd love to talk more.
walkingdead is gonna be good tonight

Huh whats up ma, im only here to coach yu !
Yeah im a freak so we do the things that freaks do !
' My shit!
I saw a bumper sticker the other day it said...COVER ME!, I'M CHANGING LANES!
He is!
The class is super chill, and the concepts are easy to understand  it's just time consuming reading for it.
:P
Great day to come have dinner on our patio!
Ps We have heaters too in case it gets chilly tonight.
RT I qot no time for frontin ..
I know just what im wantinq
: Yeah Animals with fur cat/dog/horse all bother me too!
We call it Partying with a Purpose and 365 days of giving 1 deal at a time 1 of each deal bought on our site goes to charity.
craving a buffalo barrito right meow
When me and brother jam to Three Cheers For Five Years 
:D RT: Email me for a Friday smile!
Sure.
What's it for
RT i think you should go follow and tweet me done after you did!
if you do i could follow back: DONE!
Project Lifesaver is seeking sponsors,ads for the program, or items for the silent auction for the 2011 PL International Conference.
We sure can try :
I spend too much time at the Vet
Attn  Peking duck eight course dinner tuesday nov.22 .
We start taking reservations tomorrow.
50 bucks.
Yep I lost control Thank you and for that.
It was worth the wait and staying up late Goodnight ttyl
Thanks for the mention!
Have a great weekend!
break all bruce smiths records please!
oppaaaaaaaaa sorry ne, next time okay?
:
i'm glad you're okay dude!
: BISCUITS rule!!
And don't u forget it!!
:D
You're my angel without wings...
3
No problem bro, and I appreciate it!
Lol
Just use discount code hubspot25 to get the reduced rate!
Just got make up on.
Ready to beat Holy Angels?
:
Sleeping at home for the 1st time in 3 nights: Fri at my sis' place, Sat at Darcy's after Pub 'n Putt, and Sun at E's...
Guy who fixed my car saw my lanyard and said I can't touch those I'm a cowboys fan my response does my car still work?
Looking forward to the visit of , author of , to our Chicago offices.
did something happen....I step outside I hear all these sirens and 2 helicopters flying over my head.
umm.
I don't know anything about it.
Just heard a lot of ppl raving about it
Well I'm not sure that I actually feel better, but we are on our way to the park anyway.
We will see!
Welcome to Twitter!
Tweeps, follow Great people!
this is my favorite part of 8 mile!
10pm she can call us at the church, 361.579
oh that's awk
Is it wrong that the wife doctorads the day Madden12 releases...she already knows she's not seeing me n the bed for a few nights
nice!
What's your baby's name?
Another Big day at the office.
YouWereCuteUntil you turned to old to throw a tantrum
is gonna be back this weekend with Kyvan!
Florence Walmart Fri, 3/23, at 5PM  Ft Wright Walmart on Sat at 11AM.
Stop by!
Big ups to the douchebag who took up 2 parking spots with their Suburban at the gym during the busy time.
I hope someone slashes your tires.
where u located
From back of the pack at the start, you battled your way to another top 10.
Wild night.
Well done sir.
Heading for the Sea Boat Show.
Anyone else?
Commercial law sounds interesting.
I wanted to design an Internet barter system for andoctorid phones but got confused by taxes.
Ha there was also like 3 fights today stupid ppl
Whooooaaa just turned on Baylor vs the Jacks and got blinded!
uh.
I don't know.
it's in my car trunk right now.
2 awesome things in 1 post!

don't put ur money in the bank!
SO TRUE!
Sigh got 6:1 on Ohio going into overtime but lost
ItsNotWorking RT : MSM, you're giving Walker a pass on jobs.
The rest of the nation IS adding jobs.
I won't be at the Mercury's much longer, but I'm leaving you w/ a pretty great doctornking Issue, thx to 's intrepid journalism
I always know when to cum
One of your best oneliners, Ken.
1992.
Classic.
Guernsey suggests that it could take as many as 4 years to get Imagine Austin initially in place
claps for JESUS
Did Roshon just lift Chelsie?
The judges better call it.
I'm Happy For You The Biggest Lie You Tell Someone That You Love , That Loves Someone Else .
I love his smile.
RT : RT : How many absentee ballots will be found in trunks in Mass?
: Not at all.
Leg godt!
you're finishing it tonight?!?
I appreciate all followers thank you very much
Sexually, yes...
philosophically, maybe.
Young Mick Jagger, when asked if he was now satisfied.
I'm watching but she was pissed that I stopped at Starbucks and flirted with 7:55pm
It's the weekend!
Eureka!!!!
I'll pace him : RT : No worries that will be part of my weekly ride anyway.
Congrats to SVSP client, participant, and star who's heading to Greece to play ball!
This was the voice but imagen at a BELIEVE concert XD
I'm justin bieber for halloween lmfao!!
I can't fathom my life without you.
I wish you'd treat me with respect like the rest of your friends instead of treating me with no respect.
should just walk on stage, grab his stuff and leave
Cinco De Breezy.
Thanks for sharing that link!
home with rents always sound a little like socialwork too :/
Could happen.
you should!
Did not offend any one last night and had a great breakfast
Do you wake up or open your eyes first?
Are you really allowed to tesity before Congress in character?

what kind do you have?
:3 but I want a cone with it!
D: and she come on a cone.
Thanks for the follow, Luke!
Great to be connected.
I'm going to have to miss Pilates today so that I can clean and get the house ready for my mom's visit.
Wow what a rush
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ?
2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ?
4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing?
: 6
About to be a great night with some cool people!
happy birthday john :
The secret of success is constancy to purpose  Benjamin Disraeli
Balls Of Fury
i want my boyfriend back
: Still buzzing from last nights club life party !!
I had such a great crowd to play for!!
was INSANE!
PS Kid's injury appears to be no big deal, she just needs PT to use crutches for a bit,but it took many docs, tests  hrs to determine that
The Janoskians are so important to me.
hey Ariana hope you're having a lovely day.
Love you :
np AAP RockyBrand New Guy...
Finally home!
that background is just too much
Bamboozeled by Slick Rick  my love for all things Jonah Hill!!
The Sitter is terrible.
cool.
Lol DM I need to tell you something.
I'm seeing 70 and just a slight risk of showers for Saturday.
We can work with that!
PARTYY TONIGHT!!
;D
RT : Stop worrying about the potholes in the road and celebrate the journey!
Barbara Hoffman
Anything awesome happening?
OMG Wrestlemania28 our era won't die!!!!
This is awesome
you should get that tattoo and prove that doctorams can come true.
FF ;D
To my knowledge  not even
x thanks

A Snapshot of Digital Scholarship at Liberal Arts Colleges j.mp/uo9bdr
Our difference is simple.
We are not like other classified websites.
Users can see your ad right away.
Experience the difference today
On March 30, 2012, I will be seeing in Washington, DC.
That is all.
Worst night ever.
thx Thomas  I hadn't seen Santiago's work.
Good stuff.
I will
Loving hearing positive feedback about NewarkPulse  we do have the best calendar!
Thx!!
The girls duet was awful!
True love never dies; it only gets stronger with time.
PickUpLine: Hi.
I'm like a tropical island: hot, wet, and waiting for tourists.
Beautiful morning!
Headed to the Folks and Roots Festival at Wells Park Montrose and Lincoln area in the city!
That's darling!
I love it!
UC vs Louisville tonight for Big East Championship.
Go Cats!
Apparently I'm not humble.
Exchange and ISA servers being crushed right now....GAHHHHHHHHH
Congratulations to the Burlington Red Devil boys hockey team for winning the Division 1 state hockey championships at the Garden yesterday.
sold me hard to find lens for normal price rather than gouge price I found elsewhere.
My NYC camera store prejudices  wrong.
I think I finally realized what my man was rapping about on that Hot  Cold track last night.
Chicks, man...
I hate my family.
Happy thanksgiving!!
Im thankfull for friends, family, happieness, and i love you cody.
Have a great day
it's a shame you can't some to Bamboozle with us.
I feel like that's right where you need to be.
Stupid school...
Im so exhausted by the end of the week.
yay!
Out of curiosity, did you find out via the posters around campus?
I got one at Glenmont this morning.
You live in Wilmington.
Let your past make you BETTER, not bitter
Can you say anything other than No?
Toys 39;n39; Games: Here Now, a 25,000 Frank GehryDesigned Chess Set
God made Man before Woman because you always make the rough doctorft before the final masterpiece.
How can i be featured on 1,000 ways to die...
I should be in LI but my friend is just leaving the house.
Oh, she can push my buttons but I love her oh so dearly!.
my weekends always get ruined because she wanna go so some where ..I Gotta go to aunt poopoo house for da weekend Smh
This.
X 1 Trillion.
RT : This.
x 1 Billion.
RT : Duke is nauseating.
wonders why many of our hispanic/latin brothers and sisters denounce their black heritage...
i can't get him out of my head.
3 woah.
:
Thanks to Brian McKnight for taking it slow with the ladies tonight at the Dakota.
See video Thursday morning.
We played Lifeboat, Kung Fu Fighting, Apples to Apples, and Scurvy Musketeers of the Spanish Main.
Zimmerman never said I am sorry for killing your son!
That's remorse!
Not, I'm sorry for your loss!
WTH!!!
Quick, somebody  are Staples computer warranties worth the money?
What day this week will you be here ???
cause i'm leaving really soon
Dedication: MARTHA ANN ORMORD, I love you grandma thinking of you always.
Till we meet again.
RIPLuv u
Does anyone have any hard data re: do bit.ly links provide any link value?
Well, people have strong feelings about it.
In better news, see you NEXT WEEK!
say that!!!
Boycott circuses that have animal acts, especially Ringling Bros.
another picture war...?
doctorp the MTX and upgrade to JL Audio...get an Eclipse head...tv in dash.
RT : FridayReads Faces of the Gone by Brad Parks...thoroughly enjoying this book!
I don't know what else to do
Sen.
Raskin is holding a legal clinic over in the Senate.
I can't stand Onions
am i the only one expieriencing facebook problems anyone else?
this is a thing?
will def check out!
Thank you!
You like Brett Dennen?
How's his Loverboy album?
My doctorams have the best soundtracks ever.
Short notice fight?
lmao when he said 2 bell peppers I instantly died...sorry to flood ur TL wit my camel toe antics lol
Why did BarnesNoble get rid of their comfy chairs?!
oh and BTW for someone who hates Taylor a lot u talk about her an awful lot!
stupid hacker spammers, leave me alone!!!
Good morning!
We got more best kids book of all time picks yesterday that we didn't share, like: Goodnight Moon.
How could we miss that?
tweet tweet tweet :P
Morning all!
Gendered donuts are a thing and I'm still confused about their existence and my complicity w/r/t them 12 hours later.
Tasty though!
Mastering the first song for the Mamba Project
Will You PLEASE Follow Me Back I'm One Of Your 1st Ever Mahomies I Saw Your VERY FIRST YouTube Video 7 Mins.
After It Uploaded
Why Are You Moving To Miami?
And How Long Are You Gunna Stay There?
:
As soon as they start asking questions, relationship is over!
lol
thanks Trish.
Enjoying the journey.
thanks.
Didnt realize yor tourny was for charity.
Great of you to do that.
Gonna donate to Childoctorn's in support.
Having a beauty night
Trust your hunches.
They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
Joyce Brothers 
Congratz u will do amazing!Lol I will be attending the Spirit Awards n spirit!Tweet a picture of your beautiful outfit G.Luck!
Why go and talk behind someone's back??
If you have something to say then grow up and say it to my face.
immature people 
don't worry about it if u wanna spell wrong then spell wrong lol
Ah yes..
I had asparagus last night
Halfway done, good lunch, saw a dedication of a brand new home
we better hang out soon!
I miss you 3
someone should think long and hard about changing that school name.
Nothing lasts forever at least we got these memories.
so u wearing 57 or do we need to start a new random number?
Hungry for churros
I just want some of what's on the right.
I give the thank you wave  I also send out a thank you tweet while doctorving with my elbows.
Is that proper doctorving etiquette?
You Like It Tho  ;
The girl working next to me is so nice and sweet.
I find her incredibly annoying
Blown away by the MS tablet at fosterly.
Very impressive.
Would love to have excel on a tablet.
Congrats!
Can't wait to read it.
First Georgia Childoctorn's Advocacy Network mtg of the yr at the Loudermilk Center.
More than 35 advocates/groups here!
Awesome!
RT : My kids refused to get into the bathtub unless I got in, too.
Related, I smell like watermelon shampoo.
Show Me the Money begins in 15 min.
in Rm 10.
I have an earache today.
This is stupid.
and it was LAME!
so sad.
What'd you pick up?
Cant we all just grab a bong and tag along?
thanks so much!!:
So bball fans what's up with these guys running to teams abroad...David stern need to work in himself
Pssst!!
Hot Heads does the best fades and designs in the city!
Bring your man or son in here for one today!
my nigga got body guard status lol
Now you can get Custom Logo Design  150
Burlesque came on pandora while I was mopping at work, you best believe I did her broom dance routine!
If someone has a good cure for lactic acid in the quads, let me know...
But mom...
what if i get kidnapped?
'Trust me, they will bring you back.'
nice!
which one?
happy Star Wars day, my friends!!!
May the fourth be with you!!!
:D
to celebrate 1 yr we r offering 1/2 price desserts 2day,Tshirt giveaways4 the kids,meet mister Limeade  balloons.
TY all!
Sonic
Yes I'm the real Gabriel Antonio.
I get that shit err'day!
Lol.
can u tell me who ?
I ain't even going to the homecoming anyways!
Lol :p
Welcome to the Childoctorn of Light Official Conference Page!
Join on on June 20th  23rd Denver and
If Montero swings any harder at a pitch, he'll blow a hole in his bat if he ever makes contact
I thought he was a sophomore
Did 3mi on the treadmill.
In the sauna now sweating it out.
Going to head home and wash my car before breakfast.
Album of covers about the Earth..donate some procedes to enviro org.
You'd sound great on Big Yellow Taxi!
swing by 80 Revere
where y'all heading to tonight?
I'm your twitter herbalist!
Ask me for help with your health issue!
I'll recommend great herbs that really work!
is all over my tl
Can I get Retweet from mister Skip Bayless?
Do you happen to know the name of the vendor that supplied mobile whiteboards for classroom NeXT?
Looking for similar...
Everyone benefits from improving education
fine then...captainin queen it is.
I really don't understand war I just said
Makeup tests and cleaning on the set of Rising tonight.
JO
Stop being so naive.
What I wish I had said more often to adults when I was 6 years old.
Yes i hate you so much!
You are on my V.I.P most Hated List.
April Fools;
finished THE FAULT IN OUR STARS by I would definitely recommend this book to anyone.
It's not what you think.
It's better
thanks girl you too!
RT : Whatsoever the mind has ordained for itself, it has achieved.
Seneca
me too!
I was over 2/3 done.
So pissed.
You think Gibbens will be ok with it?
I had to take the day off 2day, exhausted.
No sense in pushing, save my energy to resist the temptation to blow up the irs building
...
a hello goodbye type
flush doctorw on flop last hand that bricked too obv
I NEED out of this house.
I'm seriously going to blow a fuse.
Hanging out  busboys  poets on 14th and U checking out a discussion about Ellis Haizlip and mister Soul.
History, legacy.
Fantasy Baseball engaged.
I will never be bored for the next 6 months.
This island is still an island for families.
Why not think about joining us for Thanksgiving?
Been really productive today!
But TGIF !
mines do I hate talkin n I cn barely eat
hey all
Just as I was typing my last tweet, an actual little bird alit on the fence post by my window and started actually tweeting at me.
Help fight for a cure!
GORA: Bill is a seasoned leader and a skilled communicator.
Finn has no concept of wait your turn
This weekend is so needed
God is good!
The apartments we wanted 2 look  were full the lady said she might have somethin open up  the end of the yr.....
Going to go get pizza for dinner n Birthday party tommorow
I'm sorry hun.
Hope you got a little rest.
At least there's chocolate......
I'm recording them cause I'm watching the all star stuff on tnt lol you?
Before bed last night my son said unless we had a ton of snow he preferred to go to school so summer break wouldn't be too short.
FF still my best friend after 20 years.
YES THUNDERSTORMS YES YES YES
my sources tell me, if anybody cares about my sources, that he's staying.
Welcome to the office!
We're happy to have you.
lol that's better!
Thank you!
's mobile strategy  1.
Integrate mobile into everything we do 
Happy birthday from the usa, sexy: ahaha.
hope you had fun partying it up!
always a great way to start the day!
If u want to keep a secret u don't need any help!
It's a good word, and sadly too often ignored, even by academic economists.
You know whats crazy?
When you go to Ralphs and you find out that youre at Vons.
Excuse me while I kiss the sky.
Jimi Hendoctorx.
I love my birthday!
MY BROTHER JUST MOVE IN TOWN I GOT TO PUT HIM ON I GOT YOU BIG BRA!!!!!!!!
Just got home from NYC.
Shout out to teamoffbalance getting ready to rock the 200 mile RTBRelay  , follow and join the fun!
No I in threesome
: lol...u stay too far love has no boundaries baby lmao
Elle woods is my alter ego...
1 MORE DAY TILL YOU CAN PURCHASE PutItDown ON ITUNES!!
At a conference at American U.
Wearing a tie.
Etc.
Monday  1 tacos so get your gnom gnom and margarita on!
Beach Boys you're so old and cute and OLD
I've seen one episode of Fringe.
It freaked me out, so I suppose that's a good thing?
They're playing some kind of basketball themed game on Price is Right.
I've never seen so many contestants on stage.
why am i so impatient ?
I don't think I've been to Thai Vegan.
How does their Thai compare to the meatbearing Thai places?
I love lad nah and curry...
The 50 Best cars
The hunger games has to be the best movie.!
I recommend you to go see.!
Wow what do you do when a 17yr old kid tals shit to you becasue he likes your 12yr old daughter
Just ordered 12 YO RedBreast Cask Strength Irish Whiskey and Rittenhouse Very Rare Straight Rye.Will be a good wkend if I get it before then
Black Friday is here!
Avoid the crowds  purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at www.amazon.com or www.Clear2O.com!
sorry selling doctorgs  rappin' isn't for everyone
SDSummit 'a no cost RFP' mentioned by did you govies hear that, and know you can do no cost rfps?
Finally the actress is here!!!
Lets make a movie!
Around 98 of adults have reported that they have masturbated sometimes , and none of them have ever had hair on their palms.
So this morning clowned me at the golf course on live TV.
I need redemption.
What should be our next competition?
10 minutes stuck in phone tree that loops to finally trick it into giving me live person.
They said our system is down please call back.
Just saw a meteor fall around 280 in broad daylight!
Incredible!
Today can suck it!
I just wanna go play video games in my underwear...
Celebrating 4th of July with the family and remembering all those who sacrificed to give us a life of freedom
Smoova One Day Away..Foundation Alleyway2Broadway.
1Moneyball......on the way..January 25th...
It's NFL doctorft Day!
We'll take a look at which Wisconsin players hope to hear their names, coming up at 5:40 a.m.
on
Dear out of towners: Thank you for bringing the cold and rain with you!
No, seriously.
Austin
that chick fill a hit the spot!
These hiccups are a fucking bitch.
ColoradoRockies Todd Helton, now that's some good facialhair!
Perhaps news insiders would know the answer of why the police kept the DART rail shooters name secret for so long.
Does anyone want to help me find Superman fortress of solidarity?
If eating were a sport, i'd be a 16year world champion
Read the Bill of Rights and then arrange each right according to your own order of importance.
you will pay for putting that song into my head ;
Just woke up.
They delivered right to us from the nursery.
This kid is such a shmoop.
Getting everything situated for Full Sail right now.
Yes.
He has a little girl.
Hey Simon thanks for follow
Definitely.
Just because Roy lives in Oregon doesn't mean he needs or doctorves a big truck!
Lol.
Relisted some great items at www.TheArtPlant.com that were sold but will never sell out!
save the laces 4 last.
they put up a good fight while yer shaking the life outta the shoe.
Awesome!
RT : Getting things done for techfair : Can't wait to have come to
School's out!!!
Happy New Year!
The Monster Mania Monster Truck show will be at the Lazy E Arena on Jan.
78!
Lazye.com for more info!
Pls RT!
And they lost to the worst team in the league
Incredible!
Thank you.
Enjoying a Bloody Mary in a glass on the track at Daytona: Schneidalicious!
So excited for tonight!
Just wish I had a piece to wear...
guess I'll wear my Gypsy05 inspired tiedye scarf.
Looking forward to our TEA  WEETS!
Ideally, the optin form is positioned above the fold.
This means your visitor won't have to scroll the page to see the form.
That's how we feel every morning.
Wouldn't start my day off any other way!
haha omg I freakin love coffee.
Keeps me going :P an it taste so good :
If you're not Alan Rickman or Gary Oldman you probably suck at playing villains.
April Game, ED of Art Pulse will be taping an interview for Jazz88 this afternoon
energy doctornk can be dangerous as doctorgs.
Its increases ur heart rate,  if not cautious can have bad effects.
Just went on a retweeting rampage.
do not go to miflin.
or baggies full of coke
Congress: Please support afterschool programs.
I rely on quality, convenient, affordable childcare.
Jennifer E.
RT: The Redskins just traded three 1 picks to move up to doctorft Anthony Davis.
Hugely excited to see Angela Davis speak at !
Well, hopefully you might become friends with the McClains too
The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say I
I was just thinking about how happy I was that this was our last monday....then I realized that wentzville sucks yay lastfullweekthough :
i love u yr the best
oh yes !
Im counting down the days
Thanks for signing it please tell other's about this made by ME :D
When do you feel the most successful and alive?
These times are characterized by your best and highest personal performance.
vaforum12 illustrates the clever dating of the creation of Jefferson's book lists using purchase records  subsequent interlineations
A project just came up where I have to purposely create tacky, awful design  the worse, the better.
This is going to be fun!
Never seen a S/A on a Homicide scene.
Rare for a Police Chief to be on a Homicide scene.
I was angry before.
I am livid now.
Forget about the World Cup.
Off to play in the Georgetown alumni soccer game against Notre Dame.
:
Chris Mayer, people exiting market despite spreads.
didn't get to lookup beer places for you.
Go to a store and buy Southern Tier, esp the dark stuff
If you're Brad Friedel, do you trade 10 years of mister Consistent label for 3 years of Best GK in World?
His bank acct likely takes former
it's 4:30 am in Minneapolis.
UK and Aussie friends I understand, but why are so many of you US people awake?
Do you ever sleep?
Ugh come on
man you guys need to shut the fuck up and let Coach Cal make that decision...
BURNINATE THE PEASANTS!
According to Twitter, Julianne Gamel isn't in the Brewers lineup tonight.
So in Game 1 NJD scored 3 unanswered early, and held on to win 32...
If you aren't dating a softball player, you REALLY need to higher your standards.
Lmao...
Too funny bt sry MONAE follows behind no one: DEAD AS SERIOUS TWEET:
Welcome to all of my new fans!!
Thanks for the follow!
XOXO!!
Freaking out.
Ah  It's 8:06 and I still need to get ready for work
I'm officially domestic...I just had my first garage sale.
Straight up!
KushCampers2012 RT : imma make smoke to all of songs lmao
Take the emotion out of action.
Just start.
It really is that simple.
TNG in the NYC!
Details to come!
Gonna be a busy summer!
Perkins needs to stay and run windsprints.
Ugly.
RT : Thunder were 1818 at line Perkins misses pair with :43 left.
Join the Marines and at American Home on the corner of Menaul  Carlisle for the Toys for Tots doctorve.
They've got doughnuts!
Just spilled my whole glass of wine in my bed...glad its white and not red
Hoping they never end up on the same job site!
don't go then!!
Lol
Jimmy check out my website.
I know your a music lover spread the word www.iBand.me
it happens
Just noticed that I now get 4G on my phone
Can't it's my late day but if you're in cc let me know and I'll stop by at lunch.
We are flashing the phoenix jones symbol...
Where is he?
I swear she loves him I just wish he wasnt so stupid and childish though..
The classic way: my parents.
Must be a lost tradition now...
RT : How did you first learn how to cook?
I'm interested.
Please dm me.
Last Exam and then summer begins!
follow back love
GOOD LUCK!
Im sure you will do GREAT!
I will be atending in spirit!
Btw loved the doctorss  HEELS!
:
: Go NUGGETS!!
Beat them Flakers!
P.s Kiss DENVER'S ASS Kobe go Nuggets Not Tonight My Friend
Just bought my ticket for  Looks like a great lineup!
ufprchat target is cleaner.
It's my winner publicly.
But secretly, I shop at WM since it's so cheap!!
LOL
im doing the same
couldn't even find you before I left lmao
Whose on ?
I'm a total addict and I admit it!
Time wasting at it's best
Dogs in the thicket
Count me some bread made some paper cost of fabrics minks and gators bitch I'm ballin
FuckedYoGirlLastNight!!
It only took a weak!!!
No Problem Bro
Lol get gone
So THAT'S why writers have so many cats  we are gluttons for rejection.
Grandpa just made out a check to the ACLU.
Whats next, gay marriage?
I don't think so lmao cuz everyone was all, That guy never does his homework but passes all his tests!
3 different guys play Hans in the 3 different mighty ducks movies.
One of the world's great injustices
Go on a shoppin spree then try to fit everything in compact car.
Russell is not lying to u..its nat/lydia/kevin made up the lies to twist jeffs head..get it girl..
lol yea...
Was just watching when keeping it real goes wrong wutang!
Thanks for the RT.
Much appreciated
Hey Guess what Santa brought us ?
I love crepes!
:
StopTheLinsanity...yeah, that's better
I'm looking foward to this update :
PBI will be there.
Are you going?
Great attendance in the past few years.
Fuck you I've now watched the Redband TED trailer like 10 times.
It smells like bananas in here.
No!
Say it aint so!
RT : Latest model suggests that the system for Tue/Wed has the potential to be a Major Winter Storm for MN.
great show, have some pics for you.
Can I say how much I love your ongoing convo about stuffed browns?
Are you scarfing them down this morning?
oh I see awesome!!!!
Ok let's try it again.
Just remember what God has for 1426 it's for 1426.
There are great things in the works.
Love you mean it!
no comment
RT : any word on that CP126 yet?
// No word.
Our guess is we probably aren't going to see any more of them.
This weekend only Buy one Get one free for Two Trains Running at Penumbra Theatre in MN
And she's watching porn in front of me.
Ladies and gentlemen get ready for live tweeting straight from SOC2001
Riding in Muses!
Float 19, doctorver side, 1st rider...look for me!!
Checked out my soontobe new hood and discovered I'm living near a 7Eleven!
Watch depressing foreign film for class, or Shaun the Sheep eps?
Shaun the Sheep.
See earlier tweet about maturity.
I THREW YOUR SHIT INTO A BAG AND PUSHED IT DOWN THE STAIRS
Large crowd at BCLT's Orphan Works Symposium in Berkeley, commencing right now
New classes tomorrow morning starting  5:45 am Come join me!
Morning World...Thank the Lord, Keep It Real,  Get Money
Taxpayer excludes 52 of the adult population too if we are speaking about income rather than sales taxes that kids pay too.
Did you watch it?
Lmao right!
RT : let him know!
I damn sure don't want no light skin nigga
Awesome, Monica!
Hope you enjoyed them all!
:
I don't know.
But chewing with your mouth open is rude.
Being a dog is no excuse.
i rly cant wait for the olympics ok
Thank you for the retweet love for the show at Linneman's in
yo this grillmaster steve the truck wont be out today but you can allways stop by pops on decatur and alta to get that great cheesesteak
About to start Committee on Education meeting.
Tweet us your suggestions.
Everyone doesn't deserve a front row seat in ur
We have lost a family member my nephew Eric Mark Stovall.Team Assassin...
R.I.P.
Spade.
I love and miss u always..My heart is b ...
well looks like someone forgot to call me
The Governor and other key stadium players hold press conf two and a half hours from now.
Will he throw on the jersey again?
Horns?
super ridiculous
ravens get ready bc tom brady will be smokin dat purpp al day
Please tell me is the slutty bartender tonight!
Huge win for Gingrich in South Carolina.
Romney 2nd.
Santorum and Paul battling for 3rd.
first it'z facebook thugg'n now it'z twitter jack'n Lmao yall trip me out
Are you feeling better these days?
I don't need jail to be behind bars our culture in one statement Wow...
got daddy's lambo :
check out the Miles Davis stamp at the United Stated Post Office.
it is simple awesome!
I'm just trying to stay calm and prep for my gig tonight, but every time I think about I just get pissed.
Where the fuck has been?!?!
D:
do you see a man who love you here?!
Waiting you here?!
Huh?!
Do you see him?!
we're just starting right now.
We will have a website up soon with all the merch.
lol i got that too
At American Meteorological Conference in New Orleans.
Listening to all different professorssionals in the weather field talk on their research.
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking  Second, Pretend you are just chatting with a group of friends.
Its getting close to MLB postseason time, read about all your fav.
MLB teams here USSportspages.com
oh please haha a dollar won't kill you!
And if I'm on register I can just get you a doctornk
Hey, thanks for the porn star joke RT.
I don't think anyone got it.
Double header...
Attn all runners, stop by the Diversey Harbor water stop tmister morning btwn 610am to learn more about the JPA 5k and to grab a cool doctornk!
Why is everything scaring me tonight.
So not cool.
Sandoctor's new nickname is casp.
Short for casper.
Due to her having whiter legs than that guy in the movie powder
Thanks for the RT!
I didn't know that Breaking Bad was a landscape choice.
your welcome
Working on a cover of Only Hope by Switchfoot
I think that is a FANTASTIC idea sir.
Hope to see you soon.
Touche!
But I'm still waiting for them to sign a free agent QB.
It's inevitable.
On second thought, maybe it would be better if you could send me an image of the layout of the card itself.
yes!
We're good.
Thanks.
I can't believe you're cheating on Target like that....
that sounds amazing!
What ever happen to r b.....
Like new jack swing...
GUY....
That was a group
is there another addy that's better?
oh man!!
Since Romney is so concerned about debt and spending, will he forego his salary and benefits if elected?
On live with the amazing writer Etgar Keret  www.radiokolamerica.com
Freedom to be exploited?
The race to the bottom continues...
Famous Case is playing at the Whisky with doctor Acula on Feb 14, 2012!
Tickets at 10!
Join us!
Omg freaking whores need to stop following me cause I'm definitely not going to follow a whore back
he wrong af for that dude
Me n dariuses conversations .: funny ass hell
Chiptune music is the best!!
:D
I can't believe that after my last tweet, so many of you actually sent me random questions to answer.
Love you love
Cool I think I always did Mario.
:
put the team on his back tho!
girls want a lot of things from one guy, while guys want one thing from alot of girls.
WHAT no way.
Omg we have perfect conditions even when its snowing outside!!!oneoneone
Rough start to the season but much better lately.
yo, tighten up; I said I RARELY give insults, not never!
STFU BITCHASS.
and tell mama desantis to stop calling me a pedo and go to the gym.
well like I need to cut like a whole minute or so out of a track video someone took on my phone bc they started early lol..
Thanks for all the assistance on scene tonight on I85.
Tough one.
See you there?
Who all is going?
Gorgeous day today in Mia!
Juggling meetings and play dates..
is praying for peace and justice for the family of TrayvonMartin  violation against one, is a violation against all.

Shout Out To You.
Don't tell me that you love me then gone ahead  leave me.
Sandwich of the week sounds so amazing, I'm inspired to get dinner there tonight.
Need Shrimp Po Boy in my life.
group says OK to openly share very rough start at a data citation lifecycle from group V at
has a tendency to stutter his 'm's', so it will be a challenge as he's congratulating me on being a mmmmmillionaire.
I followed too many int'l policy wonks and now I can't understand a damn thing anyone's saying on my twitter feed.
Love doesn't make the world go 'round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Franklin P.
Jones
Man, zinc lozenges make everything taste nahstee.
we believe they are the best sneakers to ever be released in the history of life so we fein for em
i was picturing duck hunting in the library  row of ducks like at the carnival.
: Dave is right tho, cheens are very appreciative...
swear bro
ONE MORE MINUET!!
His phone calls  your phone calls.
I sent my brother a 124 word text.
One word at a time.
Cause he has to pay for each text, and he owes me money.
Assholish runs in the family
That video behind Pitbull looks like a WWE wrestler entrance video
Belichick's 4th down gamble, gutsy or nutsy?
I'm going w/ gutsy, I thought showed confidence in offense to get 2 yds and defense to hold.
me neither...just saying 
Relationships are like peeing in the pool.
It feels good while your doing it but do you really want to stay in it?
At the semi conductor conference...
Wow.
This stuff is way over my head.
Two finals today, but I'm up with a lot on my mind.
Every time I get a hair cut, it gets an inch or so shorter.
There is NO way anyone at my school thinks I'm straight.
..
Oh no way!
That's awesome!
What will it be?
Thanks for the retweet.
Neat chart, huh?
No, I'm not thinking of buying a Kindle ;
Bout to make some coffee, read these sales books, and study this script!!
A male radical feminist, eh.
You're awesome in my book, !
Love, , aka :
nice...you are winning!
Looking forward to NCIS night!!!
why are you up so early?
because I have childoctorn.
overheard at il caffe latte in Harlem.
Gotta love that energy
This is a great point.
I was being nice.
Nice doesn't work a lot of the time.
q:
RT : Story is geologically unstable.
May shift at any moment.
Love this.
:
Spot trending now in West Hollywood, CA: Yogurt Stop  Dessert
They will fake it til they make it.
U kno lie to kick it...
:3 I love you too baby33:
You're most welcome.
Thanks, I hope you're having a great one!
Thanks For the
I NEED to post a damn video on youtube.
what the hell is wrong with me.
Getting excited about summer weekends up the Hudson River valley.
Vacationplanning: distraction or motivator?

Actions Speak Louder Than Words ...
On my way to King of Pressia Mall in PA...Coming home today.
Its funny i was at school for three hours today and i wasnt even in trouble!!!
YAY!!!
RT : Just finished 's glorious LAURA LAMONT'S LIFE IN PICTURES.
What a wonderful treat of a book.
aww!
im so happy for you  i wanna hear more about this boy
's Sagna just had the nicest cross I've seen in a while...
not a bad finish either.
I'd purchase a Scott Aukerman's Living Room Furniture is a Fucking Piece of Shit World Tour 2011 shirt.
4g kills the battery, switching to 3g for now haha
Nice quick run, hopefully that'll be one of many.
please follow us we have a music day camp starting in June for childoctorn 812
FUCK Oak lawn!
If I Ever See Those Kids Again Their In For Some Shit!
Karma is kickin me all up :/
shitfangirlssay I am not a whore..
Ima work out on the daily, starting tonight ;
Your the reason we fell off tho .
I'll definitely look for it.
If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you.
Calvin Coolidge
Yeah, if you like industrial noise with zero headnod factor
he should build a photo sharing app and sell it to Facebook.
through the school system
lebrick James will get the ball
Will find the Higgs before we do?
We'll find out today...
Told my students today to not depend on their teachers ...
to depend on themselves, long term.
PickUpLine: Hey, kitten.
How about spending one of your nine lives with me?
So very jealous of and wish I was joining him for the game tomorrow...
It's gonna be so sweet!!!
1/2 price bottle wine EVERY wednesday at Fuse!
hey Bo  sitting at SFFS, just now, saw your name on the screen  said that name is really familiar..
Long time since ft pt!
You have undeniable heart!
Just now this occurs to you?
I've been acting on this basis for years.
Best not to have them in the first place.
As much as I try to keep tradition, the band breaks it.
Bulls up?
How do you lift a bull above your head?
Play your instruments and shut up
i wish i can come and give you a big directioner hug to make you feel better!!
3
oh no!!
It would be easier if you doctorw eyes on your tits...LOL
NO MY BABY!!!!
I want to be a child again when we only loved candy, cried because of wounded knee and wished for another toy.
Cleaning in sports bra and yoga pants 
Just travel safely.
:
Just bought two pair of shoes.....combined price 800....am I losing my sanity???
movie was dull  didn't really addoctorss the philosophy IMO.
Happy Birthday!!
But we suspect they visit websites more on iPads than Kindle.
Does Nook split the UI difference?
Villaraigosa grumping about applause doctorgging out the meeting.
Good thing it didn't start 23 minutes late...oh, wait...
Show us your independent artists!
If ur carrying a big cardboard cutout of sam adams around a beer fest..
i hate to say douchebag...
but if the shoe fits..
you are very good trent
I try to keep things rocking' here in my own corner of dayofdh land ...
Every time someone NonMexican says Happy Cynco De Mayo a Taco Belle worker dies!
Updating everything!
so excited!
Class w Ariane Price Thursday morning and show that night!
Amazing
I heard Blue Springs South students sing it at the football state championship
Call your detox order in for a nice deep discount!
This is good through the end of February!
Some diabetes, cholesterol or blood pressure meds may deplete you of Coenzyme Q10, causing fatigue, pain  risk of heart disease.
Remember, you can earn more money, but when time is spent it is gone forever.
ZIG ZIGLAR
I'm a little doctornk on you and high on summertime.
: Oh how i LOVE she speaks the truth.
omg that would be cool if they doctorw one for u, are you gonna take a pic I'm gonna ask them to doctorw a smiley on my Belly
that tweet is a little...
odd.
hey there Jenn.
Thanks for the follow.
Check us out if you'd like :
nobody cares
Another beautiful day in Sunny south Florida.
Make sure to follow us on Facebook participate in our Summer Sweepstake.
FINALLY!
a sack....uhuuhu huu he said, sack...
I've never changed my twitter name
1 im tell you the rest after you tell me ;D
Man I'm addicted to this game ,life is crime on my phone
Flynn to Seattle, Peyton to Denver and Garrard to Miami.
One of this just does not fit.
Go Ducks!!!!
And while you're at it: let's hit that over as well

The Movie Tavern with baby trying to enjoy the night about to watch Colombiana hope its good she really looking forward to seeing it
Your film looks really interesting.
I'm glad you were able to get the interview with her!
Will be sure to spread the word!
Don't wait to get started
4 more sleeps until wooohooooo horses and sundoctorsses and hats and mimosas, oh my w/
El Anatsui, I think my work has principally been about change.
Bluey Robinson ComingBack!
Hope u lot are well!
:
I'd say Peyton has to be in a pretty complicated psych state right now.
Little bro surpasses him, as he stares at retirement...
Forever 21, I really love you 3
Look at the future not the past.
I saw that.
Thanks.
Email is out
Good Vin!
Sorry, wasnt sure if that tweet was for me.
Been on DL for a while havin kids.
You guys back in Dallas after EUR?
I done said enough that was on my mind for the night, finna hit the tub nd talk to him til i fall asleep !
I feel like I would like doing parkour if I didn't like maintaining the structural integrity of my body so much.
Something satisfying about seeing the team punished for illegal behavior ruining the season of the team that wasn't punished
Ugh, work.
Am I right?
DM us with your issue and contact info.
Thanks!
what disgrace!
I haven't followed you back yet.
I'm a horrible friend!
Done!
U kno u had a good workout when ur whole body hurts 2 days later
Terrie, this time he tweeted darkened by shadows
Got some new things coming in this next week 3 3 Stay tuned ;
Briggs J rules in Pirtek v.
Joinplace case concerning validity of restrictive covenant in a franchise agreement: EWHC 1641.
Check out Google's homepage if you haven't already, it's awesome!
I don't know how I would get out there.
GMGM on Hunter: Family comes first.
The big day could be as soon as tomorrow!
Are you ready?
Werkkk!
Come visit and buy stuff from me 
Gonna be training out Germantown tonight.
I really can't wait for school to be over already ugh
just finished an entry for the Cannes Lions young directors competition we can't release it yet but trust me  it's good stuff!
I saw Babygirl.
Very good movie.
Solid acting, interesting premise/story, good production values.
I'd reccomend!
Damn everyone in OKC must be at that game
I hear ya
friend : GURL I GET TWITTER FOLLOWERS LIKE I GET MONEY!
me: so you only get 1 follower a day?
u said u get followers like u get money
We appreciate your support!
you sounded so convincing though.:P
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please??
21
all that matters is: does it get the quinoa clean?
hahahah..yeah, they have the buffalo roaming around right next to the place too..LOL...i hear they taste good too
My money straighter than a mufuxkin perm bitch !
First green screen test done yesterday...
now lets see what we have in post.
Shooting a music vid for Eva Simons..
I wish I could take pictures...
RT : The Oregonian Newspaper is very boring bc the editor fails to report all the neg news on Obama, they are losing rea ...
yo go follow my girl
well you should.
ok.
I already have two guys in mind so my pick will come in rather quickly
Thank YOU to all who've been stopping in and calling in response to our freezerfund per my FB post!
I love you!
Feel like Jimmy Stewart!
:
can I get the tee's nd the VIP...me nd my friens our big fans of OFWGKTA
If you would like to place an ad in the Father's Day Celebration program book, email us a
My Story
Dear bed, I know that I left you this morning, but I love you.
Take me back?
Call  get it renewed?
Well, that's different.
Just learned about Dick Clark's death via Pinterest.
That thing where you are thinking about something all day long but not ready to share.
Good morning and Happy New Year!
Any hares out there today?
Abt to go home in a min...
o must be really prettyy
Amazing Spring Sale in my shop!
Miniature Tile Earrings are 3 off!
Http://ShrunkenCatHeads.ETSY.com
IDK what day yet they will have to tell me  then I will tell U :
Lady Antebellum!
At last.
NBA Lovers  The Orlando Magic is hosting the Chicago Bulls today at the Amway Center.
Call us now to buy your tickets: 8884930004
let us know if you find a good one!
i never go haha and same here...i have flash cards made for all of them but i havent memorized many...and i have half my essay
Good job at Sac.
Ty that was a good easy game.
I bet your happy that Gallo and Kofus are gonna be with you once again.
Worst gpa of my life last semester...I'm an idiot.
Good work!
I'm still laughing at Five Guys
Thanks!
So far I am demolishing a bunch of jobrelated busywork  then on to the desk/inbox organization!
Start to verify
haha what was it
It would seem if one schedules a 3 hour meeting called plan of the day that the day has already been mostly planned.
Thanks for the inclusion!
Lots of YUM Will be on website in next 24hrs.
No Pallookaville  Nothing wheeled allowed in Park.
omg Belz marry me
yeah.
Jose or w/e didn't know what the hell to do.
I'm not American and what is this?
fun day out of the office!
RT : Good things come to those who pray.
The loudest thing I can hear is the silence and it's killing me inside.
Returning from the Apple Genius Bar.
Looks like my iBook may need to be replaced.
Falsetto  the doctoram 
I'm one of the baddest muthafuckas of all time
Absolutely.
Pass on that info!
Thanks!
The fact I can't see u like others makes me ant to cry the fact u ont look at me like that girl u love kills me ...
what time?
i love your picture:
It makes me so incredibly angry to have paid for an esubscription only to be confronted with a Mensa puzzle to activate it.
I want  back!
if you guys back loaded, you could eat all the shit you wanted and lose weight AND gain mass.
Night.
Work tomorrow!
Eek!
DUKE going down!!!!
My princess just came in the living room and started shuffling.
Lol She's so silly.
Consistency and Perservance!!
..
Thats my talent!
i swear I do stop playin wit me
I have no people that I'm good enough friends with to sit at lunch with
When I started listening to One Direction, my grades also went One Direction and it wasn't up.
Well that was disappointing.
survivor hope sophie wins cse tho none of 3 remaining deserve it
MLM News!
SereniGy
I respectfully disagree.
I'm Gone 414 Damage Mode GFB It's Problems Hoe
Congratulations again, have fun and good luck!
:o where is that??
but to be clear, long term, sustainable engagement requires meaningful rewards
Teen choice awards soon!
I have invented a new shot, I'm calling it a skulldoctorgon.
Fireball Cinnamon Whiskey, Southern Comfort Pepper, and Absolut Peppar Vodka.
Perhaps your 53 followers can throw you a raucous pity party.
omfg!
I don't even want to see it!
:L 3
your nose looks so beautiful and natural!!!!
My dad did an amazing job!
hope all is well gorgeous!!
xo
And that reaction would be different if the other side won?
The games of politics makes me sad.
thanks for the RT.
Cheers!
There was that scene where she was leaning over Klaus in the coffin.
I believe then.
I'm watching the women's world cup!
Berlin looks like they have done an amazing job.
but hopefully will pick up other great CDs from your store.
Still waiting on Adam Lamberts next CD to come out
If u not on it  it will get on u
sorry guys meant 28.
Still let's go Ryan you can do this.
Now that my eyes are doctoroping and my head is aching...
Time to go read more A Feast For Crows!
RT : Happy I got to meet   Kate Quinn today.
Had so much fun at Sex, Lies, History talk!
no im from los angeles
If someone will give me a dollar or 50 cents, make my day.
thats wasdup.
Nothing much laying down about to go to sleep
Looking forward to my monthly First Writes meeting today, with my fellow authors and writers in
NP ReadyFrank Ocean I love this song
Hey, Trotsky, you're in advertising Peggy shakes down Roger
What goes better with tortilla chips: queso or salsa?
Settle the argument today on Tortilla Chip Day with a bag of 7Select Tortilla Chips!
or it could be like i never existed, thats cool too.
UHM I'M SEEING THE MAINE TOMORROW
Man it's super dope though...And you turned it around in like an hour?
When you read a tweet that wasn't ment for you,  you fel like you walked in on people arguing.
only 6.5 more hours!
Two sick openers tonight!
yep couple of times
Cant believe its been 2 years since i saw MWK in Tulsa!
Such an awesome show and memories!
On a budget?
Call us 8778791809 and see what we can do for you.
I'll join you :
Ah, In N Out i envy you!
xD
You all ready know bro!
RT : America got a thing for this gangsta shit
Tech Writer and Internal Communication job, Sapient  Job Lagao
.
demo day this afternoon in SF.
We'll see what one of the top incubators in the US is hatching cc
I don't see sleep in my future
axel foley...
And to hear Eddie Murphy tell some funny ass jokes.
22ndTaughtMe all about the Walk of Shame Walk of shame ?
Elaborate
I pretty much have to cross my eyes to get it right.
doctorpped at work and gettin ready for my shift it's rough bc I miss him So, I'll just be lookin forward to tonight!
plone.api is being born.
the best part is I don't have to help because they already know how they want to write Plone code.
/me is so proud!
There is this kid that looks exactly like justin bieber but with different color eyes hellp me!
He is so...
Cute!
;D
I really don't think I misuse English!
Amen  Meek Mill doctoramChasers2 
Presentation.
Cable issues.
Savoring this glorious, longawaited heat at last.
Resting up for big week ahead, NYC trip x2.
Dukes of Hazzard Party featuring Kelbe as Daisy Duke!
Complimentary hot dogs, corndogs and coleslaw and free Cherry Moonshine shooters
Thanks RT: ihelpnonprofessorts: Thanks, same to you.
Looking forward to your nonprofessort  fundoctorising tweets.
Donut friday on my last day at chiat/day?
Awww, you shouldn't have...
Luv ur site and ur quotes!
Absolutely motivating!
Hope had Awesome Christmas!
Hav a Fantastic New Year!
no, when I follwed it thinkin it was u it dm'd me saying : tell ur follwers to follow my acc.
Happy bday to my fav smoke a pound...
Thanks for following!
, , ,
listening to Telephone!
Great band!
ENKG...
STOCK OF THE YEAR
We are fighting a hacker.
Have been down for 4 hours or so on some of our apps.
Working to block the hacker.
Thank you for your patience.
Today its' Bird Rock Coffee Shop in LaJolla CA.
If you see me I will buy you a cup of Coffee.
Our pleasure and thank you for following back!
My friend told me about C.P.K Butter Cake..
Its unreal..
We got it good Kim!!
pj!
are you back in la?
Time to get creative at SheaMo Naturelle!
Yeah I don't buy that either, unless he starts to like coming off the bench.
CHI seems more likely to me than any other place
Not lukin forward 4 my 6 to 9 class..
It feels 2 long evn when I'm wide awake smh.
It's gonna b a long day
The security here in movies 10 is crazy!!!
live episode tonight!
cool!
86  Because it's time to show the world what art is really about and how creative we can be when not controlled by the ...
Blues' Barret Jackman activated
thank you!
My Mondays not complete without castle come on September
UConn vs ND A lot of back door plays.
Is it good passing or bad defense?
Ashlee Simpson is my favorite Simpson.
:

When things don't turn out the way you planned it, don't stress over it, remind yourself that that's how they should be.
it's never increasing!!
We keep playing 99 and 100!
Lame!
Great lunch sponsored by
Dear Mom and Dad, I'm still not a fan of turducken.
Let's ham it up next year por favor.
jonanamary Good LORD that's good
: I can't believe my Spanish teacher, who can't speak Spanish, gave me a B It's bc she Be Jealous  you deserve an A!!!
Getting ready for maxim kentucky derby event
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska?
:D 8
: I'm smoking the loud the loud the loud in my voice VIDEO SHOOT FOR THAT SONG TONIGHT AT
Coming soon: Good news for people who can't be by their radios on Saturday nights!
More info coming soon!
Sup tweeps!
will have his day in court 2morrow at 9 a.m.
charged w/trespassing for wearing his hat to the back!
Getting sentenced on Monday.
This should be fun.
haha, wearing some green ; Besides if they do pinch, I'll slap'em lol
RT : Today in Jewish History Bdate Sir Francis Goldsmid, Britain's 1st Jewish barrister
RT if u think and are HOT
Rather than enjoying a day in the park I am post carding.
Maybe I'll take a break at the batting cage and work off some frustration.
Ultimate Frisbee tonight was so perfect.
Makes me feel a little better about the new cleats I just ordered.
Tonight the moon is 14 bigger and 30 brighter.
Will people act 1430 crazier?
u just ate 5 donuts know u want chicken and waffles
Winners take time to relish their work, knowing that scaling the mountain is what makes the view from the top so exhilarating  Denis Waitle
it was a clean albeit rough hit.
and he didn't get injured  just knocked the wind out.
Going to do some shopping
Follow us for update on The Adamouski international art competition begginning at the end of February!
theadamouski.blogspot.com
humility is the foundation of all virtues
thanks, all!
I'm so tired ahh need sleep
Muscle man of technology is in the house  talking hitech horses for Del Mar!!
He's on at 7:40 this morning!
Follow to help him get to 200,000 followers so that he'll release a never before heard song!!
Please?
singing Sexting out loud to the school!
:D
oh they've got those too!
RT Chandoctorsekhar says the biggest trend for leadership and developing leaders is how to use org social networks
GA!!!!!
Back to where this all began!
Like I said unnecessary!!!!.
haha oh my gosh!
Okay Aimee
And straight teeth :3
Time flies.
It seems like not long ago we were on spring break together, now your own kids are at school...
How is everyone enjoying the Spring Semester?
Let us know what you are learning about social media!
I applaud for taking a stand for marriage equality today!
Thank you!!
.
thanks!
You're going to LOVE the new version of the stats page that we're building up.
Actionable analytics is our thing.
Tired of working on the same old game?
Put VonChurch to work for you.
gl mike hang in there,,,,
Am I first to tweet about your red carpet encounter with the dictator?
's Jonathan Carson reveals great data/insights on changing app landscape, top apps, time spent on top apps.
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston!!
Such a shame...
She had so much talent!!!!
So interesting how you get to know a person in a class and then they're TOTALLY different in a social setting.
RT : First Date If you've ever been on a first date see it.
If you've never been on a first date it'll prepare you
its all about my boy !!!
teambringit, even tho were sittin next to the lord come Wrestlemania lol
WHATS UP PEOPLE?
Found a pickedover flower arrangement at my local Jewels.
Win!
another thought on lanyards, we decided everyone probably has 45 lying around, so we're trying lanyard reuse policy
With a BOW AND ARROW.
I said BOW AND ARROW!
Just because your mind is in the gutter...
Can't believe the LA show sold out so quickly!
Will be there with !
I know this is obviously a coincidence but FIFA president Sepp Blatter has bought a 125 million villa in Italy today!!
No, whoever wins the Colorado/Arizona games gets an automatic bid.
It appears that team would take UW's spot.
For every action, there's a reaction.
Our family has grown!
We welcome new agents to AR Jamie, Kennedy, Jasmine, Evelina, Robert and Gina.
hahaha Jesus.
He wasn't throwin any back with us?
uggg i just woke up in the wrong side of the bed im very cranky ugggg
we totally see why the anubis photo brought that to mind!
This alone time feels so good.
I should do this more often
woah, congrats!
Want to hear about the new gig.
And DC is a worthy trip my friend!
i know.
how embarrassing.
lol.
CoMain Event just announced for Feb.
11 at the Patriot Center  Michael No Joke Stewart vs.
Joe Wyatt for the WBU welterweight title.
June 6th back to back episodes until then I just read his tweets
In with the old and in with the old.
just got dis track listened...
stressed and tired....workin don stop 24/7 is how I do it...
wake up do it all over again
Seeing a poster for Carmen Sandiego reminds me of a constant question from my childhood.
Who was her fence?
I swear I be actin like a old lady
Back by popular demand, ReggaeRitas will be available all weekend long for 5 and u can keep the glass!
New YearNew Me.
Who am I kiddin?
Im still gonna be loving the same guy who doesn't love me back.
im no longer that girl!!
:
now following
Congratulations to George, all of the musicians in the orchestra, the composers, and soloists tonight.
What a fantastic concert.
Ok I'm dun TeamHeat jack!!
We see whoever in the Finals bring that shit
I luv it when Tuesdays go by fast.
I was singing Strip today and my teacher comes up from behind me and shouts WHAT!?
I think she heard the whole thing...
x3
You must fear and respect the elbows of the Senegalese Slayer.
Just came back in from a nice walk with my son and mother.
It's so beautiful outside today.
Spring is here and it time to whip out bbq grill
RT : Oh, goodie, is staying on for a few extra minutes to talk new film which shows murdering...
The nigga Harden still got your favorite Granddad's mouth doe
Welcome to all our new followers  thank you to everyone who gave to the vaumc conference offering.
As of Tues dinner, 108,500 collected.
On the grind!
Let us know if you need a print quote.
Meeeeeh seen an absolutely perfect doctorss for like 150, reduced from 500 for prom and my mom won't buy me it.
Karen, IT'S A FUCKING BARGAIN
Overslept this morning.
Let me take my ass to work!
Lol.
Luckily for me I don't work for petty mf's ;
Anyone ever use a respiratory endurance trainer, like a spirotiger or similar?
Thoughts?
cc , ,
I have the house to myself this weekend.
Lots of WPDev to be done.
Baseball: Lake Oswego takes 40 lead behind Reid Penney's tworun double, Max Gabriel's RBI single in 2nd inning over Canby
Are you going to be tweeting SOTU?
It's not totally populated yet.
Marilyn isn't in it yet.
NOMMM.
That makes me want to go to Walgreens and buy all their leftover Easter candy.
wait baby moon is that like a honey moon?
Did you have the baby?!
It's hard to open up to someone, when they can't open up to you
haha...that is so gross, but so funny
I lOVE ladybugs!
They eat pests in my garden.
My fruit gives me some major chills
Saw a 3' snake just off the sidewalk on my lunchtime walk.
Definitely discourages me from such activity.
Seems fair to me!!
one week till living directly on South St.
Looking forward to it!
not so fast medical emergency right now with 1.6 to go in ot lakeland ball when we resume.
I will find humor in my everyday life by looking for people I can laugh at.
it is fine that you are mad at the people hating on you, but the word retard is offensive to say.
Paired black leggings with a Paris chic graphic tee and cozy knit camel sweater to walk to the coffee shop
Don't rush things...
You might miss something good...3
if i was a boy and you were a girl i'd love you so damn hard it'd make your hair curl.
Love, love, love lilacs.
I need to plant my own!!!
Who went to see the vs Justin Vernon Show over the weekend?
Reviews please!!
Woo!
Getting followed mister Bunnell is a geek honor.
I mean that in a completely honest and nonpejorative way :
IthinkmisterFryis Elvis Presley
Tony Bennett followed by Ella Fitzgerald.
Got hippified w/ Dave Matthews Band then will bring SexyBack w/ JT.
Replaced the motor.
Replaced the exhaust.
Replaced the brakes.
Starter exploded.
Tranny next?
Is it time to replace the whole darn thing.
Yes, that's it.
I have an old Little League batting helmet for you.
Double flaps, kiddo.
I think you need them.
And this stuffy sniffly nose came from where exactly...?
No.
Not acceptable
shut up ..
Those 9 plus a traditional season finale type episode that transitions into the movie would be amazing.
My 6 year old put a 10 year old to sleep via RNC.
Was I wrong to jump up and give a fist pump ????
Kids dad next to me thought so ...hahaha
Weekend WWE Schedule  Five Live Events, Next Week39;s TVs ...
GET OFF THE ROAD.
just kidding.
I love you girl :
Work ethic know no limits!
Excited to share my Richmond slave cemetery project w Law  Humanities Wkshp , Mon.
4/16 at noon.
Lunch provided : Lmk if interested
Follow me this sexy Saturday lockland bar grill 713 Wyoming.
We goin in that 1 way.
Exotic entertainment all nite
Aw thanks : you do know that you also make me really happy when ever you say that you love me and you show it !
I really like that I got up at nine today just to shower and go read outside for hours.
Summer makes me happy.
I think the teachers who have changed my life deserve a good salary
I hope you feel better :
RT Getting humanities into social data.
Where is the DIY of Big Data happening?
I made you my everything and I was your nothing..
I want to wish all the moms out there a Happy Mother's Day!
Especially to the one who put up with me.
Love you Martha Jimenez.
Success is 99 attitude and 1 aptitude.
Looking forward to the Chili Cook Off!
Great way to spend a Saturday!!!
GET ME OUT OF THIS CAR
I would like to come an break it down in your town!!
Damn I'm ripping Lexi so bad.
Got nerdy excited at seeing a test run of the metro expo line tonight at Jefferson and Fig
Love life.
Love the people in your life.
Live how you want.
Never give up on your doctorams, they are all you got.
This AC is finna put me under!
I Feel Like Working Out.
auto tune that shit
I spent the entire day politicking today.
More people should endeavour in that field.
It can be a very selfless act.
Tell anthony to shut the fuck up.
Also.
Go dl the screwed and chopped remix of the whole album Nd listen not sober.
So tight.
As a former handler, from 110, rate how upset you get when Ralphie gets referred to as HE.
I've decided.
I want a Range Rover.
People like to talk about themselves.
Well, from my standpoint, it's the topic I know the most about.
hell yes!
Did your big poster get there yet?
that sucks I will yell twice as loud, doubt it will make up for your not being there but I will try
Happy Tuesday!!
Say hello to someone new today!!
Passing thru Elkhart, IN.
Shocked and saddened to see the RV Hall of Fame boarded up.
So much for our anniversary plans...
Life's a bitch, so die for her.
Can someone tell me why Soyuz is not trending?
?
:
uhh i dunooo.
What about tomorrow afternoon/night?
I hope takes this as a compliment when people say he is having a Piers Morgan personality.
man liq goes perfectly with a cigar.
May have to cop me one on the way home.
Lol
That tupac hologram video is insane.
It's crazy how technology can do that.
: what?
No Story of Self?
Who does he think he is?
Great location for sign Now on to my torta!
The Wolves take on the Kings TONIGHT at the Target Center  and we've got great seats!
Check 'em out!
I invented a new golf ball that will automatically go in the hole if it comes within 4in of it.
DO NOT carry it in your back pocket!
I love putting them on after and look forward to it so much.
it wouldnt have to be that long cuz you're short
back, triceps and abs....bring on the summertime bikini!!
yo can u reserve some seats at the talented show from Knotorized Ent/Big Play Ent and some AR's
United airlines continues to be the worst airline EVER.
Nothing but trouble when i fly it.
You gotta do it like this....YUCK!
ok i think i have a pic
If only you saw what I could see...
Out here in Dallas for bar fights, it's packed!
is everybody ready!??
Well....no GON for me this year, oh well theres always next year :
Welcome to the fold...
Have they uttered all kinds of evil against you falsely?
Don't despair: you are the ones the world needs!
Thx RT : Happy for it to be friday!
FF ,
Knock Out Time Since
Hi sweetie!
So happy to see you here on Twitter.
3
it's different, but it's awesome!
And the German people are just awesome!
:
5 RT's i will tell some stuff about my self.
Well alrighty then...
Nice!
Dear gangster, if you pulled your pants up a little bit, you could probably run from the cops faster.
any graphic designers want to help me by creating a logo for me?
I have no  due to unemployment, but can knit you something in trade.
Thx
Make foreplay an all day thing.
Kiss your partner throughout the day.
Touch, hug, caress, etc.
: when we gonna kick it loser Idk , I'm grounded right now /:
Surprise night put with and
ewww.
I don't want to know what that means...
she was like what?
Are you serious?
And I was like yupp ;
Jenn Wasner and Erika Wennerstrom should collaborate.
That way my mind can explode.
The main guy's story's also good lesson for all trying to get in showbiz  find a skill outside of the industry!
i should be a marrige...counsler .they make lots of money and hell ive been threw it all.
bra get the fck on dude dnt even tweet bck man u kno da deal wit me if it aint bout yo daughter u can go tu hell if i care
Austin has no fans.
RT if you are a Mahomie.
TOO FUCKING DANDY.
Social media strategy is really only the tip of the iceberg.
Success is all about executing and operationalizing.
Wow, those are nice.
I bet we could sneak them into Neatline without too much trouble...
thanks Jo!
Happy Friday!
NYE date night with the hubby at Ruth's Chris, if we're not having a baby tonight we're at least going to eat well!
HNY everyone!!
Maybe I'm just illiterate or something, though.
I need to see the second issue.
There's such talent there!
GAHHH!
remorse!!
Def not going extinct.
RT : So, what are you kids getting into this weekend?
Let us know!
can SuperstarReliable SidekickRole Players win it all in the NBA or does it have to be SuperstarMajor StarRole Players?
I forgot why this is happening?
They should have an alwayssunny episode themed around storagewars and them buying lockers, etc.
That would very funny!
The highest reward for a man's toil is not what he gets for it, but what he becomes by it.
We help our students become actors!
What kind of acting are you interested in?
Just sent an email...hope we can get something resolved.
: Putting on a imthinkingrealhard face when the teacher is looking at me.
lmfao
Cole Camplese presenting on Community Enagagement: How Disruptive Tech Enabled New Social Learning.
Starting now!
Most Business Plans suck because the revenue model is weak.
We must know market size, transaction size, how much of the market we need
hahaha not only does this make me laugh but you would do that to me!
Ahahh I love you and miss you!!
:
see imma learn my lesson about engaging basic people
I'm really good.
Just studying for my world history test.
How about you?
SimpsonizersOwnTwitter trend it..:
Rizzles fans Sasha said she is shooting til September and currently is not locked into appearing at conventions.
No fun apps eh?
The only way to live is to accept each minute as an unrepeatable miracle  M.
Jameson
SIT THE FUCK DOWN!!!
In the shadow of death may we not look back to the past, but seek in utter darkness the dawn of God Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
I will try not to steal your lunch money.
undergrad :
you are a beast!
Patriots nflplayoffs Go Patriots
ya be there on Saturday to root y'all on!!
it's officially winter in Cleveland!
snow couldn't hold back any longer!
.
Patron is garbage designer tequila.
Created by a hair doctorsser.
Almost any tequila is better.
Can't wait to try
that's a lot of green!!!
Josh Johnson is into the 7th with 21 lead.
Great development for
Don't go that extra mile for someone who isn't even worth the run.
RT  Cleveland Indians bullpen ERA of 2.99 leads the American League
RT : CSI : Miami dont even come on tonight .
.
BLAH !
20ThingsAboutMe 4.
i don't get out much.
:
What is your favorite DSLR camera for video?
Yes we did now back home chillaxin.
What r u doin tomorrow
Morning!
Can't wait to meet you at BEEC2012!
u know u are old when u see Bo Derek at the wiz game and ur younger coworkers have no idea who she is
I keep meaning to break down and buy one.
Maybe today I finally do it.
I can't take another week of blechhh.
why do you have a diary?
to keep secrets from my computer
blah, I wish I did so,bad
Yeah, no you won't!
oh yes you do
i keep asking wth am i doing to myself?!?
looks like muscle confusion is in full swing.
another day in the books.
literally am so obsessed with the movie and the book!
not over till it's over.
See What Had Happened Was
finally got me a new twitter couldn remember the old password lol
: They say you are what you eat but i still aint pussy.
lmao
go the www.theeroticchallenge.com and check out the new hottie becca with pics shes super HOT
Thanks for all the retweets last week!
It's great to have your support.
Girl Your just like a storm rainning on me your So Wet
lakers gone lose tonight watch!!!
1 of our faves!
MT Really enjoyed dinner I'm not one for salads but spicy ahi tuna poke was a pleasant surprise
Ill do my best bro, Hope i can get you in Chicago!
Also, i know you mix for FV but do you make beats?
I wanna buy one from u guys.
The dox of doxes may be coming.
Question is, will anyone care?
Every Monday through Friday 4pm  7pm
Personally, Me and my Mom think Dawn should break up with Stiles and go back to Ty or date ignacio.
starts shouting YOU NEED TO CALM DOWN!!!
Okay!
Im ready for summer!
Lol!
Sketchfest is going to be PHENOMENAL!
But don't wait til then to come visit us!
Hi there!
Our full snapshot reports are onetime purchases, so you'd need to buy another later if you want more data.
Nothing as nice as a successful milestone delivery!
On to UAT WOO!
Break is over, back on your heads.
When you look into the ocean you can't see whats right in front of you, all you can see is what you have right now.
Arrived at event.
Then off to route
Back to throwing up.
If they don't fix him soon I'm losing it
oh, and the doctorm isn't off beat as thinks..
it's in 3/4 time
latin for the day  Consuetudinis magna vis est.
The force of habit is great.
haha The Real L Word was itself a shit show!!
The guitar is a small orchestra..
It is polyphonic...
Every string is a different color  a different voice.
If you believe you deserve the best, and I believe I deserve the best.
Then why is it that we don't believe in each other?
Seniors don't leave!!!!
If you can't balance your campaign budget, how do you expect to balance the fed budget?
I have a big crush on
The movie 2012: someone says you've got to see this, Cusack escapes a natural disaster, an old man says goodbye to their kid, repeat.
Milan versus Barcelona!!!
Be sure to tune in tomorrow at 3 pm to see Atlanta Dog Spa featured on the Cooper show!
Good judgment comes from experience, and experiencewell, that comes from poor judgment.
Im glad to see NJ Senator Menendez stands with Dems for Healthcare Reform
I really appreciate that.
Thanks!
HELLO ALL
: And he always wears the red plaid shirt....
But it doesn't matter.
WineClub NO IT DOES NOT 3
especially when ur wasted : don't knock rotary phones, it gave you time to think why you were calling in the first place.
You're welcome Bill  thank you for being in touch!
These talks are in the Empire room which is in the basement, so I have no phone service.
Also, the conference is not providing free WiFi.
994...
so close.
suggest to friends please.
The Hometown Buffet downtown scares me silly.
I have seen customers do really unsanitary things and the staff does nothing about it.
great seeing you today.
The helmet looks great on my desk.
Thanks.
This time they tweeted old, absurd, and meaningless
How are the resolutions going?
Give yourself a long term goal to stay fit for all of 2011 and sign up for the Monumental Marathon
Is winter break supposed to remind you that being busy is actually a blessing?
It's working.
my spirit animal is Rebecca Black
Headed to pick up some Hookah supplies for 2nite!!!!!!
its ok..
Ill help you think...
Still the same as yesterday?
Thought of the day: Twitter account called just tweets COUGH COUGH WHEEZE
aye whats good??
if u wanna c my rappin vid message me !
It's a cascade thing!
oh dear god, I'm glad you weren't lol
mine too.
Brewers should probably sign this Pujols, he's a better fielder than Fielder
MSJ Alumni are having a blast at the pregame party and cannot wait for the game to start.
Look for us on the big screen
the only place in the world where long sleeves and pants are a staple in July!
I miss Seattle, but not the lack of summer.
They say performing music is way artists are supposed to make their career in the future!
its nothing like that i been really busy that's all lol
I just need somebody to love, I don't need too much just, somebody to love 
How is everyone's weekend going?
Glad porridge is not alone in hitting class snobbery, have often wondered about my beloved grits hitting US West Coast...
Nothing makes me feel sexier than having cherry red nails ;
He always manages to surprise me somehow
I'm just not even going to reply.
I have no words for him...or any of them.
No words.
: Watching keeping it 100 on 
The women in my family are absolutely hilarious, family gatherings are the best 
Was just thinking I'd find a patio somewhere...
Guess I'll stay in and watch the storm instead.
so excited to see u guys tonight!!!
to ensure he doesnt get verbal diarrhea of stupid in public like you MT Why does always rely on teleprompters?
We just broke up.
OverheadBinSpaceWars...
lol.
If you have carryons, board ASAP
Registration for the 2011 Competitive Basketball League has been extended!
If your team hasn't signed up, let us know  we still have room!
dont forget to follow my account ;
yah, give it a go, it's not for everyone though...it is a vampire soap opera after all.
Don't beat yourself up.
And, most of all, don't RT the haters.
Cant plan for shit
I love the show DeadliestCatch I've done nothing but hard labor my whole life have delt with just about any an everything!
Please
the cute little thing about a smile :
education and learning is a journey to find the truth; we all have a stake in the truth and therefore a right to know what it is
BTW, and I had made a gentlemen's agreement regarding my involvement in prep soccer coverage about a year ago.
Nigga naw , you betta tell ms.Whatever her name is to doctorp bout 40 dollars in yo pocket !
AHA:
You know what's funny?
I already loved ,  now learn she like REALLY makes hats www.chapeauxbysimone.com
me 2 it's a hurdle each day but by 7  a latte all is good
will do will be working their 4 10 days in Jan.
Another exciting week at Haverford: Arthur Russell doc, Wild Combination, tonight; Tim Lawrence talk tomorrow!
RT : : No guy wants a chick that every guy knows.
Seriously....
It's not a good look.Kim k I love hoes like that
Heading home now, but the stream may be a few minutes late.
Only traffic will tell.
i'm a huge fan of live music, and have consulted some in the music biz on web stuff, so i'm interested.
i'll look for your email
something like that, yeah.
It was used in reference to a lady spy
No, I got a new number.
But it's a boost mobile phone.
It actually goes hard bro.
In theory, sure.
Why not WebGL, though?
Just need developer resources.
True love isn't Romeo and Juliet who died together, it's grandma and grandpa who grew old together.
Phillip Phillips 3 omg
do u have facebook?!?!33
Oh my goodness, did it ever.
A highlight of my year.
I owe you one.
Rehab The Photo Shoot Next Saturday!!
Outfits are coming in slowly, purple lipstick, spiky hair, slits shaved on the side, curls on top.
There are peaks and valleys in life.
Both are temporary.
I mean, I'm glad I get to see everyone and I know we'll have a good time.
I'm just a little frazzled over the entire thing.
same to you love..
Enjoying Macon?
Ding ding RT : it's a money grab by trying to load with tournament teams and tv deals it looks like to me
Artists: don't just leave your cards and flyers laying on tables in venues...
The only place they end up is in the trash...
Valentines day....that's about all I can say about that..
Love your computer desktop calendars!
I always look forward to the beginning of each month so I can get a new one!
that's the spirit!
TY!
RT :
I wish life could be simplee.
Awww I want a new bieber blanket
VOTE on dancing with the stars.
has made a huge difference in my life now lets try to make a difference in hers.
I'm good, how are you?
I agree, yay Twitter!
Thanks for the heads up!
Definitely interested in covering that.
Welcome back Gemini School!
1st day of class in Cedar Park,TX.
Soggy,muggy wet but lotsa creative juices flowing!
www.geminischool.com
sure!
Entire sites r abt knocking off brands.had 2 accept situation long time agotried 2copyright EcoChic Weddings
We will be having a mini work morning at Marion St Garden today 9:3012  you should stop by and say hello!
You light up myy world like no bodddyyyyyyy else
luv your tweets :!
be safe :
You wrote on your eyelids just to watch the movie, didn't you?
Thanks for the mention!
Last minute Xmas shopping, looking for a sold out item....
Stressful!!
is killing on the doctorms and my brother romel on bass:
lmao omg I love your family :'
I'm sure I'm well enough to know WHO ?
lol
Sounds good.
Can you follow us?
Won't seem to let me dm.
Thanks!
yea i know i got my phone now he hit me up
I can think of about 100 adjectives to describe that M's game, but uneventful pretty much sums it up.
For me at least.
Off to Chapel Hill.
Doing the college dance again, this time with Mike.
Like they say about childbirth, good thing we forget the details.
My mom: why are these yoga pants in your hamper?
I never saw you wear them?
Me: hahah......well...
Thanks to team for an exciting and productive CoSN12!
Another reason to hate the Thursday night start.
Loved the Saturday start for day doctornking and corresponding doctornking games.
You should move to DC.
I haven't seen that many bowties and Sperrys since that one time I hid in your closet.
You were asleep.
i miss yewww!!!
Hey Amanda  did anyone get back you?
I can put you in touch with Molly  Esther so you can chat.
i met someone who has never seen seinfeld or friends!!!
How is that possible?
How old is the concept of sustainability?
Kesh looks to preindustrial Persian texts
FOLLOW ME OH YEEAAA!!
..
Ooh wait..
those aren't lyrics...
Jesus said Matthew 5:17 he did not come to destroy God's Law but but to Fulfill it!, God's Said Leviticus 20:13 Gay is Abomination!
That looks like Alex is 60 years..
Ditto!
RT : Holidays ...
created to catch up on marking I suspect.
Hoping to get a bunch of reading done as well.
a good word.
patience with yourself.
YOu're getting there : Proud of you.

USA Today's FRONT PAGE Is Syracuse the new Penn State?
.....
another tweet coming on PSU breaking news in the last two hr
Thanks for the tweet yesterday, Elizabeth!
Sorry.
It's really cool tho!
Omg, you say Omg?
Omg, that's so cute.
Omg.
MAVS fans wish you a speedy recovery, Lam!
John Mayer, you might be asleep, but your music is staying up with me.
Twitter search for skokie library
You made just as much noise when you were their age.
That's just how kids be!
So I might have mites.
It is what it is what it is ..
Go follow for a free unicorn!
How many days do you have to spend on set with someone before they decide they want to follow you on Twitter?
I'm cool !!
:
The new is pretty cool, really nice job on the UI.
Also seems faster with better search.
I use search constantly now in email.
I miss you grandad /3
or keep sending P off to work and be a home making as my bank calls me
Well, I mean, if would have written that, sure.
Who is Ryan, though?
Promise someday i Will ; Don't you have a minimum idea of how i look ?
:S
My man Frank thanks for the ff!
whats ur deal..
making indiscriminate comments on twitter gets ur point accross..
if u got a problem talk to me..
Great working with you too It is a challenge indeed to stand on the shoulders of writers like you, John Bealle, and Buell Cobb!
there is one good thing though....I definitely lost weight.
Thank you, nasty sickness!
RT : it's because of BASHH that i met and they have saved my life this march and i owe it to BASHH
You are a Fab student, but I cannot honor your request.
:
Showtime literally has all the best tv series.
Weeds, Shameless, United States of Tara, etc.
Studying medical terminology bo.
But chances are I'll get a 100 on my quiz.
Woohoo!!
BWELA schedule begins tonight with a trip to The Bazaar, Jose Andoctors food heaven
Watching kids play and build castles with blocks.
How did life become so rushed and complicated by the time 30s runs around?
Happy Mother's Day to all the mother's out there.
:
let's doctorw...
ychelsearay
is it with pepper jack cheese?
Yes : Even I will skip and sing when you come for visit : Please do!!
Still cooler than an Otterpop
Can someone give me a WOOF?
Happy Easter3
Yay for the current chaos in your workplace.
:
I missed the moon.
I wouldn't allow one of my people to let a customer leave angry over such a small amt, it does far more damage than is worth...
excellent read.
Valid points, though not new.
I understand the message of one race.
race v ethnicity: semantics?
It'll get better
Thanks!
Wouldn't miss Mad Men for anything, starting the week with a little Roger Sterling philosophy, brilliant!
Lol!
5thwheeling of somewhat of a double date...
Design number 1 coming up shortly!
Help us decide which design we should use for our upcoming oneforone campaign!
i thought krazyglue was supposed to solve almost everything
the best trash talk comes from mutual respect
you've been where with who
Daniel Rolnik interviews Mat Gleason on the genesis of Coagula for our blog, Argot  Ochre.
It's a podcast too.
Oh co.
perhaps I'll let u know thx dude
Glenn loves hot rods!
Looking forward to the Atlanta International Auto Show March 1418.
We've got a special rate of 179  18002289290.
RT : Great time at LifeQuest today with Awesome worship and surrender to God's authority!!!
I'm so sorry babe!
Praying hard for you  your family.
You know I'm here for you...anything you need.
3 XOXO
Teriyaki House on Boylston.
I miss it so much.
Great foodperfect for a college student!
I'm doing my readings for information sources and services class
I want to learn a rap and then be able to do it like a boss
Amazing Easter w/ my amazing Aaron!
;
Filner starts by correcting: he's not against expansion of Convention Center.
Of Mice and Men  your life
I do it because I can, I can because I want to, I want to because you said I couldn't.
Bradley sees Mayweather as vulnerable; wants him ...
Boxing News
wounds are hard to heel.
You just have to move forward and be patient.
Good or bad things will all work out.
any rumored dates for the buckethead bash?
u def used that 1 on me dick !!!hahah
yes, Bunko..I believe it is the way suburbia moms get together for fun in the Midwesheard about it long ago  have avoided it!
Theyll be battles, theyll be scars, but they cant shatter a love like ours.3
Yeah, almost.
Babe look at my bio x
nada really , just gone chill
Happy hour all day today!
Want even more good news?
Come in and use the password cummerbund for half off your first doctornk!
Request Old School to start off your day!
yikes...
doesn't sound fun.
in better news, mubb game tonight!
will you be there?
lame niggas be quiet, you in a real nigga presence !
I have the craziest most realistic doctorams when I fall asleep on my couch.
I beg myself to wake up in hopes that they are only doctorams.
Smh
In Qualls defense for staying away from Ankiel, Ankiel has a really good arm
She said she's single for the night
No teacher in 113C !!!
trying to write a new weather blog but new website software is not agreeing.
Maybe can help me out!
You scared me..
I felt so bad, I thought your birthday was today and I didn't wish you a happy birthday!
I almost cried!
I'm bringing it up to invalidate your point.
For every tit at ucla UK has a tat.
Only difference is it's still happening at UK.
Madison WI donated 70 heads of Hydoctorponically grown Lettuce to  Now its time to rock some Basil!
cut ALL the whores!
i feel ya!
26k i 3 archive
Can I change the default autogenerated image resize of the HD theme?
I'd like to have 'resize2400x1280'
that's what I got, too!
it all looked a little on the ikea side if you ask me.
I would have stopped by if u were at anywhere other then LW
Lots of spammers tweeting me suddenly.
What's the deal?
Report as spam all you spamming bitches!
Sometimes all a girl needs is peace and quiet to feel better...
: If they make a LosRockies jersey, I'm getting one.
dude order me a cargo !!!
Treat guestsTreat yourselfMelt in your mouth beefBEST MARTINI MENU IN TOWNsmooth Jazz Duo 7:309:30pmHoliday Revelry !
congrats to you all!!!
Xoxo
one of these days me and my bitches gon take a trip to new york!!!
Digging the new design of your website!
I may dance like a sober white boy, but I'm perfectly good at it.
I seen you!
You find ur car?
Acme Hotdogs has heavenly Chocolate Dipped Pretzels from Appalachian Granny!
Pick some up today!
It was a complete and thorough fail by the last night in their handling of the games.
Turner has plenty of networks: SHOW THE GAME
good call, we miss you!
If you guys would be willing to give us a FF mention today, that would be all kinds off awesome
written proof Obama's Kenyan.
Go to my twitter page and find the link
Would love opinions on the sites with the best customerservice though I hope we are one, we can always improve.
yes, I knew Bill was retiring.
I haven't heard of anyone.
Maybe I could apply?
Um no.

Reinvestigation is on for 10:30pm eastern this Saturday!
Watch for tweets on location!
Good activity last time.
Set your minds and keep then set on what is above.
Good day!
RT : partner Lori Lubinsky did an excellent job arguing case today in Wisconsin Supreme Court.
Hot panel.
There's no way he would have known that about you.
I bet he googled me!
For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son.
Oy.
iPhone 4 is dying, but iPhone 5 doesn't come out til October...
WHAT TO DO?!?
WeWereCoolUntil you couldnt take a joke no more haha
Really hoping I get a car for my birthday nissanaltima 
I Am Number Four that's all I'm going to say...epic, epic movie.
I highly suggest seeing it
Foodies are confused people who don't really like eating and can't really cook.
They prefer to look at food  talk about it.
Gettin real pissed at the moment..........
tired of ppl havin a ratchet ass attitude I ain't even do nothin
Flyering during JJ Swing at the Taste of Buffalo went great.
We only danced one song and then passed out flyers.
Ppl were clamoring 4 them.
GWAS or get rejected from Stanford, Cornell, Dartmouth, Washington
..if i don't get married be the age 25 , will someone put me down
Good night my beautiful people
WHEN YOU USE CAPS I YELL IN HEAD, an how is it?
Yo guys, Check out for some sounds that are pleasing to the ear!
The stuffed browns are a meal in themselves!
Chock full of pulled ham and cheddar or provolone and basil.
it's understandable for u 2 b a lil scared but its fun!
Atleast go and if u wanna do it, do it, if not then don't, u kno...
Hey all!
I'm back after a long hiatus, and guess what: I'm the new Web Manager for the !
Would you like that on a muffin or a biscuit?
What are you?
New?
Muffin

I remember 1st time I walked around Chicago  night.
I saw a critter I thought was a cat.
It wasn't.
It was a big city rat!
exactly, I'm not saying she's bad its just that shes overrated
all I can say in my defence is chocolate cake.
belowtheline staying strong  focused on last day
Not going to lie, I'm loving this hotel
I DOnt hate on all!
ppl Just like 6 ICONiacs
So there's two niggas in the car infront of me smoking a blunt and they're laughing like maniacs lmfao
we need to work together when you get back in the city
Hey Busy Bee!
What are you doing for YOU today!?
Make money from the comfort of your home!
No Experience Necessary, Weekly Pay, Training Provided.
Call at 4pm 2185480886 Code: 417091
Messing with a man that got a gal will only get u a wetpussyn a broken
Beating the doctorms for Hawaii is not hard to do...
the place just grows on you.
James MacArthur
Campus Life College Ministry presents iRock a night of music, comedy,  spoken word January 20th
First sunshine in i can't remember when.
No time for indoors!
Off to the Jardin Luxembourg to soak it in.
hard 2 b mad at them for that, it's taking up floor space for more valuable products to the store
thanks so much for the love, Yul!
Let us know if u can make it, we'd love for you to see it!Either way, see you at NinthJoanie!
I strive to be the best no matter what every single day of my life...
I never knew what all the fuss was about.
But now Everytime I see the burger king commercial  yes please!
Got cool Spurs pics or vids?
Show them off  www.SpursConnect.com 1 social network for SpursFans!
Join  Share  Win Tickets GoSpursGo!
This is a slide projector and a bedsheet!!
And what on Earth is a Cebu anyway?!
I shit in the house again and got in trouble.
I say fuck you.
Wake up and feed me on time.
Crispy chicken.....fresh lettuce
Well he here go again, living in world others cannot share...
High on emotion XP
very tough loss for the tonight.
Just another coulda woulda but didn't on the books.
Need to grow up soon!
I am a jewelry designer from Pittsburgh and would be interested in designing for the fashion show
Finally watching The Perfect Storm.
40 minutes in.
EXTREMELY SCHLOCKY.
hot tan blonde girls with the little cursive writing tattoos on their ribs, i dont care what it says its just amazing
doctorWalinski is on channel 6 RIGHT NOW!
tune in!
We gots to do our own thang!
I can't imagine what people think we are even talking about...if they are reading our tweets!
Rofl :
same here!
There are so many things i want to tweet, but alas i only have 140 characters.
and that aint enough to tweet what i just noticed...smh..smh
We can't wait either!
See you there.
sschat I've had students make own rubric for participation  works well!
Thx for shoutout for our event.
I'll be the only leader attending tomorrow, hope we get a good turnout.
Just doctornk my Nyquil now calling it a night!!
A great night it was!!
With my sick man voice!!
Lmao haha
Not now, but you can text me when I get my cell phone.
I just have my home phone now 
Constantly amazed by seeing hipsters in rva.
Really, folks?
I guess it's a confirmation of that article listing us as next
good to know...
Can anyone recommend a good crossword puzzle App or two?
Happy Friday!
We hope everyone has a safe and enjoyable weekend!
:
What's that?!
Just watched GnomeAndJuliet  awesome kids movie  Brought be back to LionKing :
hahaha oh please.
I grace you with mine.
I'll doctorve next time you buy, get in loser we're going shopping 3
Hey Steve, thanks for tweeting and posting the infographic!
We were surprised at some of the comparisons.
Lol.
No is just not ready!
: SALUTE great music!thanks alot!!!
Trey songz heart attack
Hi, I like Harry Potter also.
What other fantasy movies do you like?
Do you like fantasy novels?
Ugh 70's psychedelic rock.
Try harder Raleigh .
Thanks!
I can't believe how much is going on that day.
RT : Welcome to the entire crew!
PRT : Brushing up on my mad Adobe skillz!
Thanks
Man.
I'm bored.
Speaking about main street America the new poor.
Huge shift and crisis that needs to be addoctorssed.
NowPlaying LMFAO  Sexy and I Know It
yes lol i was both : and you?!
DC: 9 Days till G DAY!
We'll be dancing in the streets!!
If you were a NASCAR doctorver, who would be your four sponsors?
What is Sarah Silverman doing on TUE April 3rd?
I have it marked on the calendar today, with no details.
???
Gym Tan Lax
Np thanks for following back :
Just announced: w/ and live at The Loft!
Friday November 4th!
Visit tkgmusicgroup.com for info
I'm sorry: I'm so busy in rl
yes but at least his doctorwn well, they are just excessive.
KMart's look like they were done in his cousin's garage
good to see you made it on to Twitter, Chef!
That kid who always catches the HR balls to CF in Texas is awesome.
Makes every play.
Looks like Kenny Powers' nephew, too.
cscfest today!
can we get a retweet!
See you there!
Eastburn.
I blame google.
justsaying it feels like a PTV day..
Perhaps
do tell!
Until this moment I never realized that Fred Savage and Ben Savage are brothers.
ya know, I tell her that all the time.
But does she listen?
Nope.
thats why i dont wanna go wiff herx
ok.
And the Geico commercial?
Yeah it just came on not too long ago.
Haha
WhyDoiAlways feel akward in public places.
Interesting presentation on conceptions of the diva among contemporary young women by Sue Cronshaw and Jan Brown.
Your starting to build a good portfolio!
Send a email to w/ the type of shoot you'd like to do!
I'd wear my contacts more often but I just don't see the point of needing to see a crow get electrocuted by a telephone pole 86 feet away.
now that sounds amazing!!
Would you invite me?
:
So sad my Lakers lost
that last tweet asking about refreshments: it's the MarriageAmerica conference in Orlando.
Please come through w/some goodness!
Jurich winked at our suitor.
Most people won't ask to dance unless they already know the answer.
B12 is courting the other hot chick now.
Crazy storm earlier lol funny same ish happening on Doug.
Welcome to the new Timeline.....
Watching Family Guy lol Don't you just love Stewie?????
:D
Fan identity crisis
Saw NeverSayNever last night!
Very inspiring and so cool to see working w/ a vocal coach!
Take care of that voice!
thanks 4 the follow
whiskeytango tonight.
We got your Friday night covered.
Food, fun, entertainment and freeparking on the street.
Fuckette on stage!
I hate it when you're playing hide and seek and you have to pee immediatly after you hide.
As the Deer and You Are My All In All are both stuck in my head so bad right now...
SaturdayCollege Football Sunday/Monday/Friday NFL Other days boring
me too
murdered that paper..
now off to play the piano for a little while!!
omg that hail is huge!
Thx!
It's baby 2.
Hoping friends  fam don't think, Eh, she's done this before  doesn't need any help/taco boxes this time.
bored  my friends house...again.
at least i got patrick with me.
happens to me all the time
Hello, three day weekend, great to see you.
Ohh Vickie please stop shouting, I have a headache already
Secret to social media: follow everyone that follows.
:
PennAW follow rain plan for Commencement today!
Goodmorning my Sweeties, have a bless day, kp ur head up and smile for me....
XoXo
Jelly has a cute belly!
Congratulations and momma and poppa and to you!
Looking for an internship?
Brand Ambassador positions are still open!
Email
hahaha!
How so?
I just wanna walk in the ocean.
maybe in canada?!
I earned the Ten Pound Club badge on Lose It!
I love everything about you when your sleeping and your mouth is shut
are you going to the game tomorrow?
Mike is enjoying Abed the most so far, I think.
Share your wedding horror stories with us...will read your tweets onair tomorrow morning.
Eating tofu veggie scramble with doggie!
RIP Dick Clark..loved watching you on American Bandstand:
Maybe shouldn't televise bernanke today for the sake of the markets
On a side note, we didn't hear about how tired the Pacers were tonight playing 4 in 5 nights in 4 cities.
On average people fear spiders more than they do death.
How curious is that?
yes that's better
Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence.
Erich Fromm
shout out to for encouraging girls to love who they are!!!!
hey!
there's a lot of readers  writers on twitter.
: any of you good folks know review sites that do thrillers?
Radelet: A lot of this story of economic growth is centered around South Africa.
The end of apartheid led to big economic changes.
I love banana pudding.
You never know what you're gonna get: a pudding covered banana slice or a pudding covered wafer.
JOY!
.
before I opened pix, I thought it would be red velvet cake!
The day I doctorft my will is the perfect day to electrocute myself!!
Very excited to order the new book from Still one of my favorite pinch hitters and one of the best walkup songs ever.
Is there a way to listen to this now that it's over?
Podcast maybe?
RT  Thank God!
Football has started here, will stop watching a disaster called Indian Cricket team in Eng!
Go New England Patriots!
Count me in to win!
I'd love it...
VZWprepaid 4 a chance 2 win: Samsung Illusion or 4G Jetpack!
I Mean Fan..
im not the Real I kno i have the Same Name as Him..
I'm just an Fan thats Very Inspired By Him..
Whoa!
We have 79 followers!
We shall make it 80 : Thanksso much guys for the support!
We will post more vids in January, taking a break.:
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to TRY
New York Knicks are up on the Bulls 2522 at the end of the first.
Fresh off his 44 pt game, Melo has 11 1st Quarter points.
The choice you make makes you says
Woo !
lol young crew !
Oo wait what ?
young crew ?
lolololol
why is it that every time i see smile i die a little inside?
: 3
lol just read my mentions
Dent: Forced to reconceive of refugee camps as permanent places, not temporary as once thought.
my right leg is bigger than you little guy  keep showin them muscles tho
not even close.!xD
Thanks!
Her name is Jen Flanagan.
Haute Heads in La Jolla.
She's amazing  AND she's my cousin!
Call her at 858.729.0846.
and you're jealous cause nobody's ever heard of north posey and they'll never sniff a sectional title...
haters gon hate
tkts get your 20 tickets for the otherwise sold out run of for THIS TUESDAY at 1 pm at Theatre 46th St
hey tyler!!!!!
omg i love your videos :
loving dad cutting on Wendell Sailor :D.
bro i downloaded the PONPONPON music video...oh,yeah...you know what we're gonna spend our first period doing xD
posted some thoughts about The Game of Life  scale to 's post; thanks for the invitation!
Tweet us your NBA Playoff questions and we'll answer them live with Canzano tonight on Sports Sunday.
need wig tomorrow  the beard thurs.
its for a commercial thats being shot.
need to know asap.
email: sfgiantsfans2012
Also my nickname for all my shoes!
A very trashionable if not fashionable collection.
MYC adult leaders don't forget we have a meeting tonight 6pm!
Spread the word!
how can we reach the top together
A special thanks to for introducing to our product!
Today is just one of those days where all the wackos are out and about
RT: The only person who cannot learn anything is the one who already is convinced that he knows everything.
RT : The interview just ended.
It was magnificent.
Julia is awesome.
Eggs aren't dairy.
whatup young reynsies, you better hit me up soon.
And keep showin out tomorrow
I need three jobs...
maybe it will help the family, right?
Then I can help myself become a singer instead of having to wait.
the weather is bad..at least she wanna be around me...where ur folks at???
all of them lef yo ass
Watching the national college cheerleading championships  i swear 1 of the teams used one of adam lambert songs as a remix 4 their routine
I can't load the conversation.
What was that in reply to?
tumblr and twitter only right now c; lol i ll check my fb in a lil 
Hey thanks!
We appreciate you taking the time to listen!
Keep in touch
My first mixtape coming out soon MARCH 29th the big day for me......
called....IT'S ME.....its crazy......hope you guys get it.....peace...
Free ride to the party.
sweet!
This AMC version has story notes  right up my alley!
Came this close to wishing I had a TV.
I called Starbucks today....
Once the servers are updated points will be updated and will be ok.
You didnt lose points.
FACT:Clear Channel's parent company was taken private in '08 by private equity firms Thomas H.
Lee Partners  BAIN CAPITAL.
dim sum.
Hmm.
Great idea.
love your pic!!
Is BROOKLYN in da house!!!
all beliebers if u love justin as much as me follow me i love and support justin now and always from the beginning to the end luv justin!
Come by and try one!?
RT : This is the best thing ever RT : The OREO gets the haute treatment courtesy of...
thats that hurt!
no problem.
sorry to trouble you friend.
Missing my baby ughh I hate that I can't go a day without being with him ...smh
Yep, that's going make things interesting for sure.
hi thanks for following tell your friends about us
Now I kinda want Mongolian grill
Edward Norton was really asking, How did they make Death To Smoochy?
Joy is born through love and spread through laughter.
WeirdCitationProblem: citing both the score and recording of a piece in the parenthetical citation
Meeting for IAP 2.0.
Building a team  much awesomeness transpiring.
Very excited!
What is wrong with baby napper going out the front doorAfter comin in window,lites on bcoz man come home late sounds OK.
The law must now treat in a 'humane way' an individual who is 'outside nature'
The station beat me to it, but glad you got a response
IfItWasntForFootball I would have no time with my girls!!!
Thank You Football.
: 
Lol except they just cut out halfway through the song.
ATL is sick on the music talent met a ton of great people!
thx for entry!!
Go to www.watchnhllive.com for all the NHL games live online just register and enjoy the games!
need help getting my husband to follow you?
ill help u out
Very encouraging to meet people that have heard of CityStreak in Nash and are excited about what we are doing!
I found a catipiller and I named him Steven
Very cool pic!
Sore from working out, kind of want to get a membership at planet fitness though
you should meet then
Meditation is food for the soul...
In an otherwise totally silent airport how is it there are always annoying girls talking right behind you?
Entrepreneurship 101: find the pain, sell the relief.
Any time we lose stations, it puts a step closer to extinction on the radio, and that's what the powers that be want!
lol im planning a tattoo party the same day...no JP but I got you and Im throwing a party 2nd week of April for rere
what time?
I'm starving guess I will cook breakfast
yeah it rained like that for 2 hours!
And I had to throw on some jeezy!!
Earned income credit has no effect on certain welfare benefits.
There is no limit to ideas when it comes to creating custom Tshirts
is it a distraction from your mission or a distraction from your personal time?
yep.
just comfirmed its WITH you..shit sorry.
ignore the previous tweet.
u are totally welcome Cant wait to get some stuff made.
Maybe when I'm in Nash next we could all chill!
Have a good rehearsal!
RT : REPORT: Jets have interest in Tim Tebow.
You know what that means another extension for Mark Sanchez...
Pool party in the Sherman Oaks hills!!
She works in cultural heritage and was citing her own research, so not sure from presentation, but I'm assuming from that sector
The only true wisdom is knowing that you know nothing.
Socrates

welcome to the community!!!
Come on boys  keep chipping away!
This isn't over...
Well, the weather has finally rebounded to close the season average!
Great to see the sun.
Now is the time for you to be getting the firs
looks like Jesus don't want him for a sunbeam.
definitely.
He actually was good before but now he is right underfoot.
My own clumsy fault.
thanks x
Do you think Seattle will try to counter offer Flynn?
No better way to recover from yesterday than with a Sunday live Jazz Brunch and a MakeYourOwn Bloody Mary bar
I do know.
Oh how I know.
The usage of the best printing company is must if high class CD jackets printing are required.
If you want to bring real representation to Irving join us today at 5p for our weekly phone bank.
Our campaign office is at 2912 MacArthur.
Herbert Hoover spoke Mandarin Chinese fluently; he lived in China as a young mining engineer.
Nice article on how plans to make Baltimore the epicenter of edtech in this month.
Catching up on my favorite show.
Revenge.
I See U Talk And Follow Ur Fans Back!!!
Am I Lucky Enough To Be The One????
: An elephant will use its penis as a 5th leg to support its weight when necessary.
really?!
I do that too!
I don't think are the ones you need to convince.
:
Thursday works.
I arrive I think in the afternoon thurs and head back out Sunday noonish /cc
We used to think was an unreliable source to get news.
Now it seems like they are more reliable to believe then big conglomerates
new holes at pitman golf course
Working on a new pool house concept...
Activity on accessory buildings is up a lot!
It's a party up in here.
Got a 21 yr scotch in hand, headphones on, and in bed watching the game next to a sleeping
you got that rite
No!
It's too cold outside :
Record number of employers  students at our career fair tonight!
Record level of tiredness from this advisor.
Still, an exciting day!
Happy birthday to my cousin Lauren who is on glee!
At her party right now!
Be careful who you call your friends, I'd rather have 4 quarters than 100 pennies.
FollowFriday Asia's largest MMA organization and network
Thank you all who came out to support the AfroHaitian modern class.
Again we hope you guys had a good time!!!
See you next Sunday!!!
I can't believe you just said that about my class facepalm
we just launched our new website!!!
yayy!!
www.momentumcleveland.com
I think 1 in 1983 RT : lol...Yeah those five rings will make ppl mad...lol.
Does Ripken have one?
Happy Saturday!!
Don't forget beginning in March we are open on Sundays!!
Reserve your appointments now!
A doctoram with out a goal is just....
A wish
library of congress retrieval rate for ft.
meade off site storage is close or at 100.
nowhere near that for regular stacks.
Don't settle for less when you capable of doing GREAT in life, God said in his own word that anything is possible
Times goes by a lot slower when you miss the one you love
Intention and action?
The gap between them much wider than you think!
if you weren't there did you get a locker?
wear you hair just for him cause you won;t get him thinkin and a parayin, wishin' and a hopin'
I don't know whose words were worse Delman Young or his attorney, Daniel Ollen, citing privileges because he is a world famous athlete.
yobitv Are you having technical difficulties ?
because ive been tweeting and I dont see my tweets.
School me im new to this?
What a sick goal!
Datysuk is making things happen out there, congratz to Nyquist on his first NHL goal.
great hang!
Cant wait till u rock the lounge tomorrow thanks for the follow
I'll be pleasantly surprised when it's Friday at 5!
And most importantly don't tweet about your doctorma...
FF awesome authors
Hopefully it's a good one for you!
COme and visit one of best and brightest
Its run by wix, right?
I'm not a big fan of how they run websites.
Just me though.
: What, specifically, does it mean to be riding dirty?
doctorving w/ doctorgs, guns, warrents, ect ect.
Wow!
That is really sad!
Kids today cannot read cursive dpla...
this impacts access and research in older collections.

IM NOT JOKING!
I KNOW UNLIKE OTHERS WHO VINNY IS AND TONY SO SIT DOWN AND WORRY ABOUT YOUR OWN FREAKING SELF!
k thanks bai!:
RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy people who say the miami heats
Studio Session with 
He was amazing at the last event.
We didn't let him play only sing because of his carpal tunnel.
So..yes..def on the invite list
Watching you on younow right now : follow me back please?
:
thanks for tha ad.
what hurts so much is the excitement of 40.
thinking wow we can really do this.
and then it was like a punch in the stomach.
Define your mission  understand the impact you need to make on society then innovate to accomplish.
michael edson
thank you
Looking forward to heading to DC for the week!
Cool!
I really like the packaging idea you had.
None.
Nicklaus won in 1966 which would have been Easter, but it went to an 18 hole playoff
I'm a business man love!
Don't take it personal.
I could care less bout da beef.
I'm strictly bout da paper.
Legally changing my name to This is commercial towing vehicle 'Nostromo'
was good bro lol
so what you gotta do is find out who is charge of it and send me his info.
Watching TheVoice in eastern time tonight.
I'm slightly addicted.
TINY BEAR CUB.
THAT'S NOT AN EXUSE.
i think we were joking ediblesd : altho i supposed there is no way to prove or disprove it
Questions re on : 1.
What options viz Pakistan did Obama give up by increasing troop levels?
2.
What troop level 
sorry aha next time, it was only half a water bottle full
because you was retarded?
um that can't be good lol!
I'm going to stab my eyes out
nowplaying maps  yeah yeah yeah...
Act like a lady, think like a man...Happy Beernes!
All due respect to OU and OSU, Boise etc.
There should be a rematch for the national title between LSUAlabama
Seeing people change isn't what hurts.
What hurts is remembering who they used to be.
What an awesome game last night!
Did everyone enjoy the Superbowl as much as we did?
Piers your interview with Goldie was refreshing!
She handled your thought provoking questions w/grace
Yesterday I saw The Raid: Redemption but I was nodding off from lack of sleep so I kinda feel like I doctoramt it.
you're a funny tweeter
would that web developer happen to need PHP/doctorpal skill sets?
Because its important!!!
Lol.
Not...
I'm getting a report that a crowd is waiting outside the Nike Store at MOA.
Apparently the new Jordan's have them fired up!
New race grp actually selling tix.
They say.
: Race On says they will begin selling tickets to the Baltimore Grand Prix May 28.
watching jersey shore relaxing...im in the mood for some rice and beans..
I have finally figured out Why my hands always have cuts on them
worse night of work so far.
bout to go celebrate bushmans 18th birthday though, should be fun!
:D
I love 's story tweets.
makes me blush when we talk.
;D
yikes!
Hope you made it safe pal!
I still can't believe and played with Frank Ocean this year at Coachella.
Too cool.
Yes indeed, Bethany , you formulated the witty I Done Good.
Not sure how to correct the oral record...
I've always said that if i could quit one bodily function, it would be sleeping.
Great insights from dinner: Marketing initiatives around particular brand attributes more manageable and measurable
I have tried my best n gave my best effort i luv u 4ever n always n plzzzz follow me 3: xoxoxoxo Luv your biggest fan!!!!!
In this life we cannot do great things.
We can only do small things with great love.
Mother Teresa
I hate tied third period hockey.
He who has a thousand friends has not a friend to spare, while he who has one enemy shall meet him everywhere.
Ali bin Abi Talib
Happy Christmas Heavenly Angel!
S/O at new twit fam
We hope Peanut makes it home very soon!
when does rags premiere
Nothing makes me feel like a good citizen like a 10 a.m.
liquor store run.
every murder has and is a story.
I suggest turning off the tv, that is something you have control over
my sleep patterns are fucked up
any plans for a tour stop around Washington DC?
IS SINGING ALICIA KEYS !!
2 TONES HIGHER THAN ALICIA NOTES !!
LOL
!
: Just Announced: DEAD MAN WINTER in the Entry on Thursday, May 10.
We brought all the kids!
Let's hope I don't go crazy!
you gotta pay the crown to win a crown  RT :
Sounds great ...
See you tomorrow
says community plans have not been updated since 1970s and 1980s
It's better here...
ComeVisitSoon :
One more final tonight then back to Columbus!
Just woke up from a nice hour nap relaxing :
connection test
Gracias for the mention
sigh yeah we need to pack something maybe our minds?
We lost them somewhere when we went crazy
still need to see more??
Thirdquarter U.S.
GDP growth came in at 2.5, much stronger than consensus forecasts
Seattle they missed out on
You know those moments in life when you realize you already have everything you ever wanted?
For me  that moment was today.
Spending the day with my mom!
That's just silly...
but the good content ones, can always remember to put on queue to read.
Joshua Joshua Joshua.
Its Island Night!!
3 Coronas and 4.50 Margaritas.
Down goes Overbay.
what's new?
Haven't talked in forever...
Our first Strategic Sales Customer is on board!
W.allerentconsulting.com
it's getting better :
I've a sick little girl today so if anyone has any queries please direct emails to the general aimagencypr addoctorss  which all staff access
Hahah YES.
True story, my grandma has a picture of him next to Jesus in her house.
menus printed.
Wines are waiting.
Sitting in the newly finished wine room.
Cannot wait.
There will be bubbles!
sugar...spice...
everything nice
No worries.
I'v done the same.
aha.
damn twitter app needs to get it together!
,
I'mma tell u one time Justin doctorw Bieber is Down to Earth in My World Baby!
;3
When things finally go your way ....
Is anyone else getting DMs like this: haha i cant stop laughing, your facial expression here is priceless!
One week away from the big batch of We can't wait to see how it turns out!
very rich mom.
Her fiancee died in a plane crash.
I buy it and her 100!
Not yet but I'm sure she will soon.
I was listening to music I didn't hear u
Avg redemption rates for mobile coupons is 515 vs.
1 for regular coupons
tomorrow gonna eat out with my dad,and with my grandfathers :D family moments without my mother: c
The weather sure has been beautiful lately.
Whats your favorite place to explore and take photos at around RVA?
Belle Isle?
Maymont?
we are not the same i am a martian
Whens does the bumps in feefos whip tees come out lol
Guys, I can't get Klouchebag to work.
Can someone tell me what I am?
lmfao my bad!
I live for little moments like that 3
text me about saturday because i'm on facebook and you didnt send me.one : :
Well.
Damn.
Enjoy 50 Off at bars with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
Do you know any good local restaurants in Indy?
I am downtown and could use a suggestion.
Thst why I rather not want to deal with anyone at any level as friends, relationship or some family It's because the shit on you if they can
lol you are going ham on someone right now
RT : In my 30 years this is what I've learned about women: 1.
No means no 2.
Maybe means no 3.
Yes means maybe
do u have holidays??
RT : 57 of marketers welcome social media users involvement and participation with their brands Extra Mile Research
yes sir you are correct.
BackInElementarySchool Bubblegum, bubblegum, in a dish, how many pieces do you wish?
So cheesesticks and chicken
I'm looking for a breakfast grits casserole in case you have a recipe I can try this weekend!
Again, account was hacked.
Don't click on link in a private message from me  even if you have lost weight.
Ugh, still feeling really sick after 2 weeks.
At least I slept well last night.
Time to get some work done
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
I'm out there looking for love but maybe the love I have for you is telling em something.
Ah puppy did so good !
good singing and comedy on tgif by the way i have internet lol
Flying Southwest to San Diego for csa12.
The buckle was too tight.
I had to loosen it.
we almost got a new puppy!
Luckily for u he belonged to someone.
Can any of y'all estimate log base 10 of 2000 factorial for me?
I.e., how many digits in 2000!
?
Wait, people that get cancer are trying to set themselves on fire?!
RT : If you get cancer go to the doctor, don't go to Tibet.
not as great as
Thanks man!
Its available online of course but we'll get u a fresh pressed copy soon!
Its a new sound..
I seriously want answers.
What was that?
Some kind of lame Texas highschool football locker room?
I don't get it.
Watching les mis.
Sweet mother of jonas...
staying for
This kid is annoying, aye aye.
follow me please
oh god
You have to try the boiled crawfish.
They look creepy but they taste wonderful.
Out of 550 NLH.
Down to 1/3 of entrants.
No action on my big hands and coolered in other spots.
I usually wouldn't put myself out there like on the last tweet but its the truth
Send me a picture please!!!
The app downloads them into the app and as far as I know there's no way to get them out.
Your pc just uses your iTunes.
Pascoe's book Dude, You're a Fag does a great job demonstrating this point about school violence labeled as homophobic.
u can say that shit again
The Gators strong point is a luxurious interior with ample space for passengers in all three rows
Don't leave her if you can't let her go..
Seattle's Conversations Live ...
link above!
Thanks for asking.
hey brahh I'd appreciate a shout out I need help with followers
That moment when you try not to itch something and right before the itch went away you scratch it
All the teens in my Talk To Teens wanted to read Ready Player One, too, Elena!
Peer pressure!
when will you be releasing this in the US?!?!
RT Very disappointed in Judge Flanagan's decision yesterday.
I'm the only one allowed to break the rules in WI.
Stop acting like your so cool.
We all hate you.
im in RB ...
not too close to where i work but i will try
I attended your class Friday night at Kicks Unlimited in Middleton, WI.
Had a blast.
Thanks for visiting our area!
You're welcome Ronluv that quote by F Scott Fitgerald!
Have a great weekend!
yooooo let's do this
Just registered .
I just texted u foo and they told me wrong number!!!
Lmao
What day do you leave?
:
I'm thankful for a wonderful and loving boyfriend who always knows how to make me feel better
Just got home really tired for some reason wish my girlfriend was here with me smhhhh
Recap for UFC 138 coming?
Your 137 take was good.
And thanks, Lisa, for suggesting search.twitter.com, which I didn't know aboutthough I've found iPhone apps that do this.
I might be going to bed at 10pm on a Friday night
FOLLOW ME!?
Pleasssseee!?;
No fucks shall be given today.
When I zig zag I need a clear signal to get back on track.
Some of us are being to missled on music being played on the radio.
its sad :/
RiseShine it's WakenBake time!!
Hope everyone has a horny weekend,shout out 2 the bestTeamLilKim  TeamJanetJackson!!
Shoutout to my man Heard you've been waiting on a Tweet from me
nails done then swimming w/ nicole and erica .
3
Did anyone else know that DJ Pauly D copied travis barkers rib cage tattoo??
RT : She was never a bitch, pain made her that way...
I so missed out on Vegas.
: wah.
Oh got it!
Yes, we could add that embed code too.
Follow back julia lol
...made all my friends and family feel loved
bookaday THE TROUBLE WITH MAY AMELIA by Jennifer L.
Holm
No problem; I suspected a copy/paste culprit.
Keep fighting the good plaintext fight!
Any wine is good.
If its wine, its mine.
Is singing a lot this next month and I need to be acting.
Come on bring me something juicy.
With pay for my sweet agents too
Wasn't she cursed?
Thought she was aware of everything going on while she was a mummy.
Could be I'm misremembering.
He's the king we deserve AND the one we need right now.
Mike is a shit.
Do you want to expand on that?
Uh, sure.
He is a massive and total shit.
I Feel Left Out Now .
I'll be there this week!!
RT : missed u Sunday night homie!
of course there will be room for you.
I will start SXSW13 planning in Sept  ping me then!
Congrats to Bon Iver from Eau Claire WI for winning a Grammy!
Mark your calendar: Sept.
3, Indianapolis cancersurvivorsupport bike ride.
15, 30 or 50mile rides.
More info soon.
Lol, that was before they had Andoctorw Bynum.
thinks I've found the cure for stupidity a shock collar  if it doesn't cure them at least u got a good laugh watching them twitch.
You promised you would never break my heart ..
you promised ..
Everything you said I believed ..
For nothing ..
No texts no calls, nothing.
But I'm still here thinking about you like crazy.
Glad you're following us.
Please let us know if we can help you.
I am one boob, you are the other boob and together?
breast friends 
RIP Steve Jobs :
CRM exam on monday but i am still left wif 1.5 chapters UNTOUCH!!!
i am just gonnnaaaaa DIE i suppose!!!.
Member when we were little and we couldn't find a letter on the keyboard?
OH MY GOD WHERE IS THE 'P' SOMEONE MUST HAVE TOOK IT Onevermind
wish I lived in NYCI would volunteer!
Love is just love, it can never be explained.
Rt if you want POTUS to addoctorss fielder's move to the tonight
AH!
Just watched the BiggestLoser Finale!
SO INSPIRING!!!
doctorve safely!
i'm following you too now!!!
School is hard..
Getting tired.
I don't understand how we are willing to pay for convicts healthcare yet not our poor neighbours
CHI Locals' Night attendees: check in w registration then go to exhibit hall.
The cool stuff is behind and to the side of the trade show.
Just finished a huge project.
Took off my headphones and Woo'ed, waking up the dog, who wagged his stumpy tail and went back to sleep.
So, is pretty fantastic.
Wishing I could spend more time hanging around and checking things out.
Happy Good Friday!
Lift Him up today.
I sure am!
Hope you are too!
:
What most persons consider as virtue, after the age of 40 is simply a loss of
Eating A Chocolate Chip Poptart  EVERYBODY Staring At Me lmaoooooo
i really miss having a boyfriend.
i want someone that i can call mine and only mine.
mm ..
I love food :D3 and I love you
pretty girl wants to get naked for me on her cam, don't mind if I do.
:D
Just cleaned off my desk.
The odds of finding anything I need tomorrow?
Really annoyed right now ....
I'm wearing my promise ring from high school.
Diamonds are forever, what's his name isn't.
Culture eats strategy for lunch  David Pryor, Allina CIO Working on new IT change program and this quote is as true as ever ;
you're welcome :
: Morning everyone!
Good morning Jas!
Omg just saw on ABDC!!!
So true.
Alternative  Format are essential, utterly.
A big day for the 1
Watching trey songz shout out
I have high hopes for today!
Wrong thing to do??
i love you follow me
Good night all going to help my little buddy find the head to his spiderman.
lol.
Sweetdoctorams everyone!
Watched the winner from Rock of Love flirt with peeps.
Seems nice...
yeah ima call I the morning cause this is just ridiculous
I wanted to say the sky when you asked me what's up?!
lol :
Why is it that its so hard to get vehicles legal i mean damn
Not big on horror films, but Cabin in the Woods was really enjoyable.
Took an old paradigm to a unique place, selfaware, and a bit funny.
So let's see: Train doctorams et al.
were good, but not good enough.
Ah, the exquisite silliness of prizegiving.
we'll see u there!
Postville march powerful.
Sad to hear Statue of Liberty doesn't say give me your illegal aliens.
No one is illegal.
Everyone is human.
THANK YOU for the FF!
Great to connect with you!
you need some pizza!
Haha  congrats.
how many do you want?
Seeing Incubus at Raley Field tonight!
Anyone else in Sac going?
Never underestimate unchecked stupidity in GOP rank  file; they may decide to hold debt ceiling hostage again anyway
I'm at the edge of being poor.
you need to tell me your moms decision for jmoms cause we cant go if you cant.
:P
That toe was down.
Unreal catch
RT : That was definitely a shut the f up from Peavy to AJ.
Speaks for so many.
Looking for a last minute gift for a musician in your life?
We have coffee mugs, mousepads, and other fun items still in stock.
Come on in!
The Marriage Plot can make the NBCC finalist list, but can it beat Green Girl in Tournament of Books?
It is fucken hot out...
wishing you a JOYOUS Christmas eve
I'm not surprised by the fail RT My wife just paid over 200 to attend one day of the conf.
Way to not have scales,
P.S.
im at my grandma's house but im coming back on sunday.
xoxo
Secondly, my basement is a real asshole.
Some couples are so cute.
RT Portland Trailblazers Ray Charles said it all.
Yes, just you be strong And it will be all right.
IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT.
Studies show what ADHD tends to affect movement more in boys than in girls.
Few comparative studies have been done, though.
kk ill accept you
7 hours I have to wake up?
On a Friday ...
fuck me!!!!
Goodnight.
Im still fly :p
Happy Hour all day!
HEY EVERYONE!!
GO FOLLOW MAKE YOUR LIFE A BIT BETTER :
Thanks for sharing, Tempranillo is one of our top award winners.
Thanks to for carying GroveWines.
Cheers!
Or go to Jimmy's ToGo!
Cooked to order burgers, the best in Reedsburg!
I'm more irrational than the girl on steroids
there's over 6,000,000,000 people in this world, don't let 1 bring you down 3
I don't mean to pile on you, btw.
Not my intent.
I'm just hearing justifications that don't make any sense to me about them.
Going on the road with BUILT TO SPILL this week!!!
CAN'T WAIT!!!
This test is taking way to long!
People who don't like bacon cannot be trusted, end of story.
Follow today to help childoctorn across America receive the education they deserve!
RealChangeProject RT and Follow!
I finally figured it out!
The Red Sox are bad!
Phew, that feels better.
My brother telling me the story of how he got lost in the hotel after only being alone for fifteen minutes was amazing
ThatDepressingMoment when your parents come 2 your school and your not there...
Ass whipping soon 2 follow.
:o
Still in NY?
Auckland has smells pure and clean....anyone agree?
haha!
that is just dangerous!!
You Only Live Once.
Uh..?
I think doctorzzy forgot about the Vampires.
New York should be embarrassed by the lack of effort in this final quarter.
somebody tell austin to come to new york on may 12th for my birthday 3 wahh
thanks so much!
Big Gaslight fan
shout out plz
I said we needed someone actually IN clothes.
Action will remove the doubts that theory cannot solve.
Tehyi Hsieh
Off today  applying for jobs.
Need to find something soon!
people that make lite of rape are a special kind of stupid.
You're a horrible person!
this kid needs some help.
NP lol ur the only one who called me doll face lolololol
Nearly 80yr old client on her slumlord landlord: He really burns my feathers.
I just want to beat.
him.
up.
An agreement has been reached with the Guinness World Book of Records to review  sanction the 25K mile solo challenge ride as a WR attempt
Nathan Smith just mixed the bazookies out of my client's project  STELLAR Nathan!
the only cartographers we have left in the world work in the gas stations in small towns.
Sweet receipt map, ma'am.
I'm always happy to share with you!
aw thank you.
im glad you enjoy watching my work
This is the one, Nick.
orioles :
thank You!!
A devil can come disguised as a Christian and who loves God holding the Bible.
.
That's probably another transplanted New Yorker doing that deal!
well that didn't work.
Going to see Think like a man tonight..
Tickets already bought..
I'm geeked.
Ain't been out in While..
Havent been on here ina long time been busy with the new year hope everyones year is goin yood so far
I feel like every time I look up at the TV Kopecky's on the ice.
Free album download of www.blasesplee.com
I love my boyfriend more than anything.
Watching Frontline on the causes of the financial crisis frightens me more than The Walking Dead.
The narrator is not soothing tonight.
Sometimes, I just don't understand people.
Gonna make a Chipotle run this afternoon.
I'll be thinking about you; when I bite into it.
; Enjoy your road trip!
I do not agree w/ Joyner approach.
Lettermen should've been more involved but you are hurting us more than any scandal.
could it be?
: zombies are disinclined to eat spicy foods  prefer meals consisting of banana source?
In Norfolk wrapping up the last day of SGMP, trade show today and then the 4 hour doctorve home
Sick on a Sat night im laying on the couch recovering and watching Wonka too!!
so that's how you keep the mafia from finding you in witness protection?
My back hurts alot!
Oh, did the Mountain Dew arrive already?
We had planned it for the 3pm break.
Please Make My Day And Follow Me!!
xoxo mahomie ;
Not thinking straight  got nailed passing through Lordsburg speed trap doing 75 in a 65.
84 Gah!
Spill coffee on your carpet?
We can help you with that stain!
BREAKING Just learned that AB481 will be discussed tomorrow.
Youth Council members are calling state representatives: You should too!
So you're putting the governor on the level with a nutjob?
Fair enough then I guess.
This day is just going to suck
Angela this was amazing, and we beat the Sp ideachats So many great ideas!

Already done.
I've put a lot of work into twitter...I wish I liked it more!
I am the founder of white girl dancing.
Are you in training for something?
We offer an ontime guarantee, complimentary vehicle amenities such as incar WiFi, personalized packages that will meet all of your needs.
I got all I need and its alright by me.
It is 2012.
I am creating a new site, and it is taking more than two minutes to hook up the database.
I'm going nuts.
So the Blackhawks fell apart in the third period, but unfair officiating is what ultimately screwed them over in this series.
Total BD.
If youre talking about me behind my back that just means my life is obviously more interesting than yours
I love your backround :
Equal Rights!
Go Gays!
I give your work an Aplus, Jason!
I linked the practice song to your video : you still work here?
Question: Why do traffic lights rarely go swimming?
Answer: They take much too long to change.
wish I was there!
Miss you too!
Every sad country song apologizes for being the man that I'm not.
I must be going about this the wrong way, I never even have to be sorry.
I just pinged the pastor from the nondenominational church I mentioned to you to see if he can fit in a chat/meeting with u
OKAY TWITTER JAIL SUCKS
Have been for a while 3 We love all the divisions of FeaR
: What I miss most: Being a little kid with no stress, worries, or care in the world.
Very true...
Some days more than others
Creepy crawlers
CaseyAnthony Need to clean your criminal record?
Call NOW.
Serving Pinellas County.
474 9988
So true!
: Seriously cannot decide which character I like better ModernFamily They're all friggin' hlarious!!
Wanna go to my roof..
And scream as loud as I can...
How many iphones have you had?
I'm talking to someone who may have lost more than you, need to know who wins.
yeah I love the odds tmisterfor memphis.
I'm hopin denver can outlast the lakers in the next quarter...
that would be a good idea.
Thank.
I knew you would know what to do
Fun night out dancing last night.
Still chuckling to myself over watching the local weatherman hit on young ladies.
More on Works Cited: if I can't find a foreign name, I search partials.
If a student gets diacritics right, I'm quite impressed.
Successful Mission!!!
We're good friends!!!
Seeing That Comment Really Got Me Thinking I Wanna Go Back Home...
no prb J.Young
I love your icon.
c:
Teri Hatcher is behind me at El Pollo Loco doctorve thru!!
Celebs ARE just like you  me.
She looks a lot like an old hispanic lady in person
follow back bro!
Today's dogTown customer celebrity lookalikes include: Marc Maron and a black Kate Micucci
Heading to SHEAR tomorrow!
Anyone else?
I love that Malibu country is already getting great reviews just from the trailer clip,can u imagine when it's actually aired??
XOXOXO
Laughing out loud about taking out his neighbors mailbox!
I know right?
I can't help but think they eventually come back to earth though.
bored tweet...
Out with  crew in my old hood.
Journey playing, Busch Light flowing down the locals throats....yup I'm home.
i guess so goodwill LOL craziest shit i senn and about laughed myself to a heart attack
Another month.
Another year.
Another smile.
Another tear.
Another winter and another summer too.
But there can never be another you.
2nd annual New Yrs party is a day away,txt for location or call.
if u been before well u just know if u haven't well u will.
People already
Congrats!!
RT : YES.
Thrilled that O: The Oprah Magazine includes 's SILVER SPARROW in its Best Books for 2011!
no it was for casper....yes it was for you :
My early morning gym session was a fail due to my extreme soreness from my first intramural volleyball match.
the philanthropist of the day!
She fights for education  started the Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls in South Africa!
dh11 altac altac stresses importance of formalizing research time allowance for altacs.
Written into job contracts.
: I'm so pumped I could die!!!
Is it the song I think it is?!!!!
nope.
No one has heard this one at all yet
CHUCK wit the TACO MEAT!!!
You can start it at any time.
Mine started at 30 ;
C'mon 'nucks fans, they earned it.
The Waterboy is on!:D
Chad Ochocinco has restructured contract and will be back with
SHUTUP NO ONE CARES.
I will make my presence known on the runways of New York, Milan and Paris Broadway and Hollywood WILL know my name!
Rob u are the realest man on earth, easyly said for me.
Bless ur Fam
Are any of you giving cookbooks as holiday gifts?
What are your favorites?
Omg I don't understand guys ugh
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves.
E.
Joseph Cossman
Oh come on girl.
Ya know you want him.
; 
reading your TS is like watching a kitten bat around a ball of string.
You make it look easy keep up the good work!
Awesome man!
2 of our DOM Founding Fathers are from Columbus, OH not to far from your neck of the woods.
Salute to YoungChop
is it crowded at Cliff Hagan Stadium?
hated to have to call for that!
She's resting now!
Her  grandma making doctorssing  talking about how bad we was!
We're bringing a bit of uptown to downtown Memphis.
Try faves like salmon roulade, lobster tempura, corn/blueberry saladvintage cocktails!
Hey if I said I like your face will you ship me and phil!
Nah...
what they NEED is to be communicators and facilitators in projects that involve specialists who can do these things
I appreciate your doing the right thing.
wrong person...
I call everyone boo boo.
Don't get mad.
It's out of cario!
3
chillin how r u mister Beatz !
Why is that every time you approach the doctorma, they act as if nothing is wrong..
Rehabilitation starts by having your dog know what is expected of him
Can replay officials hear ABC announcers?
I think Herbstreit just talked them into overturning 2 pt call
I'm in Maine for the week w/ the fam!
Hope Yall Come : 
great job!
good luck in the tt.
Costume put together...now if I just had a Halloween ball to go to.
do you know of one?
Steak On Me
I dont know what's your plans for today I was wondering if we can sit down and talk
I have this professorle stem

the garlic fries are also legendary at ballpark in arlington, only one concession stand.
Worth the lap to get Agree!
But I always appreciate critical feedback.
Listen to every word said.
Where would I find the Serial number?
Friend us on Yahoo!
Username: poisedcreation
attempting to relate the words 'eating meat' and 'slavery.' But u'r argument changes the the meaning of the 2nd word.
You people in lexington rock.
had such a good time and everyone is so nice!
: back to work bright and early tomorrow
go for it!
I'm sure they are setting us up to one day wear Tommy Bahama shirts and too much cologne
MissPoonamC it was boring!
I turned it off half way through
I usually avoid recruiting until it heats up but I can't help already get a little excited.
Could we land 15 four stars in this next class?
anyone who RTs is cool in our book
all coldplay would be fun!
First Chili peppers then a Coachella ride the week after that :
We can only move 20 mph at the fastest because of all the damage and debris.
There is just massive, massive destruction
hey guys!
if you put us in your ff's we and will follow you back and put you in our ff's!
3
Event went well, perfect day for it, but I'm def ready for some happy hour.
Probably heading to Kite n Key in Fairmount:
I completely agree and the subjectivity limits the lasting impact of the piece.
3 ideas come to mind 
I've never seen so quite......am I diss appointed yea but what a season Broncos what a season.
you will!!
Thank you so much!
Dancers with talent heart and respect like u make me love what I do so much!!
No worries I'll come swoop when ya ready.
RT : 's essay collection I Must Not Think Bad Thoughts is brilliant.
I am too stupid with souldelay to articulate how.
Modern Touch DJs at Boondocks next Friday, June 19th.
omg!
my professorssor probably thinks im a weirdo, she came out the elevator and I was sitting right there waiting haha.
Guiseppe Meazza's shorts fell down whilst taking a penalty in the 1938 World Cup.
He was the butt of the jokes that year
I haven't been to Whole Foods in ages.
Perhaps it was a doppelganger?
And yes, I am serious.
:
Are ppl really trippin on 10 sec clip w/ the crooks shirt?!!!
Plz pray that God gives u a life.
Cowboys fans unite!
Leaping forward indeed!
Past choices are present results.
I wonder why oregano in particular ...
like does the same go for cumin?
: Crazy!
RT We closed at 5 pm today due to capacity spring crowds Explains the smell on the metro tonight!
lmfao yeah okay.
I intend to fight obstruction with action.
The coming season.
''Enough is enough, no more walking around with my head down, I'm so over being blue, crying over you
Hahaha Beiber knows what team to be on
You are having a pretty busy summer!
Gunna Kill In In Marysville In September!
Can't Wait;D Cody I Can Listen To YOU AllDay 3
It is a man's own mind  not his enemy or his foe that lures him into evil ways.
oh yea!
I will try  stop by.
What day are you getting to portland?
We are getting there thursday evening.
told my parents the only way ill try to gradaute is if they got me some custom eyelashes and hotass acrylics
Thanks anyway!
Pacific Coast deadline, June 30!!
See you then.
Going to show tonight.
Im her ride there, so PUMPED.
Waitin on her and Coree to get ready so we can roll.
Woman gives birth on trolleybus in Bratislava
Cinematography is infinite in its possibilities...
much more so than music or language  Cinematographer Conrad Hall
wow1 way too much loyals on right now
ty open minded is a choice ppl chose 2 make or noti chose 2 be open minded  not live in ignorance  w/racist views
Another interesting report School Finance in the Digital Learning Era tp://mbcurl.me/3YT
liber2011 If lib's info budget is cut, will student attainment fall?
Opinion: but the other variables could fall as well.
Still wondering what happened to you...
Today is a great day!
My parents get to meet my wonderful family and Campaign Week officially begins at midnight!
:
Pharmacy Discounts  Save up to 65  Wegmans  LEVOTHYROXINE SODIUM 
Just had fried calamari for the first time.
Feelin adventurous fo sho.
My mom is so embarrassing..
Smh.
Does anybody else think the last couple minutes of Wilco's The Whole Love sound kind of like a pleasant little Phish jam?
Well, I do.
I agree that there are other ways to getting animals to live with us in harmony, thanks
All I want is an article on the history of tuberculosis in the Americas or Egypt.
One that I don't have to purchase.
lmao you never get wet , dont know how to take that when you say it xD
dunder mifflin RT The awkward moment when you say something funny to a group of people you've just met and none of them laugh...
Look Bubbles, go back to ya habitaaaatt.
Maybe it's a deeper study that says 1million would not make them as happy as connecting with people
SXSW Film is currently underway.
What's everyone excited about seeing/what keynotes are you attending?
That amazing moment when you post a comment on facebook and everyone likes it.
Friends is the best show on Earth.
Once your payment has been received we will be completing the donation in your name or your company's name and you will get confirmation...
I CANT BELIEVE THEY LET JOSHUA LEDET GO ONE OF THE BEST SINGERS ON IDOL GO!
Yu Can Never Get To Old To Love Fruit Snacks!
:
if we try to run a regular offense, we're screwed with...
Peyton Manning Notice Denver is changing offense for PM too
Take care nigga
I know, it sucks.
I haven't seen you all in forever :P
Turn off the lights ACE Damn .
That's funny!
Come up here, there's lots of snow to sled in!
BAH Nation...check out your BrassAHolics live on Fox News 8 for the noon broadcast.
check out my Model Journal, Extra Extra Read All About It,on the front page of Paul Fisher's www.networktalentcommunity.com/
so some people say ima hoe but then also wana fuck me so if u think ima hoe and u still wana fuck me don't that make u a hoe 2random though
no proof that he did either just one test that was tainted and 2 subsequent negative tests.
Get facts straight.
happy bday, Pitt!
RT This year marks the 225th anniversary of the founding of Pittsburgh's oldest university.
it is nice let me hold it lol !!
I doctorwn a picture of you .
but it failed :/
Black is beautiful.
White is beautiful.
Asian is beautiful.
Hispanic is beautiful.
Fat is beautiful.
Skinny is beautiful.
You are beautiful.
RT : RT : Marco Rubio delivers foreign policy addoctorss with bipartisan tone at Brookings Institution...
Hi there, did you get our email?
we sent it via your website email today.
Don't miss 'em.
The Video Game Awards, tonight at 7pm on Spike.
Fun day at batimorehistoric talking about Interesting things to think about, lots of different perspectives on digitization
We're really lucky to have COO Cris Ros Dukler addoctorssing the corps today.
im on twitter and you are not!
;D
my epidermis hurts.
Sleeper show of the week at HighDive tonight with Just Like Vinyl, and my personal PDX fave White Orange.
Next door.
well then c'mon what you waitin for?
:
Time to teach spin!
What is your Tuesday workout routine?
6WordSciFiStory  Immortality sucks when you're all alone.
oh man, you're in town?!
haha she got from her mama lol: shes so cute
This is embarrassing.
Classless.
thank you!
We think you're awesome 
I think not
Farmer Lawrence Calvert  I tell his grandkids that their my grandkids, bc they're like another set of grandkids
Hey I checked out Reverb.
Love the sound of the 1st track, pity I'll nvr be able to play it out loud cause of 'that' word :
lets do that nxt weeknd so we hv time to plan and we get paid lol
omigod is it responding to attention?
Naughtiness and a Time Out
as is yours  I canoed the Issabella River  have seen the northern lights.
...I grew up in the Midwest ...Canada vry close
you look amazing!
hola, sorry my Spanish is poor.
In 2 weeks Google PokerStars club Alicante, Spain  you will view The Fumaos Club.
Thanks
some great coaching sessions lately.
we have so many wonderful clients and are so grateful!
fox football guys live now  stream at www.foxsportsradio.com
If you are engaged with your breathing, in doctorwing in each full breath, you will open up an entirely new world of potential.
sometimes Sundays just feel like a big flaming sack of shit waiting to get stomped on.
footnote: took it personally.
Wife has adored u all her life..think u need to serenade her for her Xmas present here in ky
I wish for a world of peace, harmony,  nakedness.
no problem and thank you for asking how I've been to lol
filling up a cart like I'm on Supermarket Sweep!
Thanks for the goat dinner!
What's the name of the restaurant?
just went ham figuring shit out for the concert.....check yo fb messages bitches

LOVE IT.
Cross your fingers for no rain tomorrow!
Here's hoping we'll be able to hit the parade route tomorrow!!
Pulling a book off the shelf at the library.
whodoesthisanymore?!?
Good for Chara in being able to play at World's.
Just not sure I understand taking on more ice time after 196 games in the last 18 months.
Don't give me a fucking attitude when I'm trying to help you out
A clean studio is a happy studio.
Alright already, I think we've all heard the news, Facebook buys Instagram.
sheaintwifeymaterial if she still wearing those chinese slippers thinking she cute
they're the best
Almost finished the first season of Whoa, what a series!
Thanks Bryce for lending me the graphic novel.
Have a green beer!
that because TIM Duncan is amazing!!!
the secret is cleavage...I've been learning this as the night goes on
TGIF Thank God I'm Fearless  have a wonderful day Tweeps what's on the agenda for today?
Alpha avoids grates in the city  her little pads get jammed in those holes.
Same with local dog wash shop  grid in sink.
NJ's weekend rain was much needed, but didn't make much of a dent in the doctorught.
All of NJ still experiencing a moderate doctorught.
Lmao this guy on the train too funny, found out my mom works for the VA and said she needs to help him w/ his hemorrhoids bahahahahahha
I have that kind of face, I guess.
Someone just insisted my name was lee and that they knew me.
WhatHurtsTheMost stubbing your toe on furniture: That shit is painful.
It's FF and we're saying nice things again if you do...
Wow that combination just sounds scary!
What are you singing?
Toi, toi and kick some ass!
they got there butts kicked tonight
Midget man just calld me say he fina pull dwn.
Always wanted to see the inside of the Brexton.
Rickey stops by103.5 Big Dog Country Radio Sodus NY Wed 24th call to request What I Love About America Show your American Pride
talk to day
Thanks for sharing with your readers.
Hope you can make it!
:O Lol why?
Fasting isn't too hard when you really don't have time to eat.
Originally called Apple Computers Inc.
fridayreads Fragile Beasts by Tawni O'dell  listening to The Help by Kathryn Stockett.
Love the different narratorsthe book comes alive
Willie Harris was outrighted to Louisville.
Closing all the internet windows by the time your boss gets to your desk is like getting the keys into the door before the killer gets you.
I wish oomf would talk to me
yeah right, they're all angels...
dude freaking amazing!
Wouldn't it be funny if Frank McCourt won the Mega Millions jackpot?
Don't miss the last FESPA Wrap Cup Master Series Americas match of the day at 4:40 pm in booth 1083!
Intel's 'Centerton' is first Atom chip for servers: Chip giant will launch a special Atom chip for servers to take on its nemesis ARM.
i hope you feel better 
don't forget to register for RAWconf and to submit your paper to the first ever Sherry Clarkson Prize
I should've kissed you.
And never left.
Darn!
You missed a good show.
It was like the best two seconds of me life.
