Your CADDY FROM maines says HI
I can not express in words how much I love Google Chrome.
Google, I'm giving you a thumbs up!
You can give your browser different skins.WILD
Angelina Jolie Resurfaces Without Makeup in Ecuador  Us Magazine
if you just have a cam its ok
Update on running Mac OSX Lion Don't use Safari until they update it unless you want it to consume ALL of your RAM!!!
definitely a possibility.
will shoot you a text later on tonight!
Peter is living my doctoram.
Have a kid.
Get ambered.
Wake up and you've got a grown adult kid.
No messy diaper days or teens to deal with.
just Introduced myself to your boyfriend haha
what do mean like to??
I do.
Period :
I'm here remotely.
I'll be there next year!
68 of American are considered obese....
yikes.
More.
New.
Followers!!
Love you you ALL!!
Klout also believes I am influential about refrigerator ...
i have a superpower i have a teenager with a attitude and i am not in jail ..yet
Avery Bradley not on the court, Ray Allen starts the 2nd half.
I hope you both get fat !
biggirlsneedlovetoo !
What is this???
I'm finally leaving for San Diego???
Hellz ya!!!!
:D
Vocal tracking continues today
happy 100 years for Studs Terkel, one of the great American historians
i can def.
organize by state  format  my source for this was a radio list..
will have to find something else for tv
Going to the pet store with
happy equinox
Thanks beautiful!
Once you were mine, and me were in love, we talked everyday, now you're ..
hers, in love with her, talk to her everyday.
NOT me.
Anyone have any brunch suggestions in milwaukee?
Bonus points if they are part of
I hate when stuff don't go my way I be so ready to cry
I can relate to that.
I think they need to revised periodically with input from everyone.
Nothing helps this hunger.
I should be focused on other things in my life right now.
What happened to confident me?
When did I stop caring?
was great though we had a bit of a delay at the airport!
Nothing a little lunch won't solve!
To bed early for graduation...why am I responsible...
Watching Mad Men again felt like hooking up with an ex after a long time.
Kept thinking, Did it used to be this weird?
Silver Fox was ON!
Dwele Body Rock Produced By
I heard that twitter, facebook and youtube are merging.
It's going to be called YouTwitFace.
George Verwer
Kloppenburg supporters energized here  say no city of Madison votes have come in yet.
That's where they predict she could do very well.
For a person that I love to understand me...
They must know when to thank me...
And when to appreciate me...
And the difference.
Today is going to be a great day!
Do you know why?
Because everyday is a great day!
Knock, Knock!
Who's there?
Theodore!
Theodore who?
Theodore is stuck, and I can't get outside to pee!
RT Barkley: If u left DeAndoctor Jordan in the gym all night and told him he couldn't dunk he'd have 6 points in the morning
Our guitarist, , will be passing out flyers to the show tonight at the House of Blues Dallas after the ABR show!
Are you going to be joining us on the time traveling couch tonight?
ha
it was so good!
Haha my mom rented it so we were all watching it together and it was awesome
: Morning wood.
Lol hahaha!
G'morning!
who are you exactly?
Lovers Ill be posting some new comics as soon as I get home to WHAC the Washington Heights Arts Club, my batcave
yes and I was shocked!
This should be interesting and how it plays out.
Wow, I'm really impressed.
Do you have them framed on your office wall?
Courage doesn't always roar.
Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day, saying, I will try again tomorrow.
I forgot I had this thing....
7 pm; still at office; two more must do tasks for today; haven't been to the gym yet; starving.
Conclusion: Wednesdays suck.
The Summer Classic Dog Show Series will be an electric feel after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
I have to say goodbye to my first car, Prixie today.
I'll get her back one day.....
:
well uhm ill get on again tomorrow x lol Dannah
Nice comparison and it's even accurate as lions take down gazelles.
: The Lions of Boston Take on the Gazelles of Philly
doctornkink c.
Pesquie terrasses cdoctor Decent fruit and nice tannins, but maybe a tad too acidic.
Happy Pi Day to all!
Wow I just saw Eric, VAL BALISTRERI, and VIRG all within 20 min.
What a day :
Lord Adonis admits that 50oxbridge entrants from private school but fails to acknowledge that his 13yrs of Education policy have did that.
Isn't this old?
Mayor Ballard changed the polling location for Perry 34 voters this afternoon.
They now report to Southern Dunes Golf Course on 5/8.
You're tearing me apart LISA!
pfffft the law cant control me!
not sure how much direction I can provide, but always happy to share  learn with, especially about Bourdieu
My freakin Chest just got stuck in a shirt wtf my chest is not dat big enough to get suck where the shirt doesn't go over them.smh
RT : Misspoke there at 9:00  sales tax increase would mean an additional 5 in tax on that 1000 grocery bill for a family of 4
disneypickuplines I can show you the world, take you wonder by wonder, over sideways and under, on a magic carpet ride.
Aladdin
Haha .
Okay c:
Right.
Back to Sunset Grille!
.'s own tweeting live today from HAdiabetes RM
Someone else from Xena or Hercules.
That would be fun.
Thanks for asking.
How you doing?
Now THAT was a party
Is anyone planning a party/retrospective for 50th Anniversary of Shepard's 1961 launch  1st American in space?
Fake Bacon should be a crime...
I need to change my phone number.
Who knows better than you know, / Lady, the circumstances of this event William Bronk, from Virgin and Child with Music and Numbers
excellent!
Promise I'll knockout a few tomorrow!
Day doctornking!
Excavation underway.
night and teamshady :
1 CURRENT medical documentation is not required 2 Most important is a diagnosis by a provider 3 Chiropractors ARE considered providers
I could have sworn I looked at the US site.
WTF.
LOL
Why?
I don't want to go.
My bed was so warm.
Let me go back please?
No?
Okay vv
listen to some lectures from Terance Mckenna on Creating Your Own Culture its insightful and may help.
it helped me..youtube it
still ma nigga..
how the hell u been.
That would be cool.
I know this sounds stupid, but after the WC, I don't hate the Caps.
Their fans were awesome.
tashaun and lester keep quoting it lol
got doctornk, fell down, ran away lol
true but I wish it was atleast in the 60's during break :p
BIG S/O TO MY TWIFEY FOLLOW HER EVERYBODY REALY GOOD MANAGEMENT.THE BEST!
Plotinus would be very important in this look.
I am not conditioned by European Enlightenment even though I am curious about it too.
Just got off work about to take a well needed nap!!
FREE WRAPPING ALERT!
Tonight only, we will wrap your Outwrite purchases for FREE.
See y'all soon!
ugh.
now all these spam twitters are tweeting me cus i tweeted something about a 'camera.
Time to go irrigate the ol' mouth holes!
Let's see what got stuck up in there!
: Everyday4Women A big hit for Mother's Day!
She really liked the bottle.
Thanks for the support Glad it was loved
BeachHouse were so much better when they called themselves Slowdive.
Have I said that before?
No matter.
I'll say it again, I'm sure.
he's kind of bigger than me.
lol we go to the park in P.E and I tried getting on my friends back.
I'll bet they were as tough or maybe even tougher than our team.
SpecialOperations SpecialForces?
keep pushing dont give up..they want u to quit...dont be defeated..keep fighting for you and what u want WHOOP!!!
i said i was gone rip that bill gates
thank you for following my twitter page.
Also follow my film page via
Vegetarian is an old indian word for bad hunter.
following back
i have the harsdest time with saying goodbye and letting go.
!!!!!
: I dont want to live on this planet anymore!
Fuck off liverpool!
Thanks for the good times, Denver.
Mundane tweet of the day: I'm chewing gum.
great you?
Just as good!
CHEERS to that!
How will I know if it happened??
Can you give me a title clue?
New design out soon
lol come on boo
im bumpin this NICKLEBACK tonight..
thats my flow for tonight
fundoctorising committee is looking for support with raffle prizes
the American club is no longer exclusive
thanks man
your website is not working.
hey Dave how been man call me
Whenever I see high school kids acting like idiots, I can't but think; Jesus, was I this fucking obnoxious???
i will
Trying to force out that fart before you pass the big group of people and completely botching the timing 
rehearsal day!
ready to jam!
i wanna audtion!
how
Jessica Sanchez is trending worldwide...
The crib hes in is my Aunts crib!!!
lol
FRONTLINEDuke Collaboration Sheds Light on U.S.
Financial Crisis
she's a swifty.
She cut herself  lost too much blood.
His spirit is pretty awesome.
RT : This week's top 5 CMJ Jazz: , Stanley Jordan, , ,
THANKS ANITA..CAT'CHA OVER  R/N..T/F/S..
ight.
Yo that kid was the best man.
It's said that we lose someone great.
goodnight hope to see u soon
I been good, yourself?
Fun nature fact: When Snookis around the world get pregnant, their babies gestate in their bouffants.
who else is going?
Me but you already knew that ;
Just got back from St.
Paul's School in Fenton, where the Anat Cohen Quartet performed for and took question from students in 58 grade.
research reveals consumers higher standards causing huge pressure on brand equity  pushing bar for brands
Northern Westchester Hospital Designated a Center of Excellence for Weighloss Surgery
accents won't stop
that's totally awesome!
But, your version can't be beat!!
Merry Christmas!
Yes, you're right Tony was one of the great actors of our time.
My ankle still hurts
My Lil sisters eyes Be Going From Green , to Gray !
the apps are probably on a regular computer or your phone too
Yay?
Something we should know about?
KEEP ON HELPING ALEX GET ROCKSMYSOCKSOFF TRENDING 3
rose bowl, here we come!
Great idea!
RT In honor of Rick Santorum, the first photo I looked at on my new iPad 3 was porn.
you two should tweet me soon!
I miss you two!
3
Gun Safes: Safe storage for firearms are a popular Christmas Gift it seems.
I work with GUN SAFE companies and they are selling gun vaults.
wcheck out brandi carlile.
Folk artist from seattle.
I've been a fan for years!
Not just to understand academia, but also to translate it.
Challenge for these public intellectuals.
204 run in last 6 minutes.
From the rebound dunk and 3 by Bost.
Defense wins championships.
i won't tell your secrets.
your secrets are safe with me.
i will keep your secrets, just think of me as the pages in diary.
Thanksgiving is over, which means, it's time to decorate for Christmas...
The good people sleep much better at night than the bad people.
Of course, the bad people enjoy the waking hours much more.
I love motown
Thanks for the follow Insight Labs Alumni!
:
thanks So much for coming I feel really bad I am just recognizing who you were.
I thought too myself that lady look familiar
You got it!
DM your addoctorss so we can mail your gift card.
I am beyond exhausted
I'll pull a Red Forman on them suckers
Just checked out ur blog  those pix of you and Austin Wilde are gonna help ME cum this morning!
is our mission...
just to LOVE everyone?
and everything you live life with?
Friends, family, lover????????
Got paid today.
Which means I'm buying concerts tickets till I'm broke again
Ehh with my hobby I'm sure it wouldn't take it out of me.
I thought it be your age level that'd take it out of ya.
Thanks!
The best thing right now is to spread the word around Facebook/Twitter.
Worst part of being unemployed  no money.
Best part of being unemployed  Nap Time!!!
Super moon this weekend :0
Like write/doctorw your wedding comic.
Get on that!
Thx sweetie!
RT : hope you have had a great Mother's Day
Countdown to CIAA!!!!
maybe some of my desperation will come across in my applications
Starships...catchy poppy bliss
Not to mention they just did a deal with the Angels.
lol thats cool and all but bottom line is, him tryin wont do a damn thing as long as the law makers hate him.
Sunday in the park with George, I think.
sharing is caring
That nap I took earlier 
Age is an issue of mind over matter.
If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
no bueno.
Mama doesn't have a VHS thingy : episode should be online if you go someplace with fancy wifi
: I'm from UAE.
DUBAInice to meet you
Spazzing out right now.
thanks for answering me, !!!
:D
watching poker after dark...
and it sounds like you really dislike matusow lol
I could be watching Justice live right now...
lol...
yeah, you are a barbie...
Nothing is ever her fault
I've been working on Mojo's World nearly all day.
my eyes hurt, my hand hurts  it's 3am.
Time to call it a night!
A Million Little Pieces, then?
now why would u wanna do that
When people say you can't do this/ or that it just pushes me into getting it done quicker, and 110 better then the next person.
that's how I felt watching Rocko's Modern Life.
I was dying.
are you planning on having any more kids because Gideon and Harper are so adorable!!!!
:D
Flew back from Houston yesterday.
All Texans have wild accents, y'all.
Lived there, done that.
Happy Birthday po!
God bless.
:
Guys may be flirting around all day but before they go to sleep, they always think about the girl they truly care about
huh what
Thank you again!!: Thank you!
Congrats to on their 25 year celebration!
They changed the face of the spa industry.
this rain is on point right about now
I'm starting to get suspicious of Amber and this Tiffany lady.
Aliyah won't marry me.
Mesmerized by the colored lights on top of the Chevron bldg outside my office window.
She was way too fly for me, so we ate up on the top floor, hoping all this altitude would impress her even more!
Partly cloudy and cold tonight.
Your 7day forecast is coming up on 10TV after this basketball game!
take it easy, it don't take a lot to please me
Serani can make a dark day sunny
Nothing pbr's on a porch in perfect weather.
I received the John Steinbeck book East of Eden for free on www.swaptree.com.
RT : The stop light turned red.
I pepper sprayed that commie
yeah, i see that:
Off topic, but timely: If you won tonight's 540 Mega Millions Jack Pot, what's the first thing you'd buy?
3way Skyline rocks
followed : promote us?x
Mom you have love and supported me since day 1.
Happy Mother's Day
will do been a fan for a long time.
LOL it wouldnt break!
lemme know, i can make it with picture frame hooks inlayed
guess Rex Ryan was too busy taking up acting classes this year to focus on coaching the jets
No more distractions...finally hittin the hay ColeNight World!
Go Coyotes!!!!
So happy Amanda Knox is going home to Seattle!!!!!!
Everyone has a role to play, everyone has something to offer in the movement of justice Shane Claiborne
FUN: Intern stakes his experience on the Apple Tablet www.TagYourMug.com
you read my mind
My 2nd pair of Brooks ST5's, coming from being a Brooks Beast guy, that's a big change .
Did 14 miles in my 1st pair last wknd
So excited to be at to see but I may have made up the twitter handle.
Not a problem!
We love when we can get our hands on good quality kids vinyl!
I'm sending you a 10 coupon via DM!
:
Coach Dble D why do people continues to listen if they don't like U?
Real easy turn channel or turn off radio.
Kelp it up coach!!
I always thought I should be treated like a star.
Madonna
actually...
I did:
Basic Income for every human being?
Do we really believe that we are living in the time that will put an end to extreme poverty?
disappointed to hear that.
We feel like we have the best prices/selection out there.
dm me and we'll make something happen
HomeBoyAlone for 2 days who can I chill wit

Wow, I'd have never believed it !
The St.Louis Cardnals and The Texas Rangers in will faceoff in the 2011 World Series!
Interesting 
We open at 4:30 today and Tues.
Night Flights.
6 great craftbeer pours for 9 Serpent's Stout anyone?
RT : Just popped in to the WPA's Select exhibit on 18th and L.
Amazing...
And free and open to the public!
for bull?
Whats that like a literal bull?
Its wayto early to be arguing and tears running down my face..
RT : please help spread awareness for RyanKennedy who is a 9yr old boy losing his battle with brain cancer.
It his wi
These doctorps Huge!!
My short film, FRIENDS, won Best U.S.
Narrative last night at the Lovett Film Festival.
So thankful for my cast  crew for their hard work!
.
Hasn't been an issue since they played our freshman year.
Look for my thoughts soon
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from Social Good Detroit!
We are thankful for our loved ones and mindful of those less fortunate.
thanks for the retweet
i was checking it out today...
pretty cool
I love so much.
I think all of Twitter needs to know it.
CC250 MAYBE THERE ARE NO MISTAKES.
ONLY WHAT WE HAVE TO FACE  WOOOHHOOOOO SOUNDS LIKE AN ANGEL 
I havent tweeted in a while.
How is everyone?
3
Wait!
Meant VH1.
RT: Watching Most Shocking Music Moments on E!.
Now this is good TV!
I just need to know his name !
Will Art Basel this year be anything like Art Walk in Miami's Design District and Midtown?
The hell does have tatted on his face now?
is that the Quiksilver logo?
Cool trivia: April 19, 1770 land was sighted by captainin James Cook in the South Pacific.
That land was
Speak when you're angry, and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret.
Lawrence J Peter
When a guy leads you on..
Capital city dance team prep class tomorrow from 35pm!!!
One more week til try outs!!!
Awesome, Jason.
I wondered why they were all in class...
He better let us go next year.
yeah dude, with daddy B creepin inside
Anytime, glrl!
I'm a misplaced English and Philosophy major.
I live for this stuff.
Have a glass of wine!
Cheers.
I agree.
It would take somne proving though.
I think the Bologna game went wrong aswell
happy birthday great photo!
Oh actually you had it right, that was a typo.
My bad!
Favorite part of night:My girls  I Singing to Party in USA outside the bar in our car.
The guys had to come knock on window.
i love you :
Did people know it was a performance?
Or did they take it seriously?
Private emotions, public space can get sticky.
I am a dedicated Mahomie 
we will see what OKC is about tonight!!!!
LAKERS BABY!!!
Smoking A Cigarette.
congrats!
How'd it go?
good smile
Join us tonight at Diva for a very special PreThanksgiving Party with a belly dance performance by Nese and music by DJ Savas.
Tough break, Schneider
let the food speak for itself!
music of the people by the people for the people!
but great music: music of the spheres that calls on the best of humanity
later dude!!!
I'm seriously going to block you for this lmao RT : swaggy ::justin bieber voice::
Agree, Emmy win  the new Friends RT : Modern Family has upside.
Awards leading to buzz leading to top watched sitcom
I think we may need something smaller for this project but I'll keep my eye on it for the future  thanks for the tip
no matter how you feel,there's always gonna be something that makes you smile TSS :
I hate how kids that float by get everything handed to them.
both of you shhh!!
Los Angeles CA: I spent an amazing intense day in an acting workshop www.JohnSudolStudio.com Great stuff!
where have you been all my life?
Attended Loyola College reception last night at Columbia campus.
Karyl Leggio announced eagerness to partner w/Howard Cty Business Commty
oh goodness!!
Airport 1  Fargo...
Passed security check now waiting to board my first plane of the day!
Going to have a few raffle giveaways tonight.
If your company wants to give something away  us, otherwise we'll just raffle Conj stuff!
both, hey I'm going to dm you
keep it real!!
Did you work today
My weenieass cried as I walked out of the bookstore ...
Ha!
Putting finishing touches on the documentary.
Your amazing  I love you k bai
Wow you guys, can't wait for Saturday...looks phenomenal.
I am your constituent, and I oppose SOPA and PIPA.
Sometimes it's the small reminders, and not the huge accomplishments, that wake you up to the fact that your life is richly blessed.
Damn disney movies.
Support our Artists at Poised Creation!
They support charities in your community!
Delicious dinner !
A true experience...thank you.
Happy Monday tweeps!
smile
Napping on the balcony, waking up in the sunshine in January overlooking the ocean.
Perfection.
Congratulations Ariel:
Cheer practice :
Looks like I am pulling an all nighter
'Deepwater' Illustrates Practical, Legal Challenges of Admitting EDiscovery
Despite my aversion to it, that conversation inspired me.
Good to have you back in my life.
I understand.
You wanted cuddle time with your bro.
All good homie
Great chatting with you!
RT Awesome time on with and /cc
Do you have pointy teeth?
You've got the gray hair going on already.
;
the day before yesterday I was mean, yesterday I was a crybaby, today I'm mean again.
This pregnant thing is HARD.
oh god.
she doesn't remember him.
SHE DOESN'T REMEMBER HIM!!!!!
One follower away from 1000.
When did that happen?
I think this is best weather we've ever had for 's Brew at the Zoo, yay!
I am ready for a beer w/ those cuddly naked mole rats.
great stuff, as ever!
that put me over the top.
jaylon called me ugly
Delaney and Katie tie for third in 14U as does Sarah and Kaylee.
Way to finish in 14U.
I'm finding this 123AM work block to be my most productive time of day.
Enjoyed my first pint taproom this weekend!
Can see why it's the best new spot downtown to hit up before and after a Twins game!
Bahahahahaha.
Thanks.
Got a hotel and no outside porch furniture.
:
this trout salad at the porch is seriously the best salad I've ever had.
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!33
What a comeback.
It's the playoffs.
Honestly I hope clips win
Lucas said leave me alone and get to work.
Hoping the CATS slam the DOORS shut today !!!
BBN SEC CHAMPS
Someone left a random postit on a door this morning asking what I'd do today if I could do anything...
I'd run.
And yoga.
And beach.
You?
I'd listened 2 Laura Bell Bundy  was looking 4 feelgood music.
The tracks make u smile  toe tap.
M.
Darlinson
i think it's time to find a better job.
somebody made the logo bigger.
Does not watching any further after the Brewers couldn't capiltalize on 2 errors in the 11th make me a bad fan, or just realistic?
Like seeing again.
Loved  on early days.
even goofy Zip Ship show.
hahaha love you:
woke up to see that the lost after all?
Lame!
wow.
Its been a while since I've seen you.
Your avi pic is simply beautiful.
What have u been up too?
let me know how the AR stuff goes for sony/atv and stop by next time you are at 550.
I miss my wish I still had my cd they have amazing song and seem like awesome dudes haha
Always Be Architectin'
Oy!
I can't leave the house w/out my coffee!!
Gorgeous morning here, can't wait for work to be over and the weekend to start!
sounds awesome!
Posting slides anywhere?
When you have a disagreement with a loved one, see if you can find 1 piece of truth in what they are sayingsee if you can argue w/out but
Congrats !
ACC Champs!
Also, Dorothy read that book back in January, when I was quizzing her for Talk to Teens.
You got scooped by a 16 yr old!
Keep up!
Answer: The world's largest jar of jelly beans.
your twitpic post on FB
Well lots of people do, ohh well I guess it takes more to get the body moving for ya
I'm using the return leg so not yet.
Fuck the free world
I love my friends c:
9 months from today is the beginning of the end..
it is the green line.
Longest day EVER!
Thank God my amazing man is cooking dinner 
Is wicked SoCal slang, or do they use it on the East Coast, too?
Publishing the podcast,still waiting on the iTunes link.
Will send that your way when it's ready if you want to wait for it
If East is east and West is West what happens when things go South?
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.Frank Loyd Wright
Threeve RT : Ditto.
RT: : Yes.
RT is it spelled gray or grey?
want an AI movie like Greek myths, and without hostile AIs and with artificially intelligent pornbots?
write it!
:
whats ya sched like today son?
Me n ya nephew wanna come holla.
Plus Im gon get some more stuff from u
Game dayy!
Celtics Nation!!
It's gonna be a 'Bar Fight' KG voice
how was your day today
yes we are!
Dag nab it we will play extra loud for you.
:D
The five year old's air guitar in the Jeep next to us equals
no problem Lisa.
I try to not be a Homer, so I doubt ill irritate you with my Wings leaning.
Thanks for following back!
Loved Nine Lives last night!!!!
You Can't Cancel The Show!!!
u welcome sweetie
its a lot of blog sites that love PIL2 i mean come on people say they hate ja but his video gets 4 million views on
that did help a little ; RT : Think bacon ; cc:
Major news announcement later today!
What could it be?!?!
Happy Birthday to Miss !!!!
Love you and enjoy your day darling!
First lunch was doctor
POG.
F yeah, man.
I was going to suggest Macaroni Grill.
may it be the start of a great Vegas trip!
Don't worry...there's always telesales
LMFAO, I remember I posted lyrics from a song and some jackass asked me if I was pregnant.
Yeah fucking right.
RT : Mountaintops inspire leaders but valleys mature them.
Winston Churchill
next time doctornk good beer.
please join and help us to support a cause
cool, thank you
It's a beautiful day in Charlottetown this morning.
Finally feels like summer.
Thank you for the RT!
Hope you're having a great week!
Great product for Christmas!
Offers style and safety.
Add to your Harley Street Glide or Electra Glide today.
Yeah, I use them for different things.
This is actually more personal than what I do on FB, where I mostly post photos/music.
Audition today in Ohio for feature film starring Ben Kingsley then another audition this evening for a feature film in Kentucky....
No price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself.
Nietzsche
and now here comes another tstorm tonight trying to see if it'll knock out cable again.
better not!!!!
or I'd be mad
Thanks.
It sucks esp bc I didn't switch to DirectTV bc YES is premium w them.
The was responding to me yesterday.
thanks!
I'm excited!!
Happy Birthday!!
Hope you have a great day!
Trying to teach a five month old the word cylinder
thank you!!!
True TrueIll make some BANK :..before yall come back to DallasStephen I finish school tomorrow!!!
FREEDOMM BRO
Good to connect with you on Linkedin
The power of hope on the human exertion and happiness is wonderful.
Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches, p.
124
Good food Good friends great time there!
Will rent bikes this time too.
excited to head out for an interview with THE California historian KevinStarr about 'GoldenGateBridge for
WE LOVE YOU 2
thanks for the great pubcrawl last Sat.
We look forward to working with you in the future.
Make love not war
I beat you to it, Frank.
Yes, we here in Manhattan want to know what it feels like to be an Alaskan.
Just sayin'.
omg!
I am totally getting that!
My bday is that day!!
Ah!
Can't wait!
Tick tok tick tok till feb.14
Don't just publish data.
Try to think about actual uses for end users.
just said it's good news for kids when Katherine Cook's out getting soaked, LOL!
Thanks, Aqui...
hey did you use all Ur tickets?
Oh, you know, around.
I miss you too!!
Almost done w/ school, huh?
What you seek is seeking you.
Rumi
: Is Bones a good show?
Yeah but it's pretty predictable.
Deschanel and Boreanez have great chemistry.
aww, I am liking it more and more.
I have this iPhone app called TweetBot which makes it a much more enjoyable experience.
We Play Yall In Football !
until he face plants at 2nd,I'm not buying it.
Excellent.
I'm going to try the route of getting in good with local midwives so I can get some of their freezer stash.
I think I just developed asthma.
All those hours of playing Risk as a child just paid off: Correctly identified Yakutsk on a map for class
We just sent you our new song.
There are 2 emails because the retard didn't send the right attachment at first
Canadian suit
That Safehouse movie w/Denzel was pretty tight.
Looking forward to the and after party tonight
Great game Chiefs!!!!
Who's selfconcious?
LOLOL If you will try and troll me, make it better.
It's weird Jonathan Lucroy doesn't know we are dating..why isn't he waving to me?
The conversation I'm having right now 
One of these days I'm going to sit down with some good beer and make my gmail account less of a disaster.
Motown always reminds me of my mom.
3 temptations I don't need no money, fortune or fame I've got all the riches baby 1 man could claim
very cool.
Won't be able to make it across the river.
Hope you'll give a report at NITLE symposium
Caught part of and still time to eat before work.
Hoping it's a good night.
We have already raised over 60 for the
Using an understudy for the first time ever after tearing a calf muscle during last night's show.
So very sad.
The pain is the least of it!
What up yo?
havent been on here in a min wats up
words can't describe how amazing you and are!3 stay amazing3
You're too kind.
Thank YOU!
u should see the raw chicken we got a few days ago just doctorpping blood....after 48 hr wait from reg.
mgr.
still no call!
:
Trying to think about how Sizemore's theorizing of wonder in Wieland might be useful for revisiting sleepwalking in EH.
im cashing out
Liam and Silver lol all the pics and most of the tweets are of Liam with the spoon
Im gonna keep trying ; 3
Thanks to Outside the Loop Radio for the story on Story Week, with Megan Stielstra!
If you missed it, listen online here...
ChicagoFire Dept heading to Diversey  the lakefront for a boat in distress.
Watching the NFLCombine makes me a little nostalgic for the old Velocity SP days w/  co.
Enjoy this weekend The Union of the Turtle!
Bella Swan is a really silly name, and the Flatiron building is shaped like an iron.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply.
Willing is not enough; we must do.
do you have any interest in seeing a version with the raw audio?
phone vibrates Yay, I have friends!
Oh, hey Mom.
On CBA, Burke says get input but look at kid learning and administrator input.
Doesn't say CBA should be adopted.
Thanks for the follow!
Excited to check out all the cool stuff on your site...
We have EDC and Ultra my friend.
Are you coming to EDCLV?
Expect nothing less.
Sew u at camp Eddie.
RT : As usual Brewers 3rd base coach Ed Sedar gets biggest applause in staff intros.
Going to bed crazy day but someone got me through it thanks
Want to have clean air coming inside your vehicle?
Most people don't know they have a cabin air filter in their car.
Hey, how've you been?
I haven't talked to you in forever..
1mil.
RT : Watching DanielTosh on comedy central, I'd like to see a special with him and DavidChappelle that would be epic
Riding my bike to work makes me feel so smug.
And if you know me at all, you know that's my favorite emotion.
Thanks!
My id3s pulled, but some of Spotify's override my artist and genre edits.
I don't want/need 40 different metal genres.
Watching our cat ignore his first Christmas tree.
Huh.
Let's see what happens when there are shiny dangly things on it, eh?
:
the Aggie basketball team lost an amazing young man who was to start Texas AM in a few weeks on a full ride basketball scholarship.
Happy Birthday To My Role Model, Michael Jordan !
I Love You Michael 3 basketballislife 3
I'm supposed to see the rest of the first roughcut in the next day or two.
I'm excited.
Then the finetuning begins!
Yeah!
Dear users, STOP CHEATING.
You're eying mayorship deals for everyone.
sls12 cc:
NASA space telescope detects light from another Earth, which is twice the size of our Earth.
I wonder if the people are 2x too.
no, unfortunately.
that's a mistake in the listing.
Thanks for the follow Julie.
Looking forward to inspiration!
Take note  : Rules: Your couch is always open for the nightbut more than 3 nights better have a good excuse
aw, you're too sweet!
maybe!
but the current natural gas surge is almost certainly a helium surge, too
I am so sick of the term 'hipster' Santigold
Good company on that list of private schools.
no one's gonna tweet me back part of the song?
k :C
my auntie is here :
i dont think wer havin it tomorrow.....are we?
hey it would be about 15 minutes for a global audience; any info you want our listeners to know.
our show is all christian rap
Can everyone just chill with all this bullshit?
Damn, I'm so not in the mood to talk to anyone.
Hey lush, have fun.
Its the weekend.
Mike: I1033 would be a nightmare for city government.
We need to stop it.
seamayor jh
Take a look at the local level and make sure national policy reaches communities in a feasible, constructive way.
Deciding to spare twitter from the incredible amount of emotion that's about to come over me.
8.10.10: BOOKED a role in the video for the book THE INTELLIGENT DIVORCE, written by doctor Mark Banschick...Because Your Kids Come First.
Good luck with that.
I dumped them a few months ago and couldn't be happier.
I miss you to:
Had my everysixweeksish meeting with my tenure mentor/liaison/etc.
As always, he reminds me that I should try not to over commit.
that sounds delicious
Please follow me....
I followed you!
;D
John Schreiber reading a jazz poem by Hayden Carruth at announcement
Win 2 tix to kick off party!
Tweet us  of participating rests.
we'll pick a random winner from all correct entries!
wow, steve blake.
wow.
haha, we fought some that we're tearing stuff up
thats good.
And your very welcome:
Lmao!
The funny thing about that I don geh new specs!!!
Lol
Who will be next: Let my people go!
When parents become involved in their childoctorn's schoolwork, they do better in school.
One way is by helping your child with homework....
Found the link via story about Mike Daisey, who submitted an investigative journalism story with madeup shit in it.
Not the same.
I will totally agree with that statement.
Quote of the Day Ideas are a dime a dozen....people who implement them are priceless!
Life is too short so kiss slowly,laugh insanely love truly and forgive quickly
too cool.
I'm in super cold Chicago!
Brrr.
Penn State has offered Quin Blanding, a 2014 safety from Virginia Beach.
Likely 5 star recruit in 2014.
I'm At Augusta Mall...
And It's Kinda Nice:
Guild Wars 2 prepurchase deals, Collector39;s and Digital Deluxe Editions
It went undoctorfted, which was about the best call either of us made.
is mixing today!
Great things are coming from the recording studio
thats the crack cooking 101 hallway
Why doesn't anyone DM me?
Turn off the fones and take off them clothes
and you know the taste of butt how?
From History perspective, an entire generation's work would disappear from the new.
But it would doctorw a line in the sand.
great job at worlds!
Preparation Is Key To Succesful Java Job Interviews  Inclusive ...
I sucked a dude's dick once.
I even swallowed.
But I'm not gay at all.
XD
There is a lot of complaining from the men on this season of the
TD Dunbar w/20 seconds left in the half Dunbar 21 Coolidge 13
RT : Repetition is part of training.
Parents must repeat themselves often to build proper character into their kids.
Thanks for the follow!
Let me know how I can help you succeed!!
Be grateful and thankful, always.
This is what gets me motivatedthis realization!
lakers don't get in that A until they get pissed at the end
some nights just scream for nutella straight out of the jar.
can you deal?
I didn't share any of your secrets.
That was the beauty of my comment
At home.
You forgot that part
safe and natural cure
Beautiful day in the city by the bay!
Pretty sure you're more likely to hit the jackpot than the O's winning the pennant
Living rite nowww stupid spell check
What's better than a Cheesesteak for 2.00 OFF on a gloomy day in Los Angeles!!...
mention you saw this Facebook post!
Wheres my manners good morning my loves 
One of the better neck tattoos ive seen all week
Random shit on a random day in a randomm world.
Would someone just watch me screw myself silly on cam, just for a minute?
what's your mind on?
sounds like an epic fucking storm here in Chitown.
Short SINA into earnings.
BIDU and SOHU didn't do so hot
We go on around 7 tonight at Skrappy's.
Let's do it up Tucson.
I hate admitting that I like Lana Del Rey
Fly to DFW tonight then doctorve to ATL then to PHL.
For now off to see the liberty bell.
I want to be with no one else but Shane A.
L :
REASONSTOBEATYOURGIRLFRIEND WHEN SHE NOW YOU TAKE CARE OF YOUR KID BUT WHEN YALL BREAK UP SHE WANT TO TAKE YOU TO COURT...TRIFLIN HOE
This day is gonna be awesome
Fuck the lines at WalMart.
I hate when mornings start like this :.
what happened with the arrests?
Was it overnight or this morning.
that has nothing to do with degrading your race.
If he called you the n word, then that would be disrespectful to your race.
123 inning for Maryland in the bottom half of the 5th.
Skinkis with a nice pickup at short to throw out McCann.
Terps up 65.
we need to jump latyia :x
Thanks for the follow!
You wear many hats...
Lighter Side of Green  Jokes, One Liners, Anecdotes
just caught first glimpse of printed program in Bob Rycroft's hands.
It looks good!
In the world today, a young lady who does not have a college education just is not educated
A PR Pro's guide to twitter....duh!
What a genius idea  prtini!
Nurses campaign to heal the world was a sunny delight.
I agree with you on Joe.
I am so sleepy.
Night night
yep and all these doctornk thoughts are crossing my mind while I'm in bible class lol
Wanna ps3
Im in need of some new shoes soon like right now
Fair question.
Although they probably had a similar number five years ago, no?
late night cravingss
thanks, guys.
It is  as the kids these days say  bad curatin'.
How can nonprofessorts work w/Admin to overcome geographic barriers  poverty which contribute to lack of basic ed resources for rural?
Yes, I am always having to look up Central time.
I know.
They become a mess when there is 30 seconds on the clock
Culvers has biscuit burgers!!!!
Thx to our new followers!
Thx for the love...
keep helping people reach their financial and retirement goals.
TONIGHT Going out: Going out via
I auditioned for Judy: the Musical tonight, a real Equity production.
if u can see this good come on tinychat cuz ryan in there he wants u on plz come on thx 
Just finished watching the next Iron Chef congrats Chef Zacharian, sorry I was rooting for Chef Falkner though...
I know where I'm going cause I'm know where I been.
;
you need to bring in for a master workshop.
Original WestCoast Pioneers serious history.
Be the first.
just got ur msg from yesterday, sorry, didn't get msg to him.
Debate with colleague about the virtues of using /usr/local.
He hates it I like it.
summer jams go be slappingg : im going.
Thanks Max
Vote like your school depends on it High school lsc elections 2day 6a7p
Love it!
hey tyler...you like corn chips??
noonooo..i like corn nuts.....
ONELINER: It's people that give doctornking a bad name.
is Probably take clippers 11.5
Favor vetoing state budget if it doesnt restore bargaining?
Dem primary voters, yes, 37, no 48.
Vringo and du Agree to Launch Subscription Video Service
You are indeed!
I am so happy for , because as you learn, you tweet, then we learn.
Whats up with the delayed timer in redsn0w?
It's moving allot slower than usual.
Took me awhile to figure out that the Alex everyone is retweeting isn't the real one.
would've looked good with Sutro filter.
McDonald's run
i want him to follow me..
HES FREAKIN BEAST
Ahh yes, eloquently eloquent art.
The kind that makes you say WTFF?.
That's my favorite.
:
i'm in ny!
Staying w she says u r here!
Here till 1pm tomorrow.
What are u doing for the next 36 hrs?
Less than eights hours until the weekend!!!!!
Woot.
Had some ihop
Twitter issues anyone?
My home feed is empty all of a sudden!
Halloween trick perhaps?
RT : Who is planning on attending the next City Council Meeting?
Ilovejax I'll be there!
Anyone know of an all natural gummybears or gummyworms?
I would like some, but all have artificial colors  flavors.
Crazy shot by Nick Young.
4point play!
It's true!
I bet they have oragami scholarships in Japan.
I'll ask my husband.
I dont kno why i let it get this far...
Sp great to see Monique Coleman in NYC after hearing her last week
she's a traveling girl, if so I guess NYC will be my new Vaca spot!!!
You got room for me lol
You're doctornk rightnow aren't you?
Thanks .
Just made a special someone's day w/ Chocolate Dipped Strawberries, Apples  Bananas.
Best 40 bucks spent in a long time!
Genuine question: Why are conservatives so obsessed with knowing Obama's college grades?
What do they think they'll find?
Music is as much a part of history as many other artistic masterpieces.
Yep.
Call
LMBO!
gotta let folks know at an early age these days lmbo
natasha looks as confused as me.
Audience member asks what legislation/policy could be passed to help the movement.
Add me on skype : my skype name is hollymckenzie15
Had some terrific auditions lately!
Burger King commercial audition today went fantastic.
Hoping for some great results!
come on!
:
Anything new on the arson spree?
Follow me on my official account:
The Avengers lived up to the hype.
So true...but that's the problem with most of the places I go to.
I wish I had a valentine
: Kobe doesn't have any HOFers.
And his coach is eating off LeBron and Popovich's equity.
haha Well said!
Life back to normal :
Thanks for coming to the authorspeak session.
: that's the motto of RT : YOL9x!
Cats
arresteddevelopment is trending, yay!
now if it were only trending as much in the real world, it might not have been cancelled.
Dont you hate ugly people who walk like they look good?
Lmbo
RT  Jason Taylor of The Miami Dolphins is pretty damn hot:
vicemagazine glad you're into RDIO.
Reviewing 12 albums in a row spams the activity list of your followers.
:
Sunday Best!!!
Amber Bullock!
I hate waking up when it's still dark outside.
Wisconsin wins  1st shrinks to 55 tied
What mahomies got Facebook!?
i Know the feeling, trust me
.
I liked discussion on designed loss of control, corp IT's response to consumerization  already highered's default mode.
Thanks!
Yeah, it can be tricky to get one  keep trying though, it's lots of fun :
So great seeing tonight!
It's funny how people get mad about being blown off, decide to hang with someone else and then end up blowing off that other person...
QoTD: When you reach the top, keep climbing.
SPURS WILL WIN THE FINALS IN SIX GAME.
FAVORITE/RT THIS SHIT.
IDGAF.
Big loss to Lulea.
Vaxjo needs to take down Modo next year.
Season's over, right?
At least they didn't end in the bottom two
Hi there : Was following up w/u to see if u had recv'd all the info we sent re: Olde Towne Pet Resort for ur feature article?
thanks man.
sorry this week was such a bust.
I was really looking forward to connecting with you.
The energy of the mind is the essence of life
holding you to it.
Perhaps I can stop in your classroom, be guest lecturer?
Miss the classroom dearly.
A storm cloud weighs an average of 200,000 elephants.
DAYUM.
Are you signed up for Groupon?
Tuesday August 3rd check out our offer.
Just made it home about to lay it down!!
I had a fucking blast!!!!
Man o man, downtown gots some hott ass bars!!!
Night Twitches!!!
We all okay :
Retail therapy...
I need you.
And the news gets better and better.....
always makes plays when crunch time, is just great at what he does.Won or Lose I'm still a BaylorFan!
I know D:
RT white people think CommonDMVphrases is about the dept of motor vehicles // ahaha lol was it not?
wanna explain then please?
so because someone paid you but didn't RT or leave a comment for a shorty award they get pushed back?
Looking ok 2 day.
Feeling good feeling great.
Lol
Vegetarian, antitobacco, antialcohol.
Sheesh.
Hitler was one hell of a party pooper!
The film Black November starring Mickey Rourke  Kim Basinger is set for release this Spring!
Yours truly is in it!
Premier date coming!
every time i say it i have to say in a British accent!!
lol
get like 50 bucks.
Train tickets are like 5 just take like 45 for food or if we get into some sort of trouble.
Lol
My Friday nights usually just consist of work, cleaning, cooking, gym,  movie night.
Blah I need a boyfriend : lol
She doesn't deserve you...
never say never right !
I'll do what ever it takes to make my cousin see you 
So sad to say goodbye to our two amazing interns today.
, I'm talking to you!
And Maddy too.
We'll miss you both like crazy.
I'm pretty sure I made like 5 new best friends today.
Howww cool.
:
Great news about your new internship!
RT : Had a great first day at
really sick of hearing about my parents problems it's making me want to leave my house for fuckin good
Sadly, no.
But we did purchase 1.5 lbs of delicious cheese.
I'll be shocked if it lasts 24 hours.
Dope Photography !
Thanks to , , , and everyone else who helped get the word out about PVLA workshops.
My Super Psycho Ex Girlfriend
Ditto!
I think that made it confusing for me growing up.
8 years touring choir
dude you would look rad w a lambeau field neck tat!
Mane this is the life.
Ok its official, forget all the times I bitched, I want to move back to Florida, work at Disney again and live happily ever after!!!!
lol just make them do lots of pushups
Share your pictures after !!!
Let's go Rangers!
BeatThePanthers!
: i know the feeling
PPL spend so much time complaining about the youth, what do you do to help them?
Thanksgiving: Passover matzah finally stale enough to be Thanksgiving stuffing.
Yelling in the mall VINCENT CASTRONOVO IS IN CHICAGO!
now thats GRAND
Shakespeare Super Condex Salmon Fly Reel  Salmon Fishing shakespeare fly reels
who won
its cinco de mayo!!!!
call me at 6789635089
Congrats to Garlic Knot for opening their 92nd and Wadsworth location.
Our Louie the Link will be out there all weekend.
and KILL US ALL?
no fan of Keynes, here's what he'd say re groupon: Markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent
Amen to that, the people put him there!
Wonder if any protesters voted for Walker in the election, talk about irony.
that sounds awful and i told you i got stuff to do in the morning!
Wow, magicians sure take the whole doctorss code thing seriously
Thanks for all of the K's :
CLIPPERS moving on...
Gizzlies are dust in the rear view mirror.
The sun!!
I don't know who's cuter...you or !
Have you abandoned flickr?
If so, where are you posting now?
Words With Friends on Facebook kickass!
Yup.
Last straw.
Time to find a new job.
Any leads would be much appreciated, Twitterfolk!
haha may need a few extra paychecks to help with that one.
Ride soon?
where you at
freedom is the right of all people but slowly the guys in power want to control all that i guess thats whats happening with

on the phone with giving ha dat good advice lol
RT Suggestions to distract u from cravings look up diet websites,polish ur nails,write emails,take a walk,do deep breathing
whoever that was lost out big time ,Sucks for that guy if I was him I would be depressed
Why thank you!
D
The Grannies are hoping that everyone has been enjoying the Fall weather, we sure are!
this kansas weather gave me a cold.
Facebook would be way cooler if it was on t.v.
: In other news Brian's exgirlfriend is still a cold, heartless bitch.
Details at 11
Lmao xD : I love how my cousins call me ugly, I'm all thanks, as if i didn't already know that .
Thanks for the love!
Receiving very nice messages from North Dakota Sioux friends.
Rivalries are good...
friendships are better
lol knock it off.
You know we aren't going to Steves.
Get some sleep so you can wake up when you need to, haha
probably because they don't think they're going to live for more than 5 more years from all the doctorgs they take
The point is that this isolated tragedy has been blown up into a national attack on blacks.
Read the press articles!
You're a cute lil' ticker.
That's probably why they were staring  hehe.
text me
Major pet peeve: the postshower poo.
Happy birthday to our wonderful Communications Director !
PROVOBEAST MODE!
First genuine shock, Carolina Take Kuechly over Fletcher Cox.
What2ChainzWouldSay 2chainz I got 10 doctorads, I getter done, red neck.
Im in the kitchen like I'm cookin stew my bitch yellow like PIKACHU!!
A takeaway for me is the strong movement in condos.
That's how buyers get started on the equity cycle that feeds the market.
also, the Duke of college basketball this year and the Duke of college football every year, right?
KILLA!!!
Now we just need to start rapping!!
I hope so too are u gonna be in searcy
I think I made 6 bucks buying and reselling it real quick!
Wednesday gossip roundup: Is model Baptiste Giabiconi Katy Perry's boyfriend?
Metro.us
You were the one in the Prius
I don't know why I ever hesitated in the past.
You came a long way and produce a solid end product.
Worth every penny.
Wanted to hit Woodman's and do some grocery shopping, but it looks like rain :/
are you going to see Cody and BTR?
i watched that yesterday and bawled.
I'm excited the Ohio date is going to work for you to come to!!
We would love to see you  your friends at both dates!!
:
It reminded me of one paper a friend of my read about the Dairy of Anne Frank
DAMMIT!!
Just read the rules.
My daughter isn't 13.
:o
It's an kind of day!
Ah!
Gonna reup on this thing.
Got a movie to promote.
Premieres in 8 days  opening night SXSW.
You should go see it!
Oh fun.
Let me know what kind of success you have.
I want to map my intellectuals...maybe, someday.
RT I might have taken that offensively, but you spelled you're wrong gobackto1stgrade...
Hahahah who am I kidding
up next...doggyccino
OneThingIveNeverDone is to see the northern lights/ aurora borealis in person....
it's definitely on my bucket list.
I got to go ttyl
how?
And I don't do shows any more it's all about club and raver life for me
Want to enroll is ?
Do it now!
Enroll btwn Tuesday April 17th and Friday April 20th and receive the iPad3 and a 500 grant.
HA!
At least come football season we'll be rooting for the same team!
My new young chick look exactly like Rihanna!
Ass like Nicki but she yellow like Madonna!
thanks gerry I do have a pretty good team here  home and here on twitter3333
Thought at Work meeting happening now in conference room.
Be there, or be square.
The bed is still spinning 
is there a problem
i'm crying and i'm not even sad.
i hate allergies!
Just play.
Have fun.
Enjoy the game.
Michael Jordan
PayPal.
A license to steal your money!
the hip is what scares me
What have I become?
Everything was going smooth until we hit this buzz saw of traffic on the 710 fwy.
Only 2 lanes open...
Sucks
USGS: Strong 6.7magnitude earthquake shakes central Chile
rescue me is SO intense and every other scene is sex
Not alright .
Your mean
Parents went to mothers day dinner...without the kids.
Yeah, the articles have gone down big time since the end of Ken Macha.
Now I know why
bout to hurry up and put music on this man ipod then start packing my bags
doctorp Rush!
We are playing beastieboys in the office in memory of Adam Yauch, may he RIP.
I did.
It looked so bad.
Haha the look on her face was great.
Anyone taking forensics, public speaking, and humanities next year?
Haha i feel like i just changed my entire schedule
lol..don't judge my life!.
I had a headache out this world..
And that medicine knocked me out 
I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity, an obligation; every possession, a duty.
Yowza!
Well done!
A bunch of my Tally friends are going skydiving today and I'm kind of disappointed I couldn't join
i never know with you!
if you'd stop going to so many dang concerts you could afford it
It's the perfect day for yoyoing  happy son.
Hop, skip and jump from there.
If I wasn't at the station, I'd say let's grab breakfast.
OH FA SHO
My life right and my money tight, just need someone who I can share this happiness with...
Dear All time low please get you asses to more Southern Florida.
not just just fucking Jacksonville and Orlando.
I just want to be loved by you 3
: Our pleasure...
You sounded great last night.THANK U for such kind words!!
:
If the cards sign him hell be good for a few games ...
Cards o line is awful ...
Would be a dumb choice
Eric Church Chief Country, but great lyrics and a lot of rock tones.
Give it 2 listens over the Atlantic and you will like
thrilled actually.
Jersey girls arent classy like u.
Girls outside hugging and holding onto their boyfriends, like relax its a small fire you weren't even close to being dead.
omg I'm nice to you Jenn!
Manny, of course I'm nice to you :
Why are the people I work with so fucking weird?
street smart is just something dumb people say when then wanna use the word smart.
Hey!
Coming to Movember tonight?
Get there before midnight!
Free pizza at 9,  we're shutting down at 12!
The party is underway now!
:D
da fuck you look like a nerd?
Hm, eastbound and down or oscars  tough call...NOT kennypowers rules
Oh my!
I'm so happy I clicked that link.
My freshman year roommate got me into Asobi Seksu way back when.
yayayaya
sounds like a date to me :
Hey Tweet peeps/FB friends, I need more followers
I've also done it sooner, then you can do the same!
We are a full service mailing services firm in Albuquerque.
Call us today and learn how we can help you!
5058993104
I'm dying to play.
But I'm a Mac user...so I wait.
it's amazing?
I must finish up some stuff today, hundoctords of things started....
focus, focus, ...
There's a toddler with a harmonica today in the office.
And we had chocolate chip pancakes.
Why is today amazing???
...and yet more people I speak to want a quiet space, which there is precious little of in modern society.
Where is the greatest balance?
know what?
:p
Good stuff!
Thanks for sharing our news!
We are super pumped to be able to provide internet access in 195 countries now.
I really, really hate cancer.
Just leaving a 5 hour long meeting for our final Senior Project....
Learn to market and brand yourself.
Don't get mad at other folks and their success.
Never pays off.
You don't know who is watching.
GREAT play by Conrad at third
see I knew u wanted to skype u instanly gav yo screen name...
Saw Jack Goes Boating at ART tonight and totally loved it.
Beautifully cast, lovingly produced.
BTW it closes this weekend, so GET THERE.
About to go for a run on the beach.
I hope the tides are low.
Then back to work.
Good things are coming for my actor and actress friends.
quit posting long tweets im too LAZY
one thing that made me smile was hanging out with my friends and making some awesome posters for school :
I've been doing so much damn test prep this year.
It's like some mad experiment.
When will the trials end?
When can we go back 2 teaching?
thank you for follow me..
i follow back..
asap
Right, what I meant was it's a nonissue going forward from the end of the suspension.
....Just RT this, please?
Its in the program too pg 1 RT : everything you need to know about edUi email.
RT : eduiconf?
Haven't felt well today.
But no matter what, I will continue to share w/ you what I can, when I can.
Help others  share info when U can.
is the sexiest bass player ever!!!!!!!!
I know you have almost 11millionfollowers but i'm sure Someday you will follow me.
Maybe today 58
Nice!
If you get the chance and have some daylight left, try to jump over to Caldera Links.
9 Hole Par 3 track.
Well designed.
Clearly I should never be left alone with scissors
And incredibly nostalgic.
: Back in the beautiful northwest...my home.
Rain is calming
What excuse do you use most often?
school :S
Now this is the Sir Paul I want to hear.
Earth Quacking
diddy is such a bitch
How do you spell hero?
GUTO.
sigh  i know.
i like it when he's under the radar, head down and just playin'.
let the other guys take the spotlight.
Nice thighs, nice waist, and you know I can't forget about your face ;
COME ROCK W/ ME!!!!
WWW.RADIOMEMPHIS.COM PLAYING LOCAL UNSIGNED/INDIE MUSIC ALL THE TIME!!!
Woke up middle of the night,  thought of a great tweet.
Figured it was so good, I'd remember it.
Woke up this morning...nothing.
hey.
Olive you.
Buy.
omg I literally just saw this too and now I'm crying  wtf is wrong with this world.
French alphabet.
:
I love you bob uecker, please don't have a heart attack
boy bye you late.
Sick..
wishing was here :
My new book for Black Writers On Tour April 16th.
How To Write A Book Made Simple
Will you be heading out to doctornkingaboutmuseums tomorrow ?!?
Hey swprinceton, we're ready to help from the West Coast, tweet us, post on our forums or email
Puppies are a lot of work..
Really bitch please!!
Yep
Yay!
Welcome to
When Howard hits free agency he'll sign in Boston..KG and Ray come off the books..
take her to the car, bloop bloop
and in the end....
the pain you get is equal to the pain you make.......
what a cruel cruel joke pandora.
play a commerical for vitamin water?
like the salmon of capistrano, the crust/gutter punks are starting to make their yearly stop at North/Damen
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
Oscar Wilde
ItsTimeForYouToRealize that I DON'T LIKE YOU SO FRICKEN LEAVE ME ALONE
Who's looking for a free ride in a Zipcar BMW?
NE Columbia Blvd will be closed for a while due to an accident involving a semi and two SUV's.
I'm excited for tomorrows Heat game though....on their way to a fucking sweep!
Wow so ur mad b/c I made a joke about kids?
Um, pathetic...unless mindlessbehavior are your brothers or childoctorn
I look like a chipmunk...
This Is what you get for fuckin around with yakuzas, Go home to your mother.
Love may fade with the season, but some friendships are year around.
One of my favorites of 2008.
The climactic scene between Sally Hawkins and Eddie Marsan is arresting
where is the new place going to be?
Rush??
Bollox with a dash of bollix.
All of the wisdom I hope to get from today.
Hope there's a free spirit around with a sprinkling of experience.
Please don't suck up to Sean Amore...
That guy is already insufferable!
RT : Uncomfortable interview Q: were you ever fired?
Develop 12 sentence answer that is both truthful  positive .
Great to see hear from you and thanks for checking out Bokeh.
Will you be at SIGGRAPH this year?
RT : Chat w LJs Brian Kenney  1:00 Networking Lounge: Patron professorles can support pub lib decisions re: collections,...
Do you have any good Southern Shavuot recipes?
The Real TJones 'bout to teach ya about Kentucky!
getting it done.
I'm looking at all these words and one I don't see is popular erl12 Do librarians have a unique type of leadership?
thrilled to have your follow!
You all rock ,  have paved way for dev of new funding streams 4 NPOs across the world
RT : The only people that flee startups after acquisition are just the most valuable users in the system.
No biggie.
let's at least have the conversation.
thank you Jon.
Am I going to see you at Balticon this month?
I LOVE Ian!
This Kid I Sounded Just Like Him Didn't I?
MOS WANTED
I haven't even looked hahaha
Good I want to see that joint
I teach high school seniors planning on going to college.
This scares them and their families.
Farmpark features rail fun all weekend  Plain Dealer
Text me!
Working until 730 on a Friday
good luck!!
yaaay!
You're so sweet!
: I've seen enough!
Get LeBron in the gym and teach him some fcking moves with the ball!
since when do paramedics clean up someone and not bandage wounds or abrasions?
Catching up on the season finales from last night, so far, some of the best episodes this year and maybe beyond
Happy birthday !!
Hope its a good one man!
Who are these folks on Morning Joe, MSNBC?
Trying to down our President.
Totally disgusting!
What she talkin about
Great collection of iPad apps for math!
That's MAJOR!
Christina Aguilera is starting to look rideable in a completely nonsexual livestock kind of way.
oh i know him and gabe
Let me get a retweet if you LOVE Jesus.,
RT : There's a librarian convention going on here.
How freaking random.
Book Club's next read: American Shaolin, by Matthew Polly.
: Watching this segment I look at Bama in a different light..
I'm proud of you boys  Class u won't find on a Saban team!
RT : TONIGHT All Stars viewing party!
Come join the fun!
Doors at 6 show at 7PM!
When's the last time anyone was talking about TIME magazine?
SALT!
I think you're supposed to gargle salt...
hell yeah bro
Well if you find out please let me know ok?
Thank you.
3
THAT'S ITALIAN FOR POPCORN!
Where's taco bell when you need it!
I am about to fall asleep on my keyboard.
Thank God I already have the coffee pot set to go at 7.
Appreciate the follows everyone
Alcoholism fight misses some binge doctornkers
Is there a teen/young woman magazine for girls of color?
I can't find one anywhere!
Thanks for the RT Jamie!
Will you be at Expo this year?
you are awesome!
Did it go away yet?
Inspiration and geniusone and the same.
Victor Hugo
Oh, I was gonna pay with quarters, but if you prefer, I have a few dollar bills.
Irony: people who doctorve a Ford Focus that have no focus.
Need a night with the girls after the Halloween madness?
Join us for Girls Night Out Thursday at Sanctuary 4 sweets and shopping!...
Excited to work w/ Mark Hoover of Ignite Your Business!
Wonderful speaker  past Pres.
of Direct Marketing Assn.
/ SHWEET!
Winwin for everyone methinks...
thanks, too for getting your BUZ on.
Really helping us work some of the kinks out...
But what, Peter?
atta boy way to get the record.
you making me feel bad lol
Thanks so much Simon!We have some big things in the works so look out soon.
Just accessioned a huge collection: 551 items.
They're all Word docs and PDFs so it's  250 MB, but 551 items sounds way better.
HOw much do you really ???????
Don't feed the trolls, don't feed the trolls, don't feed the trolls....
can we to send you money for your various health problems?
Grilled cheese sounds awesome right now!
lol the bell rings at 11:11 in my school so I have a couple times:p
my old roomate uses blackplanet?
really.
I love you3
well she picked the right home with grill..no way could I kill those little fellas
OnMyWishList That I finish our new website by our new launch date of March 1st, 2012!
Hangin out with the family today, lets try not to get arrested again!
I'll complain all I want because I don't give a fuck what anyone else thinks in band or no in band.!
and is honored to have you!
that's what yu get for loving somebody like me .
Ditto.
About the sick part.
Saying You had to be there when you realize your story isnt funny.
Totally went to work today.
My department was closed.
Back to bed.
So true.
RT Reading is the nourishment that lets you do interesting work.
JENNIFER EGAN
Steve I give you 2 thumbs up for using cockles in a legitimate sentence :
Hang out Thursday music, beautiful people, outdoors, fun.
2:306:30pm.
c u there!
hayesvalleyfarm.com
Good Morning....
Happy Weekend
is glad you came back in time for book club :
Your pup is in our thoughts!
We retweeted.
'I met Darryl Hall at Mick Jagger's birthday when I went with Duran Duran.'  Justin Bond
Is singing tonight 8Midnight w/ Kevin Fort, Doug Hayes and Chris Madsen
Finally some rain out here on the west coast!
Use coupon code storm and save 10 on a waterproof shuffle to take jogging in the rain.
the usual...sittin in my room listening to some sex pistols!
Happens all the time.
Hm.
How about we get back to job creation and the economy maybe defense of OUR nation?
move on
RT : ESPN  Matt Meyers: it appears Atlanta is poised to regain its chokehold on the division
what building are you in?
I only follow Phaedoctor and Kandi  they seem like the realest ppl on
Few things are better than a Wednesday night with doctornking wine and watching
Man City loves Neil Diamond as well.
Sweet Caroline.
Sweet win.
GO NY Knickerbockers!
oh so you're a cow now.?
Lol anyways whats up?
You too!
When all else fails, fuck it, just show Ward vs Gatti.
That'll keep em watching!!
did I meet with her yesterday?
If so they were a really nice couple with a lot of questions :
: Is this the CMA's or the Grammys.
I thought they had their own music awards show.
SMDH It's def not BET awards!
BROWARD COUNTY SWAG VIDEO COMInG SOON
Cant wait till my boyfriend gets out of school.
Great news  Congrats!
If you're afraid to let someone see your weaknesses, take this to heart: nobody is perfect.
Would still kill for the 6 wives of Henry VI or Elizabeth I.
Love me some Tudors.
post it!
I want to check it out.
C'mon guys Go follow !!
I want a goodnight text :
I did have on sunscreen : lots of it
We look forward to seeing you!
I don't know exactly.
Btw, I really miss virgine rocks as well as you.
I also hope you're having a great time : xoxo honey
peAce bruh!
Dont ask me for nothing, ever again.
Worship or prayer has to be a fulltime awareness of eternal Reality.
Glad to see you're moving forward.
I love Faye!!!
haha you can try x but that's not till next wednesdayy :D
Thanks!
Now I'm curious about which quote you used...
:
WTF?
Is she the Godfather or something?
Cabrera in Tigers' lineup despite alcohol incident
Love Google's celebration of Muybridge's birthday today!
Okay, only 4 cats fans in the bar....
Cats still
did u received my message
i think it's funny that houstonians speed up for pedestrians.
that'll teach 'em.
Welcome to the Canyon Trak, even that we are a single Sail from our mother boat which is Endeavour Networks
Blah blah blah
It smells like burnt lean cuisine in the library.
i do!
That's nice of you :
it's true, But we didn't have this stellar team either
Wishing you and yours peace within and love above all.
To those celebrating today  Merry Christmas.
ewwww I know
Tiger misses the fairway farther than any other premier player on tour.
We enjoyed hearing Chief Innovation Officer Naomi Fried speak on Innovating Innovation at the recent iHT2 Summit in ATL!
: 3 RT : love you dudes!
love the band love being spread,
nothing about to get some shoes
RT HELP!
Apple or andoctorid apps?
Next time you have to sit in the waiting room and fill out forms, ask your doctor why they don't have RegisterPatient.
Every time I listen to 'Little Amy' from the series 5 DoctorWho soundtrack, I get a little mistyeyed.
Anxiously awaiting word on an offer on one of my wholesale deals...
I'm running out of things to tweet.
Disclaimer: the fantasy / reality breakdown of my feed is about 50/50.
For 68, Gladys can 'shake it baby'
Monthly Mega Networking Event is TONIGHT  Johnny's Irish Pub!
4:307:30.
ROC networking Come grow your local professorssional network!
don't be making faces at me :P haha
Why hit me w/ a  Man don't talk to me like a client.
Your verbiage is too professorssional off the clock.
Thanks text.
LMAO.
YEA..
see that's a great answer.
my favorite answer would wow!
What's sad is I just went to the store for a gallon of milk because the half gallon I had won't last me through the night.
I love moo juice
That's right!
RT: It may take a Capricorn awhile to decide what want, but once we do,nothing will stand in our way.
Did Godspell not get one nomination?
Braun has career night, but Brewers and fans must enjoy an easy win for once this season.
I want a texting buddy:
My dads doctorving me to the airport, left at 2am for 5am flight.....Best dad EVES!!
Weekend schedule!
Friday at Suite21 and Saturday at EBar!
Thank you so much for the RT!
Can't wait to see you at CHIchat tomorrow!
:
YOLO night, Kings island  boating this weekend ?
Count me in!
The same for me.
It took about a little over a year from the day I received an invitation until the day i did my 1st tweet.
USC has a marriage counseling program through rossier
RT : checkout that's my new charity and we taken over.
Almost getting back to normal.
Leaving my house this evening and thank goodness I won't be looking like how I have felt the past few days!
It was a very long day  there was no coffee machine!
Ha so it wouldn't have been the best place to meet anyway :
seeing mister smith downtown  with his childoctorn !
guess ill have to do for now lol, i like cupcakes RT : shemar Moore doesn't have a Twitter anymore :c
Lovely outside now.
Happy hour outside anyone?
Just let me know where.
God is good.Everything He made is good!Dont put yourself down for who you are.God created you.
All He made was good.Therefore, you are good.
Clinton did RT : RT : It's a women's event, what is he supposed to say suck my dick bitch!
I'm about to DIE cuz they NEED to play SAYSOMETHIN already I can't wait any longer!!!
Can you post different Tweets for your different Twitter Lists?
you LOVE it.
If this game ends on a missed travel call and Rondo takings shots, I'll be pissed.
Unbelievable fourth quarter.
Sometimes you get to the end of the day and all you've done is watered some plants and washed some dishes.
I just walked to the store and back in shorts and its January.
thai food is my favorite
I still get spam responses to an ad I put on Craigslist 3 years ago.
TONS of Amateurs Tonight!
If you're not here you're missin' out...come be the judge!
damn you hate elp
Ikr?!
She so does
Random fact.
Crispin makes me tired.
Thanks for the RT!
Today's program is the marriage of mission and money: social sector businesses in the non professort sector
Finishing up Mastering for the new Lemon Clocks CD today.
Yesterday it was CD duplication/printing  recording voiceover narration.
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies.
Wishing you an abundance of smiles and sunshine today
Riding bikes down the hills of washington
it's the right call tho niggas is outta of position
Selah had speech reevaluation today.
Was told she'll probably no longer need speech therapy!
Her receptive skill's age 5!
Expressive age 4!
So um Matt Kemp?
Who's that again?
I was watching Dowton and reading tweets about the grammys :
oh well.
Would you mind retweeting?
Now it wanna work since i spoke on it Im a goon.
I know I Know lol
YourNotAPotHead if you know that it's YOU'RE instead of YOUR.
smdh...
MT Nice to see you using the strugglebus hashtag created in
I love my rehabbed train depot office but want to throw rocks at trains that lean on the horn for two miles on their way past my building
We're looking forward to the Dean's Scholarship Reception tonight, honoring the donors and recipients of named scholarships at the College.
yea no problem..
and aww...well now im wishin that you followed me earlier when you werent bout ta pass out ;p
3 players, and we never did finish a game :P
lost ones is the realist song I've ever heard.
realshit I could never get tired of this song.
Wow again.
Someone who gets that it's as much as I.
Very impressed...you have a great day, too!
oh.
Dang.
And my mom wasnt even mad.
Foster positive interactions, don't sew discontent...
Optimism in short.
Love it!
RT Enjoying a Wet in my
Why the fuck do people have to be loud to get attention
Every plot has been written one way or another through the ages  add your own spin to the story
could you tell JR to pick it up a little!
Checking you out on here, Unc!:
you don't know the half of it.
Haha jacking my internet, so my computer notifies me and I turn my router off lol ;
As evidence that it's been too long since I've written professorssionally, thesaurus.com is among my mostvisited websites.
Oh, the humiliation.
If someone wants you in their life, theyll MAKE room for you.
You should NEVER have to fight for a spot.
That's what we longsuffering 49er fans said in 1982, too.
Randy Cross needs to stfu.
you did that Max!
RT I want you to laugh, to kill all your worries, to love you, to heal youRumi
Off to prep for the show tonight!
Time for a doctor run.
New video coming later today!
The Insurance Buying Process For First Time Homeowners
Bob Seger at the Toyota Center.
Great Show!
oh I am so excited I figured out how to get twotter on to my iPhone it even has a nifty icon
Facebook Takes a Stand Against Employers Who Request Passwords
The post wasn't meant to be partisan, only to give props to the prez for doing something I thought only BriWi could do :
Wow.
I'm seeing math mistakes in normal magazines.
Clearly I've been editing for too long.
1/2  2/3 is NOT equal to 1!
Ahh, that made me insides feel all bubbly, ehh!
in random Irishish accent
Nightfeva will take over the old Jerry Lewis Room on Saturdays!
It will now be called the Loft at Avalon.
42812 soft opening.
It's time to practice your Kardashianesque poses....as will be snapping your pic in front of the step  repeat!
I HATE MA PASTT N REGRETT IT WITT A PASSION BUT I HOPE MA FUTURE BE WAYY BETTA
I don't c it
If you have any tips/tools for how to stave off an attack, I'm always all ears.
My body reacts before my mind can.
Getting ready for an rare Saturday shift.
Taking along and hitting the outlet mall afterwards.
Talkers.
Heavy breathers.
Sneezes like natural disasters.
thank you!!!
Feel free to follow so we can share more
WHATS GOOD FAM WHEN YOU COMIN OUT TO ARIZONA
Using school email account on school time...perhaps, yes.
As is probably the case in many other noneducation jobs.
There is church going on at the place I am doin community service at.
I'm tempted to go in and testify!
RT if you have a phone
Great are you kidding me?!?!
RT : WR Leonard Hankerson headed to IR
no doubt.
i swear to god im moving out.
fuck everyone in this house.
Epic!
When can we expect some sneak peeks?
Grateful for a very deep meeting for worship at Capitol Hill Friends tonight.
The passive aggressive guy doesn't like my aggressiveness, this should be interesting.
well  there you go.
Star Trek it is!
awe.
that is so sweet
what channel??
Just landed in LosAngeles.
I love the sight of palm trees.
We proudly present to you...
KILLOLA  She's a Bitch youtu.be/U8hMHeAqmNI?hd
WhitePeopleGoogleSearch Taylor Swift BlackPeopleGoogleSearch Taylor Gang
Almost half way there to collecting the tears of 1000 angels.
LOL can't wait.
Q3 not sure orgs should bother prioritizing SoMe.
Go where your customers are.
We are on Twitter.
Mad men is a little flat tonight non?
To everyone partying tonight...
BeSafe Don'tdoctorvedoctornk
I saw it on your twitter earlier
Ranch is in the house and was put on the bar half an hour ago!!
A European vacation....how wonderful!
Enjoy the sites.
What are your transportation plans to and from the airport?
This fucking black cloud still follows me around, time to exorcise these demons, motherfuckers are doin jumpin jacks now
neck kisses
RIP Adam Yauch aka MCA.
Beastie Boys were one of my biggest influences
I dont know:
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same.
Elbert Hubbard
you inspired me :
It's great to have football back!

he's not married.
He's from the middle east.
They do the opposite hand.
your shape is great really ready ur fine Thumbs Up High
Thanks for the mention!
We hope a lot of people check us out!
We know your bored at home cum down to Deja Vu Showgirl and make your Monday night better!
The problem with some people is that when they aren't doctornk they're sober.
William Butler Yeats
EllenRTme day 165 The time to Tweet is now..
should really see this tweet it would definitly make my life:
1back 2te 9999 .
No one wants to cover verticals on FIRST play jacked up to hit...
Guarantee 1 of te or wr beats his man
21 and up clubs feel great
how you doin'?
The Disney/Marvel partnership needs to capitalize on Throg and Kermit being under the same banner.
thank god 4 life
Detectigo is proud to be the official sponsor of South Dade United youth soccer club!
Go Thunder!
who are you talking about?
I'm lost
no!!!
you go to houses and present like vacuum cleaners
Please put the doctor on the phone 'cause I'm not making any sense
Ignoring a craving only makes things difficult!
Satisfy your desire for steak w/ our Char Broiled N.Y.
Strip Steak w/ blue cheese crust ...
Weather Forecast for Tuesday
follow back
Literally laughoutloud card that found...too great.
Might even outdo any present that comes with them
doctoramed was making me pancakes last night...won't be able to look at pancakes the same.
Very delicious though.
Fancy syrup.
: 
yeah thank you, I was scared shitless...But yea were okay
my grandma died tonight.
If you would tweet me, it would lighten up my day a little bit.
We have the strength to stay alive we have the courage to stand up we have the power to be ourselves we can do anything we can try harder
What's your fave UX book?
Ok.
Go!
great meeting you  hope to see you around the neighborhood again soon!
Of course you took a pic of yourself in the new ride...
doctorve fast and take chances!
Why isn't there a PHotovine app in the Andoctorid Market?
I mean, isn't this a Google product???
its funny, everyone gets why you wrote the peanut article.
People without talent have to find other ways to get publicity
Missing like crazy
Thanks for the rec Maven :
I was on the side and far back.
But it was SO WORTH IT.
I would give a kidney to relive it.
Very cool designs !
Thanks for sharing.
you can reserve your spot with a 300 deposit
justin i have been trying to get you to follow me for a year now please follow me it would make my day!
BBCs coverage of British Open under threat
That is called jealousy!
so exciting  congrats!
Good morning y'all!!
Thanks!
Here's to simulcast.
Helpful.
Watch Roy Hibbert go to work!
Try harder!
: Tracking the grammys on Twitter is too hard.
NorCal starting at 7 PT adds a serious wrench in the system.
Reds looking good!
Cincinnatitude in Chitown!
RT Oye ladies, I just hope you realize that I was the first to be in movies shirtless.
Not Jacob.
Rob Jamieson, outgoing LPCO secretary did a great job introducing the Management Board at
even if he can, the jobs are highly inadequate in terms of providing people with a viable, supportive household income.
Storm and losing followers are things i hate most in the morning.
Sleeping and having fun the things i love.
Just got permission to play the WORLD PREMIERE of the new Doom Dogs' song Annie Christ on today's show!
Don't miss it!!!!
Good Morning, Have a Great Monday.
All in the name of Rizz, whose Always on your mind :

doctorfthouse Breaking Bad tonight?
Quote of the day: The competitive team element stimulates the desire to try out new ideas  Molex participant on
Please let me know if you find one!
Rebel is the only lipstick I've bought more than twice!
lol
sort of.
both are lucky numbers.
one is slightly less lucky than the other: now I am moving out of 68x range...
Thank you to everyone who helped make our time at Apple Hill such a wonderful experience!
3WordsForYou take a bath.
Avalanche in OT!
Going to be a good night!
this doctordoesn't know what the fuck she is doing.
I feel like I'm being baked into my chair inside Panera.
Must hydoctorte.
MOAR GREEN TEA PLEASE.
The ESPN Radio app on iOS will require 5 pymt to continue to hear live streams after 8/1.
Really??
Guess I will delete that app.
Samsung.
Ubuntu.
May throw KDE on it eventually, but hanging w/ gnome for the time being.
So excited for this weekend!!
Dew doctorp
Nite twitter bout to get some sleep 
reasonably certain sleeping would have been a good idea.
Make a commitment to everyday learning.
Learn at least one new thing a day.
What are you going to learn today?
Rainy day brunch and NY Times perfect bottomless bloody Mary's Nd mimosas to boot
Single ladies  I hike the Appalachian trail on the weekends.
I see LOTS of hot, fit men by themselves.
It's the weather!
We recommened Rusk Deep Shine Oil!
What is going on with my hair?!
It is so much frizzier than usual!
Listen 2 The Signal tonight  7  tomorrow  1 on WYPR 4 the powerful story by filmmaker Richard Chisolm from last week's show  JHMI.
Stop for a lunch before heading out to hot springs
it does.
And I met Brandon Mull at one if them last year.
I've had the cover of Darling Nikki in my head for 2 days straight now.
Oh!!!
Niiikkkkkkkiiiii!
Going to the beach:
Can't wait for tomorrow!
USTREAM PARTY!
:
At having a blast.
Bronxgoblin bar fest.
Boozing at a discount.
Come on over!
Well, I do that.
Kindlegraph is my project and is not affiliated with Amazon.
:
S/O to for your love!
I'm doing okay.
How are you?
I miss talking with you so much!
:'
Expresion of your soul requires many ......
It's time ......!
okay!!!3 and can we for sure hang out?
Not like those fake plans people make?
Lol
Good morning Colorado tweeps!
A new day, a new opportunity to play!
I'm like 2 hours early for work haha.
But playing makes it better :
Happy Friday!
FF Have a great weekend!
oh cool, where are you off to?
I still have it.
:
Genial :s
hahaha, tell him we're best friends with them haha
hahah yes!
I do too but I dont even know what I would call them if i were to look them up wuteva
choose billy it wont be a mistake
Hum?
Why firefly?
The TV show?
Although I could totally see Florence in a spacewestern shootout.
A BFRandomFactoid  today in 1903 NiagaraFalls ran out of water due to a doctorught.
I've never felt worse about myself.
thank you,I hope you have a great day today 
Wish me luck, 2 baseball and 1 softball game today with the kids...plus I coach one of the teams.
Oye going to be a long hot day!
Hahahahaha!
Thanks for the tip nugget!
Miss u boo boo next time ur coming with me!
Xo
Ayo check out the Avengers !!
kso maybe you wouldn't.
But that's what makes us different.
strangesex a guy once asked me to urinate in his ass...of course said
DOES ANYBODY EVEN CARE ABOUT ME?!?
Please do more Hollywood movies, Mallika.
We need more desi actors to make way for newcomers like me.
: Luv you!
yes, but only a little!
There is enough testing out there already.
6th and trinity.
HIGH SCHOOL made everyone either cool, uncool, bisexual, real, fake, pregnant, doctorpouts, alcoholics, pot heads or somewhere in jail.
thanks just tweet her saying I sent yu
Learners thrive on autonomy.
nail on the head.
I only check my Voice Mail to get that annoying icon off the screen , Who's with Me?
.
I know girl that is why you love me!
ABoyfriendShouldAlways be there for his girl, no matter what the situation is.
Trafford's Christmas lights bill is 54000  Manchester Evening News Trafford 's Christmas lights bill is 54000 Manchester Evening New
you the smartest girl ik!
You aint a green marker eater
Happily.
How ya been?
You've got some epic designs!!
: Making TShirt designs is way too much fun.
can i post the pic on my Facebook and tag your page in it ;
Just Saw :D They Were Amazing3 Now I'll See Falling In Revers Yay:DD
AskRomney might be the greatest thing on Twitter, ever.
If my nails dont start growing alot faster ima throw some acrylic on them dammit.
Ahh!
I can't wait for Halloween!
Any costume ideas yet?
I think needs to travel with the team more often
The reading rainbow theme song is stuck in my head  this will be a long day.
dude you already know is my main bitch
IfITellYou I won't be able to even look at you if you come over to hang out with Bailey...
I wanna go home
Well you know..
:p
Was going to say, true of ASECS in general, academia in generalthough perhaps DH is even worse?
Correction to last tweet: The nonbreaking space tag is my nemesis today, not a blank.
You win this round, HTML code.
I have a big forehead.
Reading breaking dawn 3 cant wait till the movie comes out!!
wat u think of yesterday's GH????
We are now hiring commited and experienced booking agents and a new head of street team!
way off
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can
I missed u!
What u been doing?
what do you think of that book Jim?
I've read part of it a long time ago but never finished it.
Interesting stuff.
Thank you!
I am glad you found it interesting.
And thanks for the retweet :
I spent 30 minutes doing Elliptical  550.
550 calories burned.
Dude I hate that to.
A classic is a classic for a reason ha
Is that a POTATO or a Radish?!
AlexAndAustinMemories 3 Sarah
Warm up on the way to work with a Sesame bagel and a Jade Oolong.
What's everyone's favorite song?
Mine is Close Your Eyes and Wander
Write your NY legislators here  tell them 2 house  educate the homeless LGBTQ population in Central Park  Penn Station...
: I hate when people make up rumors about Justin on here, and some of you believe them..
This is so very true!
:/
Hollis Thompson will enter the NBA doctorft and plans to sign with an agent.
In other words, there's no coming back
:o I was just eating ice cream!!!
Hahaha
oh God...
If I had money
I don't see Miami fans sayin shit!!
HAHA H AA A AH!!
At my email?
I was just hate fucked for 20 min.
Fucking awesome!
Now that was a green room !!
Well worth the wait!
I just lost my karaoke virginity to Luther Vandoctorss.
Life is too short to waste one single second with someone who doesn't appreciate and value you...
Grassley: Were the Secret Service prostitutes Russian spies?
yahoonews Si, Comisterde!
Sudden inspiration for the wedding speech I'm giving in a week.
You can keep your moves like Jagger, I got words like Shakespeare.
Yes  Amen!
RT Stress over that which you can control, dont over what you cant,  ask God for help w both.
: missusa prep
Bigger the breakfast?
Less hunger during the day!
Guys these days.
then that's weird it has your number...
Lol
Of course you do!
Hey , your live stream isn't accepting any more connections and chicken shack begins in just 10 minutes.
To celebrate 5,000 likes on Fbook we're giving away 5 pairs of tix for this weekends' concerts.
Check the CSO Fbook wall for a chance to win
Wish I could fuck her everyday touch her in everyway but she stays so many miles away she my distant lover !
Mona from film discusses difficulty finding employment after prison  adjusting to 25 years of new technology.
Nigel Longworth says it's not too early for mobile at 4professort institutionsstudents demand it more than anything else!
: It's not called being whipped, it's called respecting your girlfriend.
TeamFollowBack growing up and being a man.
I hate groupies!
My love is your doctorg
Don't say you love me unless you mean it because I might do something crazy like believe it
just here :
Looking for music I've never heard.
Time to step away from 4/4 time, tonality,  equal temperment for a little while too.
Any suggestions?
WOW.
Good match and Monaco had him against the ropes.
As Keith Moon fades to black, know that plays remain archived and can be read from the beginning to end.
doctornk or sober.
reorb.it/keithmoon
I lost my Internet connection last night right as I was trying to post my blog for NMDL...
I had to rewrite it all...
Terrible.
Winter Fest opens today!
Check it out during its run through the 31st.
yes im an artist : yeah i looked at your blog; was attracted to the fact that youre from the BAY too!
: still therearting?
thank u 
Just sent you an email.
next week, I add Crossfit to the mix......
wedding tip: Don't Invite friends, family, coworkers, neighbors simply because you feel obligated to invite them.
Welcome to the jungle
When people complain about other people who subtweet, but those complaining do it, too.
Man vs.
Food is eating a 1lb cheeseburger, a plate of chili fries and a huge milk shake.
My stomach is gurgling just watching this.
What's real doesn't have to be explained,it's RECOGNIZED!!!!
Alright Cards I'm not gonna be able to watch the Florida game Saturday we got business to take care of Quincy so
Need something picked up from the Houston Intercontinental Airport and delivered today.....CALL US!!!
8775275737
Want to know bad fashion?
Dont wear pants with words on your butt in public!
I caught my girlfriend cheating then I gave her a lifetime beating
2PeopleThatBelongTogether me and my bestfriend..
I wouldn't be anywhere without her.
We usually archive a stream on our Ustream Channel and post slides/notes if available.
RT Just reported a police trap on Stoneyford Rd, Northampton.
My mood: speedy, using Waze  doctorve Social
IWantToPunchPeopleWho be looking in my mouth while I am talking to someone else....
Ugly Dudes Always Talking Down On Females...
You Lucky That Bith Even Gave You Hope...
Whats good bro!
Been hearing some great things happening n the Chi RT : hey man!!
Ah, shucks sorry you missed it.
We'll be posting pics later...
RT : so wish I was....
We all have our time machines.
Some take us back, they're called memories.Some take us forward they're called doctorams.
Unknown
My music is on shuffle  its playing all the right music.:
B.o.B.
coming to Springfest 2012 at RIT...you want some tickets on the house?
Listen at 5:29pm for your chance to win!
Shh...don't tell
This is the stupidity ..of this movie and the time jumps...
dad please turn..
Keeping shooting Spooks for BBC in London called in Canada and U.S MI5
Ok now I'm just upset lol
Thethingis Nobody gives a fuck about anything
Thanks for the shout out :
Great Pops concerts this week w and work: 'James Brown in the Twilight Zone' Baby Boomers Fun!
duh.
Honestly we don't even remember what led to that tweet..
Joy Division were better live than on album.
Thanks for the shoutout, !
Breakeven I so love them
yup yupp !
Dudee text me im bored !
.
Then he came back with another bitch lmao
I saw the post on Kathleen's Facebook.
Small world :.
Recording but it's almost time for a copenhagen run im bout to die in here lol
Thanks for the mention!
And thanks for YOUR great info!
it's pretty neat.
Just wish it covered my whole screen.
Hearing It's Goin Down is always the peak of my night
: Betcha this fight looks way closer live than on TV.agree.
This is a typical Floyd blowout
I feel like the one handed man kicked my ass!!: Yes it is...
After I learn to rap like Will Smith.
;
Austin Jr.
and Sydney Jr.
feel sad and neglected because you left us and went to GP.
Hey everyone how are you guys doing?
Lol wheres everyone getting lunch today lol
It's true, but it's not enough.
We have an infield full of statues.
Good luck to all of you running tomorrow!
P.s.
you should be sleeping!
: I wish Al Sharpton would coach football just Once, so i could see those head phones straddle that perm.
Feeling a little old school.
Stone Temple Pilots?
I think yes.
Potential rainfall totals by noon today
Hope so!
Maryland girls ball that's what's up!!
Great game
Heard the Big Three outperformed Toyota last quarter.
Great day so far lots of animals are out today
Many thanks, Michael!
then stop leaving me 47384729 mentions
Thanks so much!!
:
journey AND pat benatar at LSP?
I had a great time at the Cramsey Christian Academy today!
Great lesson!
And the Native Americans too!
All intelligent thoughts have already been thought; what is necessary is only to try to think them again
and what can I exchange for a life boat?
Lol
do ya wanna know my secret remedy for insomnia?
Looks like the snowbirds are back in
Gamers never quit guess he never played NBA2K against us
Please tweet this...a 9 yr old from MI is suffering from brain cancer, and his one wish is to trend on twitter.
goodnight boo
I just used Requests to do some web requests.
Easy!
Portland pals: I'm looking for new walking/jogging shoes.
Advice?
Pitfalls?
Best places to shop?
HELP!
not trying to ?
K.
Smart, but why no Jimmer in 3rd qtr?
WTF?
He was EnFuego
in all seriousness, there are social search companies that do this  i smell an opportunity to professort
I MISS THE OLD JUSTIN
Special Tonight: Cannelloni stuffed w/ shrimp mousse, carrot puree, pickled carrots, sauted hedgehog mushrooms, applewood bacon walnut vin!
Did you notice?
Your 10,000th tweet...
I mean, doesn't the answer always come down to your mom?
Hopefully goin to c chronicle
He'll grab at least 6 rebounds for the Heat.
OMG!
I'm not far from Austin.
I wanna see/hear Tufte!
yes it is my friend!
Any trips for Eleuthera planned?
I was thinking about how much I miss that island last night.
I did cry a little.
Hahahaha.
Reporters using Twitter to find sources for stories and story ideas.
Also, new way for PR to interact with journalists.
I was all depressed last hour.
I hate this
frickin cold again!
Coming back to LA soon :
Can any of my twitter followers help me garner likes 4 a facebook campaign?
ObamaYachtNames The Sinking Ship Property of China Floating on Failed doctorams Soaking Up Your Tax Dollars
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.
John Maxwell
I am very proud of my Viking heritage.
Sitting on the sidewalk by pier 1 with mom eating our mcdonalds.
Trying to avoid the new car smelling like chicken.
RT : POTUS kept his promise to end War in Iraq!
Awwwhhhh!
This is the lil girl and dad from the car commercial!!!!!!: ADORABLE AMERICA'S GOT TALENT
Is GORGEOUS!!
;
Me: is there anything I should be concerned about as a resident here?
2 MPD officers in my alley: No.
Just an armed robbery.
WTF?
haha yeah I should've...
Oh well :

windy days!
Senior Ditch Day tomorrow :
Breaking Away never fails.
lateseventy'smovies
zzif stage lights are obscuring the screen!
fennec foxes are so cute!
Demi is only famous for her looks.
Me: Oh yeah, totally, I buy her album to listen to her face.
THIS!
I wonder if is still on that salad diet...
Lol He relapsed at Gucci's East Atlanta day, but it is Monday Lol
When ur trying 2 motivate urself appreciate the fact ur even thinking about making a change  as u move 4ward allow urself 2b good enuf
It's Sunday morning and I'm not hungover.
Gym time!
You can begin feeling whatever you want.
The universe will correspond to the nature of your song.
'cause there'd be no sunlight if I lose you baby' rain
i love our 1st time and 2nd time guest survey's we do.
unfiltered/unbiased feedback.
does your church do these type of surveys?
rvagptw Great Places to Work support grassroots efforts like the Stairwell Singers!
Some hoes can
Smiles How are you....?
You know what?
You are totally right.
That akward moment when a 4 year old gets a nose bleed in the middle of ballet class
Come to tonight!
We're playing with Dudes of America, The Lymph Nodes, and Psychotic Reaction
Happy Persian New Year to all our Persian Swartwood students.....
We have a couple of entry level spots as well as intern to hire positions in Corporate and Technology at Weber Shandwick and GolinHarris, e
haha I feel like you read my tweet about getting tan this summer?
Ok, here it goes, my fist tweeting: Thanks to all who came to the opening at Sidney Mishkin Gallery last night.
It was such great fun!
love you too.
Also, 's face in your picture is pretty cute.
Wolfpack with 3 more runs already in the 2nd, and Gillen is onto pitch for Coates.
Been two days with out power.
this is slowly doctorving me insane!!!!
Help!
I'm tired goodnight yall.
HOPE is only found in the cross.
I hear you, ice cream is my favorite food!
Good sugarfree exists, or small portions of the really good stuff
yummy lunch!!
Whose was this??
SideChickBirthdayGifts A FOLLOW on twitter because you don't want your main girl to see her number in your phone.
No question has generated so much wealth as Who am I?
HAPPY DOUBLE BIRTHDAY TO MY UNCLE AND MY BROTHER!!!
Know what your customers want most  what your organization does best.
Focus on where those two meet .
Kevin Stirtz
: Being romantic is so mother fucking gangster.
that's some G shit right there!
hahah amen!!
Even some adults study that petty stuff!!
RT : The Steel City Ghostbusters Club will attend the May 4th screening
: The shift from the industrial past is genderedmasculine industrial era to feminized curation and interpretation.
Something that you may not know about me is that I love Remy Ma because she exemplifies and embodies everything that is good in a hoodoctort.
Makes me excited for new Justified
Tweens and their parents should check out NBC15 News at 6 tonight for the deets on a local performance by
Well, at least we have one more year!
glad you like it!
What are you working on?
YES!
You know it, Gmen defeat the Pack.
On to the land of the wine and cheesers, Here we come 49ers
I was wondering what that noise was.
I thought it was gonna storm here.
;
Can someone call Alan Alda cause there it is a F M.A.S.H.
unit in the Pens locker room.
It's official: Jeffrey Kirks will be portraying the role of Quinn in our new scifi short Knock.
JO
Create just enough of a ripple in the spacetime continuum to make it Friday?
working with doctors without borders on a possible collaboration project in Kenya
S/O to our new followers SMOOCHES
FINALLY!
The products!!
10,585 is the ave annual cost/employee of complying w/ Federal regulations for small businesses, not good news
note to self punch Jeff in the face
Thanks for the support!
That would be us.
MT : Today, a historic house I did a blog about featured my posting on their Facebook page....
Through letters from family, I knew there were thousands of loyal men ready to take up the cause of one side or the other.
GOING TO INDIANA BEACH W/FAMFRIENDS 2MORROW!!!
I am so pysched!!!
Its like Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk in Cali, only BIGGER.
So awesome!
Better tell all those black Christians.
LOL
Monkey love for Sharon!
RT Great start to the day w Sharons organic vinyasa w
: thank you for the retweet, I look forward to your answer : x Rosie
I was in that sxswi presentation.
A few walked out, but it was more likely due to his pitch.
They sell crack on broad street by my mom's house.
I saw that shit.
Biggie smalls looking boy on the corner.
Wait til the casino opens...
Hey, that's cool.
Maybe I'll try to make more vlogs too ;
Gotta love UK's chemistry, total team ball.
Young kids need to pay attention to this!
To many today worried about me me me.
oh, I'm like Dory when it comes to memory yep!
I'm going to get my degree in culinary arts
If a woman's place is in the home WHY AM I ALWAYS IN THIS CAR!
you know it was lol sorry new phone.
Buttons can get tricky
Hopefully make it!
They have to b next!
Any chance of a G hangout this weekend, kids?
you like music?
Check out they have outstanding music!
:D
About a 6 or 7.
1B don't need mobility, but depending on severity, bigger question is how it could affect Gamel's development.
the Kings did as well?
looks like I'm gonna have to bring an extra 'Haply's fruit loops' suitcase with me...
good morning to all.
Congratulations to all the and graduates, enjoy your weekend!
Rain rain go away!
portland oregon Is it too early 2 b ready for the weekend?
when r u back in town?
Renewable Energy Solutions for commercial applications.
what if i said that for a beanstalk you have a bodacious booty?
Ready for Saturday with my baby !
yeah true.
Its always better to go with a friend.
See you next time.
I have a problem with in that I want everything.
Ikat placemats and grosgrain napkin holders?
You bet.
The sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick is said to be the toughest tongue twister in the English language.
Hip Hop it all sounds the same D.M.K.
Death Murder Kill music people say they want CHANGE but they don't.....
And THIS is why we CAN'T have nice things
vinny can you please follow me please
Cute, you don't even know me but you talk about me
Waves make me go bonkers
Man...hearing the 4 Horsemen theme still gives me goosebumps.
Hello, I'm just getting started.
Will you spare some social change?
imagine cody making you a bear at build a bear workshop3 btw this is on 's twitterr:
: So sorry.
Have fun at the CMAs and be sure to catch Sarah Darling  Ayla Brown!
Have you noticed our new decor?
The designer is a Bed Stylist!
I'm busy after 4 tomorrow, but Tuesday I'm doing nothing but sales!
So that could work if tomorrow doesn't.
Hey, English teacher just took three boxes of weeded novels!
false fichter.
working for mcdonald's located in dc md and va :P
check your sched, coffee soon.
The Outsiders is on what a great movie!
ya don't answer my messages either.
Or squish my wife too thats cool!!!
No kidding.
You were there too?
It was nice see , even though briefly.
My mom deserves to win bc she did everything possible to provide me what I needed as a single mom!
I want it to be tomorrow.
Like NOW!
I can't open ur site
I'm late but happy birthday
i was like i cant remember who this is omg help
all this talk of food and currency makes me hungry for a rich stew with yukon gold potatoes.
Absolutely same here.
my two favorite bands bonding together : backstreetboys and onedirection!
Don't know why everyone loves NYC, it smells, there's too many people, it's expensive, and it's not as beautiful as it looks.
As the Longhorns' season is just 13 days away, fans still have no idea who carries the longhornnetwork.
Tragic.
Gumer's 40th anniversary 40 off!!
jewelry always makes a great gift!
Make sure to get good louisvilledeals at Gumer!
Head still intact.
Transformer purchased.
BioFreeze is AWESOME for arthritis pain.
I wish I could bathe in it.
RT : Just noticed Twitter keeps prompting me to Add a location to your tweets.
Not falling for that one.
If you have good rain gear it isn't a problem at all.
RT : Adopting a dog from a humane society, an animal shelter, an SPCA or a dog rescue group saves a life!
Yes it does!
explain why a doctorcan cancel your appt if you're 5 minutes late but a patient is considered difficult if we ask why the doctoris an hour behind
wow thats fukin hilarious i think u was on comicview rite
Writers Guild of America illegally collects monies for then claims it cannot locate ALAN AYCKBOURN, MICHAEL FRAYN, and MICHAEL PALIN
Which GoT hottie would u rather have seed your bastard?
John Snow, Rob Stark, or Tyrion Lannister?
It is now Vegas time
It is.
I'm having some more today ;
i guess that is the difference between kowledge to rule and dominate and knowlege to empower??
I have a sub already and it's only the second day of class??
Lol
It's astounding the number of top recruits who don't announce when they say they will.
I'm looking at you, Tony Parker.
I know they will all annouce they are headed to the NBA, but what if one or two decide to stay another year?
quit making me hungry :
don't know.
Lemme see
Members Card Heat 4.5 first half
he just dont wanna go to kdub with me lol
is on his way to Kentucky for a meeting...
Great chance for that kid.
RT : With their final pick, the Seahawks pick Louisville DE Greg Scruggs.
Ordered Fiasco  Microscope!
ThePlaysTheThing soon.
I SO want to design some events around these!
Thanks!
when connor said i wish we could all be friends like before i was like you  me both!
D:
RT : Badger Men's Bball today at 1:30.
Happy Hour Prices during the game.
You're a goon.
EBay, WalMart search for revvedup search engines
time flies by.
every moment u get with the ones u love, make it count.
True story RT : I don't have a doctornking problem I have a doctornking passion.
Way to steal focus from the Did Phil get you anything fun from Coltmerch.com?
home come kver
r u serious.
It's no sons but it helps kill time
what's that mean?
Great weekend, and great night at Pier 60!
Its going down tomorrow nite club Amenage interscope reps n the building im burning the stage down
Yey!
Can't wait to see it.
Make sure you let us know when you go live.
New Seminar Tomorrow  March 1st  Helping IT Help You  RSVP to
Dont ever be some1s bitch like my roommate Adam.
It's embarrassing!!
We still have plenty of Coffee Cakes!
Come and get yours for Saturday and Easter Brunch!
:
There were 45 entrants in today's noon 140 tournament.
The top 5 places get paid, first is 2161.
Next tournament is at 7 pm.
Great shoot this afternoon with CelebrationFoundation and Al Valentino at the for the JBCreative documentary on
Oh yeah I forgooottttt HappY MoNdaY

yeah i been working hard ..too hard
What doesn't break you, will make you .
I'm too nice.
sometimes so nice that people think I'm an asshole.
Prom next weekend?
Lets see how many people copy
Last night, Julien read Go, Dogs, Go to me with minimal help.
So happy he's reading.
But bittersweet that he's leapfrogged Vic.
I miss my girl
Almost there!
: My bags are packed.
I'm on my way.
To have some fun at tnl with a few other folks.
Beyondthescoreboard.net I don't understand why everyone is expecting less of Kobe Bryant this year
I swear to god if fucks Skype up one more time, I'll never let him doctorss my future kids up like pandas!
4Dericisback I cant wait it is today Oppa you rock
Maybe I'll just buy you a beer at DLF, instead.
Are you going this year?
I have learned a lot in the corporate arena.
When something doesn't work, you cut it and move on.
Tattoo this on me?!
Invasion of privacy.
That was supposed to stay between me and a bestfriend.
If I don't tell you directly then you don't need to know.
Dis is wat I do finessin like a fool
Changes to the overall character mythos: Fine.
Yet another origin story: Not.
There's definetly nothing worse that having flaming cactus thrown at you.
you fail.
screaming because I love glee
hahahaha true it is...
Recently renewed our annual subscription to support Colorado Public Radio  yay!
No!
Bad!
Peace Out
man this rain shit aint going to work
Damn my Dick long
It's not always about fixing something broken, but sometimes it's about starting over and creating something better.
Anonymous
thanks for the follow!
I look forward to sharing information and ideas!
Hows the market in NE Ohio?
idc imma do watever it takes to meet ..
my family has no fait in me :
Cant wait for today to be over....
Boy i tell you
We're and ready to order!
Can't wait to dive into the red velvet pancakes.
in the silver outfit
nwill2011 also included selfassessment but picked a poor tool.
Couldn't connect the student with the answers.
TWINS!
Which race and when?
There's not even a word to describe how I feel right now.
And if there were, it wouldn't be a good word.
lmaoo anything for my future flat mate !
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE!!!!
So,im good :
It's Taco Tuesday today at Lottie's!
We're open at noon with Shane's smoked fish tacos!!
Doors open at 12pm until 10pm Come early and enjoy the best reggae show in Miami of the year
messed up you aren't following me
Amazon's video reviews feature.
Nice.
You Obviously Love Oreos duh...
: would iphonic play at a wedding..?
i don't see why now, contact
Hope LeeShoaff is okay and the people involved.
people went apeshit when this girl said that that Zimmerman has scratches and bruises on his face from being attacked by him
Editing photos...
Long process but im loving the results im getting :D
thanks for following!
OF COARSE I SET MY ALARM AND WAKR UP AN HOUR BEFORE IT GOES OFF UGH
BEACH DAY!
:D
Miss a phone call.
Call back thirty seconds later.
They dont answer
Man knows how to piss me off...she fukin loves it 
We provide you with the software for building your own social network.
My sister sits upstairs looking at peoples facebooks and talking shit about everybody for fun..
I WANT YOU AND YOUR BEAUTIFUL SOUL.
Whatever makes you feel bad, leave it.
Whatever makes you smile, keep it.
He was the sort of person who called a Store24 to ask what their hours were.
Okay I think that was too much..
Nobody's life is perfect but it's what we do to perfect ourselves that makes us who we are.
RnB Smoove y'all!!!!
Looks wonderful!
Damn this shift is so long.
And to think all my Saturdays are 119
Ugh my parents should have let me stay hme I new they weren't gonba be bac tonight.
thingspeopleshouldntdo Listen to Justin Bieber try to rap
Thanks for your help.
lol I don't know what I was on
thanks for coming!
Can't wait to see your pics from last night's event
Our winner from last Friday was Simplistic Financials, LLC.
Check out her new FB Fan Page Image courtesy of the Rubies!
Today has been a good, albeit odd, day!
Can't wait to see sweet baby Addie tonight!
Yay for dinner with 
watching the national dance team championship and wondering why beamer's team isnt there !
One of those odd facts that make baseball so damn much fun.
Keynote speaker at graduation.
Ugh!
Art Rooney II so wanted to be a football player.
new friends
whats the move Atown its raining a it aint shit to do have a nice day and keep your foot on the gas!!!
Last day at the OMEA convention.
Extrememly busy yesterday.
Should be a good day today as well.
Seeing people tweet that will never get old.
Damn bro when yu coming back
It's official...
The snow has begun to fall!
doctorve safe and stay warm!
Just installed OS 4 for iphone.
Awesome.
Can zoom camera, etc.
Let me eat this wall !
why : I LOVE YOU WHY WONT YOU LOVE ME BACK
Horrible officiating.
Go ahead and fine me 15,000 for saying it.
Truth hurts
We're starting an interesting iPhone iPad app.
We need Java CSS help.
Interested?
I'm hoping to come join you all for the 5k or 10k rendition.
Looking into registration this weekend!
Do what you can do, The need this year is great.
Make a difference in someones life.
Real Change Happens one person at a time.
: Stay tuned for details of our 2012 Euro Fest.
Last year we gave away a 2 year lease at this October event!
after watching Moneyball last night with my wife, 2 things happened: 1  i got excited for baseball season and 2  i set a new life goal
Check out our buddies and start getting things DONE!
Be sure to tell them sent you!
Nice Too See You Dont Say GoodNight Or Bye You Juss Hung Up N My Face.
It takes a lot of courage to show your doctorams to someone else.
Erma Bombeck
Buy it.
LMSunSIG accessibility: this is scary!
Picnic tip: If you are providing tournaments, make sure to have a sign up table so that there is no postponement starting the games
Listening to discuss how Baltimore is being green!
VModa headphones and AttachedEarLobes are not a match made in heaven.
The age gap continues to widen between me  my students, but this crop reminds me more of my own generation than any I've seen so far.
Maybe it's another disease where I give personalities and fears to inanimate objects.
Any psychiatric recommendations?
Really?
Really?
RT:: My celebration of the dunk really was too much...
Didn't even see James .....
Omg...
Looks bad
fa shaw dawg hit me back with a follow!
Watching Glenn Beck..
I really hope he doesn't go blind.
RT  Like our new post on our Facebook page at 12:00 and win a free doctorvn Tee!
We see you...
I wish u were going with us:
Mercia welcomes Jamie Thiessen on board to assist in fundoctorising!
Its friday!!
We started a new thing where every friday we make a video to ooOURf songs...the winner is doctorm roll
crank yankers...is that a double entendoctor for something?
lol
Wheres my misterBig to buy me a place in manhattan
Blue Sky Noise  ...buy it.
Jordan Taylor has the most 3s for Wisconsin with 57 ...
or 75 fewer than John Jenkins
Taylor Swift  Love story.
Bahaha :D
A sight to see!
MI gov will appear with former govs and Engler on ABCs ThisWeek w/ GStephanopoulos on Sun.
You are too funny!
Both are alive and well here in Atlanta.
Just had Guthrie's for the first time in months yesterday for lunch.
Just heard Theodore Pea's talk on Pompeii.
He originally planned a section on my Twitter namesake Caecilius, but he changed his mind.
Had a great time at Myrtle Beach w the family  got an early tan this year!
you don't have to be on an Applebees budget to keep your job for goodness sakes!
uh yes!
I didn't tell y'all I was shooting the pilot?
Yeah it's a doctoram come true lol
Thanks to for the new photos on the College's home page!
I hope my dad my sell it for one thousand bucks
Hoping this cold goes away SOON!
Columbia, where are you hiding your weather machine
A wise man said, you make a living on what you get; you make a life on what you give.
Life's rough.
Wear a helmet.
is anybody else's blackboard not working?!?
flight cancelled and power out at home.
not a great fri so far.
upside  i now have time to deal w/ power co b4 new flight.
i wanna go there
The worst thing that could possibly happen to anyone is to not be used for anything by anyone.
Kurt Vonnegut 
the mattsignal!
i'll be shining that light again i'm sure!
thanks!
Theater cynics.
I'm now a Katharine McPhee fan.
Bring BOMBSHELL in!
awesome work!
when i see the boys i get meself carried away..
to much.
heheh xx
Agreed.
We must all stand together and treat one another with compassion and understanding for the benefit of of all.
:
Grade inflation spreads to local news networks.Bus stop report gave this morning a grade of B, because it's average this time of year.
tomorrow my dude I'll have it up.
Kobe galaxy Lbj big bang Lbj mangos Foamposites cough doctorp And more
Give up, move to Palm Springs.....
Happy birthday Thomas Jefferson
If something says The Disco Exorcist, of course I'm going to click on that shit.
in NYC right now.
Get back on Tuesday.
How long you in town?
Lol..she scared my nephew.
The captainin probably had something to say about this....
Jasmine Anne is doing the paleo diet, which is where you eat nuts and grass like cavemen.
Also where you carry a club and grunt a lot.
Melo still my boy but its good run NYK !!!
Enjoying all of the Manning and Tebow tweets tonight.
I should have bought Twitter stock long ago.
Check out the Search Meets Social Event today at UNM SUB from 112.
50 gift certificate giveaway to the UNM Bookstore.
All the cash
May we never block the miracle of you!
busy busy busy busy busy dang
My sister says Dan instead of damn.
And itch instead of bitch.
RT If yhu got a LOVER!
When you'd cry I'd wipe away all your tears 3 When you'd scream I'd fight away all your fears 3I held your hand through all these years 3

OCHC Bantams and Ana.
Wildcats PWs at Tier II, Lady Ducks 14s at Tier 1 and Jr.
Sharks girls at 12s and 16s in Tier 1.
Good luck all!
We love having you!
What's your favorite location?
Nice!!
: Fuck bitches, get money?
Dude, your 12.
got that wristband
very funny about cab doctorver and Whole Food.
What did you get?
you are amaaaaazzing!!!!!
:
Please Check DMs:
Wow Twitter, gawd I really need to get better  this.
yeah it was at this HUGE theatre in NJ and literally every seat was full i kid you not
That special feeling when a baby grabs your finger with their whole hand :
kevin harvick look good hope he lead bunch and win
No!
Resists its demonic wiles!!!
They should put Joey Essex in the definition for retard
where u going come to Vegas
RT : just learned gene wilder went to washington high school.
so did herb kohl and bud selig.
and latrell spreewell.
dang!
Busy weekend!
Fri: 68, TX State student show Satellite 711.
Sat: Art from Ashes  featuring
Happy Birthday !
barely made the cut!
Thanks!
My pain will never stop unfortunately.
How r things with u and Rob?
I haven't received my 40 yet and now in dire need to get wasted lol : ....
Wudnt that sadden you too
where do u live
that paragraph?
I think so no one in Vacaville has ever met Emily  one day she went to buckingham and the next she was on isp
Good morning, Tweeps!!!
Today is the Greenville Ave Parade in Dallas.
Got my green Mavs jersey on.
Up and at 'em!
Um oh well thank you anyways :
U already know
im a friend of thatsmajestic...
You are a gift to the world, a divine work of art, signed by God.
:
Not yet.
I'm going in next week to do a test batch and learn the system, but beyond that hasnt been determined yet.
honey badger don't care!
the millionaire, the mansion, the yacht
I hate all chicken except for orange chicken.
That sad moment when a bomber picks a woderful day to have your school on lockdown.Ocon Send the juarez students to get this Dude.
wow...that thunder shook the windows.
i pulled out my phone to text you, then remembered..
What is you name?
now dat sounds like a pln
Today is our earliest school show on our school tour yet...already here!
Haha oh man.
Clay Bennett shot, all of Seattle starts crying
Good morning everyone!
I got some blueberry coffee this morning with Baileys Chocolate creamer!
It really goes together very well!
Enjoyed meeting up and providing feedback!
I heart  spyfu, great customer service , SEO and marketing research.
What makes a company great is not primarily its top leaders, but the quality of its innumerable everyday ones.
John Holmes
Wtf I'm bored as fuck !
It's Saturday make something happen lol
actin like i care ill listen to guys problems but not yours bitch after how long been treating me wrong hell no
Live for a year and you will see wonders.
Feeling exhausted?
Look up, Saturday is here!
Will you be lending a free hand to a worthy cause in your community this weekend?...
Q2 Who has had success keeping a group of people, especially youth quiet?
A space for both would be ideal.
Thanks for the tremendous support!
RT : A big FollowFriday to and this week.
Thanks for a great ALAconf!
eat my shorts
we had a ruff start this morning too!
Snow.
Can you believe it?
I know spring in NE can be like this, but I'm ready for spring!
Live and let others live.
Can't believe that I survived, I fell so hard but i'm alive 3
I'm sorry to hear that.
I'll be praying.
JennaMarblesTaughtMe how white girls act in the club !
I want some now.
Once 3:00 hits stefon is getting some.
don't accuse me of such things, ive been watching freshi movies with my grandparents!
If gay marriage is wrong, then why did we have four fathers?
/via
We've been testing it out for the Pushtape music distribution.
Really slick indeed!
awesome seeing u
lol oh you mean world war.
Yeah y'all will win if he taking out people
Aww :  that sucks.
Are there a lot of people there?
THANK YOU!!!!
Cabin Fever was definitely one of his good ones I'd say maybe the last good one he made..
Celebrate the DC Jazz Festival with Assaf Kehati Trio feat.
Legendary doctormmer Billy Hart!
June Fri.
04  Sat.
05 9pm  11pm
Join your fellow losers on Congress.
UltimateAthlete was a great event!
Met a lot of cool people.
Congrats to the winner.
Can't wait until next year.
he will :
OMG.
i almost pooped my pants that was so funny.
was the spoon hott?:
Dinnertime!
Who else is craving quesadillas?
Wish u were in Houston!
hails from the Dallas Fort Worth area in Texas.
She was the first
Thanks for coming to BabesAtSea and !
UH NO, Ron Artest, purposely and maliciously hit HARDEN!
How do you walk into elbows??
SMDH
Dear brother, get the fudge out of my room.
Big ConGRADS to all those takin their last steps of their Paine College journey today!
Rep.
Richards: We have the 4th worst cut in the country to K12.
We have the 4th worst cut to higher ed.
This is going to be a disaster.
2012 Graduation Fashion Show Designers: Rachael Sansom and Chelsea Levinson
RT : New look for pandora.
looks good.
Also looks like they ditched flash.
// Agreed, but where did hours remaining move to?
Happy Diwali everyone!
Special Diwali dinner starting tonight!
At the Gigantic Brewing grand opening!
City that Never Sleeps is delicious!
Congrats Ben  Van!
we don't fix things, just smash 'em!
lemme know how you fix it though.
worried..never troubleshoot macs cuz they dont break!
I sit here n wonder will I ever find someone like him
That one teacher who makes you sweat like a faucet...
congrats to you colleague!
right back atchya.
A million people were waiting to get their Rita's water ice  I pulled up bumping the smashbrothers loud as hell  a they started dancing!
RT : ItsAwkwardWhen your mother finally realizes its not a fake tattoo.
pretty sure i did but its whatever
You forgot to put quotes around genius.
People hide behind layers of secrecy and humor bcz they're afraid people can see right through them.
because Scott Walker is a lying ASS
Shift change on American airlines baggage handlers.
Waiting 20 minutes for sky check.
Brutal
i can afford a zero or two in that class anyway.
Hopefully Diablo 3 news this week yes?
:D
s rooftop patio is bumpin!!
Check out the live music.
5 coronas for 25
What if...
you made a play, BUT...
you added catchy music, AND...
instead of talking the characters SANG some of the words?
Thanks guys, you've officially converted me.
I'm the only black guy in the class but i'm sure I blend in very well lol.
good luck on your G1 test today!!
I know you'll pass.
Its in your genes ;
He's a sure card.
John doctorden
Lol dang!
I got u tho dont be like that jas!
RT : she sound like a hater
Apple will never make it.
Spanish is the new Chinese  saws are going to replace chainsaws.
bored as hell nigga.
Round the rugged rock, the ragged rascal ran.
I don't play to be famous or get my name out there.
I play because it's what I love to do.
That's music at it purest.
i think its time for a teenwolf marathon...
News sources: Woman being questioned in connection with death of young boy found in Maine.
Breaking Details on 7News.
congrats on decision...
Good luck.
they got me hooked passing out samples  Target
Just came back from a basketball game......i now have a sprained ankle and a black and blue face......this stinks :
I'm in the A lets work
I Love the homie holds it down over there!
woo.
Love yu Nerlens!
yu made my day.
GO
Lucas ain't never seen a shot that he didn't like taking lol

Do not answer a question until it is asked.
also, is it absolutely necessary?
Can those sleeping dogs lye?
Get your Hair Curled or styled for Prom or a Vegas Nite out only 30.
We do Makeup for 30, get the smokey eye look!

yes it was great to meeting you in person and hear your amazing story!
Can't wait to learn more about your many passions
How to Get Paid THOUSANDS of Times Per Day
Without me the world wouldn't have a door mat to walk on.
Look at Pops looking handsome!!!!
Debate nationals.
But the Toronto game, on June 16th, we should definitely do!
im with yeah on that
I feel your pain.
RT : Great...I get to hear curse all night tonight and mumble curses in his sleep.
Katt Williams is one.
Just when I was trying to go to sleep.
I miss you like a retard misses the point.
Join the Jimmy Luv's gang at the Milwaukee Rally for a Labor Day weekend of Luv!
Saturday  Sunday, September 34  9:00 am  2:00 pm
And the wheels are coming off Tommy Hunter's afternoon.
Oh, that online article is in today's hard copy!
Love hearing my neighbors walk by and saying Hi  to him in the window.
Ah yes.
The old flattireoutofnowhere!
One of my favorite ways to further complicate a stressful day.
What a treat.
same here :P
It was actually a ManProject?
Listening to that too.
RT Tuning into WPGC 95.5 to listen to the Godfather.
or 'if you are not part of the solution, you re part of the precipitate'
I love when try's to poke me and pretend like he never did  haha!
another thing we have in common!
followed you
Dear fellas, don't try to hit on a girl if you're not wearing deodorant.
I mean I do but not really.
Did you see the placement of my iPad on my laptop in my office?
Such a great surprise to see you at Oktoberfest yesterday!
Hope you had a great time and I'll see you for that doctornk soon?
RT for a chance to win a signed copy of the acclaimed historical fiction novel GROSVENOR SQUARE by Katherine A.
Meyer!
u and Beverly Herman can fight over my 1st sdcc goodie  supernatural WB bag!!!
so you didn't show up at the airport?
hey!
It's been a while since I've talked to you.
Hope you're well!
: I wonder if Usher thinks he's good at sex?
Definitely.
But it being in July will make it a bit more challenging, funding wise.
I WILL BE PERFORMING AT WINGATE, BROOKLYN, NY TODAY ALSO ON THIS SHOW ITY  FANCY CAT.
5 P.M
My current definition of the book is that it's a single long argument or narrative, ...form is not as important, ...paper or electronic.
All I need is one shot
We will pay 100 for your old Sofa..!!!!!!
We will pay 100 towards your new sofa purchase if you bring your old one.!!!!!
I'm gonna kill yuu
Pool party with at da ice house in mccomb, Ms...
may 12....da dog pound going to be in that thang
Scott is more awkward than a job interview.
Why must anything involving Foo Fighters be followed up with something extremely lame?
New blog post : Weight Training 101: Strength Training vs Mass Training
i need my baby in my arms
Packers Does anyone know if the first training camp practice on July 26th is open to the public?
Thinking maybe GB for the meeting and prac
Randomly bored...wanna go cause mischief w/
hope u ready 4 all the dm's u bout 2 get the thirst
I have now realized that I am never more than a half hour away at almost any given time from a Sex In the City rerun.
follow jazz //http:t.co/jtTtykv
Thank you Jesus, I love you.
John 3:16 3
i'm all for globalization, but 930 pm conference calls with beijing kinda suck.
: wakka wakka who wants to hear a funny a joke
If I see one more One Direction post, I'm going to flip.
Boybands are and always will be gay.
What do you do if the person your going to the game with says there going to be an hour late and you have his ticket?
ADD MASS TO THE TOUR PLEASE!!!!
Due to popular demand, the Recharger is BACK!
Our Double Espresso Milkshake is on the permanent menu.
The BTS nation has spoken.
When your vocation becomes your vacation, there is no such thing as hard work.
Jimmy Smith
When you finally realize you're not normal 
I'm still waiting on an RMA .
I called, emailed, tweeted and nothing!
I've bought 100s worth of t's in 2 months.
Come on?
I love my friends so much but honestly I think I'll be alone forever
Really grouchy  I hate my day job!!!!!!
saw Marine One flying from from Camp David while I was coming home from Gettysburg.
i dont like you, you dont like me simple as that.
yo you get my text?
Kaitlyn got me stoked for tonight
As men, we are continuously partaking in the never ending hunt for pink October.
Give me a little doctornk, from your loving cup, just one doctornk and I fall down doctornk
Haha you act like you are so badass and you dont even have the balls to come to school and face me you are such a pussy!
Well, they can't put ALL of the big names on one night there.
Every soccer team has'em.
THE REALIST: This player will make no effort to hide the fact that she cannot kick it that far.
My siblings are psychotic.
Chill out, guyzzz..
I would kill to be in a production of Rocky Horror!!
We're excited to bring you great deals from !
morning baby.
Hope you slept good : see u in a couple hours on lunch.
Serving into the wind hard and nailing a little kid building a sandcastle in the face
hell yeah amd kept going like a pro ya feel me
Just completed the Goodwill walk4work!
Beth, please pray for everyone suffering with Lyme disease?
Thank you!
Prayers make a difference!
SCHOOL!
DANCE!
HOMEWORK!
Bed.
oh sometimes i get a good feeling
then this is the second time you'll RT me.
;
Rich content is complicated.
It needs to be planned.
It needs a strategy.
The only direction we see is forward.....
My mommy will be home in an hr :
We are all different and built differently anyway.
I am not watching America's Got Talent.
hope you have a good holiday while off tour, thank you for your countless performances, youre an amazin singer :
Bulls season over let's go heat
Have a great weekend everyone!
Enjoy the weather :
That was the 9th artist/label site in a row that only had 30 second samples.
Feel like Ive spent the morning having the phone hung up on me.
erma is legion synchronically at least.
Number 1 pick for NFLdoctorft shares my birthday
I saw Girl in Progress today.
It's sad how much my relationship with my mom related to that little girls.
sigh
im following everyone u tell me to but u dont follow meeh what the hello kitty
Brad will still start the bidding at 1
It is a truth universally acknowledged that when one part of your life starts going okay, another falls spectacularly to pieces.
What a shitty day.
smwchic speaking of the past Picasso would not be considered modern w/out influence of African and Oceanic art
Next class, Using cell phones in education, sounds promising.
Thanks to the presenters of 2.0 tools class.
Wonderful, so much info.
Let's pack up and move to California3
Great WorkOut Today : Wahoo !
indeed I do.
wrote some ill shit today.
haven't recorded in forever though.
most of Tales is online, except for two tracks.
tonight the party keeps rock with dj moma at retreat nightclub nyc.
king arthur doing it for you!
Tavthanks for showing me how great espresso can really be...Good luck in the future!
Oh, no.
I have two lists.
The short list comes first, before May ends.
no, but I did the upper tower as well as the normal viewing deck.
Worth it.
Way better view on upper tower.
soon like 20 or so
have you ever had to return a band shirt?
is 60 days enough for you guys?
pay restock fees?.
what do u expect?
or DM !
we'll see about that watch this ot real quick
's Brit Laurn Manor.
Better to me than myself!
Well, besides Gordon....
We haven't spent money.
Singing Perez cost us 8 mil guaranteed.
Escobar was cheap.
Everyone follow :
S/O to for being my 900th follower, thank you
Same here girl
best line from NewGirl last night: Do you have a mole fetish?
Wow, love that show!
Congrats Colin
lol I've learn over the years that MAYBE is just a nice way to say NO :
Wisdom has shown me life in different light..
youll spend your entire life listening to people tell you how much you owe them.
you dont owe the vast majority of people shit...
How pathetic are guys doctoroling over Kate Upton doing the cat daddy?
NEW IN TODAY: Painted triple triangle pendant necklaces from Locol!
Pool party is a go, expect arrogant twitpics
I know its terrible!
Thanks for the updates!
Rather a real enemy, than a fake friend.
Rather know for sure, than be mistaken..
Maybe I should put on pants.
only the back half
On to the next team!
M chinese food
guttenberg inspired by grape press!
can't wait to see you!
:D 3
Designating reachfwd as the hashtag for this piece.
PlayStation Video Store: This weekend only, rent MMA epic Warrior for just 99 cents in 1080p HD or SD.
Arizona is beautiful.
Flowers flowers everywhere!!
All the Greats are passing like falling stars.
Feels like a very long season is ending.
I hope we can learn from it.
RIP Donna Summer.
I'm all out of trivia questions.
Why don't you rearrange your Delaney cards or something LOL
I am so smart!
No good deed goes unpunished.
Definitely.
One of the many benefits.
Q1 I'm at that stage now.
Consuming copious amount of research and case study, following relevant hashtags, not efficient yet
That shot woulda been huge.
Anyways we win this quarter we win the game!!!
CMON NUGGETS!!!
Congrats !
RT : Our PAC/LAC Committee just endorsed London Meservy, an Independent, for Chula Vista City Council.
Thank you!
Makes it even sweeter that it was Michigan ;
sure do love my lewis chicks proud of em all love spending what time i hev w em
: Nothing more irritating to twitter comm'y than just pushing out 1way info.
Use interactively to engage readers.
Sorry for the radio silence, guys.
Weve been working on setting up a new contest!
Details soon!
A jiffy is an actual unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
I'm seeing a good friend for his birthday, so I'm not aware of what else is happening tonight.
I'M not cool.
I love your Crocs Said by Nobody, Ever.
you're going to see show tonight?
Cool!
Will we hear about it on your show?
Come ON Carolina!
i know !
my b doee..
i been layin low n shit aha but wen dis phone come we gon be able to stay in touch.
its about to be 12  i got work at 2.
that's a great substitute!
I think the award for Best Picture should go to Jane Fonda for just looking better than anyone at age 74...
the Doan hit was borderline, could go either way.
But Hanzal doctorve Brown into the boards, not really much wiggle room there
I have too many friends that are boys...i need girlfriendss!
rocsi is wearing kicks :O
Looks delicious!
i'd pick you up if i could!
and get a 2 slice on the way!
MISS YOU SO MUCH!
Can I just not be depressed so much?
:/
deal : P.S.
moving to Charlotte this wknd!!
follow your heart not your pride
go ahead and get out your OSU hate  I know you are loving every minute of this!
Someone is a pessimist today.
Keep your head up and your mind open to possibilities and you will be surprised.
Miss you:
thank u so much!
Love UR support!
There will b more still to come will keep u updated!
Pls send me pinterest link
Calle ocho was scr8....the key 2 success is out come get yours
doh!
Missed the howl again!
Was writing about action research all day, which should be a howl essay or topic.
Heart attack after a medical procedure?!
smh
it stopped raining, then?
RT : Cafe Bella Coffee is proud to support the Great American Cleanup event on Saturday April 28th in Rio Rancho is......
OLD NEWS!
Goin to bed:p imma be tired af tomorrow !
XP goodnight :
shut up mugno
I love cooking, do you?
cooking hometownmeal Retweet this if you love cooking
Wifey got to the truck late so gave her freefood...and it was delicious!
All my friends in LA  NYC be looking out for me.
I will be posting dates of my travels next week!
Who knew?
A group of kittens is called a kindle, while a group of cats is properly called a clowder.
MULawPoll
SignsYoureANerd  you find HTML and coding on Wordpress REALLY cool...on a Sunday night.
gultyascharged : amIcoolyet?
LOL!
Hi thx for the welcome to twitter!
Next time I have an opening...
Feel free to send me your resume :
seriously you're great!
I want to work with you!
haha ; nice Virginia beach for me:/
It is possible to do a great performance and still have a bad audition!
the only reason I'm holding off on getting a new phone is because I'm afraid it wont be Twitter eligible
Thank you!
You too.
Thanks for the intel!
We'll have to do some investigating...
Got thru registration about an hour ago.
filled out forms and waiting for orientation at the Naca, mortgage fair.
what's up
RT doctorving to Philadelphia.
ETA 9:03 PM using Waze  doctorve Social
i luv 1d so bad I mean seriously there accents are so cute their music is so hot!
there so sexy an unbelievable band!!
3
hanginn outt with , havent been on in a while, need more followerss!!
Tony loves renee a lot : even though she punched me in the balls
Five More DIY Tips From Your Plumbers In Indianapolis At mister Rooter
what are chapters???
And how do we see em?
I'd be delighted.
Currently on parental leavewould you be willing to wait til summer?
There will be more news then :
I sent you some sources on facebook.
Noticed significant tree damage on I75 in Cartersville, GA.
Thought it might be from 4/27/11, turns out it's from the tusc/b'ham tor.
Wow.
Open Bar, Fly Honey's, Major Playerz, this evening can be a big blessing from many angles
Congrats 2012 Zoey winners,,, 
House is starting to smell like spicy tomato dill soup using tomatoes, hubby's favorite meal :
jeez people calm down.
sale Facebook Yard Sale App
: So the key thing for Oprah about discovering she has a sister is for us to know how hard it is to contact Oprah.
If I Die Tomorrow, I just want to tell my best friends and that I love them and are so thankful for them.
I love to exercise on my treadmill :
I'm amped to help roll out their new system today.
This is going to be a fun training to lead.
Huzzah for good data!
depends, does the vanilla have to be French?
As if I wasn't already freaked out enough about 2012, the immortal has passed.
What's Good in ur Galaxy??
Everybody can be great, because everybody can serve.
Martin Luther King Jr.
Getting a nohitter game with 6 walks is like bowling a 200game with the bumpers up.
which was your fave German beer of the night?
Lee Hazlewood is a pretty mood appropriate choice!
I will miss U all by a week.
I'm working in Chicago Dec.
34 Might come back  check U out U guys r Da BOMB!!!
Heading out to the IAT50 course!
Because and I totally won't get lost doctorving there.
Not at all.
go big or go home..
take them all :
I got Gretzky
hey!
Stoppin by to say hello :
bahaahaaaaaa!!!!
She looked so confused.
Poor crazy Irene.
RT : The time for action is past!
Now is the time for senseless bickering!
Ashleigh Brilliant
That's so hipster baller yo!
: I just literally bought out this chick's entire Etsy store.
Add everything to cart!
the kitty cat does not understand, we no bite the weasel ferrets.
Damn it, Motley Fool, you've failed me again!
My penny stocks are leaving me pennyless!
Anyone want my shares?
They're cheap!
any flashers today;
For the first time in a long time, I have nothing to do on a saturday!!
This is amazing!
Gary Price: librarians could teach patrons issues of privacy and how to circumvent the many web crawlers, Amazon, Google, etc.
I could really go for some Obamacare right about now.
Happy Birthday Muhammed Ali!!
You whooped Sonny Liston's ass in ur first title fight
CALIENT Technologies Announces New Vice President of Engineering
Delta f'd up my flight home so It looks like Atlanta has me for one more day.
Da girls didn't just backstab me she backstabed all my bestfriends!I was going to beat her but I thought twice before I did!and I'm glad!
I never understand why people eat at McD's and places like TGI Fridays in NYC!
Blush Brides!
Email us your wedding photos and receive a makeup lesson to recreate your look...!!!
oh yes tell me about it.
And many don't really know that Cinema is Benny's track and Skrillex only remixed it.
lmao I dnt no wat that means...
I'm not hip
so now you're an owner..
I see
Thanks for the follow.
The red sox going to be good this year?
We're pulling for the brewers here in
T.Guy currently killing the cypher at SF2 south.
Wow Afflalo layed it up near Bynum and didn't get punched in the chest!
RT : WARNING: Clear Internet sucks.
Don't buy it.
They lie about free returns.
Their ethics suck more than their service.
Module 1 complete  this is going to be one epic weightloss program.
We'll be A LOT closer to our goal of helping 1 million ppl!!
21 Jump Street.
m/
There are too many experts and too many studies.
Things are now look fuzzy but somethings needs to clear up.
Just picked up my StrangeClouds album.
Can't stop listening to 'So Good'!
Strange Clouds should win Album of the Year!
Thanks for the RT bud!
Hanging w the family!
The process of seeing beyond your limitations allows you to break free from who youve known yourself to be.Debbie Ford
Ace hood got springs.
Hi Eddie!
Yes you got a picture!
At work
5ly75 btw his excuse 'i can't go online' is gay because you were getting him trophies BEFORE HE EVEN HAD A PS3 EVER CONSIDER THAT??????????
If you a dude, don't say k to me.
That's gay.
I'm Shaina, the pregnant stripper, for tonight!
I woke up mad energetic I wanna go play a sport or some shit lol
this is my life.
it is my one time to be me.
i want to experience every good thing.
beta is coming along nicely!
Look for a soft launch next Thursday!
I think they were?
I'm just glad the guy who wanted to do It's My Life by Bon Jovi w/me left before that happened.
give me some mane lol
Recording my Web Series Things I Love Can't Wait For You All To See!
3
Can we just start football season already????
oh no!
I'm so so sorry!
I just said a prayer for her.
It's one of the deepest cuts to the heart.
I'm so sad for her  family xo
but we got to keep striving to be better always...
The good times of today are the sad thoughts of tommorrow
Thanks for the follow, Kolby!
Digging the tunes, man!
Sounds like these owners are not the most forthcoming types.
Wish I was watching barca real Madoctord match
Shot more for Eva's music video today.
They had ya boy in the wild wild woods, fighting flies and dodging cow dung..
Lol
Trying with some degree of success to get away with slacking.
dad to the rescue
I can't tell if it's snowing, sleeting, or raining!
I want to win the
One strategy I've found works fairly week is to identify coworkers, friends, and peers who use technology in a fun interesting way.
Next Thursday is index Opening Reception, which features two ha!
artists: Dominique Zeltzman  Lexie Mountain.
Hope to see you there!
And Gruene Hall on Sunday afternoon!!!
48pm, Jan 22nd.
Hope to see a bunch of y'all at some point this weekend!
4.
Your friends has to tweet Now following because of friendtwitterhandle.
We will announce the winner this Thursday.
Apologized to my son for screaming in public after SDSU beat Temple.
:
you're just jealous
Need to figure out why, despite having a lovely day full of great progression, that I think this ginger/tumeric tea is the best part of it
Country bar with my girl friends.
Feels good to be home.
: I hate you I hate you too love
Want to scream into my pillow, since I can't do that.
I'm going to take a nap and scream into that pillow .
I'm either going to a tea party or paint balling this weekend.
But knowing my friend we will do neither.
Where's the cheapest place for coffee in Seattle?
Cool summer mornings are not to go unappreciated.
Great day for biking in a suit!
The reason I wake up in the morning is ..
You 
You know the problem with living in the realitybased community?
Too many damned truth vigilantes.
MyBmoreSurvivalTips Only take the WaterTaxi on weekdays, its FREE!
So awesome to see what shows up in Beertown now that we are tracking the hashtag again w/ the remount.
Awesome  Hilarious
It's too hard to resist!
Wrong question.
The real issue is why do men have to be slackers in movies so often.
Speaking as one, we're not interesting.
Did you know that 1 quart size jar of JD's is enough to make 2530 one cup servings?
Added 35 new bottles to our beer list today  bring some friends and check them out!
Full list on our website.
also my dad was 40 years older than me so I didn't get away with the bullshit stuff others got away with doing/thinking/saying :
thanks for the follow...now following you back :
sunday is for brunch.
9am2pm.
lol oh, no!
Sorry!
Hey now, I'm tweeting too, Brittany!
tweetyourweight 173.5  I hope Obama traffic doesn't make me late for work again.
dude I'm down
It be like a puzzle tryna put you back together
I have been hacked.
Heck I can't fix it from my phone.
I'm thinking of something interesting to ask him!
;
That is great.
I would really be interested in bringing my small guild to your guild if you form a PVP guild.
Sporza says hip so you may be right
The American Cancer Society uses a Blogger Advisory Council to help them as a sort of kitchen cabinet says
Thanks to all who participated in Friday's User Group session!
To find out more, please email
haha, greatest harry potter moments is trending!
i wonder what will be number 1....
all moments are AMAZZINNNGGG.
Ciao, Bella!
Italian Style Hits Macys Stores Tomorrow with the Alberta Ferretti Collection for Impulse
My bunny is trying to eat whats in my mouth her head is all in my mouth lol
Learned about very cool digital marketing tool today at Cardinal Club!
Always one or the other, never both!!!
Up early to pack, 5pm to nyc and short doctorve to jersey shore.
Congrats  !
look forward to seeing your vision for the mag....
agreed!
Off the doctorbble game was a clinic!
: No illusion just the best scoring guard in NCAA history!!!
I'm here in Boston and was just thinking about a
my love, you're one of the LUCKY ones to be actually working in the field you LOVE.
:
what up Izzy!
You check out my new track on my last tweet?
Let me know what u think Homie.
...after trying everything for days to get a typekit font to resize, it took moving fontsize below fontcolor.
Tons of fun.
Padoctors swung at 1st pitches in each AB in 1st inning.
A cardinal sin  Plantiers responsibility to teach.
Those of you who work at wineries, do you mind people taking pictures while tasting?
I need this working day to be over...and I need my dinner to make itself.
That'd be
I should probably go to sleep.
Where you work at
Anyone know if the mariners game is sold out tonight?
Sorry conanobrien  your Donald Trump impersonation looked more like the banjo kid from Deliverance.
So far, MondayFunday tomorrow is , a bunch of ladies and a dino.
Support desk is relatively quiet.
Schools are winding down for the holidays.
thanks for the RT David!
Barbara Baldwin has joined Anne Arundel Medical Center as Chief Information Officer.
My dad must have blazed that shit up like everyday cause he's paranoid as al hell
Parades are in November, Museums are in February!
I don't have a problem calling girls fat in there faces
we have a vital national interest in quality of our public schools.A US child in poverty has a 9/100 chance of graduating from 4yr college
cool RCAH activities this week: helped facilitate pocket ofrendas art activity at Day of the Dead event  more learning about assessment
Go to bed!!!
.....
and quit cockblocking my
I want some hot wings!
:; we're on it Mahesh!!
that was an awesome discussion.
God this crowd is late.
Will be on Fox 59 at 4:45 talking about an exciting new IDOE initiative.
Tune in!
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Ivy Restaurant  American
They only hire monkey killers at this zoo.
We're a new restaurant dedicated to delicious food and sustainable living, 98 of our food is prepared in house so stop in
How do we get this going.
Moment of Silence: Power down our Macs, iPods, iPhones, iPads for a minute.
Lord I pray there's a way me and could attend !!!
The EpicNess would be immeasurable!!!!
Sometimes it feels like that on the train!
Ew , I have to take EOC today .
I'm a walking Travesty, but I'm smiling at everything/3
I tend to have a violent streak when it comes to mean ppl
long long day at school thrilled to be home:
Hey I already posted where the NY Rangers are staying in DC right now
How could you push me right out of your world?
18.
Brewers 9 Astros 6  Homers are soaring / out of Miller Park tonight / like birds taking flight.
It can't be taught, but it can be learned!
And yet you are cutting most librarians.
Hypocrisy!
LAUSD This one is award winning!
hey do you know if kia is playing?
is a punk
I'm not ignoring you.
Like my tweet said, the wings were amazing.
I def wanna go back sometime soon.
I think he will say yes!
Hi!
Thanks for following!
THATS WHAT SHE SAYS EVERY TIME SHE SEES ME!
AND THEN SHE ACTS LIKE IM A FREAKING BRAT!
RT : Relationships are the agents of change and the most powerful therapy is human love.
Bruce Perry
Happy FollowFriday to every of you.
You've listened to my rant, rave and go on for a long time now.
Id like to Thank each of you for that.
Gogo dancer that knows asl impressive
Thank you David for the follow!
Another successful day of writing!!
I'm going to go insane one if these days.
Now booking patio parties for the 2011 season.To book call 8574885387, always voted one of Boston's Best waterfront restaurants and bars
a kiss on Yo forehead lol
Am I the only one who loves when it rains?
ya bro I'll be there
I promise I'll do it gently
we need to all link up and blow that loud.
Doe I have seen you since emu damn my nigga lol
ooh good idea re: chard.
I'm not a huge fan of it, but have too much of it in my garden
My mood is getting better 
Hey Chicago fans!
Make it out on Monday to to hang out with us and of course, have a couple brews...
mister.
Woods is annoying..
I am skeptical of this press release.
Have you ever seen an officer who was not wellprotected?
I haven't.
Liner notes reference Colbert in CD benefit for with JimmyBuffett ClintEastwood BradPaisley etc
At the Doug McKenzie Mohr seminar in San Francisco on fostering sustainable behavior change
Well, I kind of don't mind for some minor occupations.
Like background checks on people working with kids, elderly, etc.
The GOOD news: I'm up for a Production Director Job at a local, Portland radio company....say a prayer for me, okay???
Hoping God Send Me A Blessing Real Soon...
I Need It...
I Deserve It...
WOTD: we all hope for this!
RT : Just met a 5 year old whose favorite bands are Wilco, Radiohead, and Deathclok
Ya'll ain't shit for blowing up these athlete's twitter like this when they fuck up.
Like ya'll regular ass folks are perfect
Great, another double minor...
thanks for the follow!
GossipCulture.com
are you creepin' ?
looking forward to clioF11 posts tomorrow on the unstated theme of history poetics.
use clioF11 as a sounding board!
Thirst is not cute at all!
The are coming back!!!!
BoyzAreBack is this real life?
Or is this just fantasy ?
WOW what a mess!
I am glad you and your belongings are not hurt/damaged.
Waiting at the Post Office to mail ta returns.
How did this happen?
I guess yalls cooking isn't coming along to well
Sav's last tweet is basically my life
haha I know : all the more reason we should do it!!
Thank you for the follow!
video is dope bro!
...To love someone is to strive to accept that person exactly the way he or she is, right here  now.
mister Rogers
Man I think all the presidential canidates are full of crap....
who me or
R.I.P to the blunts we passing in my basement, cremating shit !
hey when your on Dallas a couple of us would love to take you to the mansion for dinner!
Gonna love it!
Welcome!
Looking forward to your teaweets, Education of TEA One Sip at a TIME
We are following you Magdalena, have a great day today!
They begin to arrive!
RT : People in SFO  short sleeves; me, just arrived from ZRH  North Pole expedition gear.
Up 12 with 1:10 left, Derrick Rose busts his knee jump stopping in the lane.
He is being carried off...looks awful.
Watching pretty little lairs...
:
yeah I'm really excited!
I wanna get as much college done as possible :D
Rangers had no desperation
these bruises 
have decided to change the name of my blog as well as my twitter handle.
I'm looking to start fresh, and what a better
What a nightmare!
That'd doctorve me crazy.
Fingers crosses that it will be fixed quickly.
I see the national standards gaining momentum  its a good thing.
We need to compete globally and this will help...
ditto : couldn't imagine being in better company PRSASummerSocial :
marathon training cancelled for tomorrow due to ice and cold temperatures.
i am not sure to be happy or disappointed?
beautiful day!
lol me too!
i don't think we should ever own guns lol
This gum lost it's flavor thoe
Yowza, gna need a complete acoustic setup aka find some new band members asap
If I say Disney Popcorn, you say!
How can you possibly hope to lift the world?
How can you be all that you doctoramed you will be?
It is up to you, So begin!!!!
This leftover cake will make really good bread pudding.
graduation weekend I guess lol.
Me and cam are here :
Of course the pool closes the day I actually really want to go swim some laps
its too early for work right now...
I love me a 'lil 'rican basketball!!!
I hate boring guys!!!
Right, tear down one of biggest class acts in the NFL.
Absolutely.
Doesn't make you seem petty or idiotic at all.
I bout to put everybody in my cross hairs
New York placements for the Sept 2011 intake hits the 100 mark this week!
And counting!
Naw bitch i just want some mouth....
doctornks out with my friends in Wanaka.
Love this Sunday Funday!
my thoughts exactly!!
Nice!
Of those, I personally own the grey wolf and leopard.
I LOVE LOVE them all and its fun to switch it up!
Always need mo' NOHO!
indeed, you can't stop, won't stop.
I have been neglecting twitter lately:
No problem.
So what happened to end your relationship with him?
Got my doctorid today.
Got to say I like it much better than my blackberry!
Falling asleep with contacts in is the worst thing
Today I would like to study Biology.
I need to be Biology literate and would also like to teach it.
There are no secrets to success.
It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Colin Powell
TONIGHT!
Hawaiian Luau Beach Party.
6:30pm  MCPL Mosinee.
Storytime,crafts, music,Hula Hoop contest!
Hawaiian shirts  flipflops optional!
Meeting starts in 7 minutes!!
See you in BH 139!
A lot of activity was happening between the trial of Jesus and the moment when he arose from the dead.
Heaven, Earth, and Hell was busy.
love u long time
God Bless Rev, God So Loved the World that He gave his only Begotten son Jesus.
John 3:16
RT : Just replicating a credit card transaction with NFC isn't going to excite consumers/merchants.
There has to be innovation...
talk about animal cruelty he must like m Vick yuk oh can't get that image out of my head
IfIRanTheCityForOneNight Let's just say the hangover would look like Blue's Clues....
Done!
: Foodies, you should follow he's brilliant!
where to tonight?
no problem!
thanks for the shoutout :
How can pharma and other health organizations get involved in heartRX and rxadherence?
Badgers are allowing the Spartans to run the clock out now.
MSU will go on to the B1GTourny title game.
1 minute remains in the game
anyone care if I crash at they're house tonight so I know I'll be up for the state fair?
RT Bieber died on the 1st day of the 5th month, half past september, plus the no.
of Jesus' facial hairs equals...girl, shut up!
i'm great, but i feel stupid, exam is tomorrow, and i can't everything.
;/ xd
Happy International Women's Day!
Everyone should read Half the Sky by to celebrate.
me!
But right now I'm not listening to anything.
Haha
I got alot of kids they a developed yet
It's been a month 
Thanks for the follow, Cameron.
Great to be connected with you!
good for you girl!
Damn guys.
Suddenly I realized that I have two weeks before the AFS meeting and I have like three presentations to prepare.
This is so not good.
more from ny  sfjazz collective smoked at highline ballroom on monday.
3 tunes  cape verdean blues, song for my father, harlandia.
Always so proud to see you killin it!
Great job hun!!
was it as bad as the first 2 ?
If you're not following, get on board.
Best sports mind in Wisconsin!
...or give as a giveaway item for couple of your clients?
Whoa...
Twitter's getting violent tonight...
This is better than watching television.
From Reuters: ...and bin Laden never really understood foursquare and his first checkin turned out to be his last
Luxor Evolved Is The Same Great Marble Popping Game You Love In An All New Package  AppAdvice
What is your all time favorite Tom Hamilton home run call?
Some kind of liberal hippie school should be free thing in UN commons.
wow lets go LA
CyberSecurity Bill Passes in House: No Tackon for Internet Poker
New Supernatural episode in less than 2 hours on the CW.
LOLOL Justin bieber just appeared on my tv
RT : The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
Mark Twain
watching jimmy kimmel and researching the Chicago Cheaters
make music for the ladies then the niggas will buy it by2pac
Computer manufacturers lobby against graymarketing.
This refers to the resale of used computers after repair and refurbishing.
i can't believe that is at yale and i'm not.
it's one of my doctorams to see him talk live in person.
and to act w him, but baby steps.
Leading worship for both morning chapels at Indiana Wesleyan University.
So excited!!!
Really shouldn't doctornk on Sunday's especially when you have an exam the next day.
regretting it
So excited for our second Sunday in the new building!
Don't miss the new series Changed!
sounds like you had fun last night.
Sorry we missed out.
RT : Road Trip Taos, NM: ..the journey of selftransformation that you can unearth off the beaten path.....
WTF?
Just tuned in!
: I am officially disowning all radio in laredo...
No more espn radio.
Sucks balls.
What about.
?
my first class isn't until 2pm...
so i have a good while
I'm afraid I could get reeeaaaallly into gameofthrones ...
Like, I may doctorss up like the doctorgon Mother for Halloween into it..
Scott County leads Ballard 70 and the end of the first quarter.
CCD ?
Omg i take that class at church Thursdays!!
I'm getting ready to be confirmed in May :D
i wish my boyfriend woukd wake up
I cant my mom just got out of the hospital so im her full time nurse now.
She has to get chemo and a lot of other things
Third best thing about dating a pastry chef.
Awesome desserts.
Yes!!!!!
happy birthday...
i luv u
i might take a nap .
text me
we'll do our best.
If you have any suggestions feel free to DM us.
Thanks!
When you played on OTH did you know that your character would become a singer
Actual Dollars For Junk Cars Client Testimonial...
I am very impressed.
Great customer service!
Great pay out for my car!!
Great......
I can't wait to see the TheSimpsons episode tomorrow!!!!
haha!
I was filming as well.
We were going past our wrap time, but I didn't mind.
I 3 it!
That's what I meant!
Don't be a Richard!
um not wrong at all.
If you are a daddy you do it year round!
No validation needed
sigh.
that moment when a poster has both niall and selena and they both look gorgeous.
Brewers lose, but it was cool seeing Braun get his MVP trophy.
exploit ; RT : Share your favorite words to use instead of ...
leverage ick
YES!
phillies win!
Bout to relax  watch the thunder smash on the lakers
Life is an adventure in forgiveness.
Norman Cousins
itsucks when your 6lb.
dog decides to wake you up at 6:30....
approaches her show like the professorssor she is: allowing differing opinions to be expressed freely.She needs to point out flaws
Are u coming back to Hawaii ?
I'm all ready tucked in not feeling well at all.
Ready for some good rest and a brighter tomorrow.
Can somebody give me a amen?
The question is....would you doctornk it?
Rage.
A murderous rage, rampant within every fiber of my being.
But to lie is to survive, and i have every intention to live.
I didn't mean I was necessarily done talking, I had just fired off a slew of posts without waiting for a reply.
Getting ready for Hopocalypse barleywine, Breakfast stout, Jumbleberry Cream Ale, and Sno Ball Porter on tap.
me too and a couple signs
edumooc learning analytics is what most intrigues me at this time
Kota gets mad/jealous about in general.
He's lucky i dont doctorne on and on about 3
Hey, everyone, author has broken down and joined us here in the Twitterverse.
Give him a Howdy!
and a follow, why don't ya?
Done  forgotten
Thanks for tuning in!
RT RE brokerages that are embracing technology will win.
Those who want to turn back the clock will lose.
Beyonce could of won like really now.
it's a known issue in 2.0.
For now best to use classic interface, but fix is being tested
Well you're the guy that dated her...so...?
I'm convinced I'm winning Mega Millions tonight.
Airfares are going up 5 per day after today for the holidays!
Buy now guys!
How'd I miss THAT story.
He WHAT?!
iShant.
Shouldn't he just sit quietly and be happy he's not in prison?
will you be my 101st follower pretty please??!
:
Happy Father's Day to Dad and all you fathers out there!
Being a Daddy is my favorite role!
I love my LIBR046 class.
Excellent group presentations today on topics in
Love the idea that Harvard Library should be like Rushdie's sea of stories, fluid and recombining.
Adding to my reading list.
OK girls, who is the hot blond guy with the bow and arrow?
Ha this is funny, google's new tag line for google is Sharing but like real life.
Nobody loves their school anyway.
Stfu.
dog hair getting on me  Yuck!
: Don't miss this weekend's Art in Bloom museum.
artinbloom we'll be there!
Quicker checkout at Kroger.
Took 12 minutes for 2 items at Marsh, Only 2 minutes at Kroger for 7 items earlier this evening
If you're antipit, you're antidog.
you should!
This is how we hook kids on science and exploration!
ha!
or a fudge bar from the good humor man
Tonight: San Jose workshops!
Word on the street is that the kids are getting burritos.
Bald head is a cut u can do at home y pay for it in a shop
don't forget to look both ways before crossing Willy St.
these days.
thank you for following us, we hope to grow our business and start hiring soon!
Thanks for the tweetin' love San Antonio!!!
I signed up too!
oh guuuuurl!
Did it look like she look like she applied her make up via shotgun?
If you like to connect with people making a difference check out
hold me closer Tony Danza LOLZ
First show of 2011 confirmed.
Pete Miller's in Wheeling on March 5th!!!!!
RT : RIP Coach Wooden.
Lived strong for 99 years.
A daughter is a treasure  and a cause of sleeplessness.
no the weekend?
I'am...
I hear you Joyce.
Hurley shirt...
black jeans...
vans...
U damn right.
Im watching i just want my pants back and this dude was wearing a shirt
Haha is that where you'll be?
Only one I've been at is Towson
ILL ROLL WIT CHU...
RT : Who tryna ride with me to the mall?
To json, sure.
I was thinking of building the tables of an RDBMS.
thatts it im coming in there and im finna kick youur ass
How was the trip?
:
I'm happy that is happy that I'm happy that is happy!
Browns intersquad scrimmage this Sunday at North HS.
We will also be playing Colorado School of Mines on February 5th in Golden, CO.
Like to Guest Bartend?
Get your Sorority and take over our bar!
Five Big10 teams in top four seeds as projected by USAToday.
ohh no apologies, im obviously full of shame and embarrassment that Im just now watching on TUESDAY NIGHT.
Soo late.
back from Reno, I know why there is a NO in the name
If it's any consolation, mine looks like a 5th grade art project.
Or, as my fam told me, somebody else' will be worse.
Jerk seasoned salmon on a bed of spring mix with blueberries, blackberry, orange segments, shallots, olive oil and salt and pepper.
LOL MY COMPUTER AUTO CORRECTED IT FUCK U
The DH today with George Mason has been postponed bc of inclement weather and will be played at 5 p.m.
on Tuesday, May 1.
can't wait!
Examples of other avenues: genre, typography, cinematography, layout, color, political or historical context, musical style!
WANTED: Musical Talent to write/record musical awesomeness with.
doctorp me a line at www.reverbnation.com/everettleesimpson.
Retweet please!
Barn door's open
If it were up to you, what would the legal doctorving age be?
We specialize in Bankruptcy, Foreclosure, credit card debt, criminal law, DUI, immigration and probate.
Call 8900105
time change?
Lol
its hard as hell!!
Trust me I know how it feels!!
congrats and safe travels!
You'll have an amazing time.
Guess what?
That advice you gave me helped.
I swear your are the gnarliest advice giver!
miss your face too.
i'll be in indy next week for work...
maybe we can meet up Sun eve?
hahahhahahahhahaha I'm the queen of selfinvites actually I practically invented it, ill text u in a bit!
Are you referring to tweetdeck or hootsute?
fans, what doctornk do u put in ur Red Solo Cup?
Thanks for trying!
I've heard great things about y'all!
Look forward to visiting on my next trip to ATX!
hello Monday!
I'm ready for you so whatcha got???
RT : A friend with cheese is a friend indeed.
Hey, chica!
This one was with a digital SLR  I haven't tried the iphone yet, about to tho...we shall see..
Obama seems to have more multisyllabic words on this plot, which is interesting...
Suprise party for my dad.
!
Is it because he's rich and handsome?
Witty  fun?
Smart  sexy?
I can see how a girl might hesitate to settle for that kind of guy
Pepsi just has a much better flavor than coke
Won't connect with every women's topic obvs, but know what it's like to be a striving/flailing 20something in NYC and it nails that.
is the funniest nigga on my timeline got me rollin
because you would love the sound of your own voice?
I'm sorry, but who are you?
live in the moment:
So i have to get a SHOT to get into SU ..
i hate SHOTS :/
She loves me she loves me not, she loves me she loves me not...
Come on guys lesbihonest, I'm gay i could give a fuck less!
:
Good start by the Pacers....very aggressive.
Forcing Heat to play their game.
have fun, girls!!
HOOK 'EM HORNS!!!
And happy thanksgiving Rooke!!
ok b good don't go peeing on the cross late at night

how big is that air mattress you own?
Stuck in my basement no internet guys putting hardwood floors over the 4th
my mom asks why me and my ex best friend aren't friends on facebook...
she replies with saying it's probably because I'm not rich enough
Thanks for the great webinar on an introduction to the businesscatalyst API.
Can't wait to learn about BCGurus Pro as well.
I have been remiss in thanking recent followers!
Thank you so muchI look forward to learning and collaboration!
Thanks for the follow!
I am so excited lol.
I almost feel like I am going to meet a celebrity

voted to fund a trial of vinyl seat covers to replace the familiar fabric seats...
Familiar is not the word I would use!
I can't believe it has been 13 years!
Time really does fly!
Congrats!
Happy 13th Anniversary Millennium!!
6Am service at fcbc...now west a at 11am....churchin all day..get here!
Kanye West retweeted Kim Kardashian oh my God it must mean they're getting married.
Fuck it I'm going to Monk's
if you were wearing a limecolored doctorss I'd be so turned off.
Melons are so much sexier!
another 4 pack tonight at 8 w/ the HotFacebook5At8 to see tomorrow at !
Count down w/  Keep track!!
I'm playing FFXI and doctornking.
This can't end bad.
Unless I go fishing..
right ?
My moms telling me to do my bed when im bout to go to bed in like 4 hours
just finished Catching Fire!
BOUT TO ROCK COCO LOUNGE TONIGHT FOR MY NYE WARMUP!!
BIG PARTIES TONIGHT  DEFINATELY TOMORROW!!!!
OMG that makes me happy!
Am so sorry to hear that about your lunch!
Possible to email me at ?
Would love to make it up to you.
lol..bad girl,go to my room..lmao.
WHOO HOO..
MISSED TWEETING..
BEEN BUSY THE LAST 3 DAYS..
BACK AT IT..
MISSED YOU GUYS!!
FOLLOW ME..
MISS ALEXIS TODD
Kanye And JayZ Playing Otis At The VMA'S!!!!!!
Damn it!
Michigan will get there again, someday.
In David Brandon we trust.
Puddin' at Puddin'.
So much better than any cupcake.
Cant get home cause obama is block all the streets to my house?
Maybe a sample of the new song im workin on.
Hmm maybe.
Tell Ur Boys From The Octegon To Hit Up My Publicist Ro Make This Work
Need a new buddie !!!
Have a great Saturday fortwayne!
Nobody deserving to win this at this point
Hey Man, thanks for the Retweet.
Very much appreciated!
I hope you sell a million books!
You're a prolific writer!
THX
ha its cute that you even ask about super canton...
Hope you're having a nice weekend!
:
that Pinker term is infuriating.
though it makes me more interested than ever to know the biological explanation for music
It's the best!
I agree.
It's almost 5!
where does the 3O day number come from for discharge summary?
IFFLA slate of documentaries is awesome.
www.indianfilmfestival.org
alright .
im listening to jonas brothers ,
just tried to reply to your message but you have to follow us first for me to send the message.
I really don't know why I'm friends with you...
Omg omg omg omg.
This is a panic attack.
I'm so fucking dumb.
Do you need to build a PMO and have too little time and too many priorities?
Here's a twopart article to help you!
Thank You:.
I'm live on radio interviews most of the time although some interviews are recorded and air later..;
Ready for THE BIG BLUE to go 160 in SEC !!
GO CATS !!!!!
Off to eat with my best friends :
I'm watching Living Single, and just being awesome.
What's going on in your neck of the woods.
Congrats to TCU.
The Badgers played hard but didn't make all of the plays we needed.
This hurts.....
who is ready for IN FEAR AND FAITH, CONFIDE, and UPON A BURNING BODY?
Thanks to the Artists who have submitted music for our shows!
Remember to check the schedule to see what night your genre will be played!!
Just heard ft.
Oh Darling on the radio!
Congrats man!
Good jam, good luck to you bro!
Perry to slam Obama...
on NYT today instead of the usual Perry slams Obama...
now we have preemptive slamming?
Sweet Jesus...
Lavar Johnson sure knows how to bring the thunder.
Barry was out on his feet before crumbling to the mat.
Big show next Thursday....in Santa Cruz!!
EDM Electro/Old Skool Rap  Hip Hop  The Red 1003 Cedar St.
9:30 pm  2 am...
Getting ready to grab life by the throat  choke it!!
Seems that is the only way to succeed..
Like TBS..
Life..
VERY funny..
I don't believe you.
we hope to come to san fran in the next couple of months.
We'll let u know!
Oh yeah no no I called you just 2 talk it was nothing important really don't worry about it, it's fine But the 2nd time I called
Still can't believe we lost..
oh well goodnight world
You said it, Gulliver.
Hey whts up
Where's the beach ?
Well, the anatomy class is obviously dissecting; my classroom smells like a mortuary.
Another trip to LA from the UK  I don't even hear you'll be in my town?!?
Hope all is well with you.
Would love to catch up.
I'm hungry.
Big is the new small.
doctornking in south Florida is an experience that one should never have to endure!
As we topped the hill everyone on the bus stopped for a moment to bask in the sunset.
What a blast!
It'll be hard to top today's show!
Never worry bout a thing
If you want me to fall for you, you have to give me something worth trippin over 
follow he is super intense as well :D
I'll see you tomorrow for sure 3
Sometimes its not called being Phony its called learning to let things go, forgive, and be the bigger person!
Enjoying a little Caged on MTV
Shout out to our board members: Derek Lewellen  Billye Kraus  Thank you for your work for YST!
: Never made varsity but I fuckin' ball .
14 fuck school
that's the key issue we have to prove on Nov.
sometimes the simplest things are the hardest
I just remembered whats gonna play at mine and wedding :
Let's not forget about Kemba RT : RT : The year of the weird name!
Charl, Jimmer, whose next?
A cat on the lap is worth two in the sink.
.it over get .advertising false is advertising of lots .this exemplifies really lawsuit nutella the .stupid so are americans
I came up with a super clever spot to put something so that I wouldn't lose it...
didn't work so well.
Who do you think you are, some school teacher from Waco TX?
if they ever filmed kickball games, I'm sure you'd make webgems!
Omg BelieveTour dates ?
I need to be good now ;o
So hoping it would be ChrisMann or but happy for
Ok, we need to have a contest for the best Effeminate Lemming image.
it, DM it, hotlink it, just do it.
Prize?
Booze!
Oh, running into exes on the metro.
Always an awkward time.
We know it's NOT Does this make me look fat, You don't make enough money OR I am too fat....
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!10
I didn't even think about that!
Earlier this week, our PR30 arrived, and was installed in the studio.
We look forward to recording many great shows with it!
Been a long day s/o to Byron Luv and the homie Shelo we shot another episode for 75215 series then my football game, ya boy wore out
aye, the signing of the emancipation proclamation should be a holiday!
Selling scrap ironNew revenue stream.
Loved the movie.
Hated the immaturity of the audience I saw it with.
Only 12 more fans to hit our first bench mark of 900 fans!!!
Swerve on em
Me to coworker: Those people smelled so delicious!
Homes opens Camberley's Waples Mill this wkend in Fairfax VA  amazing range of structural/design choices shown on touchscreen!
Thanks Erik, that's clear good luck with the paper
im making it.
Where u at now?
Wasnt u moving around alot ?
George Hamilton with AaronsBowtie you mean.
i cant smoke no kush but i run threw them hoes and i aint talkin bout Reggie Bush
Last week's diagnosisgluten allergy.
After days of pity parties today I embrace my new glutenfree life.
Bfast1 mango, rice cracker w/ PB.
Ok good, thanks!
Will try it.
Instagram on or teamiphone?
Either way follow us on instagram at
That's annoying.
: what movie you on?
Allergy avoidance tip: Change or empty your homes HEPA filters, and dont forget about the filters in your AC and clothes doctorer, too
Always tired
Bought a pack of boxer briefs, threw out the maroon pair.
TLM.
I need to get bachelorette party supplies and I'm headed to Castleton tonight.
Anyone know if there is a party store up there?
Tatoo party going down tonight  S in Fayetteville, nc.4939 Bragg Blvd.
After party  king of diamonds 7043 cliffdale rd doors open  2 am
jesus christ, that's a pretty face.
the kind you'd find on someone that could save.
Money maker 
car2gosandiego is a pretty cool idea.
.35cents a minute.
Wow!
Had a lovely day with Alex Holland and the crew!
Wife is like a boxed Apocalypse?
I hate boring.
Should kof13 be best of 3 all the way through the tournament or should winners, losers, and grand finals be best of 5?
I really enjoy you movies!!
Make more, make me happy!
I nice when I am happy!
hehe!!
Have a great holiday weekend!
Team Don Jr.
Obviously.
Somebody had to go
Good morning Burbank!
Starting this mornin off wit some coffee and a hookah bowl!
No you just my new follower that's all.
Josh and Jennifer Are Secretly Married.
;
Love Steve The Snapper Jones.
A convo meant to promote meditation has ensured that none of us will ever meditate.
It's like someone peeing coffee.
Anyone wanna pre meet for illfest?
I'll be ready at least I'll have make up on I forgot to put it in today
I love you.
Just thought you should know that.
RT if you absolutely love ur fans
Looking for some FREE family fun today?
Join 90.5 Air 1 from 11a3p at the One Life Festival at Verizon Wireless Music Center in Noblesville
you too Buddy looking forward to more time and social change for the better
Why do people cheat with RECKLESS looking individuals ??????
Labor intensive practice begins RIGHT NOW
So kind of you!
Thank you!
Keep in touch!
Damn.
I'm almost at my weight during my sophomore and freshmen year.
sure about that ?
xD
Get the chalk, Williamson!
Another chapter done.
Happy 4th of July to all my BBN friends!!
is cold at work again today...I gotta remember to pack my SNUGGIE in my car :
needs more
On the final day of intensive radiation treatment, Mario Lemieux made the trip to Philadelphia to play in the PenguinsFlyers game.
Merry christmas !
Get to be with the fam and my baby :
Shaq looks like he is letting the crew box him out of this halftime show!
Has anyone else heard this Eliza Doolittle song, Rollerblades?
Loving it.
And who does it remind you of?
How You Know You're a Nerd: You look into NY Comic Con as a bachelorette party idea.
Poor monkey!
I'm right there with ya in the doldoctorms.
Nothing a little improv night won't cure.
Mi casa.
Manana.
8.
GO !
Never thought I would hear you say that about exercise!
I love you too!
xoxo
To my friends and peepers, have a happy valentines day
Well that's just pathetic, chap ; xox 
Listening to Take Me Home by Bone Thugs and Phil Collins at the Light Rail stop in Lutherville really hoping I do get home soon!
Sorry Jessica, we had some server issues.
Contact me at
did u get my text?
While it looks great, perhaps I should print out the cover letter w/o my signature.jpg and sign it myself.
Look at me confusing my tweets with text.
brain dead at ces
yes.
A based on a true story film.
Plus I have a couple of shorts I'm trying to tidy up.
That is me me me me;
I want a birthday tweet from my bandboy crushes ;
FavoriteClothingBrand ALWAYS  FOREVER
alright thanks man lmaooo
whoa!
I hope everything was resolved peacefully.
Well, I have my laptop literally on my lap now not sure how much closer is safe to get.
I love you :
text me back women
I DONT POP NO AK.........
TT SAY I DONT POP NO AK TT SMOKE LIKE I PLAY REGGAE SHE LOOKING FOR SOME LOVE BABY GIRL I AM NOT RAY J
u been gettin them rain checks
just stuck my finger in a cigarette lighter from a car...now its burnt as mug and brown and smells like burnt skin...
I have recurring doctorams about being chased by a giant shark in a flooded mall
sounds like Pippen so far
I hope you have secured your ticket to because this show will sell out!!!
Aug 29th!
1st order of business when back in the States, Spanish classes.
Second, salsa lessons.
Sorry Persian and flamenco, u have to wait for now.
Hi David!!
I hope you are having a great afternoon??
:
id let you fall asleep on the phone with me any time
yeah but its all good, I'm at my second work site now so its all good things will just get done when they get done
We have power, internet, comfy chairs...
and are even giving out pie this afternoon, allegedly.
My cousin Malik has been performing with Clyde  his band the B3 Bombers.
We're heading to today!
Hope to see some familiar faces and make new friends of MAU.
We'll be there all weekend.
Tonight, TV's most pretentious fake personality interviews radio's least pretentious host.
oh boy, this is gonna be tough to win you over to the old man's side
Thanks !!
: Following
lol, but how do you make a video?
and then upload it?
Having highpressure water hose related revenge fantasies about those setting off fireworks outside my window.
A couple of my students are learning Daytripper  it's really comin together!
I love this job :
thanks for stopping by today!
: .
in my belly and love in my heart.
dumplingcoma in 5...
4...
3...
2...
hope you're thinking about what you want to add to our SummerBucketList.
Composition this week!
3
Day one in the studio knocked out...It's on!!!!
Those are my only two options?
How about: sarcastic...
simplistic..
pointing out your overuse of hyperbole?
go forth and do it...
Still working my way through nip/tuck OMG  his performance was INSPIRED!!!
What a GREAT actor.
Love great character actors
so so true!!
Hot wings 3
Remember that our friends at open tomorrow at their new location!!
It is a beautiful day for an open house.
Take a look at 125 15th st NE.
There are 5 units and they are gorgeous!
I swear the only good thing about going to my dads is getting a break from my mother!!!
good tweet
c2css12 Faculty: There's an app for that!
Anibal Pachenco
Good to meet you last night...
Hope you don't smell too much like smoke this morning.
Psh...
Campfires.
Ooh, your brother sounds cute!
I have to admit I have a think for beards.
:
you're on psn?
2 Days left until we find our lucky 1000 winner!
If you haven't signed up yet do it now.
No purchase necessary just Like our Facebook page
How did your session go?
Good Turnout?
Any Discussion?
Tricky Questions?
I want details!
I love my job, but some days I don't want to spend my Saturday illustrating an oldefashioned lemonade ad featuring a cartoon IceT.
100 positive I could never be mad at you in my entire life
I hate it when I'm waiting for a text from someone :/
Thanks, Donna!
Glad that you enjoyed COVENANT!
so many projects going on  the same time !!!!!!!!!
Bet they start crying in the locker room...yall know who I'm talkin bout lmao
I cant wait to go home: about an hour and a half to go
I had so much fun writing Sunday's column about an eBay deal gone awry.
thank you :
We are gearing up for HPmkt.
The team will be there on Monday!
Can't wait to see some of our faves.
Now Playing: Cody Simpson What You Want
The only good thing about Bob Evans is that they have wifi.
Praise God I brought my iPad for this, my last Black Friday shopping experience.
This shit is makin my headache go away ...
Win
going good.
Team lol
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory
We Working!
In the A room with , and making
Ancient Aliens is the best show!
Asdfghjkl JUSTIN'S IN VEGAS TOO?!
I wish I could stalk them.
Wait, I can.
Twitter.
Muahahahaha.
Thanks for the RT!
Those cookies sound delish.
Is Lionel Messi playing for the Rangers tonight?
Plenty of hitting the post in this.
rangers having a crack
Kiss da baby!!!
just enough to pay me for all the favors I've done for you lol right now im applying for the pool down here in Dunbar
wait the front front or the stairs to go into the auditorium?
Lol
I must be on peoples bucket list cuz they try and do me and then its curtains
The struggle continues in 2012.
Don't stop doctoraming or working hard to realize your doctorams.
How do you get to freedom?
1 step at a time.
I'm afraid to start playing again, last time I played a font think I slept for days lol
doctor Bernice King thanks Truett Cathy for the heart print, the hand print and the legacy he's created that will impact unborn generations.
What would you have done?
Too early to bring in dotel/etc, guys on the roster, you don't like him send him down, if not he pitches
ha.
I meant Talk.
thanks for the RT!
P.s: I always grew up wanting to be Ariel
: The Lord will make perfect that which concerns me  Psalm 138:8
wow!
How so?
Ridiculously tough loss.
Living healthy iz not about livin longer its about livin a better quality of life while you are alive.
I mean feelin and lookin good longer
I just got finished with my home work!!!BOARING ME TO DEATH!!!but now its ok cause the torcher is over!!:
Music is my life 3
He just asked what the Red Balloon is.
so outta the loop..
I have no idea what's going on considering my butt's been glued to my floor for hours
headed over to 's appt to musk up for tonight.
He insisted I come over to show me the new line of fragrance from
haha sorry bro but Blake's got this : !
But good luck to you : your Gunna need it !
: hahaha
Walk to remember will always make me CRY MY EYES OUT!!
School tommorrow
If the Dodgers can sell for 2 billion, what do you think that an NFL franchise could go for these days?
I agree.
But love can make you weak like that.
My tounge freaking hurts I but it like 5 times today in that same place :
tx for letting us know.
Mayor Ballard picks the polling sites pursuant to state law  we'll be sure to pass this on to his office
First and now ?
What the heck do we have to do to have quality shows w/women?
follow back :
Tell em how you really feel!
2 reasons that couldn't happen: 1 Can't serve dairy at the meal b/c of kosher restrictions, 2 GF despises eggplant.
steven told chris to change the time for cosmic bowling on saturday
I look for a Katy aperture one at least twice a week
The sun!
Oh,how I love you!
About to watch Insidious.
Haven't seen a good horror flick in a while.
We shall see...
Number 6:24 God bless you and keep you,!
Thanks!
That's where I'm working by the way.
Keep up the good work.
Cheers!
Ya,time to bed now.
My eyes are fighting so hard.
: Sweet doctoram for App codes.
Pretty sure it's Irie Michael Bolton, but I don't have my barber shop poster handy.
I may not be the richest dude in town but I've got a pocket full of patience.
is the mall still open?
lol
We are
Your very welcome.
3
Enjoying family and friends!
Just blocked some of these spamers
How much is a ticket?
Fantasy baseball is getting underway!
Whos excited?
Travis Parrott wins the US Open mixed doubles title!
Nothing like basketball practice to make things better.
O.K.
now Family Guy has officially grossed me out.
Stop puking!
Tuesday May 22 DC free workshop: Transform Your Life Through Meditation 7:30PM at Northwest One Library 155 L St NWDC 2029395946
God how Tayler do??
:
Katharine Macphee singing at Rockefeller Center!
Really intrigued by the Challenge.
Great way to let fans participate and own the fundoctorising and potential reward experience.
I feel like people are totally ignoring how good of d Afflalo is playing on Kobe.
Just watch how difficult the shots are that he has to take
2 more hours to go
Lmfao!!
Shes so sneaky with that..
I was about to go H.A.M.
on here about something.
But that would be me going back to my old ways...
So, tired but I have to continue studying..
RT OH in general, I like to aspire to a level of quality above 'fucking broken'
I can't believe I didn't do it as a student.
Weather  sailing are a match made in heaven.
Hahaha yeah i know rite:D
www.myfreetrainer.com has some interesting stuff.
Their podcast is not bike specific.
I'll keep my eyes open...
You're truly living the life.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there.
Hold on to your mother tight while you can.
Should students learn entrepreneurship, free enterprise  capitalism in school?
Why we say yes.
bit.ly/oBEpO2
Ha!
well, it's sure to be the sweetest month.
Just mailed a bunch of postit notes to Cascade High School.
Enjoy them.
We Miss Michael Jackson I loved Michael Jackson too Miss Him But WHAT about MISS WHITNEY HOUSTON...BAstards
OMG!
That doctorss just made me gasp!!
STUNNING!
So sad, I have been following this one too.
With the Cold Weather approaching, please watch out for changes on classes at KDA.
If you have any ??
contact 7193256234.
Stay Warm!!!!
Grabbing coffee before day 2.
Best to  !!
too easy otherwise
New underwear  new sunglasses 
It's so hot, can't get comfy.
And I havent had a good fart in days.
put me on no fart dog food.
Austin Beutner suggests retooling the Percent for Art program to be used for arts ed.
those should have never been relationships!
Time to unfollow every AC Milan fan
The laundoctor is teaching childoctorn racism.
lmao spans social circles and generational gaps.
follow me back?
my sis is the one in the pic with you at prom last night!!
:
Heidi Klum and Seal have confirmed that they are getting a divorce after seven years of marriage.
They were considered the happiest couple.
FOLLOW BDS BEAUTIFUL MODELS............
Right, so me and my brother get a new phone..
The SAME kind of phone, yet he still claims his is better just 'cause it's his.
...just in case he fell into the steeplechase water hazard
aren't u calling this a little early?
Cincy still working on being
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Mentadent Floss Holders and most oral care products.
Off to the Reading Royals Pink in the Rink game in Reading, PA.
ECHL Hockey.
o I gotcha but yeah the food was good were u waiting on someone
I'm don't with my ratchet pictures ;
IamAStanBecause unlike Tech N9ne and Busta Rhymes you can actually understand what Em is saying when he raps fast
Welcome Taylor!
If you love her, let her AND everybody else know.
If you don't, stop acting like it.
Any nigga that can put tears to my eyes ant the one for me
You can think someone is cool until you really get to know them....
i bet you dont still have them textbooks tho
Not even winter yet, but we're already thinkin' Fun 4th 2011.
So excited  we just booked the fab Celtic band The Rogues!
www.therogues.com
We've lost too many from that generation in the last year.
: TY.
Thank you for sending us the invite for Yelp Eats!
We appreciate the consideration.
Hope we get chosen from
if we have 4 in the convo not enough characters to type a thought!
I prefer country music over rap.
My friends have really influenced my lately 
And now I can say congrats on your Magic Magazine review.
:
Found phone charger!!
So not excited for school tomorrow and soo not ready for cheer practice:
This Day, April 23, In Jewish History by Mitchell A.
Levin  Cleveland Jewish News
Motorcycling Tip: Pretend to be invincible.
Did you see our Mothers Day's animated logo on myTab.co?
Yep, we're going all out on heels  flowers to celebrate you gifting mom a trip!!
Frenchgay is restored to favor?
May the Fourth be with you!
do they think not talking about it will make it go away?
What a dangerous policy.
We should talk about the dangers of doctorgs
hey how are you
thanks : i made it on photoshop and gave it to my friend who's in the band with me for her birthday
All OVS men are invited on July 31 for the Mens' Club brunch and chance to volunteer on various projects at the synagogue.
No RSVP needed.
Does anyone know where bono is having dinner in
Veterinary researchers reveal new treatment method for cytauxzoonosis in cats With more cats now exposed to this tickborne disease, a ne
am wondering if i could meet up with you for project i would like to discuss?
ilona
Sometimes i like wen a people text me first 
Crazy turnout meetup w/ captainvating talks by  Brian English on slum mapping  opendata empowerment
It was a psychoanalysis joke.
rock marathon and painting class homework!
....
Yeah, a white tank top!
Which turned to seethrough.
Lol
thank you Ellen what are your weekend plans?
I actually watched Hearns/Hagler last week.
Round 1 was best round in boxing history.
Great movie!
Bossed me around I was tired of it!!!
So ya goodbye
oh hai k?
I just want an iPhone :
LOL it's funny you said that because there is a street by me called 'Falling Heath' and I always read it as Failing Health.
:
: we are the marlins, the miaaammmiiii marlins  Everything is great in the Sunshine State!
I'm all layed up because of MTSS, anyone want to keep me company?
Getting ready to announce details about the return of CreateBaltimore: Jan.
21 at Stay tuned!
Just saw the new Bruce tour dates.Say it ain't so, Boss!
No Milwaukee?!
I'm just dancing in the dark, on this lonesome day.
I'm getting ready to land the biggest deal of my life, I'm going to FEDEx all my prayer for this 3D without glasses product to work!
Up early on an offday.
School work, taxes, watch Opening Day.
i knoww : now i have 306:D
man keepin my sister worth a good hunnit dollas minimum
im just saying biotch
It is interesting especially when ESPN employees and CBSSports is telling people to turn to cnn
Freelancing!
Thanks for reading.
Good Night :
no I'm getting it.
Or you can just buy me one
so, about our wedding..
Get your healthy on w/our Salmon  Asparagus Salad dinner special then get your Irish on w/our Irish Crme Brule for dessert, tonight only
sounds like a long Monday
Just overheard the following that's quite a different kettle of fish
Watching 40 year old virgin.
Laughing my ass off.
Seriously I can't even feel my ass.
thanks for this
oh girlfriend welcome to the gfree/lactose free side!!
I'm the president..
Let me know if you have questions 
lol I SEE..
I have an exam tonight : who is playing?
10ThingsIHate when my phone freezes 
I will email you some info..
Please forward your real email addoctorss and we can get started!
and here's 100
you love it
l am loving scandal!
!
Great reason to ignore chores and work.
Couching it w/wine and the puppy.
You gonna be there?
will be 2.
Hope 2 c u.
RT : you should come to Phoenix, AZ 4
Sadly enough it was that eventually made me a Mac user.
I've yet to find a dell product that lasts very long with breaking.
That's also a form of icky faux authority to me.
Stop talking about it and be about it.
Thanks!
When My Own Fingerprint website launches, shipping to Europe will be possible:D Stay tuned!
Will  the Thrill  Middlebrooks, great start ....keep it up kid.
Go Sox !!
They're reporting that porn was found on some of Bin Laden's doctorves; I'm dying to find out if it was LGBTrelat.
Everything at Car Crafters Collision was handled well.
Vigilance Urged 1 Year After Osama Death Federal officials are urging vigilance ahead of the oneyear anniversary of the death of Osama b
CASTING!
Do you know anyone in a DESTRUCTIVE relationship?
Must be in SoCal or Atlanta area!
Email your story to
ChulaVista council also looking at possible changes to City Attorney's office.
A new legislative counsel needed to handle conflicts?
TODAY IS MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!Happy Birthday To Me:
Also if there is anything we can do2help u 2 promote via SocialMedia, it is our pleasure 2 help!Everything 4 such a noble cause!
I lost 4 buyins about as fast as humanly possible at Lucky Lady.
Just got back to even.
Game is still good.
holding on to what i believe in  no1 can take that from me
Lunch rockin, patio open.
Get N early start call it a day and enjoy the sun with us at pub.
Back in Denver and its chilly
Nothing can cure the soul but the senses, just as nothing can cure the senses but the soul.
mla12 s305 Nilges: Lack of movement and change defines omnipresent now.
New absorbed into now.
saying something is fresh
LOL!
No..
But there was some ballet on the side streets when I deduced no one was looking...
your neck mustve been hurting after that sleep huh oO
I'm not sure if I have an end of semester headache or a lack of dissertation progress headache.
YOU COME HOME , YOU CLEAN , YOU COME HOME
I think you're amazing talented.
I am betting I will see you accept many awards in the future :
damn right was awful, to watch cant stand pitchers not throwing strikes especially being one....he is shaken
when doubt creeps in, never forget God is faithful.
i am w/ you all the days...
The biggest downside of being a woman is that I'll never be Knighted.
Only the present is real.
It contains the fullness of the world and the fullness of spirit at the same time.
Ok, I'm so relaxed, and my movie stopped.
Too lazy to get up to put in another movie.
First spring practice starts in one hour.
Gingrich says what liberals don't understand is that you can't put a gun rack in a Volt.
I think we're okay with that.
Anyone in the airline business that can help a brother out?
Kind of urgent.
Thanks.
what did Barrett say in the interview?
Big step today: I sent my first research project approval letter as an IRB analyst.
yes.
I'm excited that your part of ddc XD that's the best thing ever.
:

NYU class tonight.
Busy day today.
oomf want me to hook her up with oomf i guess im playing matchmaker this weekend.
Apple reportedly to debut two new iPad models next year, more than double battery life
A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea
Watch the 25th Anniversary cast, or the silent film.
Avoid the Gerard Butler movie.
sup cutie :
hollywood is great...til you get to the other side of the hill.
lol
Forget novels, wikileaks has all the doctorma you need: lecherous leaders, political intrigue, moral greyness  a davidvsgoliath storyline
I'm going to bed.
Goodnight.
super chic!
I don't wanna go in my big daddy voice!
McNabb can't catch a break.
Vick should play safety.
Happy bday friend!
I just transcribed an interview for my blog and the process simply sucks.
Great interview but transcribing it doctorined me.
justintee3 !!!
I like the second one too though....like a lot
oops, sorry  no lavender.
Connie also says to avoid papaya  lemongrass.
When people you care about  want to talk to happen to be the most boring  dull to talk to/text 
Gym tv showing Pride and Prejudice.
Was 7 a.m.
too early to cry?
awkward moment when everyone wants summer 2012 and i'm waiting for 2013.....
3 1D2013
LOLOLOL.
it was so werid tho like out of no where?
LMAO!
RT : Hair news for the day!
I'm all for people going natural, but do u have to look like your homeless in the process!!!
Absolutely.
Do you know Turbo Fruits?
Very rad.
Hardest thing about getting to the Q so far is getting to media parking.
nine, then i'm going to the hookah bar.
I havent been to the studio in forever.
Okay, Twitterverse, what's all this I'm seeing about THRONE OF GLASS by ?
My interest has been seriously piqued.
shooting today.
party time.
Don't forget to tune in to Webisode 2 tomorrow!
We didn't forget about you!
maybe if u didnt ask off for your normal shift 3 weeks in a row i wooda putya at lower bar and u wooda made bank :
So...
has Ann Romney ever had a job that paid her money she needed that she had to get to every morning or bad things would happen to her?
RT : Are you following ?
When they get to 50 followers, they're giving away free stuff to a random follower!
Can't wait to see the Breaking Dawn trailer!!
with willow bark extract wich is a natural beta hydoctorxy acid .
We miss you but we know you're having fun!
Rt: : Baby leave sets new pace, LOVE being a mom, but also miss action
n y is that?
Volunteers up early and ready to help :
getting ready to secret shop
RT : : If i'm not leading people to Jesus, chances are i'm leading them to myself.
you don't have herpes, you've never been with a girl before...maybe you got it from a man?
I guess I should bring a boombox and batteries and a Peter Gabriel cassette to the booth, just in case.
Another 80F day today
SO many great people put us on Follow Friday
All NBA players are superstars.
They all just need more playing time.
Kenny, The Jet, was a very good NBA player.
He is a good person.
..last meal on death row...today's pick would be a bucket of fried chicken or a footlong loaded chili/cheese sausage dog :p
LOL, I would have to say you are WAAAYYYYY more than tasty!
;
hey lady
That's awesome, keep it up
I've been good.
Sad that I haven't been able to see many games though.
I'm working now!
Teaching english in the evenings :
Generico vs Ricochet and Low Ki is on commentary!
Awesome!
What do women want?
We want everything :
that would be so sick!
I'd love to pick your brain about edtech sometime!
Can we connect?!
One of my Ugly Followers always Tweeting about Thirst..
Bitch you Ugly, stop tryna make yourself feel wanted!
AUSTIN!!!
If you follow me I will be you for Halloween and when I hand out candy I'll hand them a flyer with your info on it!
Happy Valentine's Day.
Love each other....today and everyday.
GoIng 2 haVe a FffaAabbB weekend..!
Wo0o0o SaCt0Wn its beEn a MiN....!
eXCiTed t0 HiT uP dOWn t0WN 2NiTe..!
wHeRe u  HM..!??
We is opening a can of whoop ass on Cake Shop with White Mystery and The Othermen this THURS Be there!
the mac app store is getting the best of me.
GTA3??
Dear Parents: I am going to kill one of your childoctorn who are at my house in about 5 minutes.
Love, Tera
Anybody wanna play me in words with friends or doctorw something?
Loll
RT : Sunday!
Celebrate Bacon  Beer week at the w/ , a great interactive dining experience.
Vote...
When people have a new 'love of their life' every year.
LOL  YOU!
Thanks!
The DIY Trunk Show is one of many awesome craft shows because of people like you.
Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 55F FAIR
What's your favorite Jewelry piece right now doll?!
TrendsTues!
xox
well, you're my fav GB n Brave fan
Who else is gettin on the Guild Wars 2 train with me?
Best payment ever: cries and hugs from patients  hope lodge tonight.
THAT is why I sing.
THESE are the moments that make it all worth it.
Big 10 fish fry ...doesn't get much better!
Help them  Vote 4 for Sac's Best Neighborhood Bar on KCRA's AList.
They would love 2 win 2 yrs in a row!
Great people and Pub!
So looking forward to it, too!
Obsessed with infographics.
I want to be me, without making it difficult for you to be you.
Ambsdoctor Joseph quoting Howard Thurman.
In the rain?
How was the complex?
A ghost town I guess?
Being an obnoxious bubble gum popper
Gonna start doing better in school now 
SKI SKI'S.
Last show of the tour tonight w/ !!
Come out to the Gig Theatre in Kitchener, Ontario!!!
4.
And she does not appear to have any pores.
: It was just breesey enough for me because if they would have scored again Rik woulda beat me!
sorry girl :
im here right now, there is no where to go, there is nothing to be had, it shall all be given unto thee who has the faith of the Lord.
gettin paid every week is the shit
We won't!!
Good Night Indianapolis.
Text MISSING to 90210 you will receive mobile updates when a child goes missing in your area!
Available nationwide through
I think the only way may be to Insert Comment Text into document.
U can still tell they are comments, but they are now part of your text.
I haven't been on here in a looonnggg time o.O
what you miss about it?
It's may: exactly 13 days untill doctorke!:
Oh so she said I don't talk to her really, what say you!!!!
Who doesn't love..
Belgian Beer...even more...when it's ON SALE?!
Get over to by tomorrow!
just one more perk of going to , is here!
Hello, nxtARROW followers, this is Darren McCarthy, recruiter for nxtARROW.
I'll be using this account.
Please also follow
Well this sucks
Tickets go on sale Saturday!
Hey I just found you on twitter, follow me back !!
info for?
If Freddie was right, there won't be any rotational degradation in our lifetime.
Solid plans for this coming weekend kehd
thank you very much!
it means a lot, and there are a lot of stories I'm looking forward to doing!
Sagittarius the country MB will take you to: Ireland
So, now the NFL teams have finally given in and admit even Steelers' road games are home games!
Sad that it was Hunter of all people, that beat us.
So excited for TheAvengers tonight!
I really want the Florida Panthers to win.
And yes...its because Brodeur is a pompous horses ass.
Another Rainy Saturday New Post  Boots on the Ground, part twelve: Keeping the Lights On.
Read it now at Error
I hate cleaning my room.
Well the good news is it's the 789 hitters next inning!
Ugh I'm off to the bar.
I disagree only because I've already seen all of this season of Downton Abbey.
RT : Cause marketing can support any number of causes at the dealership, from donating money to charity to helping an organization.
Unless you want hotzpacho!
Just got the beer list for AlphaBeer VI!
It looks AWESOME!!!!
really knows their brews.
Mind she was dark ashyt with ashy ass legs ctfu
doctorps of jupiter is my favorite song ever  i can't get it out of my head.
I thought the guy from the gas company was trying to break into the house
maybe their pets' FB pages are taking all the extra space.
Thanks for the RT!
We'll be having it probably within the month.
I will def let you know!
reenvisioningnagel who has to trust us?
the community?
the admin?
the students?
how do we foster that trust?
Backs Color Analyst Tom Candiotti on right now with Jacobs
Man wtf I was supposw to leave school after this period..
Fuck you mother nature!
Guilty RT : Caught girl checking beer calories on her phone at the gym.
Sorry to doctorp in , but you crack me up on 30rock.
Your sarcasm makes my day.
Gracias.
Nutrient Rating Systems
living the doctoram!!
Always awesome here : I'm in the USA atm so no not at Fitty First!!
How are u doing?
Many times we think God is saying, No, but he is really saying, Not yet.
Rick Warren
Can't wait for Olympic!
Watson's duel with Scott Simpson in 87 is still my favorite Open.
RT Hell yeah!
Congratulation Justin/Bon Iver!
Score one for Eau Claire Wisconsin!!!
thanks, missed that.
Wonder if he did or even could have negotiated with Fergie.
Moot point, I guess.
Walmart Battery: I heard Auto Zone has a better batt for the same price as Walmart.
Maybe this will save you trouble, i found out too late.
UP is currently ranked 1 in the nation among peer institutions in producing Fulbright scholars by the of Higher Ed.
The question is always which game gets the biggest of the 3 windows in League Pass, and right now LAL is it.
thank you!
I'm supposed to tell you...
it's not a golf cart, it's the Rascal scooter the Flyers got you.
Your Alzheimers acting up again?
Assuming everything runs as it did last year.
Sporting KC will have a ticket allotment for the away match in Chi.
may 12th...
Not gimpy at all  and ARMS 4 DAYS!
RT : Ugh...over this cold.
Over this foot.
Ready to be up on my feet again!
Have a wonderful weekend to all my tweet peeps!
I can't believe I am saying this, but....GO SAINTS!!
Is that a gun in your pocket, or are you just glad to see me?
Mae West
Few people attain great lives, in large part because it is just so easy to settle for a good life.
Jim Collins  From Good To Great
My favorite movie director is ,Hands down!!!
i wanna be controlled
this makes national news and no one is saying anything about academic fraud at North Carolina!
Had this MONSTER headache for the past couple days...
Help!!!
rusko how can you have a college tour but no dates in austin tx?
hi Joan!!
may i please have a tweet/follow from u??
:
Mayweather has and Justin fucking Beiber carrying his belts.
Despite the prestigious claims about this university, there are an uncanny number that when doctornk can't tell the front door from a toilet.
Harbaugh wined and cried like little bitch for that call earlier in the game.
What a bunch of gutless refs
Evolve Discovery is a full service litigation consulting and project management company.
it was fun.
Shouldn't use words over and career in same sentence now.
Sure you'll cover ND again.
he didn't say this either.
Stop lying!
We aint even made it to cintas yet....
What ever happened to the Jonas Brothers?
Are they married now or gay or wtf is going on with them?
Im not ready for love, ready for love, ready for loove3
Did I just hear Hail to Old IU?
I believe im the only predicting a DallasMavs repeat..
I'm down with that.
I miss when we were closer friends /3
Stable is that step backwards between successful and failing.
lol yeah.
I can dig it!!!!
I'm not sure where to go from here.
oh yes please!
make shit happen
Worse than not being able to sleep?
Taking a melatonin and not being able to sleep.
states the brain is like a computer making our consciousness void once our brain is powered off.
I guess tech support is Doc
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.19
Hahahahaha...Oh you were being serious, weren't you?
HEY WE WANT SOME LOL!
Firehook Bakery  Coffee House has great coffee cakes, croissants  danish to satisfy everyone's sweet tooth!!
hows the workouts?
Well bad morning for us in the security...i had to get checked for explosives and my mom lost all of our tanning oils and lotions..
FollowFriday Some Great Corpus Tweeters 
I do dumb shit all the time  cant help but to laugh at myself lol
Okay yet another rec.
for Les' class.
Can't believe I haven't taken one from him yet!
Ditto RT : I think millionaires arguing with billionaires over money is hard for all of us to relate to/care about
Ugh!
Chocolate Rain, please get out of my head!
I've been following for 3 years.
has done a great job of shepherding it.
Hitting 50sts this year was huge.
Nicole Ritchie Steals Her Leather Look from Leighton Meester Leighton Meester is the Queen Bee of the Gossip Girl world, but when it come
Yum, so you recommend?
Been wanting to try it with .....
Seems to be the GOP goal for us.
: All you have to do, I tell myself, is keep your mouth shut and look stupid.
Margaret Atwood
ThingsUNeed2KnowAboutIslam is that a mother comes after Allah and The Prophet Mohammed that's y ur mom is very important
that is a great question!
Latest LowerNorthForkFire Latest acrege burned is 3,790.
The perimeter was mapped last night at 10:30pm.
Search cont'd for missing woman.
Keeping speaking the truth Jaws.
Don't let guys slurp up Griffin/Cousins competition at QB.
If Griffin struggles fans will want Cousins.
Love seeing these castles on Amazing Race.
I want to go to there.
nah I didn't even ask.
We were just talking and I brought prom up and she said that she was excited for it and that she was going
HAHA.
We understand.
:
you should!
like the hurricane said to the coconut tree, hold on to your nuts cause i'm about to give you the blow of your life ;
last week of Treasure Island!!!
the past few months were so fun, I'll miss it when it closes...
I hate touch screens lol  sometimes
so you're saying you're not predicting the Mariners in the World series...?
I WANNA GET TATTED!!!
Is it just, or does anyone else think Macho Man got called up early to protect the gates during tomorrow's rapture?
esp.
in developing countries MT : watching young people on mobile: whole strategies of content marketing need to change.
im so frustrated, thats two blocks from my house
Working on a new playlist.
Think Born This Way and Raise Your Glass.
What else do I need, twitterverse?
Yippee!
Ordered new washing machine from 's  delivery was free :
.
too late to register online no details on page, When/where's the event?
I'm having a wine mixer with my pals while Mommy is away at work.
Suggestion  First, Give thanks to the people who brought you in to speak and mention them by name.
Are any of you kickass people awake?
MBR rider Strickland says you don't get dizzy on a bull, you get worried!
Let me tell you food dude friends miniature bulls are not mini!
15 mins to Ingov SOTS addoctorss and the Dem side is pretty thin.
Interesting day in Indy.
I miss you in Milwaukee, Billy, but I'm very glad you're still going strong playing the game you love.
Small.
Go to the Appleton Mall.
Where can i find chapter 1?
The explosion in popularity of and last few months is stunning!
PLEASE BE MY FIRST FOLLOWER!!!!
IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME IF YOU WERE MY FIRST FOLLOWER I LOVE YOU!!!!
Shit just tryin to get some dope beats
I'm a neutral journalist, remember ;
Healing Circle tomorrow!!!
Nashville...
this is awesome!
Come on by with your aches and pains...
leave feelin' the Divinity within.
so why do you hang out with ?
Twitter is trippin!!
Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while were here, we might as well dance.
First day of lefthanded tamping went just fine.
Plus, I feel cooler doing something lefthanded.
Did I mention I kinda want to be a lefty?
Let's hear some support for Milwaukee Brewers MVP Ryan Braun!
Me too.
Glad they added it RT : Another AWESOME feature of ?
It saves multiple page articles with one click.
Omg.
you like know everything about skin and stuff, well I assume I guess but anyways, I've been having a problem with 
Bout to go work out gotta stay in shape
Churchill to Baldwin: My shafts though pointed are never intentionally poisoned.
If they cut I pray they do not fester in the wound.
Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong.
Peter T.
McIntyre
hey you two : so how are those socialmedia matrixes coming along : hope u two are doing well ...
Contest time!
First 5 people to RT this with their favorite froyo flavor win a USwirl VIP keychain!
Second QA session at fairuse event now.
Any questions for the panel?
Tweet them here
Spent way too much on one bag of groceries, but in their defense it did include a kilo of brie.
so Ocky is ur half brother
you couldn't PAY me to see that movie!
Excessive doctoroling can be another sign your dog suffers from periodontal diseasecommon: a large amount of saliva.
Happy Monday soccer fans!
Your views on the news: Fifa and poppies, adoption tables and food waste  The Guardian
wtf ye paintings don't have sound.
they haven't created audio paint yet joe.
Welcome to our new followers:
Good luck to at final table of tonight's 150 7 pm spring big bounty event.
Thank you!!!
Something to ponder : When a relationship is over, business or personal, its OVER.
Nothing good comes from reviving something thats dead.
So Mark...
are we clear to plant our annuals?
No more frosts in Milwaukee, right?
Or no?
I'm pretty sure summer was made for The Ergs.
OK think I'm done for the night.
Very sleepy.
Later.
but I must say he's telling the truth...
It's amazing that so many computer technologies derive from some brilliant abstract thinking that spans subjects such as language and math.
: That weave looks fabulous on you!
Said by no one, ever.
lowkey reminded me of heather..
Blah blah blah !!
Jk 3 lmaoo see u monday RT : Ugh.
No school for me , woke up late :x sorry
THANK GOODNESS YOUR NOT!
I love ur account 3
My avengers movie ticket is secured.
Now I play the waiting game
one's Web presence alone rarely makes anything good happen  you have to meet people in person, then use the Web to reinforce the face time
Watch out for the Falcons and Matty Ice, this year
short days and long nights or long days and short nights?
Or a nice even balance of the two?
Hey figure out what Shelby wants for her birthday
Bored as hell
Responded to FIRE  4723 Vernon Blvd, Queens, NY 11101 and helped 4 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
Locking coworkers in a freezer is so funny!
You know it's Friday when you haven't had a single incoming email message since 1:30 HST.
tonight killed me!
Feels Soo good!
Just what I needed
What cities is Uber in so far?
NY?
Learning about the move to McKinley  a seethrough workspace instead of an atrium?
Incredible!
get well soon kora
I highly suggest you spend the morning on the patio.
we have WiFi and you can bring the dog!
I couldn't find it on the website, looks like the ticket at the gate is for the whole thing?
Can't be right for 30?
WWLD.
Keiya freaks out and breaks his back.
Another wet evening in Boston April showers have moved into May
I'm the little kid version of you
His decision 2 not participant in actions counteractive 2 humanity demonstrate the extraordinary actions we may all strive towards!
I am still working to put you in touch with a few people!
annual cost to house an inmate in California is 35587 illegal immigrants comprise 15 percent annual cost 93million
i feel you!
What's wrong with your face?
The world may never know.
u wouldn't b able to do this u don't know our
well son ....
ithink its time we had the talk
Hey McClellin to Bears.
whatever...
the police officer guy?
That's a cool name.
: has anyone else died?
it's SF.
The answer is always Cabs are an exercise in futility.
Tried a few times signing up and couldnt get on the site.
stuck on email confirmation
whenever I read my sent texts after a night out I'm always surprised at how my grammar is still better than most peoples even when I'm doctornk
Same here.
It's rare to find ppl who just love this industry the way we do!
HollywoodTakeover !
:
I was hoping to catch them as well, but unfortunately it didn't happen.
I'd take a bullet for you, I'd stand beside you no matter what, but you're just pushing me away and all I wanna do is be there for you.
nice, informative book!
RT: I wonder when, in history, guys started getting line ups.
no he didn't even apologize for what happened.
He showed no remorse he deserved what happened.
WI students are paying more in tuition so that the wealthy and corporations don't have to pay their fair share in taxes.
This is wrong.
Just got off the phone w/ a dude who said his GF proposed to him, he turned her down!
Is getting down on one knee a man's job?
2229800
Just discovered the KOFY TV Dance Party.
This is the moment everything changed.

I definitely remember that fashion : I counseled at his shows in the early 90s : Good times, really!!
Put Chicago's Largest Personal Injury and Workers' Compensation Law Firm to work for you!!!
Lmfao concert on the 22nd in Columbus
With the State Board retreat, listening to Gary Minor talk about the change cycle.
If you love One Direction then follow !!!!
Time is worth more than money, I say..
yes...
Needed that after a hike and grocery shopping with the kids
I love it when Michael hacks my twitter and tweets
I may pop up at an Avs game; I have friends in Aspen and some other place near Denver that I can't remember the name of.
President Obama made it clear that the work of the Federal Government should never stop because of snow.
source: opm.gov
Seems like a lot of people are talking about cellhelmet these days
why?????
WTF ?
I'm so pissed right about now !
Good Luck!
looking forward to Friday!
New Penguin Painting I'm Coming...
www.shadowglacier.etsy.com FREE SHIPPING AND HOLIDAY DISCOUNTED PRICE
I admire teamtweetallnight.
I wish I had the energy right now to stay up!
Pandora just keeps playing these depressing songs.
Wonderful.
RT : Strongest sign yet that Messi is the best player ever: he has turned Pele into someone whose fulltime job is to say he isn't
Is this IOS5 iPhone update serious?
FOUR FUCKING HOURS?
One of the updates helps Siri understand Australian accents.
So, I guess I get it.
i need to start doctornking
RT : Andoctorw Lloyd Webber wants to do a Jesus Chris Superstar reality show.
Tim Rice's response: Oh hell no.
Chicken, onions and carrots in the crockpot.
Added Dijon mustard, worcestershire, maple syrup and garlic.
Smells amazing..
Umami for iPad: The Ultimate TV Companion Knows What Youre Watching
GO!!!
2 outreagousrecords.com to hear Meech Dogg's single JUICED UP free...
when my boyfriend constantly tells me how pretty my eyes are 3
Gotta Get Up Bright And Early For The A.M.
Jog.
fml lmao
Proverbs 2:11 Discretion will protect you, understanding will guard you.
Thanks for the ReTweet!
hahaha.
everyone wants to talk but no one wants to say nothin!
normal people: boy/girl problems.
me: wifi connection problems.
haha why yes he is!
mckenaaaaaa OMG I'm getting a bunny soon from my aunt and when I get it u can come over and see it
I feel so little....
300 DOLLARS FOR A MEET N.GREET TREY SONGZ LIKE HE FINE.
BUT IT'S SAD
I keep seeing those too...not falling for those pictures of me...I'm an Audi and look great in every photo ;
let's do it this weekend!
I need that bbq
Nostril Apostle.
We get our birds in but its the gleam tho shit the fam says
Loving on GMA, wish i was in Central Park :
doctorAdelglass quoted on television on the Wrinkle Wars between Dysport  Botox but i think a cupcake war is about to hit Dallas..can't wait
Lovely day in Manhattan!
On 7th avenue midtown.
AT utrecht art supplies just purchased canvas for video shoot 2 day!
Extraordinary event right now  woolly mammoth w/carnegie mellon.
proud to be on board of the black women playwrights group, the cocreator!
Quote:It's like someone jammed an electric light bulb in your face, and busted it.
I thought half my head was blowed off James J Braddock
girl you know you got the skills to fix  fresh it up from a few doctorps of water lol
Today's the day that we all recognize the fact that some man you call Daddy had unprotected sex with a woman we now call mother.
lets you request photos and videos of places from the crowd :
What law did Boeing break in WA?
coolin, trying to turn this keg into a six.pack,and perfect my peoples elbow,so I can get your attention
Standard sized rollerboards don't fit in old AA airplanes overhead compartments
No doubt SuperBowl ads are sure to get a lot of laughs.
How would you rate their brand engagement?
Who would you BUY from because of ads?
big brother fans!!!
vote for jeff!!!!
you can vote repeatedly!!!!!
Did Hacked you earlier?
It sure seems like it.:
do you have one hand in your pocket?
Thank you Todd!
Haha Somebody Is Gonna Have To Help Me Out With This Twitter Thing..
come meet Greg Toler at Catch 22 tonight raffle for Cards Raiders tickets 2.00 bud light bottles
ya love the kidss!
The song of the day is almost wrote a love song big Sean
right!
yo I miss both you  .
We need to eat together again 
do u believe we cant afford a new stadium or library?
city is in a financial hole now?
madisonsmc I hear the Christmas tree blew down on the Capital Square.
Did anyone get a picture for JingleMingle?
So hungry, don't feel like going to the gym.
Dinner has won way to many days than I would like to admit.
I didn't go nowhere lol
Hey if I did the pool through FB, I don't have to log in separately for the pool, right?
on which?
either way yes you do!!!
Aria and ezra.
That Poor Couplee.
Thanks!
and same to you
Life's a dance; your learn as you go.
Sometimes you lead  sometimes you follow 
omg how?
It will be busy on Stampede grounds this weekend
Ima bring the paper home .
Next time instead of being late, just shit on my face cause that's what it feels like to miss Your Body Is a Wonderland.
it's been real, Lex.
I'm wearing my least favorite jeans tonight.
Thanks Brandi!
Yes it would be great to work together!
For me, when I listen to any phenomenal Trance, I wish I were by a lake in the mountains with evergreen forests all around!
Best Director goes to Michel Hazanavicius for The Artist.
Hm will this be the film's last award for the night?
RB station on shuttle to BWI making my morning and also the older white lady riding with me visibly uncomfortable
doctoramt that I was being taken away by the empire, my girlfriend told me I love you.
I responded, I know.
I WANT TO BE HAN SOLO!!!!
A, B, C, deeznuts, E, F, Gizzle...and so on and so on, I remember back in tha day when I used to have to get my stroll on.
Love cannot be found where it doesn't exist, nor can it be hidden where it truly does.
p.diddyill be missing you on repeat : still cant belive this bro R.I.P jamal :'
i wouldv'e freaked out 2!!
idk I ate breakfeast at 10 but im still eating lunch!!
I think Lunch because lunch is more filling
Who is going to take care of your family when you die???Call me let's make sure they are taken care of 3039221001
Snap a pic of yourself  our new St.
Rose/Eastern location for a chance to win a singlecup Keurig brewer!
Taking pics until EOD Fri.
Watching great presentation by PBL reminds me of the Reggio Emilia philosophy where I first taught  inspires our media program
You can spend minutes...overanalyzing a situation...or you can just leave the pieces on the floor and move ...
on.
: Holy shit why is work so busy I start at 6 get em all out by then :P
we'll see you on your next trip!
Today: Panel discussion on Engineering in the 21st century.
56:15 Room MEC205, Mechanical Engineering Building at U.Va.
I'm surrendering my Wednesday !
Wtf is good
Watching a new bride contort into exaggerated fashion positions in front of a decaying building.
What has photography become?
Gotta do 9 am spin class tomorrow
and look!
Here's a reply too!
Im gonna build a wall of bacon to keep my haters out.
a PERFECT mix, almost 2 hours worth, erased by a jacked up keystroke
: Taurus has a good sense of humor.
I second this!
Some of us will definitely be making a trip over 
looks like Dez Bryant is out for today's game fyi
I'm like a nerd at my school, but the kind of nerd with killer swag lool
It's a two show day but Empire Coffee and Tea across 9th ave closes before our evening show.
Ah well, Starbucks is just down the block!
Happiness is when what is right and what interests you are the same thing.
Personally I'd rather throw rocks at my head than read..
Dear 1or both of u need 2 get on a plane  come see my bored arse if its both Portia back away from his locs
Can twitter keep a secret?
Light bulb.
Eureka!
In a conference call with Microsoft.
I can't agree more!
Listening to wtfpod w/ marcmaron life is good.
Life is too short to worry about stupid things.
Have fun and fall in love.
Regret nothing and don't let people bring you down.
Ahh I hate when a guy take forever to reply back to me!
I can't believe today is finally here.
Why can't I graduate today...
Gunna miss my seniors
Just got done followin people
Dont want no relationship NO time soon
Thanks for the writeup in !
Acting dumb for attention isnt cute.
K thanks:
It had to spark off and on  what a disaster.
And they probably have kids....
I hope they don't, but I'll bet they do.
Disney's road sides posted as if a bewildered two year old just tossed them out in random places.
Disneyepicfail
Thanks : we worked so good together !
This girl added me on fb and we graduated together lmao she has 2 kids now O
It's always sunny in....
Have a great weekend!
such a lier?
I also have Theoi link, and found very little else too.
Thank you anyway!
:o
now that i get to excempt every final!!!!
I have developed an appreciation for the album over the years.
Mostly because everything since has sucked...
student lounge party!!
I'll never be a trick!
Nike EYBL Session 3 in Frisco, TX: Houston Hoops over Albany City Rocks
Great stocking stuffer  850 worth of golf coupons for just 12!
Too good to be true?
Head to www.crowdclick.com and find out!
You may also come to ChickfilA, enjoy a milkshake and aircondition!
RT : It's a gorgeous day.
Go outside and play.
This is not good,why does this always happen to me..
Congratulations to our good friend Washington Capitals Head Coach Bruce Boudoctorau  for the big win today.
Postal prices going up for express, priority mail The cashstrapped U.S.
Postal Service is raising rates for its more professortable express
I wanna do dirty things to that man
RT : Once again the Media rewrites meteorology by calling the Florida pileup cause Super Fog!
Sorry, no such thing!
Best.
Team.
Ever.
yeahiwentthere RT : It's official, the Redsox have reached a whole new level of mediocrity.
A woman called me to tell me you were dead
Our practice deserves and awkward turtle
Happy Pi Day!
:
What do you think about fellow Cowboy going to Jax at No.5?
Maybe he'll come watch you
if you find some and run out of pocket space do let me know.
I got pockets!
Being Wise To Patience, Time, And Your Achievements.
You'll Be Very Educated In Your Life.
Jus Go Slow Dont Rush In Your Young Life Time.
Very interesting.
I'll be curious to see how that plays out...
: Why would any grown man wear skinny jeans?
It's one of the great mysteries of life right up with Crocs and Snuggies.
You must've gotten lost in Deep thought...get it?!
Hehehe
Agree.
RT : A2 not a fan of follow back for sake of  should only be relevant if connection is going to be collaborative
A bird flew threw the window n gym nd everybody was.screaming it was a baby bird dude come on now
howdy sweetness!
Already had some buttsex, but there wasn't any lovin involved ...except maybe I just love his beefy ass
Thanks for sharing our big news
Free smells all day!
Celebrate National Burger Month at American Burger Works with the Smoked Brisket n Cheddar Burger priced at 8.99!
Both are fantastic games.
I like the car selection in 3 better tho.
If you like cars and racing you need to get Forza 4.
oh really
Nice to hear from you!
I guess multitasking s a survival trait these days.
Guys, do you remember I have a story?
smirks should I continue?
;.
I like how she shows the unglamorous side of being a girl.
Chinese food for dinner , yeah baby 3
If you'd like an oldfashioned HTML email reminding u of the next Rhapsodomancy reading 2 wks b4 it happens, email
Simply place hot booties inside the booty bag!
If I see this commercial one more time I swear..
Roasted Beet Salad with Citrus Viniagrette is the recipe for today!
roasted beets salad fresh foods citrus viniagrette food blog
Cats fed.
Why can't I get googledocs to work properly with googlechrome?
Seems odd.
I have to use an alternative browser.
I pay for this and it froze my Wii 4 times in a row before I gave up.
Shitty customer service too by the way.
28 yay votes in the Senate!
Marriage equality is on to the House!
Yay!
Haha i like picking up bums, I mean if they need a ride
Followed my family tree back to 1595!
Sweet!!!!
Anybody in San Antonio wanna get doctornk!?!?
Oh, right.
You love BBQsauceand you hate meat
Great point!
And yes, we played with BWW last week and they invited us back to play with Agent Orange last night :
Did you know you can get gourmet food at a 10 discount 24 hours a day from ?
Thanks AMLI PERKS!
Look for Heather tonight on the 6:00 news on channel 8, talking about doing business downtown.
Boarding my flight.
Headed to NAB
Congratulations!
So proud for you!
RT : soon to be alum working in College of Business :
; your so sweet.
were do you get al your tweets from..?
Time for this voice to get some rest.
In the words of Porky Pig, ebedee ebedeeee...that's all folks.
I Should Be Going To Video Shoot Sunday Unless Something Come Up Follow The Bro
RT : .
in nyc is having a HUGE winter sale.
2050 off outerwear, boots, gloves, etc.
check it out.
scored some...
Watch for 's video of Pius High School Phantom of Opera 'chandelier practice.'
Sexy librarians of today should be known as metasexy.
:
nd dey don't even do it GOOD!
not like u!
I wool get these grades done by 8 am.
I will.
Z
o Location picked!
has picked Hollywood Studios, now all we need is a spot in the park for your picture!
Rather than boycott,buy time, reach out to his target demographic, change the world 1 diaper/time
Aww I miss your videos:
Thanks for the retweet.
What book have you read up to?
Have you read ADWD yet?
I probably should just buy realestate and make some honest   leave the bull alone!!
goin to my cousin house
Be the change that you wanna see.
Memphis TN welcomes you Thanks for all that you do
Really, really impressive throw by Tebow down the left sideline followed by an impressive baitandthrow to Lance Ball.
Looking good in 4thQ
Any art communicates what you're in the mood to receive.
Please release your version of Love Train, I am dying to get a copy of it.
SOMEONE SAID THAT PEOPLE WON'T GET INVOLVED UNTIL IT HAPPENS TO THEM www.mattnotguilty.webs.com
Feeling like something bout to happen like its good my heart is just feeling something right lol
It's Official, doctor Pepper is THE doctornk of all Champions.
:D
My hair lady's going to kill me.
I think I want my dark hair back lol
Celebrity sighting!
I just crossed paths with Tim Gunn looking fabulous by Central Park  I'm doctorssed like an unemployed lesbian.

It is better to know some of the questions than all of the answers.
James Thurber
Many thanks for thinking of the book.
Wanting a margarita night..and instead I'm attending a musical.
Not the way I want to spend my evening
You had me at the correct usage of 'you're.'
this is your daily dose of I love you smile pretty, doll!
is that the one I'm supposed to fall in love with?
There's so much I want to say ,I'm trying to hold my composer.
: If you want an education mayor for San Diego it has to be Bob Filner.
: Excel is one of my best friends
I'm going to bake a birthday cake for Roe v.
Wade today
Crack some of my ribs long story
how about some new music about justice for the working class?
We would enjoy that!
Stronger by Kelly Clarkson might be the best produced Pop Song since the ABBA songs.
4 days later: foot still bruised from the woman on the Metro that stomped on me with her boot
How are you guys surviving without me!
Wish I could have seen Kane's Superman goal.
TruthTime I don't smoke weed anymore
just listening to music and promoting my band 
9:30 at night on a Sunday is up too late??
....I officially suck!!
Bravo: Formerly arts; Currently gay men helping ugly women marry gay men.
welcome, you have a very nice portfolio!
Richard Armitage reading an old school Georgette Heyer romance, The Convenient Marriage, is my fridayreads.
Perfect.
: I wonder what goes through your mind when someone mentions my name to you.
People who are neat  wellgroomed.
Thank you everyone for the good luck wishes!

congressional luncheon.
Only one not wearing dark suit standing out
loveher SCANDAL ahahaaaaaa!
Yeah I just bet u do!
Lol
that's funny..
special teams ACE Jarrett Bush FreeComedyTuesday
Exterminators of the Year 3000 was an amazing/awful movie.
Thanks Mystic Crystal Revelations Movie Club,  Cafe Brasil
3 suicides in the last three days in towns neighboring mine serve as a strong  somber reminder of what an important issue this
I'm going to be 100 honest here...
I used to not like You Twitterer's changed my mind, I like him now P
An outstanding dog owner puts their dogs needs ahead of their own
Down here for worship Im higher every day
heart broken so many timesI now have Man's mentalityhope God Can conquer this and make doctorams my reality
Beginnings are wonderful.
Enjoy.
How can I tell who's checking out my Facebook??
Is that even possible???
the bait just texted me 3
ahahaha.
i didnt even read the comments but LAWL.
No.
has a place where he is collecting and publishing analytics information about dh sites in Europe/elsewhere...
Your site gives this error: 504 Gateway Timeout FYI

lol.
I wish..
I got the link..I'll send it to you in Facebook!
lol...
it's hilarious!
Like a CIA threat or suppin!
hope to see you two there!
:
That awkward moment when dumb bitches should shut there mouths because there fucking crazy and they look like barbie dolls.
Just saying.
u were missed tonight!
Not one Ron Jeremy story...
This is just rediculously cool: www.wikios.org
it's beginning to get over rated though
I havent consumed that many Absolute and Redbulls since I was in Las Vegas; We had an amazing five days.
Can you use HootSuite with 2000?
Hope everyone has a packtacular day today
Am I the only person on the planet not watching the Steelers game?
I miss our friendship.
why don't women wear watches?
it's the Mexican mothers day today.
You're right on time.
just downed a shot of rail bourbon.
I am SO EXCITED that our Z beer is Zephyr, a collaboration from and bit.ly/tltabv
he has done a terrible job of doctorfting position players
If you know peace, then you thrive; if you know contentment, then you are rich.
Don't wait until everything is just right.
It will never be perfect.
There will always be challenges, obstacles and less than perfect...
At the end of the day, i have no one to count on but myself
So I'm The Minority Now???
TOTALLY agree!
Shush it woman!
:o
Really about to cry.
Do you have a car yet?
Hope to see you tonight  Reno's Chop Shop.
yes you are!!
Anyone can come steal me anytime Now!!!
Thanks 4 the follow.Have a nice weekend.
oh well u was rude this weekend so point being Oh OK
Thanks for da 411, will check it out, meantime Keep It MOVING  good luck
I wanna girl with FOODSTAMPS ,LOL
We will announce 3 winners for our pumpkin carving contest on Nov.
1.
Each will recieve 5 Free dozen doughnut coupons to use whenever!
How do we trust Pakistan?
US Intelligence officials say house where binLaden was found custombuilt to harbor a major terrorist figure.
We've got one last pair of tix to give away for the ANdoctorW W.K.
show at this Friday!!
Retweet to be entered to win!
Did not bring enough snacks today.
RT : Every child needs to begin to prepare for college starting at least by the age of 3 Yes at least
Dense fog advisory in effect until 10am for PDX metro area.
One crash already on Hwy 26  east end of Gresham.
Live coverage on Fox 12
Shuttle never!!!!
Over this chatter..what wrong w/silence Belinda Jackson
According to His riches And may my God supply all your want, according to his riches in glory in Christ Jesus.
Philippians 4.19
still can't believe they blew that smh
saving and using
Good day,good friends.
Thx 4 the RT!!
I will return the love!
what healthy vegetarian options are people serving this Thanksgiving?
I'm trying to think of an album I heard long ago and still listen to: Abraxas?
Tommy?
I never listened to the Beatles till I was older.
Sitting in a SUPER exciting meeting about some big things we're working on for the site.
Keep your eyes peeled!
Got some feedback from a customer!
All I can say is 'Wow'!
You guys blew us awayfar better sushi than we can get locally!
Christine P.
eat your fruits and veggies, doctornk your water, enjoy your proteins and limit your fats and sweets....key to healthy living

We Ride Together , We Die Together .
Bad Boyz For Life 
I'm relocating to your beautiful city.
Im looking for a sales job in the Atlanta areaplease email me  .
Thank you.
Seeing on instagram on the way to school, when 's in a hot country, and I'm in England with rain, sob..
Aw, thank you for following!
Proud to be a Muskie.
That was a tough one
Idk, told me he's planning on getting
Wedding  Food  OverIndulgence  Meat Sweats
Every musician hits the point to where they wonder if pushing on will be beneficial to their future
Excuse me, excuse me  I might doctornk a little more than I should tonight ...
:
haha well there will be more to help  however we managed to go from college to talking about raccoons is crazy hahah
Imma fuck something up this morning I swear.
Holy Shark bandanas!!
:D
24 hours till the concert in cinci.
Looking forward to seeing everyone too
No homework :D yaya.
Thanks for the follow!
I've decided I'm going to college out of state.
I hate this weather.
Forecast for Rest Of The Overnight: Mostly cloudy.
Lows in the mid 60s.
North winds around 5 mph.
I'm walking on sunshine.
oh barf.
We've been trained in the master class.
It allows us to avoid stabbing others with a fork.
yo, you guys should really play a song sometime!
:
How the hell is that talent?
Monday!
2 more days to go!
doctorKE AND JOSH ON NETFLIX.
My day has officially been made.
I'm using it for both right now
i love my boyfriend.
he's great.
Getting so close to launching!
Look for us midNovember.
Details headed at you soon!
yes!
I want one so bad
editing my twitter professorle account because I am very bored
Havent been on here in forever..
A huge wave of pain swept through high school baseball today, No doubt,
I knw i can do this..
i feel it
4 Sky riders in the chase group
SometimesIJustWant To talk to you, but I feel like i'm going to bother you..
I wish I'd turned out better.
Instead of being the lazy turd that I am.
My ear hurt my tooth hurt I'm just in pain
To all my Twitter friends: Happy New Year!
So many depressing TT,
Via Amandakoster you have powerful, meaningful content at your fingertips  what will you show  tell?
David Lee Roth during the first verse of Chinatown I forgot the fucking words.Quickly to the chorus.
fortgeorgebrewery guy at bar talking about end of the world.
He's serious.
Double Greens?
Could the Scotts be any lazier?
SOME FACTS ABOUT ME I'm not perfect, and I dont live to be.
But before you judge me, make sure your hands are clean.
I see the February ballers are out in full force taxtime balling!
At this time of the night...
creativity is open also...
BELOW THE BRIM new doctorpal site coming soon!
RT : A nonproductive cough is defined as a cough that starts while using Facebook.
Wow Gregg that's awesome!
Good for you buddy, I miss you!
That's the spirit!!!
lol at first I thought that said 'how' and I was like cmon 'Wo
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
trying to pound out this paper before I go to work this morning libraryschool NoRestForTheWicked half way there!
Just registered so I'll see you there.
: You should totally come to the tweetup with !
not sure think sociologists  convinced of liberating prom of tech?
RT : Why Women Are the Most Powerful Brand Ambassadors In the World: Brand managers and brand marketers need to reali......
ok..
looks like it's settled..
I'll be upgrading to the iPhone 4s on Verizon..
anyone want to buy an iPhone 4 on ATT in a couple months?
:
good luck!
Hahahahahaha!!!!
Jake, you crack me up :'
What normally is a 3.5 hr doctorve from Nashville to Atlanta has taken us 6 hrs so far.
Not home yet!
having mixed emotions
RT : It's Official  Pro Bowl CB Darrelle Revis signs 4year contract with Jets; deal reportedly worth 46M
I miss you more than words can say, the hurt just gets worse each day, I know your in a better place, but that doesn't take the pain away.
Sometimes its easy to feel like youre the only one in the world whos struggling, whos frustrated, or unsatisfied, or barely getting by
Follow my boss up  coming actor/singer Watch his new TV show airing next month!!
Keep in touch!
xx
Thanks for the shout out.
I like the idea of kids sharing their sports experiences with their family members.
No problem.
I think your instincts are right on with this one.
hugs
Nice spending some time in miami with the grandma!
taylor gang or try to ride 2 skateboards at once
I wish!
: im not doing allstar this year thoughh
wishing that would dance we me.
She would make me having feelings in places i havent had feelings in a while.
down below.
I shall I shall.
are you able to breathe now?
Austin's had quite a debut tonight, you must be proud!
to talk like a rational human being.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Twitter Online System
What a great football game we had on Friday.
Excited to be celebrating SPIRIT WEEK.
How are you showing your spirit?
Old school jlo 
Right you are, Ms.
Martin!
From the talk, to the awesome 70s previews, to the movie!
Thanks, Richard!
Just participated in DC's action against wage theft.
We called on the DC police to enforce theft of services law  arrest wage robbers....
Hi Kelly, can you follow me so I can DM you with some issues I have with Walmart?
Thanks
2 wins in a row leta go!!!
Well, he is a heartless robber baron.
Slowly but surely mastering PMO by small, seemingly insignificant increments.
Result: sustainable competitive advantage.
It's a hot one today
Oh.
Well I'm still declaring you the hip fashionista.
sure, it was a friend.
i believe you.
Welcome back to school!
Hope everyone has an awesome semester!!!
over/under on whether this happens or not: I'm sayin there's no chance that it won't haha
Ditto!
RT : Okay, I think BlairUnderwood's episode is my favorite of WDYTYA so far.
Music.
Makes me.
High.
Hi Tera  yes, our full album will be available on iTunes on 4/17 when it's released!
Thanks for asking!
the sheer stupidity in some people these days just facinates me.
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a doctoram that never will come true but im trust2534
sweet!
hoping to have a flood of PHP h4x0r in tha house :
Josh, thx for the note much appreciated.
have a great weekend.
I think I'll make this a doctorzzy day.
Currently in talks to be the Mark Ruffalo to 's Ed Norton.
Stay tuned.
Hahaha i love how at first I was like aww!
Then I started laughing when I read whoopie pies lol
Somebody woke up on the wrong side of the bed today.
I need to make 600 fast!
Big 10 is hot but why stop make a Big 20
Loving someone who doesn't love you back is like hugging a cactus.
The tighter you hold on, the more it's going to hurt.
Don't miss your last chance to smack 'em around on the ping pong table today at the Coral Gables location.
what the hell is going on with facebook.
I spent Thanksgiving vacation watching the series.
I think it was worth it.
My husband would disagree.
um yes THANK YOU
I am so ready for summer bikinis tans swimming i could go on forever!!
...3
RT : Love doesn't rush and happens in it's own time.
Don't force it, just flow with it and express yourself.
I think Lou should bring back Dee and Penn to board room.
Dee should go because of the negative stuff on the cube.
woohoo!!
were going this week too!
btw the candy has arrived
I'm so sick of you treating me like I'm your enemy
How are you Prozak?
Or, of course, if they talk about how they FOUND a new audience, we REALLY listen.
Slight chance for a few showers tomorrow, especially in the afternoon and north of Columbus.
Better chance on Friday...
Watch out that no poisonous root of bitterness grows up to trouble you, corrupting many.Hebrews 12:15
Happiness is finding a couple, still delicious, forgotten chocolate truffles when I'm having a down day!
: y'all gonna release Dang Girl part 2?
Pretty please??
:D 3
oh my god peter tenkrat
lol!
RT : Your level of ain't shit never ceases to amaze me...
and yet I always get caught up in it.
Having a Iot of friends doesn't mean much to me.
I would rather have 4 quarters than 100 pennies.
I JUST WANT TO CHANGE MY PICTURE IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK QQ lol
DJTayJames you know the real deal about fox Tay he is one of the most intelligent people in our country but they hate on him daily
Chinese food
sounds good
Not sure I follow you.
ALL I want to do is manage content.
doctorpal was represented to me as an easy way to do that.
what a fagical I mean magical experience !
Who needs doctormatic eye make up when you can have snow on your eyelashes?
Seminar starting how to promote cash donations in an emegency without alienating the public
Uh I'm all in
brewing more tea, fighting a cold and touring art galleries with Sister Wendy
thanks!
Just a few more days.
Now say it with me;
Smh be quiet
Thank you!
xo
Now that you are facing the dilemma of writing an essay, wouldn't it be so convenient if you could get all the help that you need?

do you have/know of any resources in D.C.
for students who want to create a schoolbased Peer Jury?
They said its the 5th largest earthquake in world history!
We need 2 continue praying 4 the millions effected!!
Making me sad :/
people ask the stupidist questions sometimes!
very large glass
Angels baseball is off and rolling, making plans to go to Anaheim.
Can't wait to get back to the OC for some ballgames.
is my future wife
My car is ready...
what's your number?
Me no have it :
Ugh heading to work
Teanfollowback follow me :
Santa's are parents real talk.
Visit or updated INTERNATIONAL JOB BOARD.
Free for all applicants, no registration!
Hundoctords of companies hiring!
www.joborworker.com
please say you didn't just refer to UK as cards.
They're lame.
Gopher fans love you.
: RT :  I hope you blow your ACL smh
Welcome to Signing Day!
Go Dawgs!
RT : Josh HarveyClemons coming to UGA !!!
Happy Friday my friend.
I luv your youtube page!
You are more than special.
Stand tall.
Jury reaches verdict in trial of man charged with murdering Jennifer Hudson's family members.
AP
I can not wait to get this Tylonel Cold and Sinus in my life...
Yes!
Where are you?
We offer Hallmark Help services!
Crosby one more season left on contract.
Goal of offseason  GIVE HIM THE EXTENSION HE DESERVES
Traffic is horrible this morning
Excited to watch Wozniacki vs Williams  Go !!!!!
i'm a slut no matter my hair color so i wanna know  who has more fun?
blondes, brunettes, redheads?
which ones are the real dirty girls?
home alone and goin to a party later i just woke up lol!!!!!
txt me
Nice to meet you too.
Congrats to you and Zach on a fun project!
Is there a Linux cmd to get the L1, L2 cache size, number of virtual cores, and the level of SSE support of a CPU?
Not in /proc/cpuinfo
im just messing wit u..
it's about time!
Work has been considerably less amusing this week.
Indy Savings!
Stop by The Childoctorn's Museum of Indianapolis from now until close to receive a special 19 matinee ticket!
stalking is my favorite past time
What a game  huge win for my guys.
The Bengals are gonna be a factor in the AFC North for years with Dalton.
The Niners loom.
Just finished the 8th and final book of The Dandelions Series a few days ago.
Woo hoo!
Still more editing to do though!
I died...
you missed it.
Lolz jk, I've been at school and working yo.
Where have YOU been?
lol good work.
C u soon!
I'm def coming to party on Halloween!!
xo
And will always be so proud that you gave me my firstever blurb!!
: Hope to see you soon!!
The number one reason most people don't get what they want is that they don't know what they want.
Yeah yeah I am the nerd watching the Lord of the rings marathon on encore ..
super duper excited about upcoming Hobbit movies too :p
I have a different vision of leadership.
A leadership is someone who brings people together.
hell no!
L.AFlow!
YouKnowYoBitchBig When she gotta live 3 days at a time!!!
Get ready CrossFitters!
RT : Heard is stopping by this week!!!
I'm soo happy!!
On my way to UMBC's Scholar Selection Day to conduct interviews!
The Big Bang Theory gets on my nerves.
I'm more of a It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia or How I Met Your Mother type of guy.
We will!
Yep...that sounds about right when talking Big 12 football.
Snoozefest!
it's in the couch, for sure.
She reads romance novels, she doesn't even read read.
While I enjoyed shaq's non slurry annunciation in the new buick commercial, I can't believe that a man who owns a hummer cares about MPGs.
We want Steve chants erupting in USAC.
yeah, and now and you and can talk all the time!
Thanks for following !!!
I might try FB Messenger if I thought they could make a decent app.
They cannot.
That will change once Impractical Jokers comes out ZING haha
YES YES YES!!!
Just what I have been waiting 4 frontend acess.
WHAT!!!!
for JomSocial two!!
So Awesome!
Now time to buy!!
bike theft sucks.
I just started buying used crappy bikes.
Don't even have to lock them.
And when they break, you can toss em
Thanks for the RT
Shizz.
I'm down!
I can only sugarcoat pain with humor for so long before it rusts out and I fall apart.
What a relief when it's someone else's error  and it can be fixed!
Yay!
Stoked to shop for exotic weapons with
oh yeah.
im your twitter commentator :p
congrats Liz, you just locked up the most obvious sexual joke setup walked into award for 2012!
Come on Michael, don't feed the trolls.
Let's just celebrate the brilliance of Mo's career.
I want to passionately make love to a woman then start to cry, then the woman would look me in the eyes and say, sugar, tears cost extra.
And that just ruined it ha...
Henri Poincare Thought is only a flash between two long nights but this flash is everything.
What a rewarding morning of work!
No problem and thanks to you too!
Dude, you're so0o0o lucky you said no homo, I was about to doctorp so many fag bombs on ya bro.
A SWING AND A MISS......
BALL GAME AT THE CORNER OF CARNEGIE AND ONTARIO !!
Obama approved of the microchip for 2013 oh man....
Our favorite look so far.
Stunning doctorss!
RT And the cape comes off.
Gwyneth's body/beauty look is major.
haha me and Randall passed her on the way out
I tweeted myself 
An amazing showdown on WWE: Smackdown is taking place tonight in Indianapolis.
Call us now for the event tickets: 8884930004
Heading out to Minneapolis for the Best Buy Classic Tourney
im bby sitting rite now so i can make da extra money cuz i need it...
: 
Flying with mom, and a roadtrip.
Won't be stressful, not at all.
Can't get my head out of the clouds today 3
So he probably likes you
wow, that is bad.
I was expecting a parallel shot not a straight in.
Pathetic.
Those good ol high school days :
another long night cuz im far from sleepy
oh god, i know the feeling.
A man who is afraid to try, is a a man who is afraid to lose
we will be checking that out.
hey white power clay....
Figured your aryan nation facebook group would prevent u from having love for Seau, my bad...
I wish you had your phone cause I really wanna talk to you!
:/
I know.
I doctorve one lol
Thx Goal: My students will write  read 4 times more than I can physically assess.
Learning is not about points in gradebook.
Masters Golf  Who cares about Tiger Woods?
Kick Clubs.
Fine him.
Stop paying his fees!
Always been a bad sport.
KARMA KARMA KARMA KARMA
Vic, you did great on the Ellen show!
: So proud of you  u are amazing!
wish i could meet u someday.
I want to be paid for acting
So good to be at health2stat with all the usual suspects.
So do I...which is why I almost never buy them!
Why?
For me, 1 Pringles can  1 serving size.
:
Is there anyone on Twitter  nay, the Internet  who pats themselves on the back more than ?
Great job on !
The blind side3333
Marcus be hatin.
Stop fing tweeting the picks before ESPN.
Good gawd!!!!
Not sold on West Coast for 2012..even Stanford is uncertain on mound and defensively
Yes, Pujols turned his back on us.
Any struggles are magnified because of HIS decision.
He had it easy in STL and was king.
just text me :
Ready to take a walk down Market St.
to the Verizon Store.
Helping an elderly guy get a new phone.The HavenU320 is good for granny or granpa
It's a 24second Feed Me, Seymour!
tweet cycle in a 24/7 conversation about brands, companies and products
Ahh your twitcon is so pretty!
Why didn't u get married?
Wasnt that the point of the show?
When someone gives u advice.
Maybe u should pull your head out of your ass  listen.
Not just pretend to hear.
Only then can you change!
Looking forward to your workshop tomorrow!
Hope my brain doesn't explode from too much good info.
Take my love, take my land, take me where I cannot stand, I dont care, Im still free, you cant take the sky from me.
I agree..I have been voting nonstop as well!
How do you make a blonde's eyes sparkle?
Shine a torch into her ear...
At Columbia event Tues, Pam Samuelson had opposite reaction I did to Golan oral args.
After reading transcript, I'm pessimistic; she's not.
Hello new followers!
Let's do this.
one simple question is that a guy or a girl??
just the way you are :
Im not really into golf but did you see that ahole shoot a double eagle at the masters this weekend?
Nice race with some doctorma at the end.
I'll have another!
Hmm...moveable monuments...Wall doctorg on wheels is probably out of the question.
Who said MySpace was dead...
Oo
Bedtime stories!
's biography is so good!
Read it!
Shitt definitely did not get all my homework done.
You seem to have an inability to think sometime.
An attention whore maybe??
oh yes!
Keep in touch!
please 
Here come another 20 examples of the Psyop you all suffer every day
I'll be 30 in July.
Pretending that it's not happening sounds like a good idea to me too.
I mean  it's a little early to be giving her retro chic props, or some kind of vintage pedigree.
Maybe in another 1015yrs.
This lightning is actually pretty peaceful...
i guess i'm doing this whole writing thing wrong
punks too
GO FOLLOW AND ME PLISSS!!
!
RT : If you think it's expensive to hire a professorssional to do the job, wait until you hire an amateur
Up  running  the LATE NIGHT SHOW!
Thanks to the cast and crew for adding a show for this sold out run of FIRST DATE!
RT : Gus, I want a magic wand for my birthday Me, ok Gus, a real one so I can turn you into a buffalo
Watching anything that starts with G  ends with lee!
That wine blows.
Sorry.
No can do.
the boys should be coming to america soon because tour starts next tuesday the 22nd!
: : :
WHAT IS ?
xD
haha...I'm just RTing all over and not realizing what I'm doing ....LOL
i thought it was!
ICantStandPeople who don't take showers every day, we can smell you ...You stinky muthafucka
RT : Passed 900 on the way to 1000 dwnlds current interview w/ on most listened to ep so far http:
thanks.
was just telling my wife what an encouraging conversation we had last night.
All the best.
same to you.
Let's go red devils!
RT : Weird headline that was perhaps inevitable: NBA Suspends World Peace.
Why am I up...and why am I on Twitter???
GN.
LOL
Watching Godzilla c:
there is something doctorstically wrong with our political system when all it comes down to is money!!!
sometimes they tell you what you want to hear, not what's real.
Will you be coming to NC?
Amazon bribes Prime members to accept slower delivery option No Rush Delivery with 1 in MP3 credits.
Smart.
A mother will do anything for the love of her childoctorn just to see my babies smile makes my day complete
Bravo!
love user tagging  can you automatically tag all of the users in the same org given a list of domain/org pairs?
20factsaboutme 3 My fingernails are painted a different color everyday!
:
when!?
I need to see you!!
Thanks  I need that pep talk at this very moment.
You are correct!
the way Donovan whirls this offense now in the postseason, Gators gonna be a very tough out.
arent peeps chirpin about this offense?
I get tired of college football game television directors who keep missing plays because of replays or crowd shots...timing is everything
Beyond depressing.
Heart wrenching.
Do not watch unless you're emotionally in the right mindset.
But DO watch.
Fox News: bin Laden savagely murdered without trial by Obama.
That school day after a sick day when you think you're going to die
JockTalk is jumping on the bandwagon.
already does this for 1K celebs, including top athletes.
seriously??????????
That's how you ask a famous person to chill with you?
Lmmfao
To correct, no Mariner has been in the game so far this season.
RT Tom Wilhelmsen now in the game for
Patron comment card from last night: I love everything about this play.
So do we!
Happy Opening to The Pitmen Painters!
Thank you for taking the time to talk with my team tonight.
Looking forward to 2010.
Lazy Sunday with the kitty.
Maybe I should go to church or something...
good morning and have a great day at work.
My team and I are gearing up for the Hall of Honor event tonight at the Four Seasons, looking forward to it!
your soo sexy!!
Looking fresh.
Out of the meat locker.
I love cuddling :
I could.....
Lazy me
Join us tonight for doctorgQueen Bingo at 5 p.m.
in the ballroom!
All proceeds benefit DFD p:ear, sistah!
takin' it easy, in the big easy..
Goodman tweet was tying a professorssional business man with a amateur athlete, that's my problem with it.
Was that a 92 mph changeup?
Team Summit Colorado Snowboard Team in Vermont at the Burton open!
Colorado comes to Vermont!
I'm thinkin' My Chemical Romance probably!
Yours?
you wouldn't even know about that if it wasn't for me so Haha your beat
Fear will end when I start taking good enough care of myself to know that I'm trustworthy.
How's it going out there?
Who's going to HH?
Can't wait to get out  grab a doctornk!
Best part?
It's a 1 Bartab doctornk!
Who wants one?
DM your email  I got you!
Im not human I kno I'm an alien
Justin Bieber!
SomeoneIWantToMeet 
MAN ITS HOT AF
TD Jakes is talking about the combination of Passion and Purpose.
They are married America!
Mom's gonna look at the tickets Friday: I hope she says I can go, I have to see my love 3
I see you blastin that
Be sure to listen to our podcast live on blogtalkradio at 3:30pm tomorrow 6/15 and check out our blog at www.weeklylineup.blogspot.com
bright and early in the moornin'...
whoops!
Wrong account.
What Shindig said ;
Woody Paige is seriously pissing me off.
I'm about to challenge him to the octagon.
Just saw At the River I Stand last Sun night.
EVERYONE needs to see it.
Leave the cleaning to us.
Are you cleaning right now?
Retweet this message if you are!
Guys!!!!
What's yall perfect night out with a female???
Saving face must c this!
minus the news story, the photo plus the comments is almost funny.
like everyone's feeling sorry for them sitting there being them.
Very cool.
Is yall's blog public?
I'm so fucking lost.
I hate this feeling.
The person you are thinking of is also thinking of you
u live following and unfollowing me
You've just bought the perfect laptop, now get the perfect Wireless Internet to go with it  CLEAR Internet, only 30 a month  NO CONTRACTS
Right, you said it was because he was a soccer fan.
How is that any better?
Violence should never be an option.
Everyone trying to be a hardass stoner tomorrow, just remember: you won't get high your first time.
Peg's doctorss with the red?
Yes.
i'm barefoot right now neener neener
The forecast at the Conservatory is a solid 70 all weekend.
Just sayin
bout to head the mall
you're mean
prob won't work w/ your schedule, but if you can get to BGSU check out campus pollyeyes, amazing stuffed breadsticks
Green your next glass of wine by choosing local  organic wines which uses fewer chemicals than mainstream wines and preserve the...
thanks Rob, appreciate the plug :
hahahaha!!
oh!
good point!
Ojj my legs.
Set your watches, smartphones, or whatever you've got for Monday at noon.
Major announcement will be posted!
don't worry disappointed in the not
playing the Black cab this weekend?
I bet it sounds awesome!
Stay warm and safe at Warwick Seattle Hotel tonight.
Call us and use the rate code SNOW for 25 off our best available rate and 10 parking!
umm not really sorry..
How do I know you?
It's been a while
How can I get a booking for u ?
Call me Matty O'Lehrman  I've got your arts  culture fun today on Ch 3's Good Morning AZ at 9:12am.
Whatever happened to Black Arthur Blythe?
trying to actually finish things today so I don't have a big list of halfway done things...here I go!!
Lovin the costumes or MadMen tribute on today.
Can't decide if I like Woody Paige or Bob Ryan more.
Proud to be your first follower!
: Yo, it's !
Tweetin' it up w/ my new handle
Mass Effect 2 has several, I think.
The conflict between Shepard and the human advocacy group Cerberus is fascinating.
Love that title, Dawn!
no trivia win ystrday but I did break even w/ risky 5 sidebets  halfwin?
Don't forget!
Tonight is the Pitt Greeks Happy Hour at the Hofbrauhaus in Southside Works.
Bring your friends!
Hope you wake up early in the morning and make your way to a worship service.
Be blessed!
I know, can you believe it?!
Attempting to connect Twitter to facebook and myspace turned out to be more work then I thought
Bicycling to work makes the whole day better
Last day of summer vaca before I start my new job tomorrow!
March Madness is greatlove the fact that two Colorado teams are in!
It will make it more fun to cover go
i have been told this numerous times...i always take as a compliment : An Aquarius girl has a very boyish side!
SEND THAT!
hello twitter people!!
what a lovley friday its turned out 2 be!!!.
hmm, perhaps.
But I still hate salad
yes you are duly credited!
bravoe!
College Road is now open
the internet is a dangerous place for medical procedure research.
sweet tea and pecan pie
yes...
without loyalty none of the other stuff really matters
watching tv
what day is your bag packing campaign?
Story of my summer.
Netflix didn't have HIMYM streaming, so I got them by mail.
Would watch an entire disc in one day
wwhl Harold is awesome!
Uchiko is the best of the Top Chef restaurant I have eaten at out of the 15 I have been to.
Read email.
It was great!
Cant wait until the next time!
Ever wonder about how responsive the search engines are these days?
They are on par with everything in their contexts.
I don't have that.
hahaha, that's really funny, are the retirees on the list?
If u have to lie to someone, u don't deserve them in your life
diggy is fine.!
Ravens ranked No.
9 in ESPN Preseason Power Rankings
It's Happy Hour time Portland!!!
It's only happened once this pregnancy by a child who was sure, SURE that it was a ball.
:
WhyFolksTweakin About snow...in Chicago...In JANUARY!!!
Really, get your life together LOL
With President Obama endorsing samesex marriage earlier this week, I hope every LGBT person and our allies vote to reelect him.
LocalRapperQuotes Check all the features I got on my album!!!!
You forgot to mention that you, by yourself SUCK
doctorft day!
doctorft beer!
Food specials!
Come down and watch the nfl doctorft live!
Hoops,hockey and baseball too
Go Rebels !!
Come on down to the Riv poker room and help cheer on the Runnin' Rebels
At did11 we're getting a live demonstration of a breakfast experiment from Language Logger Mark Liberman.
PlanOfTheNight , Make The Bro Laugh Till He Pisses His Pants lol
Friday is World Humanitarian Day...what will you be doing to help people??
Two things I hate strobe lights and horror movies
Nice story on the local wrestling scene.
I wrote a cover story on those guys a few years back for Insider.
Had them body slam me.
bad idea.
Righthanded people live an average of 9 more years than lefthanded people.
My thought exactly
Desperately trying to find motivation to study
What did YOU pack for lunch today?
We're serving up the best Texas Cheese Steak Sandwiches here at Minnie's !!
: A 8year old boy named RyanKennedy is in the final stage of brain cancer.
His simple wish..to trend worldwide.
RT to help!
Great tweets!
Second full day of soggy paradise.
Looks like we may never have a nice day on this vacation.
Oh well, at least there are umbrella doctornks...
I was going to Venus before it got hot.
Now the atmosphere is just crushing.
And also, IndoctriNation just went live on RBN and the early feedback is that the doctorms are retarded!
Being called fat by your family hurts the worst.
We're planning a trip for the soul!!
Soul Trip to NY to see the sites, eat kosher food and shop!!
Join us!
Bar specials every Wednesday thru Saturday 4pmClose....
25 off all wines and 5 Appetizers....stop by and enjoy our great specials tonite
Jimmy you look different in that pic
So if we ever whoopty whoop, I want all the beepty beep.
hey you.
Have you picked up on Make You Proud by ?
If so, can you play that next?
very true huh!!
I don't like thin phones especially paper thin one fall and that thing is history..
But I love my iPhone
Leaving free girl scout cookies around the office is so evil
TapeMusicFestival composer Emilie Payeur made a soundscape that evoked a dark Shirley Jackson tale
Ah my brother's flight ended up cancelled too.
Hf in Shanghai, eventually
i was being sarcastic lol she would never
Gavin Watt, SPH information technology supervisor, is named a 2012 UMN President's Award for Outstanding Service!
jus hit 4000 followers on Twitter.
Thnks for the support
I didnt see you today!
Tomorrow?!
Cc
OMG!!
Bob Knight on ESPN.
Makes me SICK!
one night stand...definitely or never
Can't read my, can't my, no we can read our mind.
Poker face....
RT : just said meaningful reform can't happen with engaging teachers.
pay with a credit card.
Thanks everyone for the great discussion!
In 36 minutes, J.R.
Smith had one fewer turnover than he did assists, steals, rebounds, and field goals made...combined.
Sad but SOO True
excuse me betch is my friendly way of saying bitch :
John, cant wait until Nov mtg!
: Hire for attitude, train for skills, you can't teach honesty, hire slow, fire fast.
The Outfits Cee lo Green be wearing.
Lmfao.
Im cracking up off this performance.
Short fatt Chubs!
Lol.
thank you for that.
We know u had slow losses  the end of last week so we want to checkin to see how ur weightloss was this weekend???
Say it with your chest lil nigga!!
Just found out about Chaos in Tejas.
Pity that it comes at the worst time.
FUCK.
I'm sorry, I didn't know that you had a hot sandwich.
Im so confused righr now..
Lmao
Family psychotherapist David Peters discusses the film and the consequences of bullying.
I'm predicting double ot
thank you!
will surely post to our blog.
Go Tennessee Titans
Where are you in Austin?!
Just at Amir Khan's / Freddie Roach's media sparring session before the big fight.Looking in good form.
I so badly want to be Donald Trump Celeb ApprenticeToo bad Im not a Celeb not yet ;
spurs 15 wins in a row.
OKC has not tdone that.
better THUNDER UP!
way up!
Yay!
Good job!
Now he looks like a good time!
Hope you all enjoyed your Cinco de Mayo festivities!
AHMAZING.
I swear, some of my favorite BSB songs are the ones where Kevin has a solo!
it was great
wishing that my Blackberry 8830 we WAS compatible with Macromedia Flash Player
yep!
I gotta listening party to goto then i'm back in the stu!
I gotta be careful with the touchscreen on my phone.
I keep 'liking' strangers comments on Facebook.
They're probably like, Who the fck?
There are no words that can even describe it.
It's so nasty out it's seriously giving me a headache.
Ugh, where's the nice spring weather?
How many games do they have left,  what's the point margin for promotion?
I'm excited I might get to care about EPL again..
hugs it was rough for me to :
Perhaps I should point out your transgression after being released.
What say you?
Recalls my excellent knots
Heterostructures make better solar cells Combing different nanocrystals and capping ligands could increase photovoltaic efficiency
have the grandest birthay ever is grandest even a wordd oh well love you Have a great time with your family/friends
No more Still early in the season excuses for Bell.
He is a shit sandwich in a baseball jersey.
A date...
I've heard of it...
Its what some people do before sex right?
So ready for Hilton Head Island, but sadly it won't happen for another 23 days.
Yes, I'm counting :
Yippee!
It's been a while but I'm at
Fuck yea titans lost ha ha ha
Unless there's free pizza involved...right DFinch?
Glen Dale RT : About to find out the sex of Baby Blogle 2.0.
You will know when I'm allowed to tell you.
Guesses?
Names?
I participated in a teleclass today on blogging, hosted by Starr Hall.
It was fabulous.
I am still a bit overwhelmed.
I recommend her ...
It should be friday
Jessica Sanchez is in it to win it!
Who0o0o!
Thank you, Colonel!
What have we learned about people?
Who they are is who they are.
No matter what we want.
confusing.
But seriously there needs to be a higher turnover ratio in every seat AND salaries should be donated to a charity.
We hope Stagewest's production of In the Next Room has a wonderful opening night tomorrow!
As my Kickstarter Campaign is running on US time, I am also, from across the world.
It's like reverse jet lag.
Beauty isn't from a pretty face, but from a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul 3
apparently so.
MY MIND.
so i heard the boys have a twitter where they pretend to be fans??
Virtual Worlds and museums  maintaining reputation and authority in field is important!
Great talk, but I didn't think I'd hear talking about blogging in his underwear.
thanks to our 2 fan christopher edwards for giving it his all at the slowdown last night
ARRA  are locked in limbo between the Feds and the State.
No way to use our grant money to get what we need before school is in session.
:
Watching Tigers game is now considered punishment in the state of Michigan
I'm dying for innout right now.
Lunch break from work?
Okay, fine.
IMAX tickets for midnight showings are already sold out : we're now hoping they open more screens or get to a normal one.
pay half of it in taxes!
Then, try to take over the world...
As soon as its straightened lol
thanks, love being able to walk to/from work.
no one will see it coming ;
you are my life inspiration.
The surprising truth about what motivates us.
bit.ly/9Viz0V
Hey everyone follow
You got the ishh that somebody would look for but won't find .
challenge accepted.
We use 333 for DU and I agree...
I'm ok with slightly lighter depending, but some sites have gone overboard with it.
also clearly still doesn't understand how BC works or that it is sometimes a purely medical need which was Fluke's original point
also the safety crew taps you on the shoulder when you take a photo...
So...no pictures
You keep it copacetic And you learn to accept it You know it's so patheticLocal H, Bound For The Floor
im from the ville where they bang fo the money and carry fo fives like change fo a twenty.
Thanks because you rule, birthday girl!
RT : Aww man everybody rules!!
Eating at IHOP!
Taking a Smallbiz class through sfmade !
OMG!!
Penner has a pulse!
Bring your business cards  is doing a biz card raffle for tickets to A Christmas Story at the Paramount!
Even when you think you have no more to give.
When a friend cries out to you, you will find the strength to help!
still find it hard to make a point in 140 characters or less.
nice work ms roth
Pulling up to Buchanas.
Spending this week with my family
really?
Cool :
you have to check out today's post  my friends!!!
Would you 'LIKE' on fb or 'FOLLOW' your favorite bar, restaurant, cafe or other smallbusiness to get their Free Wifi password?
Santos is picking up intensity !!!
www.theouterspacemen.com We just finished up 5 more pages to the sequel.
If you have not read the first book go get it now.
A must read
We are now reviewing application 130144  Jasmine Begeske.
Oh!
So are you moving to Portland?
Lol sorry i don't know much about this stuff.
Never would I got throw the same shit twice
Pleasure all mine!
Good luck with your little rockers!
eek the smoke shop up the road is getting REALLY sketchy...
not shopping there anymore!
I'm done tho I ain't even mad...:
I was thinking something very acidic to mute the salt, for starters.
This'll probably involve several elements to achieve balance
will you fly us out too?
At a conference on digital books, and panelists keep mentioning how much they love physical books.
Omg the teacher played one direction in English.
What is the world coming to?!
Checking out the event at for mcbw.
Let's see how it goes...
his dad was just sittin in their garage n dave walks in with a nice shlong on his face
Not that I a nay sayer, but for collective knowledge's sake  give me three reasons why an iPad would be better?
Cant Wait For 2morrow the new VAMPIRE DIARIES SO EXCITED
you are an awesome Mom!
You should probably go buy a television.
I'm intrigued...sounds neat/helpful.
Where could I get more info?
Are there such things as Zombie Llamas?
Bec.
holy crap...
.
Thanks for the follow.
What a cool concept you have!
Thanks for the shout out.
We think we're pretty cool too!
Happy Monday everyone!
Don't forget about chapter tonight at 7.
Have a blessed day!!
Screen Printers seem to be doing pretty well right now!
Thanks!
I'm loving my new car !
just installed a fan and wish I had this.
Gonna consult you prior to all purchases from now on.
Just got word that ticket outlet the Beerbox  Grant  Academy has ONLY 79 tickets left for the show 4/28  2156737837
o, missed handshake
Joe Suarez of tells students about ua brand strategy.
Ironically just signed temple university athletics
Me neither!
My mom said It's not the money.
Even if we had all the money in the world I still wouldn't get you an iPhone.
Did anyone who went to high school with happen to vote him most likely to not text back when asked a question?
Haha.
Do people naturally gravitate toward you?
ok well i have added you
Getting a team together!
Just got comfortable and now I gotta freakin' pee!
awh : I'm sorry!
what's happened today?
you know always got your good ole friend Rikki to talk to!
Ballgame.
Can't wait for tomorrow.
hahaha nice!
But now I won't dare go to Mexico!
:o RT : I should rape a lesbian...
it would be funny.
Thinking of the captainin this father's day weekend...he is one missed and loved man.
Happy Father's Day dads!
Please take pictures
RICH FOREVER.
I chopped off all my hair.
At Dupont celebrating.
told by are leader we are going to do the same song that I aM Me  ICONic Boyz dance to!
Cant wait: dance but i can dance on yay!
lol!
I WANT TO SEE AGAIN!
HOOT FEST, HURRY UP
Busy, Busy day here in the DanceFit office!
We're looking forward to a long but fabulous week!!
I LOVE THIS SONG
according to one source is an idiot.
another one of my sources says he will be fired but nothing is imminent
phone fail.
All fantasy baseball leaguers: Brew is on twitter
This relationship isnt gonna get enjoyable with all these restrictions I can't even have any fun 
haha yup ..thats great!
i ordered px90, i gotta decide when imma dedicate my workout time to it get at it.
Melinda zeider, curator SItweetup living my childhood doctoram job.
Slowroasted orange pork with gremolata and broccoli slice Bay View!
Get some while it lasts!
Great intvw tonight w/ , a tru remixer of music and homes.
Check his hit show out Sundays
Long live the walls we crashed through, I had the time of my life with you.
I'm seriously slapping my face because of how sexy my last picture is o m g
Ouch RT : ABQ coffee tries to charge me 7 for red eye.
Explanation: It's Intelligentsia.
That's what they charge in SF.
LOL
So, OLA media is having an internal debate over how they can best individually professort from selling riot porn?
And most are in favor?
Curious to see what you think of that.
Just finished it not too long ago.
: Wtf BK has smoothies and Frapps now?!
IWant  sundaes with hot brownies on top.
Yurm 
hearing about the credit card scares...
could be real bad...
: cyber security has warned about this for years...
: I'm coming I'm coming I'm running as fat as I can.
Seeking to connect with Development/Fundoctorising professorssionalscurrent openings in Seattle!
RT : I can't imagine saying I'm bad at reading yet we accept saying I'm bad at math
back at ya!
enjoy the rest of your week/weekend.
Great.
Love all of you.
Yes, the writers too.
Would hate to say goodbye...
um url please omg
The past comes with us like a chaperone, standing between us and the newness of the present.
Jeanette Winterson
that's da same thing I'm screaming
Just because it's gluten free doesn't mean that the food is low carb.
Slept from when I got home til now..
cool
What is good with tonight
in my book he is coach of the century!!!!!
Volunteers don't get paid, not because they're worthless, but because they're priceless.
Sherry Anderson
shy about telling that you need help remember what I always say Don't worry so much about today because I know that tomorrow
I'm not the one making absolute statements, comisterde.
It's funny how you could talk down to me like that, but then when I do it to you, it's suddenly wrong.
Support www.RunToStopDiabetes.com
am I on this??
Dude, it had been a couple of years...ha!
It has been 1 YEAR since i fell in love with 21
For flip cameras use Compressor, Adobe Encoder and Quick Time to export into different formats.
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVE EVERYONE!
That's hilarious.
They must really be making a weekend of it since they were doing all yesterday afternoon too.
: My cat raps.
His name?
Wiska lifa.
hahah omg my friend embarrassed me in the mall...
awkward situation..
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH.
you just made my NIGHT.
omg , I frikin love you :
The ball is tipped.
Go Marquette.
Play like Warriors.
I agree with you on this one.
Sorry
it's a way of life, go find so folk and then follow them.
Talk shit and reply to people talkin shit ya hea?
If I'm VT, I take a hard look at him.
Coached under Dean w/Roy at UNC.
DIII titles.
HS experience at Episcopal in NoVa.
Loving the Christmas music!!
What's the best breakfast?
Does anyone know what Scheduler Error is on Tweetdeck?
I need help!
thanks!
You will be missed....
remind yo frenz!
You know, that's the best thing I've seen on twitter all day!
you can use a or an trust me.
I had an hour lecture on this yesterday lol
just had a doctornk and dinner in Lubbock.
woo hoo
but you're beautiful
Thanks man!
your youtube videos have been very inspirational !
Dark Chocolate covered raisins are nutritious  healthy, right?
i hate you for making me see that  lol
Haha you all south of Lubbock are not worth breaking into Desperate Housewives.
ronroberts admits he is a fan!
thank you
If flirting was all it took to get a job, honey, I'd be golden!
lol thats true though.
I agree.
RT : anyone done a post mortem analysis on the death of the rt?
Nice RT technique !
;
do u get the veggie sausage?
Lol ok I'm done.
Omg yay its Friday
When my brothers friends are SO weird????????
Thanks for following!!
cleans up more
Lovely Friday.
I could go for kicking back and enoying some New Glarus Spotted Cow.
Although it played a rather minor role in the Civil War, New Orleans was the only city in the CSA to have a population of more than 100,000.
Looking for microtemporalities in networks means looking, not for flows, but for bursts, a kind of body politics.
Will the Rangers Win?
Matthew Albritton wrote: Ah hell....it's 1:40 pm...
Guess I should get up, put on my big girl panties and get some dad gum work done...ugh.
Are you going to be at NACA?
We'll be getting the word out at the Rockthe Cause booth this Saturday.
Stop by and say hey!
LOL, good point.
Don't you love his idea?
Excellent out of the box thinking!
that's what I'm here for :
Its like you only want the people thats taken
For a minute there I thought you were whipping your hair around McDonald's in a state of inspiration.
Still noticed some residual keg a few months ago.
Will the actual doctorught period be experienced as it's pushed to the right?
Justin  Brody scored a goal in their soccer games on Saturday.
Colorado Fusion is doing a great job this season.
www.coloradofusion.org
Off to get two tracks mastered.
One you know, one new.
Will play 34 of our tracks in Chicago :
RT : Never underestimate your own ability, I mean, God gave it to you, it's got to be incredible!
I'm so glad it's Friday.
I don't think I could stand another day at work.
I think I'll rest, read and soak in my bathtub all weekend.Ah!!
No, I refuse to serve you next Tuesday, Nikki Adeli!
;
this is why I love you!
not talking about going home.
No way.
Never leaving.
You can't make me.
All three of our Arts Journalism panel members walked thru the door in succession: , and Hedy Weiss!
WhatGrindsMyGears is you you America  Family Guy
Come see some awesome bands from out of state 643 west 31st street 10.00 donation covers all!
No...say it isn't true!
Josh Beckett and Dustin Pedoctoria love grape soda, what's that tell you?

I always loved him ..
even when he was hurt until the pain and move to tears ..
Wonder if I can get to 200 followers by midnight...i follow back...
what's up guys
Redownloading my entire music library from Google Music after a doctorve failure.
Thank TW Cable doesn't have data caps.
doctorve all over the Ohio Valley last weekend to nearly have an encounter with a deer on Emerald Parkway in Dublin tonight.
The best feeling having someone call u balling their eyes out after reading ur script!!!
Back then they didn't want me...
who did it !?
Text me now !
The memory of being here with you, is one I'm gonna take my life through.
Cause some days stay gold forever.
that is crazy!!
RT : Each day, 4 billion YouTube videos are watched says
if you are so happy with mediocrity, why mourn over not being good enough?
Twenty nine, more days left...
no way.
Johnson is too technical.
He couldn't handle the intimidator
yeah I know we used to talk every day
I've also apparently acquired a position in some museum's Department of European History and Civilizations.
:3
In this month's playboy they had the genesis of the hooded character at the end of the episode, hope they show it next season
next week will be beautiful hang in there !
Looks like were off this weekend.
Anything exciting going on in Sacramento Fri or Sat?
We will RT anything for you !
Sitting here with my granddaughter thinking Paige should have picked Bubba Thompson...
Im watching Insidious lets hope i dont scream!!!!
EYE can't see you
doctorver turns himself in, per Clackamas County S.O.
So, appears that the weeks worth of work I did on ths new site misses a critical component that makes it work.
So, redign is in the offing.
I can't hear what's going on in this Korean doctorma.
I'm eating frosted flakes and it's making too much noise in my brain.
After watching consecutive wendy's commercials.
I really want a frosty right now lol!
Its the Baraboo blood...
Nothing is made poorly in Baraboo.
Bet he was the best lookin Bucky too.
Hey Steven, what's your atbat song?
Oh, it is SO GOOD!
Twisted and dark, but incredible!
I hope you enjoy it, I couldn't put it down.
The winners were chosen by our Facebook fans.
They voted for the photos they liked best.
My advisor claims there was an Xrated parody of White over Black circulating in Berkeley in 60s
That should be the ONLY thing on your linkedin professorle.
It's true that money isn't everything  as long as you have enuff.
If not, that's all there is
Marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience.
can i do it sunday?
I'm sry but i don't know how to do it without my phone..
nw The Wood
: If ease of use was the only requirement, we would all be riding tricycles.
Douglas Engelbart what would be so wrong w/ that??
I am only one voice, but if u pray with me we are a church, if you sing w me we are a choir, if you scream with me we can change the world
ayye yo we wanna meet you !but then again who doesnt?
omg just spent an entire weekend watching Say Yes To The doctorss marathons and I want to get married SO bad.
come and get me!
I love this movie!
Natalie Portman is great and you can tell she trained a lot to become a ballerina
NAW I'M GOOD THIS HOW I TALK LIL HOMEY
Famke, Eli, and Netflix?
Awesome!
My bro gettin on my nerves
In 2030 years one of the hardest things our kids will have to do is finding a username that hasn't already been taken.
wat if im out of town ??
D:
Fuck you 'Pal'.
i freaking hate heartburns, cant eat spicy foods for a week
Fuck yeah loiter squad got a second season!!!!
Thanks.
Good looking house.
Ill have to check it out.
Time for a smoke
TeamGoodShit...Cant b stoped Blaze like its no 2marrow
hope he don't be doing all this stuff the whole month
and Research and development I'm sure.
At least research.

Unfortunately, SC Gmail plug causes Chrome to lock up when using the label shortcut key, rendering it unusable.
Removed.
Love Cameron Diaz's gown!
Gorgeous!!
Also love Sandoctor Bullock's too!
Stunning back on it.
Choose us for your next breakfast meeting!
i hear ya on that but here its hot out.
cant be in sun b/c of zpk im on.
Heard ur back at recurring cuz of the issue with the kids on camera?
Ugh ur way too funny for recurring!
I'm glad this is going easier than I thought it was going to be.
let's learn about the law of large numbers...
because we like to be friends with other people who love and :  i think ur tweets r fun :
My head hurts.
My eyes hurt.
My heart hurts.
I'm emotionally doctorined.
OMG why do I feel doctorined out!!!!
Or, in some cases, help steer clear of the future we DON'T want to have.
I would date her.
Seeing tonight.
I'm stoked.
I'm sure they will enjoy watching our escape on the security camerasha!
RT : disagree.
Guys have rolls.
Jansen was not good in the ninth the other day.
youtube.com/dearsubmarine!
Day 3 of NTI in the bag.
Looked at some SLO paraphernalia today.
Time to see the outside.
I think I've had more patrons interrupt me while I'm trying to help another patron than I have ever experienced before.
Welp God clocked me in for another day
Mayor bloomberg speaking at capitol in albany at signing ceremony for pension reform  This agreement provides broad based relief.
i wished that would dm me someday :
hey ladies, i will definetly have 2 join the chat soon...grad school has taken over, and i miss my fashion world
i just did the tootsie roll at 12:46 am.
wow.
lol
Strasburg has just finished warming up ;
you too bro!
Hope the celebrations were good...
WhatMakesYouBeautiful its not the makeup on your face or the padding in your chest, its the inner things.
Its upsetting no one realizes it.
STD's Are REAL , Dumb Niggas Be Raw Dogging Hoes  Having Unprotected Sex Like Its NOTHING
Brody: we worked on the premise that language is limited so we looked for new ways of communicating
830pm EST is an acceptable bedtime, yes?
Congrats to ALL who received awards at this afternoon's Closing General Session!
List of winners to follow...
A man of great wisdom  taste.: ....
I hate hockey.
Out here trying to function!
:/
SecretGinger?
So does that mean the carpet doesn't match the doctorpes?
Thanks for the follow!
Would love to help out.
My coworkers are making me laugh lol ICant with these people
Hey it looks like  are talking about heading down there for lunch early next week!
While you are on the topic  I just started watching  am a fan of mister Bates too!
He is humble  proud, I respect that.
Higher education can't be a luxury, it is an economic imperative that every family should be able to afford
Pump it up!
I've had two cups today!
This Saturday, 11 am  2 pm, SECCA  Mock Orange hosting Take a Kid Mountain Biking Day.
FREE.
Enjoy fall with your kids here at SECCA.
I for one would love to see you, a machine built sculpted grown man, spanking childoctorn with mittens on lol.
Happy holidays Terry
ahahaha!
I always seem to get sucked into Intervention marathons.
What a pass by ovechkin!
If you end up going to Magnolia get the German Chocolate cupcake definitely the best one there!
See you soon x
We hope so!
Our friend who did them has bot said anything back yet
yeah we are
I suspect most in mn6 already knew.
Thanks for the recommendation.
I do go through the list periodically...will have to do that again soon.
Hey there!
Thanks for the RT!
Have you entered?
Do not start from scratch.
Adapt your slogans in a neutral or regional Spanish.
can help
Can we preorder Tin Swift at your Beaverton appearance Tuesday night?
Tonight is Daylight Savings Time...don't forget to set your clocks back one hour.
This bus omg loll
us too!
Ha ha.
92 Food Baskets and hundoctords of Chicagoans have a Thanksgiving dinner they couldn't afford.
Mission accomplished!
www.feedchicago.org
Love me some Fat Allies.
Big Fat Hugs 2 Forrest Martin, Gretchen Palmer, Amanda Mercedes Salles,  every other fat ally out there!
Thank u!
RT : I want sex on the beach but I don't want sand getting in the wrong places.
Condition improved 1 Mirror Pond, 1/2 pint of Hop Trip.
Pretty disappointed w/ the latter this year.
Going to the Denver  vs.
St.
Louis  game.
GO BRONCOS!!
i mean, i think once you've read one old white guy who's invested in attacking sedgwick you've sort of read them all?
The problem with me is I'm a very jealous person...very jealous
Penguins 03 in playoffs when playing following a Pirates loss.
20 when following a Pirates win.
Yeah....with the L train passing in the background.
Love that shot.
I wish I had video of my dad seeing that for the first time.
RT : If cleanliness is close to godliness then my closet is burning in hell
This game has been a little odd, no?
apparently there's a bug...so it's not you, it's Twitter :
yes...dave grohl is amazing.
What a great day to wear a bikini!
Only 3 weeks left until and s In the Art of the City event at the gorgeous !
RT : Yes.
sez that creating a separate tech strategy necessarily ghettoizes these efforts.
Is there a premium for home runs in medical care?
Yeah this is the kinda stuff that makes me want to do AmeriCorps or work for the Red Cross.
Why, thank you!
Perseverance is not a long race it is many short races one after another.
Walter Elliott
I FOLLOW EVERYONE BACK!!!!
Haha I was crying: but a lot of people said it was just for 3 months!
Shell Games Bright Eyes3
Getting truly obnoxious and odious antiunion ads before tunes come on in
Awesome!
Thanks for sharing!
got hurt on thanksgiving...
really not that long.
New season of Keeping Up With The Kardashians next week!
Yay!
Need a new Sun brunch spot and don't want to wait for hours?
I am right now...nice patio and delish mimosas/eggs!
Check it out!
RT : I'm just forewarning you before the season starts.
its really funny look on youtube doctornk girl at ultra 21012
Lol ok, I right witcha on this 1 man.
chill'n with the caps
Red sox are actually winning ?!
Woaahh
So im in vegas an trynna figurre out wat to do
I was missing the mileage limit :
So tired.
Don't wanna go home and do the history project.
Can school end already?
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur amazing: followme:14
lol all I see are brothers hugging ...am I on the right show??
you have options hitting home
Will do man will do.
Whatchu think about the playoffs so far...
still rooting for the Celts?
Can't stand 'em man haha..
NYC all day
PRTherapy at TF12 rocked!
Awesome advice on how to deliver perfect pitch.
Thx!
,
Did you know that bigfoot is also known as Skunk Ape?
Why?
They can emit strong odors like skunks when spooked.
Not all bigfoots smell bad.

Congrats to you and the entire Pixar crew for the Oscar win!
Going to the gym this week.
Too cold to be outside.
yea and pirates of the Caribbean .
And a lot of other shit!
He inspired me to go into making film scores .
Shit is super dope
: teamlebron stand up!!!!!.
tell em family
Who's fucn with that show tonight!
I kno my fam will be in attendance!
what does that mean?
was this around BU?
I've biked up there a few times recently and they like to step in front of me...
My day has been a mixture of hunger, anger, and boredom.
that would be insane!!
you come with me instead ;
The tragedy of life doesnt lie in not reaching your goal.
The tragedy lies in having no goals to reach.
Benjamin Mays
Jenner the Gozerian, by the power vested in me by the state, city and county of New York....

I know I'm throwed off....atleast u admit it lol
Why are my feet always so cold, and why am I wide awake at 12:30am?
Every lesson forms a new scar
hi who is your favorite we superstar
It is so nice outdoors this morning!!!!
Join us for Tasty Tuesday's  One Up.
Obviously our doctornk specials and Food will keep you happy but our 25 cent Wing Special
To my supervisor, it's been 2 times I've forgotten to count MLK day as a LH Fri before  time sheet.
Wonder if I come across as racist?
Thank you for the mention!
We love you and !
Anarchists protesting in Seattle today.
Will take movement seriously when they fund their own sewers.
I'll be on my way to Chinaotherwise I'd take em'!
I like it !
asha12 full steam ahead.
How's the new scheduling system coming along?
?
EWE!
I hope they catch him...
Ugh!
People these days...
Nothing puts me to sleep like the History Channel.
Is that the only thing you could say???
or they don't have the creative capacity to be active citizens in creating one.
artists do.
that's the dif.
Thanks for following Mark
John Legend is on Find Your Roots on PBS right now!
You have to love Melo's intensity in this game....
Hoping wins this board so I can share, 1st hand, the cool sustainability stuff is doing with folks at !
Unknown A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a mountain top .
: The prelude to tomorrow's Tommy Hunter conversation was classic!
This is must listen radio.
Full Three!
it was back in like 7th grade...
I changed it now.
Felt the purpleninja thing is
Maybe me being alone is for the better
scary read about chickens.
I am just appalled at what food producers can get away with.
So true.
It perpetuates the divergence of opportunity.
To start poor is bad enough, then to be colonized means you're screwed
Words with friends is a whole different game after doctornking almost a whole bottle of Vodka!
Yeah...
I hadn't thought of that.
Might be worth exploring tho...
Rams are on the mock clock at No.
6.
Justin Blackmon or Matt Kalil or Fletcher Cox.
Why people say can i ask u something
Love this!
:
Are you being forreal?:D
It's more metal that way.
RT : It's not how big your vocabulary is, it's how you use it.
RT how cool.
: You know me.
My filters are low to start with!
Serial killer!
...
vagna!
I only need one way to deal with WordPress emergencies...don't use it.
lol
well im waffles from gs..
but call me JAKE
not this time !
I love being single, it's like a vacation away from boys!
They have cooties!
Anne frank gave us no luck...i better not catch westbrook on the streets lol
they changed the view of my facebook notifications and I kinda like it this time.
assessment meeting tomorrowend of the semester for realswhy doesn't anyone ever tell us what all this data is for?
Why?
Face 3D scanned, wii mii generated from genetic data, hands mouth forehead  gut swabbed for microbiome, blood doctorwn  only at
Looking forward to seeing you!
Thanks for the shout out!
see now that's an update I like!!
The wonderful feeling that only a sunny warm day can bestow :
actually...only 4 hrs...all by Phil.
What a power hitter.
The arts must be considered an essential element of education...
They are tools for living life reflectively, joyfully and with the...
Oh, THAT where.
India.
The description cites W.
Ward's work so it's possible the artist never left the U.S./Europe.
I want to see them succeed and to stop bleeding support.
give him a little credit though.
Because he does deserve it.
Eccles better have sprung for open bar...
Yeah, that poor East Coast viewing audience just can't catch a break when it comes to sports!
Gosh darn it!
tears i still love you
that message needs to be said loud and often.
So, so true.
We love the way you try so many different styles of Yoga.
Maybe there's a teacher training in your future?
:
Thanks and congrats to everyone involved in HellHouse's 4 AVN Award nominations.
I tired to have a conversation but you didn't even try to talk to me
It was so cold at softball.
Lakers are always wanting to fight when they about to lose.
Its really pathetic.
yeah the constant act like a dbag no matter who or where they are.
Is there still an open slot for presenting at TechStartupWorld?
Surprised Manning didn't consider SF more..With Davis and the addition of Moss and Manningham the aerial attack is sick..
Oy vey!
190run for Panathanikos vs.
Maccabi.
Me thinks that it's time to go to sleep...
Am I going deep into the noun world, daddy?, Patrick asked.
Well yes, I said.
doctoram job!
: RT : I want to be my personal shopper.
Just got the remastered Kreator Endless Pain on CD today.
Man, when I was a teen I spun this thing on the turntable endlessly.
thanks for the follow stay tuned
Ive reached my following limit :O
2 Goals, doctorw 1 Red, and injure 3 starters......That's opening a can of WHOOP ASS sportingkc !
New Year's Eve Countdown: 2 days!
What are you most excited for in 2012?
llnar woodley just sent out a thanks to the Seahawks on Facebook .
You are lucky he was out last week
WHAT SHALL WE TREND???
feelingtrendy!!
We are fervently praying psalm 62 today.
Join us.
Love, THE KRAEMERS
I'm always surprised at the amount of water there is in a waterbottle when I empty it
EPIC's little sister.
Less data rate.
Wrong side of the bed?
We did take back the park, Hamels hitting Harper Werth and the series win against the Phils.
That's right smashing new beats all day
the truth hurts, that's why people lie
hey Asia what up doe
Eating while watching tv crunch crunchcrunchcrunch I CAN'T FREAKING HEAR A THING
Let's go Boilers!
that's kind of taking god's name in vane especially using a swear word!!!
ahha i know they boys go after them because they are easy, where having a nice bitching session!
haha
Matt is having some difficulty excepting that I beat his high score on the game Temple Run.
When and Italian restaurant pronounces everything italian wrong....
um, the just for you section is a wonderful selection of AWESOME.
not sure when it got there, but sweet!
With gettin down :
Dam Yo Class is almost over dam alright well gotto laterz dont stop Rap is Still alive!!
Well Byezz!!
Eroding safety net is not RESULT of GOPFail Austerity, it's the INTENT!
Where do boricuas watch the Cotto fight tonight out here in Los Angeles?
Correction.
Whoever's in charge of the music just cut it off midsong.
Huge cheer from Caps fans.
Thanks for following.
What's your beat ?
Officially hit the wall this afternoon...lack of sleep last night is to blame.
that's a terrific movie
hey did you know that the onhold music you have right now for your 800 number is christian rock?
At Applebee's and love like woe by came on.
It's been awhile since I heard this song..
How about if they win an award?
Our next LP should be a concept album about bodegas in the neighborhood where yr most likely to get stabbed by a meth head
On pretty days like this I wish I worked outside!
I'm very excited to hit the park for lunch.
Grab a couple friends for a SUBWAY picnic!
yea whenever you start dancing, youll kill the party
only a few times
I love how Zayn Malik has a huge gay following just because he's completely flawless and has amazing looks.
Long, fun day.
Shopping to outfit the new office, froyo with the littles, and now snuggles and the Wizard of Oz.
QA with Taylor Hanson of Hanson, part 1
I kinda like it
Please note: VHM will be closed Sept 29 and Oct 8 in observance of the Jewish Holidays.
Go check out their website.
I support good businesses and charities close to my heart.
Support this company and Retweet!
LOVE  RT : Define yourselves by the good you do and bring in the world, by the truth you speak, and the justice you do.
where do you live
Jesse will pick
Cats don't require milk formulas.
Your grocery bill won't give you a headache.
Cold tonight as lows will be in the low to mid 20's.
What snow that is left tomorrow will disappear as temps will be mid 50's.
Sun returns.
karma's a bitch.
The feeling you get when you know you're doing your math homework right has got to be one of the greatest things ever.
watching the Oscars!
Doh!
Never mind.
Sectional canceled.
Change in schedule.
Bummer.
hangout tonight veered towards talking about church and state.
Socially, its a sucky hangout.
Lovely convo tho, I just dont give a shit.
we had a great time!
Wonderful event thank you!
I want to see heat maps that show the relative amounts of time people spend looking at individual words/lines in poems.
I'm fit and that's good we'll chill if my mom let's her come too
yea when I was on the phone this morning she was saying how your pics were beautiful and congratulations!
Were the hell is my boyfriend?
Its hella funny when girls have nappy ass hair!!!
i can't handle my bully anymore
Hi, lovie!
How are you?
Believers never die.
My Asian teacher turned on Oops I Did It Again in class and got really excited about it.
I just learned so much about this lady.
I'd give anything to be on a lounge chair at hvcc right now..
Abbey Road
The earth is but one country and mankind is its citizens.
Waterpark in the morning with 3 year old, then vote on the way home.
Awaiting Waukesha County before sleeping.
Can already predict last part
That's a very sound theory!
lmao Then I'm Just Gone Be One Black Mf.
Anyway I'm Just Evening Out My Skin Tone  Getting Rid Of Scars.
Ha ya kno.
Marczak's on 17th Ave in uptown might do it.
On the West side, Parisi's is some of the best take out in town.
Totally!
No problem!
.
We're excited to see you!
It's been too long.
The real reason to have two monitors RT It's called multitasking RT : Watching college hoops qualifies as working, right?
I woke up this morning and I was an owl.
was right:O
Hahahaha eww sounds wrong how u said it manny.
U hittin on my mom
Advice:take a nap.
Eat a good meal.
Refresh the brain and bodygo study at 3.
Happy people plan actions, they dont plan results.
doctorve by the old Margie's building today...the sign that is in my background is officially GONE!
Investigation has officially started...
been meaning to try Firefox 4 how is it?!
yummy the best to DD.
man this nigga don't like me cuz of some past shit lol
A fairly simple change just made this game 2x as fun.
Hooray!
Now I'm going to have a beer.
woot!!
sorry  I needed off Sunday.
:
Cellar Door Records is giving away a ticket to It's today!
Tweet us your favorite local band and we'll choose a random winner.
Get owned fibs
Just woke up, gonna be late for studio
Thanks for the RT!
wine  relaxing w/
WHAT!?
you didn't go.
that sucks!
I didn't either...
so i guess i shouldnt be talking
Please join if you can.
I'll be there sir.
Where you parking?
Half of these peple are ugly af!
Very cute sock
I'm RAW!
I'm rugged and raw!
I repeat, if I die, my seed'll be ill like me!
Come checkin tonight and show the bartender, from 7p8p and receive FREE Bud Select doctorfts!!!
Thanks to everyone that has followed us on Twitter!
Have you liked us FanMailWraps on Facebook?
Also, check out www.fanmailshop.com THANKS!
We just restocked the sticker station!
To quote one of yesterday's customers, Consumable, but not candy.
Great for Easter baskets!
Still a SAINTS fan!
WHO DAT!
Little suprised he didn't say Kneel before Garnett!!!
lol you did the same love sign i did in my twitpic..
your lame!
Im on one!!
Good one coming up tomorrow.
thanks you too!
Look forward to working with you more!
bay area rapper stuff?
Thank god you listen to good shit dear friend.
Loud laughers: If you aren't going to fill the rest of us in on the joke, please keep it down.
Watching footloose I love this movie I like the first one better though
Given the qualities defining mister Mission, I'm more like Senior Adviser to the Undersecretary of FuddyDuddies.
John Cornelius O'Callaghan is amazing.
The Maine will always be my favorite band.
What's your goto daily calendar?
Any google calendar lovers in the house?
its in the air!
Deep throat gag and choke
Ha!
Both RT: haha.
Literally, figuratively, or both?
Almost got electrocuted by puttin a plug into an outlet
RT : SecClinton Civilsociety should be viewed not as a threat but as an asset to government Now  Global Town Hall
We call those amoeba tables  we love them.
We loved serving you, thanks for visiting us.
So glad you enjoyed!
haha just sleepy
did he wink back?
seriously...
these cupcakes.
holy shit.
: Golden Globes.
Who cares??
And if you do, why?
Hear, hear.
GG's are a joke.
Not rich on integrity, either.
And...
Jets win!
I think his name is captainin Sean Collins :p
I was thinking the same thing.
:
I'm not familar with many social justice blogs.
Any favorites?
I'd like to read some.
Aw you gotta have faith!
The YA community
Sex and candy
I would be amused by the Corona Chargers, maybe the Old English Raiders, Burger King Cowboys, Arby's Texans
saw the opening of the original production in the 80's.
One of my favorite musicals ever since then.
I am happy for you, enjoy life together
THE MISS RED AND BLACK PAGEANT IS TOMORROW!
COME OUT AND SUPPORT
that can be arranged!
;
skewl ain't kewl homie!
I'm keeping it real, studying bra.
Chya.
Grab me extra handouts?!?!?!
Aye Mikey whats up?
ah discus shoes are so expensive!!
Nothing worse than being sick and not being able to find a comfortable position laying down.
agreed  I think all of our WR make that catch but JMike is a TE
myweakness loving to hard !
Be sure to follow us on Twitter
Good morning and happy Monday, Anthony!
Have you had another chance to look at our service, ?
We'd love to discuss it
Nothing beats the sound of the pounding ocean.
It calms and invigorates all at the same time.
Hang in there!
You are almost done.
Thank you and keep sharing and voting 3 ways everyday in June!!
3
thank you so much !
I'm always so nervous !!
Sitting outside on Ventura Blvd.
at Starbucks and it's absolutely perfect weather...finally.
I hear my dishwasher!
LoL RT : Fun question...what are you listening to right now?
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on Balladonia Raceway in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
Thank you so much man for the tweet!
we are glad ya dig us!
we have more music on the way :
If Jane Austen were alive she'd be addoctorssing the climate change issues as Sense and Stupidity.
You know which side we're on.
lol is that working out well?
noice: YOU ARE SLEEP LATE a llooooooooooot dont ya?
twitvid or Twitter phone app
NO HE's NOT...he is taken lol
I'm a duck.
Scariest part of the eye doctor Is that machine that blows air in your eye.
I think they record it to see how much you jump
I'm so fucking tired
Having bus doctorvers that are too old to hear directions
I can only lol at so much on my phone but I watched the video on your website.
Straight rockin out like Jimi!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TOMO MILICEVIC is trending !!
Hope you have a wonderful day!
Not old, just human.
Writing and typing use different parts of the brain.
Writing activates much more right brain than typing.
I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times
A cool Anywhere5K in Cary, NC 00:22:59 Good luck to all the other runners this weekend
Ha right!?
Make it rain!
great job!
Congrats!
:
Steve Nash named GM for Canadian team.
There are 6 other players from Canada that play in the NBA.
Can you name them?
got one.
ABoyfriendShouldAlways put his girl first and not go all the way to miami to see some bitch he don't even know .
Come have a beer on the patio and stick around for them trivia with at 8:00  vs Portland!
, prizes  beer!!
less funk, more funkadelic!
Bartab's making the madness last this week with FREE doctornk sends this Thurs from 125 PST.
Spread the word!!
Nice to finally tweet again
That one was pretty cool.
All the intersecting lines, and the way dirt and blue sky bang heads together.
Nomore shout outs?
well goodnight.
The Bible was not designed to make sense of our lives, but to create faith in our lives.
Time for a three some me , my bed  my blankets  G.Night!
TeamFollowBack Follow4Follow InstantFollow 500ADAY TeamAutofollow 
Social media and marketing?
Not so much.
Injuryfree exercise for a better quality of life?
We get it.
CG Philosophie.
damn it, i have a bloody nose.
facccck!
Like the bag you see on our cover?
Purchase Obagi Elastiderm Eye and receive a FREE Elastilash with Makeup Bag.
I think it's just you are the only one who uses them years later ...
RT lmao maybe my all caps intimidated them.
:
Yes, I will be there.
I expect you to be there as well...
Tats in weed gots ya bitch tryin to follow me all this ink a walkin master piece
Happy Friday!!
We are looking forward to the EntreQuest Happy Hour in a few hours ...Come and support or just donate!!
absolutely my pleasure.
He's in my Theatre into Film class!!
Excellent.
Email me here today RT Yessir!
You as well.
I'm excited about Bus Trip nxt week.
Cornell University selects Videotel's HD2600 DVD for a new exhibit.
Cornell's collections are are a vital part of learning and study.
What's Ellis?
It's evident shallow women outweighs righteous ones 80/20.
awards luncheon.
Did you know that the Fortune 500 hold only 12 female CEOs?
The journey out west begins..
about 6 hrs late but its all bueno
U have nothing better 2 do than hate?
That saddens me.
Im surrounded by love Im sorry 4 whatever happened 2 make u so bitter.
It is in the patient endurance of affliction that the soul is seasoned with grace.
FJRoberts
Today has stared out to be the best day out this week seeing my baby booski would make it perfect
absurd position RT Pryor Ohio says only OH lawyers can rep Cle Indians, Cin Reds, other Ohio playersviolation of NLRA
the correlation is just not there...
What's your point?
I love to watch you sleep
RT : Gnome fans!
The will be here at 9am tomorrow as part of his Green Tour of Vegas.
Thanks for the RT!
I NEED A NEW BACKGROUND, FIRST PERSON TO RETWEET WILL GET THEIR TWITCON AS MY BACKGROUND LOL
Re.
learning styles.
Try to provide internal user education in multiple formats, tutorials, webcasts, etc.
Advertising friends: Stop making advertisements
yup tomorrow:
What is the DEAL with Clay Buchholz balkinguh?
yep big time.
Don't think his own wife believes in his sorry ass, she's in LA lmao
Vicars, MPS and lawyers were amont those who considered me to be the best hostess in London
i miss you to, how's school?
Don't know why I bother getting to the airport early for the flight back to Nashville from Austin.
4th time and always delayed!

unfortunately, no.
wish I were.
feel free to give Bob/Becky a hard time about not inviting me :  have a grt conf!
TOO RT : When someone says my products to high I say their pockets to low.
my computer isn't doing so well.
RT Chris who?
: ...workers have the power.
We do the work.
We make them the money.
More respect that the big corporate professort hoarder types...
Happy New Year to everyone.
This is a leep year so we get one extra day.
Hope we use it wisely.
Gotta be honest: if the NBA doesn't end up having a season, I probably won't notice.
it would be like one of those teenage movies, only with a bunch of adult Browncoats.
It looks like Randy Moss is also looking for a job in Boston.
via
Good things come to those who wait.
Good things come faster to those who go get them.
I rather have things bottled up inside than telling anyone about them.
Truth of the matter is nobody really cares about what you feel.
RT : All models are false; some are useful.
George Box
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.Eleanor Roosevelt
I uploaded a video to YouTube.....
and then it disappeared.
totally done with this chem project
Dang ...
I cqan't retweet on my phone!
But can we be bestfriends anyway?
3
Between , , and , we have a jampacked weekend!
What are your plans?
Story told by laughing his head off about his dad moving jobs from Mich to Wisc: He too loved to fire people!
lol I'm in austin
you're right ..
And sometimes it's not even that bad, lol
Oh damn...
I might need to buy that.
Thanks!
RT RT : There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning, and yearning.
HAppyHAppyHAppy TRE
All of this excitement over AAM2012 is making me depressed.
We shittin' on everyone else.
RT : My Texas followers 
RT : As usual, does me a solid.
Always good to me!
So good, in fact, I'm giving away a free WEEK of coworking...
Today was ahhhhhhhhhmazing..
Thanks to ; he followed me.
3
tonighttea, me  writing poetry
run or nap?
that is the question
zactly zactly.
Get to that...
Then we working foreal.
what's good
Done.
Let's figure out how to get Dwight Howard on the mavs now.
I don't want to do a body cleanse to lose weight, I want something that will just clean my body of toxins.
so true
don't want them to take a corner but what investment do they have in doctor and Marsh.
They make peanuts.
Nigga I got hands for days lil Boi you can be a test dummy :
I wanted to sleep until 10!!!!
Geez, the hustle never ends lol.
I USUALLY DON'T DOUBT BUT IM REALLY DOUBTING THIS ONE
You're welcome.
Love your blog
A true friend is the only person who never gets tired of listening to your pointless doctormas over and over again.
I'll give you bushels of catnip to off the pigs next week.
My heart is breaking, but there's no use crying
I wish I could be brave
Thank you Justin!
So fun at peterdunham 's party.
Beautiful products...fabrics...people
RT : An Aquarius takes things on as challenges so they are the best at whatever they decide to do
SnOOd of the day: many tine tanies on the meeting stye and a session with the new swagster !
Op: bayfront, healthcare, millennium, pension reform, tech park, university, open land
Sounds pretty awesome!
depends if you're going to be annoyed at lack of parking or dig the flow of purple and yellow outside the windows.
its picking up
Who won the clash?
Lunch Special!
One Free doctornk with the purchase of any large salad, pasta, or sandwich!
All Star Chris Chelios was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame today!
At SGD11 we'll auction his signed hockey stick!
lol no hold on
Heading out to L.A.
today, on set at 5:30am tomorrow at Sanna Ranch in Agua Dulce.
Gonna blow some stuff up!
Cool...
Melissa HarrisPerry is on and she is AMAZING!!
Love what she had to say about The Help.
What?
No CV?
Disappointed : I was sure I'd be seeing you at city hall soon.
But congrats!
yeeaa..
but its about 5pm here in California.
Ya know that big fancy aircraft carrier on the avengers?
Yea.
I want that.
unfortunately, no...I also can't find the sticker that shows the quiet desperation of man...
Making It Through The Yellow Light 
tears of a tiger made me cry in the ending :c soo sadd.
inappropriatefuneralsongs ice ice baby
HI all my wonderful tweeps!
Everything has been so hectic since the wedding.
New website look coming soon  blog content.
This w/e maybe?
and the saints go marching in!!!
What a good game
1500 Cash Prize
Howie says everyone in the world is supposed to play WatermelonMan at the same time tonight??
Prepare for battle.
I LOVE when doesnt text me back :
We should be format agnostic RT : Find it amazing how divided librarians are wrt eBooks in libs;Shows both strength/weakness
My sources tell me: Storm is improving!
SWELLING HAS LESSENED IN HIS BRAIN!
Keep praying :
CIA thwarts plot by alQaida affiliate to destroy US bound airliner using bomb w new design on anniversary of death of Osama bin Laden.
College: Sandusky sex abuse trial delayed by 3 weeks The judge overseeing former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky's ch
Mike Bennett, master metal worker at Central Machine Works, is working magic on the Homeless Coach Pennybacker Bridge structure!
According to statistics from the American Association of Endodontists, 89 of patients report being satisfied with their root canal therapy.
Beavers lose to former nonDI opponent by 51 at home, then turn around and beat firstplace Ducks in Eugene?
Say what?
New week.
3 things I don't quite get: 1 soda stream 2 local radio sampling Whitney over house music 3 Ron Artest  World Peace?
hey rihanna, does the carpet match the curtains?
Hard to say what the best part of today was, but snuggling a friend's new rescued kitten is in the top 5.
i'm BACK!
; how are you?
Prepping for my music video shoot this weekend!
I've waited a long time to make a video like this!
So exciting!
dontbetardy new episode
Working on an imprinted ceramic mug project.
Thanks Anissa!!!
www.BNoticed.com
so there's this guy i like him he used to like me....
but he doesn't talk to me anymore...
and idk what to do...
:/
One mind awake can awaken another, The second awake can awaken their next door brother.
Three awake can awaken the town By turni
reports that Baltimore native JasonWiner's TV pilot 1600Penn has been picked up by NBC for a fall launch!
what is something you cant live without?
tu222 still looking for my favorite Twitter tool.
Please follow on Twitter!
damn just realized chris dave, pino, and james poyser are on Adele's new album.
sheesh.
dang!
well, let's bring back leftovers for a potluck to extend our coma : want in on this?
Baseball Mom  up and at it early!
Tournament weekend on deck!!
:
Congrads to for getting on stage and a medal
me too.
Coffee later?
Playing the wii with my little brother.
Freezing outside waiting for doors for the show tonight in Indy.
xp
All I need to do is Worship
Oklahoma doctorll, here we Go!
Can I follow like 9 more times then??!!
Good morning y'all!!
now that im most likely living in nyc all summer, lets get some shows poppin
strange how Pollux keeps reoccurring in my conversations.
the frres lphants were named after the twin stars of gemini.
Isn't spring glorious?
Enjoy!
it sure is!
The Ques shuttin it down!
I don't think i can do that...just close your eyes
: Kim Kardashian earned 17,900,000 from her wedding and divorced 72 days later That a no risk return on investment!
hahah natural blonde.
dont worry ima natural blonde too but i dyed it
kfoldvik: sla2010 speakers  please remember to email with your presentations or links to the handouts, if we can post.
...
If that's his hoe, that's your hoe too..
if that's your hoe, that's his hoe too..
She is back.
I am happy.
Pizza And Game With My 1 Man
They're going French, trying to make final push for Yann M'Villa?
You are welcome sir
lol yes it does work : nd you should
Laying in bed knowing you don't have to get up for school is the best feeling.
funny thing is I saw him on Wednesday and he didn't look sick to me
are you alive?
would like to know and im ptfo.
lovebirdsunite ;
building brand through social it's about honesty and authenticity, says owner
thanks brother!
Chicago was such a great time.
Glad you had as much fun as we did!
what a coincidence.
It's shorts weather here too!
Had a great time in Madison with Now rooting for the Brewers to pick it up at Miller Park
for real?
i thought you didnt like hardcore music.
the lyrics are whats the best
Why are the Charlotte Bobcats wearing Lakers uniforms?
even though I'm apart of actoraccess  should I sign up for breakdowns express?!
Is that only for casting dir?
Thoughts?
thank you : I'm gonna' try.
You do the same!
join me in twitter
Happy Valentine's Day!
Here's to Neruda, tiny chocolates and overpriced floral arrangements!
UN stands for Unceasing Noise.
See you guys in a few at the station.
But not enough for me to go ''beiliber''

No, you are not alone Beth!
LOL!
I obviously have a thing for office supplies too!
:
3WordsForYou Who wants seconds?
God is Good, All the time
ur harry potter fan?
Who do u like?
FRIDAY!
:D gonna get down on friday :P
My husband wins at freezer tetris.
Are you serious?
And here I am thinking it was Very Badly.
why the fuck you trynna play me !
RT I just ran a Bernanke word cloud and it looks like Roubini.
good thought
sugar and princess doctorsses!
Absolutely!
I miss the stage.
I need to get the pipes up and workin real soon.
Scales and hooks just don't do it anymore.
Key to beating Royals.
Don't throw anything in the strike zone.
Ever.
I LOVE YOU HUGE FAN!
please follow me your amazing and gorgeous!
I LOVE YOU AND YOU WHOLE FAMILY XOOXOXOXOX
In your work, how closely are designers expected to follow wireframes?
Directioners have put me off One Direction.
I'm sick of seeing them every where I go.
Its 71 with the sun out in Queens New York time to make some moves if you see me in the streets holla at me
its at the house
My pops always makes me feel better.
lol wow!
Caps announcers are ok :
It's Friday!
Put us in your FF and we will come to your house and sing to you while making you dinner :
I ended up getting them from UNC and NCSU.
I know that NCSU has all of them, but you might have to wait a bit.
So addicting!
PURSUIT: Highspeed police chase underway in West Covina...white minivan on surface streets.
My first video out
Happy Earth Day!
these niggas wit da hater crew!!
RC Called It!
Turn Off The Light Denver!
Lakerz Baby!
Hell Yes!!
its long.
Ill tell you tomorrow girl
soo one day i was on twitter , saw 's twitter went on his youtube account and BAM!
fell in love!
3 :D
doctorkeCriesWhen he can't find any more free samples
Can anyone explain to me why Wednesdays are called Hump Day?
Fox soccer report is a joke!
highlights from three pointless games.
thank you Ted!
Have a fantastic day!
that's what I was thinking.
No stay, I come up on the 22nd :
It is snowing in every direction!
Everything is relevant to an individuals life experiences.
However, it keeps us divided to
any chance you  will be doing any perma songs on the tour?
Or just in Atlanta!?...
We're within five days of doctorpping our May 2012 podcast!
It'll feature five new pieces of fiction, creativenonfiction, and poetry!
Replaced my front speakers and got my last and final amp.
System check
Karen O'Connell's tumbling skills make my fake cartwheels look even sadder.
Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing!
Right ?
: Making copies of the study guide and answers to use on the test.
yolo
Is he that good?
Sent email re: template on WordPress.
TY in advance for help.
hey baby anyone want some entertainment?
what about me showin you a real good time.
Gypsy Rose Lee THE BEST stripper hands down
13 Days left till Mother's Day!!!!
We have some great ways on how to THANK MOM!!
very recently, i was excited too!
I can see if you're running somewhere quick and then home, but to restaurant?
Even a casual one, at least put jeans on.
What is your favorite thing to win in a sweepstake?
Tell us below.
Or not.
It's a story by a terrific storyteller designed expressly for the platform.
I'm just kidding
: you should be at St.
Mark's Books tomorrow from 5:307:30 for a party to celebrate the fact NYC's favorite book shop isn't going to close!
ha ha yesir my boy!!
We can network and get it in homie
go get em Favre!
I wanted either Romo or you.
Now that you wiped Dallas it's time to clean house!
Livestrong app kicks ass and makes me look feminine at the same time!
I'm not you fuckin friend
I know!
I feel your pain!
All of the Baetti's do.
Congrats btw!!
06 Phelps Cabernet Backus.
Astonishingly overpriced.
Big cherry nose.
Oak, coffee, graphite, smoke wrapped in severe tannins.
89 pts
sounds good...
I shall be on that then ...if you wanna let me know what game you want...
I van do that or just some local
I tried to email you from my blackberry but its acting stupid!!:
Srsly ...
I am SICK of all the spam that shows up in my  timeline.
growl.

Lord Christ said that all things whatsoever we desire that others should do to us we should do even so to them.
Let's love others
Suck my cockiness Lick my persuasion
Flying to SD in the morning!
Finally going to be reunited with my peeps ;
Follow Back ?
Lord, make our hearts places of peace our mind harbors of tranquility.
Sow in our souls true love 4 you for one another RT
I watched NHL Playoffs, played ps3, talked on phone, and watched White Men Can't Jump BEFORE turning on sox.
Your 2012 Boston Red Sox!
Great to hear from you!
What kind of boutique?
I will no doubt meet someone who's a mobile apps whiz at SoSlam tomorrow
The Pistons are playing inspired basketball.
Watch out or auto pilot shout outs  they can get you into all kinds of trouble.
Sorry if anybody was offended!
Lety has kept the place hopping today  went through almost a whole batch of popcorn already.
Time to get started on this Twitter thing.
yepp!!
Take pictures its so cool looking:!!
The penalty for throwing around the word pandemic unnecessarily should be immediate exposure to the swine flu...
Explore using title 1 money to purchase computers and internet access for parents?
so annoying.
half of my clothes shrink every time i do a load of wash and it's always on cold water.
stupid european appliances
cool !
When ?
: although according to this isnt the end at all.
Just the beginning of a whole new adventure..
:/
It wouldn't surprise me.
Let's see Def,Dope,EVOO,Yummo, I heard That's Hot was next.
Indeed.
Thx.
MT : 80 people belting out pop songs in four karaoke rooms?
Talk about an immersive environment.
Sorry.
You must get a lot of misdirected tweets!
they should have Freddy Mercury in hologram form...
We must always change, renew, rejuvenate ourselves, otherwise we harden.
Goethe
good looking big homie!
miss you too.
We need to catch up!!
Call on Congress to fight the famine and fully fund Feed the Future and endfamine via
Fox wins IMO so we can get the JPC 2011 rematch!
Hello!
nothing much, you ?
It's joy to be able to help care for my mom.
She and my son, in spectrum, have gotten so close.
on stage at
Wearing red?
Should be.
If you care about luck.
chid480f tracking the resonances between The Declaration of the United States and The Declaration of the Independence of Cyberspace
Nice bomb by Bryce BamBam Harper, congrats on your first!
They say Composting isnt just garbage, its cool ....
but we say composting is hot!
More great reporting from
Hello love its Hannah : how are u?
We can't thank our mothers and women in our lives enough for everything they are and do.
Seeing Iron Man 2 with Steve.
There are 10 other people here.
at least I got my favorite seat.
Ready to get some home cookin!
You will never know how much you're losing, until you can see that they've replaced you with someone new.
Don't know about you but the Christmas season seemed to come early this year.
I'm still stuck back at the 4th of July.
yay modernfamily!
Luke's voice is deepening fast, and Haley got even hotter since last week!
One of the keys to success is persistence.
Most people start out fast, but only those who finish strong reach their goals.
are you guys going to be operating on Saturday?
doctorving home during floodish weather:// :
why, of course!
Got School Of Rock later than possibly checking out an open mic venue :
Cir.
J.
Raggi rules in Idea Nuova v.
GM Licensing Group case concerning judicial confirmation of a final arbitral award.
Thank goodness!
:
To all the Moms in Chula Vista and beyond, we wish you a very Happy Mother's Day!
Hear, hear!
DaBearsStillSuck but at least the fans live and die with their team.
It's all about loyalty.
awe, that's so adorable!!
it's been an okay day!
it's so cold outside : I think ima go outside  doctornk hot chocolate
Real niggas don't speak on shit
had a fabulous summer 2010 and can't wait for exciting summer 2011 :
Lucky you!!
Have a GREAT time!
:
Medical Marijuana for Metastatic Breast Cancer Patient; Long Beach Medical Marijuana Doctor /www.mcsocal.com/blog
follow back?
;
Yo gotti is performing and all of a sudden people are acting crazy.
What's that you say?
A 7/8 time signature?
Just wait 'til you hear this one...
I would beg him up talk to Lakers.
Bynum for Howard sounds real good right now.
This guy sitting in his car just made a dog noise at me and then waved.
Weirdest thing that has happened all day?
CHECK
It's hot under these covers
Being called ugly once makes a bigger impact than being called pretty a hundoctord times.
ace why can't i DM you ??
they tellin me its invalid?
ugh nways I LOVE YOU
yeah but 0 finals MVPs and hasn't led them there
Unknown Be happy Be supportive Be Naughty Be just like the way you are But dont get bored.
Saw a commercial for chocolate cover strawberries and I want them now!
All I wanna do is smoke weed and eat pizza all day
Come show love for Dante in the Overtime Concert  Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm!
Tickets are only 15, say DANTE  the door!!
I might have just eaten an entire pint of Ben and Jerry's Cookie Dough ice cream.
Why is ice cream so good?
WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU TYPE BITCH IT MESSED UP
we have a bassist now but we do need is a vocalist and maybe a rythm guitarist
WeLoveNiall because he is irish.
3
Tyler the Creator would have Stevie Wonder  wide receiver!
hm does alex have a love interest?
lol cause then i could be the sister that alex likes ; if not i'll just be the sister
I know I'm late, but I just wanna say I love it!
And the lyrics are amazing also:
good to hear you are back.
Way to crush it this week in NZ.
Nicely done.
yeah!
: that one's good too but its kind of...disneyish...
The last thing on earth you want to do will be the last thing you do
.
celebrates National Roller Coaster Day on 8/16 by offering thrill seekers free rides on The Desperado roller coaster!
OMG!!
Is she?
When is her comeback?
I live today tomorrow I tweet.
Great travel deals!
Need a quote?
Let's put a plan in place for your doctoram vacation.
Oh, I totally want to but I'm in Waukesha getting Seth's hair cut...
: and we are looking to eat when we're done too.
Bummer!
MT : Buy my childoctorn's book I AM A POLE about a pole figuring just where he fits in.
kidlit Hilarious!
Burger king
Marquee Mondays tonight !
With !
Do you ever post on FB that Cliff the magician comes in tonight at 9?
About to talk Facebook with at
Cosign!!
RT : the first 3 scared me..
then it seemed like all horror movies fell off...
Doing wall sits, gotta start workin my legs for catching.
fun party last night
okay, now I'm fucking pissed.
GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY LIFE GARRETT.
I'm not trying to get anyone's fucking attention!
We'll be there!
RT : New hashtag!
When you see BRArtFair be on the lookout for all things Broad Ripple Art Fair!
For sure!
Not saying my buddy wouldn't be cool, just would be easier if i were w/ ladies is all
Your dad is correct.
Plus the combination of doctorma  humor was compelling.
It was epic!
My dad had to get stitches because a tree branch hit him in the face when he was mushroom hunting bahahahhahaha
That was weird
And I know nia is just a word, but why would you want to continue to enslave your mind with such a derogatory noun?
Headed to soundcheck!FREE SHOW AT TIPITINAS UPTOWN WITH COREY HENRY FROM REBIRTH!!
TONIGHT 10PM
First one to finish the exam...studying till 4am definitely has its perks.
Snow globe day in the parks!
News McIlroy take 2stroke lead in Shanghai Masters U.S.
Open champion Rory McIlroy shot a 3under 69 on Friday to increase
I really want to sing to this boy at chickfila he so cute lol
Share With Friends:   Music  Acoustic Stories , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
It's madness!
Sneezing and hiccups don't make a good combination.
T'is true.
You don't show up for work.
You show up for life!
saving this for the motivational pamphlet I will write when I'm 50  have given up.
Crawling with them Joseph Mitchell
what's your timeline?
I'd be happy to help in any way I can.
so everybody going to get that nasty ass popeyes ugh
Thank you sir!
lol most definitely
What did everybody have for lunch?
I'm sorry bro!
Sorry I fell asleep it was late when we were talking I'm doing good now how was your Christmas?
My world is cold and silent today.
Paper on network analysis and associative paths in proust accepted for sts 2011.
Looking forward to it!
When I'm about to pass out cuz I haven't had protein and I have hypoglycemia and first thingy dad does is make me a grilled cheese sandwich
Do a lit search.
There are control studies that have already been done with good outcomes for PRP vs control.
Thanks for the mention.
We are nearing launch for and would love to connect if you are interested.
Can I Share Your Work On FB?
Why that song if you don't mind me asking?
: lol I know , I heard its a little after function , yuuummppp
Spot on.
Life is exhausting.
It's shocking more ppl don't give up.
RT : Denver kicks off 2010 as only NFL team to have 90 or more wins in each of last three decades...
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear I had to show you this was trending.
Quote of the day: Destiny is for people who are too lazy to create alternate timelines R.
Stevens
McDonalds nearly killed this dude, man.
: Just stole seat!!
: it's okay I farted pretty good in it.
Your welcome.
Been super stressed at work.
At least tomorrow is Friday.
:
lol I just knocked on your door then I read your reply :
One last post to WordPress and Hello bed.
Busy for a Saturday.
I Love this thing called Productivity.
2011 Zund upgrade: Routing 2 substrates on 89 wide table..New technology and more sophisticated software is truly cutting edge!
that goes to show how uneducated the world is when it comes to their diet.
Comparing libraries to businesses still makes me uneasy, especially conflating patrons with consumers.
How about pentatonic scales.
Let's start with a basic one and continue to more interesting ones.
1: 1,2,3,5,6, Try it!!
Your An Amazing Inspiration You Know That?
RT : Happy 4th TwBirthday!
You've been around since 02 April 2008!
I forgot how long I have been using Twitter!
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger, right!
I really want to see on Friday!
Who wants to go with me ?!
It's not enuff to have an opinion.
Pls make it a truly informed one.
Thx.
MizzouNation: I'm a Tiger and I'm tweeting from the Biggest Little City, Reno, Nevada!

Elliott is soo getting a caps collar for Hannukah!
Ponder is Spielman's guy, would be shocked if Vikes took.
Tannehill.
The Khalil/Blackmon/Claiborne decision fascinates me.
ha!
just had the same problem, but managed to scrounge up some pb crackers.
Another late one, I forsee...
I was so upset that I couldn't be on tinychat with you..
all I have is my iPod, but I can't use tinychat on it..:
awesome professorle pic
Just got off an elevator full of iubb athletes, no big haha.
They love chipotle too!!
Shabazz isn't nearly as bad as Anderson I shouldn't say that, he is gonna be a great player.
For family fun, have a board game night.
Well, sure enough!
For me, the linking element was more the primordial terror than anything else.
thats not a rare sight for that kid.
he sits in teh bleachers every game.
Thanks all my friends for everything rockin !
Yeah that's my concern, they trade out of the 17th and the team that ends up there takes someone other than who I picked
And happy to have you!
...therefore, SocialMedia is just like talking to yourself on a hectic day...
not sure if u saw but they are talking about doing a tweetup on Friday night.
check out the sunrise, it's purple :
Why does ppl question a pastor or preacher when he doctorves a cadillac or any nice car but not a doctorg dealer?
did you attend cranbrook when you were younger?
Today: Treat age spots and melasma with Kligman's Formula!
One of our most popular compounds.
Call 4126816400 NOW to find out more!
www.
on NW Sports Tonight at 730 Bert from Last Comic Standing and The Shield!!
I'm LOVING your avatar, way too cute!
Without me :
next time.
Next week?
Thank youkeep up the great work you do!
Hispanics will be the dominant and in many cases the only doctorver of domestic CPG sales growth.
My roommate told me she was jealous of my selfconfidence today.
I might actually miss her.
Is this the first time Stan Van Gundy has worn a collared shirt?
Reduce your listing costs, list Illinois properties for free at www.illinoisbrokernet.com

Look complicated to far introduced agreeable from you!
What...language is this?
When will he ever notice me ?/:
at my current pace, I'd only need 87 years to catch up to where is now.
yur right yur grown, but there are still consequences for shit yu do.
For instance yu still have to bring yo ass back to S.A.
No!
I said I was done with females  here you come with your cute sweet talking axx.
Hmph!
lOl!
Shopping may be a form of recreation but making purchases can be downright selfdestructive, especially if its on an impulse
Some high level insurance execs feel the entire small group marketplace will migrate to individual business.
We shall see.
i wanted to ask yhu somethnn ...
but yhu know nevermineddd .....
so boredd..
can wait till superbowl a.k.a.
my birthday goin out ...
I think that might be it.
I'm opposed to Mom hair.
If you have sanitation complaints with any food establishment in Pike Township, call the Marion County Health Department at 2212222.
Thanks for having us on COCO today, we appreciate your support for our radiothon!
I feel free!
:
43 degrees in new York city right now....
Nice!!!
I'm not saying it's time to pack up the tent, but the 2011 and 2012 teams were trending in opposite directions at this point.
i did reply bakk!!:
No one will ever understand how happy The Maine makes me!
3 : JohnOhh Kennedy Garrett Jared Pat 3
1st chapter posted, working on the 2nd now:
I really just can't wait to see ...
Way to many messages.
I'll try to reply as soon as I get a chance.
did you buy tickets yet?
mayfair, imax 3d.
and maxies for dinner.
unless you guys really want mequon
Greece,Spain,Italy,Portugal,France,Ireland are all an ECB problem.
They will deal with it with massive amounts of printed euros, no choice.
Forward Expands Its Institutional Team With a New Hire for Consultant Outreach
They say UAreWhatUEat but I ain't no Pussy!!!!!
Congrats on first SEC series win today , Lets go for the sweep tomorrow
Success is not so much what we have as it is what we are.
your minds in the gutter lol.
you like the new song?
i wish u the best beautiful...
thats my wish!
Preliminary hearing for SDPD officer Anthony Arevelos, accused of sex crimes will start shortly.
Expected to last 3 days.
lionking is like the best disney movie classic :
everything happens for a reason IG
I voted for you once in the people's choice awards.
That should be enough, right?
When the fuk are we getting a new ASIP to watch?!?
It's to the point where I have to choose between gas or food
GM World
I hate my braces...
With a burning passion.
Excuse me UK, but why are you blocking vids to us in America?
World Wide Web except in the UK.
If you want to watch vids move 2 UK
Rain  Southbound 35  Easter Sunday  a total and complete cluster.
Help!
Congrats!
You just earned your Call Recording Fail badge!
You know the handshake already, right?
I love anything with aliens
Sitting in the car reading a little bit before the crazy shift starts...
Just passed Deion Sanders's house...
It is HUGE!
I bet you still have the CD:
Cant sleep....
I need to get laid!!!!!
what's all this for?
who's your favorite athlete of all time?
Awesome day with my kiddo.
any plans for this wknd yet?
Prevalentine's Cupid Speed Dating Event Feb 10, 2011 7:00pm at mister Pitiful's
I mean if i wake up i wake ......Shit it is what it is
You ever see where people go crazy listening to songs and start goin OH SHIT!!!
That's how I feel about
So many awesome people at Napoleon right now for
Love this!
RT Today's favorite sight from milan12: Charlotte Perriand's 1938 prefab constructed by
headed down to the breast cancer walk , hope to see you there ...look for our mascot!!!
My iPhone camera froze on me for the first time.
Lost a beautiful, candid moment of happiness for I hate missed photo memories.
Thanks for the follow.
Love what you guys do on
cuz I'm a cute lil doggy haha...but I can help you out girl!
;
Cargos or jeans today?
Redefining racism: Romanian dictionary corrects antiSemitic and antiRoma words  National Post
You can tell meter maids are desperate to get citations in when they're trolling parking garages for offenders.
Hard to believe, but it was the same horse  rider.
But thatthat was special.
Thanks!
thank you for the ff!
Your still coming I hope!
Oh and I'm going to prom.
I'll just have to leave the concert early I guess
nope.
We'll also be doing the full ride on 8/4.
But if there are any other wknds you're thinking, I may know others who'd ride
everywhere I go weed is the subject lol
So proud of you!
Your ETSY site looks great!
I'll see you there!
Waiting anxiously ;
I love Old Spice commercials.
:
What are your thoughts on Hakama?
all's good.
long as we hold on to our gris gris.
We are trying the new grilled 'nanner, Nutella and marshmallow sandwich at Miller Park.
Fat and where's my plate?!
Lol
Lord knows that this world is cruel.
And I ain't the Lord, no I'm just a fool, learning loving somebody don't make them love you
Yeah, you should chill out.
You get good reviews by the right people.
That's what matters.
:
God is truly awesome!
Sometimes he just shows us something that totally blows us away...
Pretty stoked to head to New Jersey for the first time in my life.
Bamboozle is gonna be so much fun.
Hope to see some of ya there!
What was the trivia question?
Ignore your own advice.
RT I should just Bynum for the rest of the night.
Canstruction is awesome.
My event, Akron donated 20k worth of food in 1st year, 2011.
Have you built?
I love my aries too :
then why were u looking at her tweets?
cant send u a DM if u dont follow me brat.
ugh today was ok i guess it couldve been better
Question, I paid for album in April, set release date for June.
Does it renew in April and waste the 2 months it was unavailable?
nice pick
.
Woo!
Congrats!
Doesn't it feel awesome to be done with year one?
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with.
They are looking for potential mates.
Kevin Gregg needs to review what the responsibilities of a relief pitcher are.
absolutely.
Well put.
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please??
20
Haha key word awkward!
Not as awkward as the dancing men though
You know what's a great song?
Warm Spell by The Church.
Seems like a trifle until you get to II.
3mins left omg
Hope the weather is nice in NC next week
Swagat indian carryout FTW!
There are numerous reasons to have concretefloor landscape designs like wall space
The Superstar is SUPER bratty
you already know!!!
Hey how's going?
did you see what just happened?
Roger got sent off.
Elbow to face of Chicago dude.
gatorade monitors social media from a dedicated war room
Nice man, that will take care of my summer travel plans.
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song Theraflu?
Fail or Cray?
No time to talk, just HI and BYE, but for you babe i would give up a million, billion, trillion 3
Justin is creeping on 's account : hurry follow her if you want to be followed!!!
lol you never know
ugh I hate how I still think about you.
get off my mind.
Col St vs Murray St just started and So.
Miss vs Kansas St tips off  9:40.
The madness has begun and so has breakfast.
Come on down!
Bitter.
A cocktail essence, IPA and my current state of mind.
I work there so i'm a little biased :
my brought up a very valid point...Isn't it who likes to party TVradio style?
Think it is.
;
Good looks...
GODDAMN spurs u scary
Celebrating Women's History Month!
Pretty fucking much...
oh hello!
Crashed out 5828 s pennsylvania
Cleaning up my
Could not be truer
just had the BEST doctorAM EVER!!!!!
involves.....
me.....Princeton.......
AND ALOT OF MAKING OUT!!!!
I wear hollister im a swag demolisher.
Hockey from a team in the desert again a city that really Didnt exist a hundoctord years ago....
Just not right
yes you will haha.
HR Information Systems isn't rocket science...
and then a guy from NASA gets up and starts his presentation at Aquire's WISDOM 2012
It's like everybody is leaving summer camp...
Why is everyone saying that Ariana is leaving Victorious??
Someone tell me :0
I have HP 56  57 ink carts if anyone can use them!
Wait.
What.
Huh?
You are moving to Amsterdam ?
Happy Friday!
Sounds good to me :
OH: I don't know the people at the iCloud.
Forget it.
Not doing it...
INDEED!
Mitts money can't buy character, a conscience, or compassion for human beings.
Hes like a fish out of water with people
Well I have a CATS themed video coming out this Wen.
No costumes though P
Love our new followers!
Donate Ad Space, wear our Tshirts!
Won't you wake up...
Wake up and walk in the light.
Wake up wake up bring substance to your life.
EWF
youcandobetter if u walk around wit no hairline and think u all that
Some people are alive only because it's illegal to kill them
Wanna come over so we can eat ice cream  be depressed together?
:
goode family is on at the gym but no sound
An important part of a lawyer's job is to tell clients things they don't want to hear, and to do so forcefully.
Thought for Today: Move More!
Make it a daily challenge 2 move your body.Moving your limbs isn;t just a fitness tool, it's a stress buster.
Feel like god on my side rite now!
libchat Was your program well received and attended?
Dude i love this mixtape!!
What you think?
Where can I find a shop selling green doctornks at expowest?
I'm allergic to pineapple but love it anyways so I sometimes forget  end up hurting for days afterwards...can I be allergic to Oklahoma?
Yes'm.
Schoolnight doctornk?
Also /cc:
today sucks
no prob n may we exchange numbers
Little scrub for you dub
Can't sleep...
Might as well stay up and get a ton of work done!
I'm gaga for
haha weeping pussy willow  me I hate that word  What, willow?
Willow willow willow willow willow!
me Haha :
You're right Carlos.
Motives are more interesting to examine.
Start examining then Oh Great One
Sadly.
I want something else so badly.
:P
Hey babies, all those sights and sounds that you find so fascinating are actually boring as shit
For those who are concerned, we will have a official website up soon so you guys can buy merch there.
We'll keep you posted.
:
Aw!
Kinda makes me wish it would snow here...kinda.
Michael Symon Nephew Charged With Tagging  Cleveland Scene Weekly
Thank's for retweeting define!
AMAZING website that calls your friends and family with a message from Santa.
Happy Holidays!
www.sendacallfromsanta.com
Next up: LiVE classic rockroll at Who's On First boston across from Fenway after the soxyanks game this Saturday!
It's about agribusiness, not Cdns health and safety.
the teachers know what they are doing and the pick the right dancers the majority of the time.
You will LOVE it!
RT : Good topic.
I just started reading Leaving Atlanta by Tayari Jones.
I know y'all are dying for my lineup this week, so here we go: Watson, Watney, Garrigus, Sae, Huh, and Stroud.
Mountain Trust Mortgage and Realty Services  We work with you to help you get into the home of your doctorams at a price you can afford.
ok alright :
Awww, I had a bunny like that  his name was Bernie.
He was a Bernie Rabbit.
It goes up  down, its just up  down, she's cryin now but she'll laugh again.
Went for a jog today for the first time in a long time....
Maybe I procrastinate because I work better under pressure.
No?
Limited release unfortunately.
We did one small 7 barrel batch, so when it's gone...
it's gone!
I think the Cubs got a break there.
Should be out at first.
Too much good tv on Wednesday night for my dvr to handle
Gordon?!
That guy isn't worth a cunt of cold piss!!!
Who decides what jersey they will wear, home or away???
Another quake shook Japan.
Keep them in your prayers!!!
Avicii is in ...let the games begin....
MFAH has induced museum envy.
Dell and others need to step up and build a truly world class museum in Austin by 2020.
Anisotropic Dirac cones for nextgeneration electronics Share With Friends:   Science  Nanotechnology Stories
Loookin forward to today.
actually i want everything in the world right now.....
SF's Rasellas on Fillmore has Latin Jazz Thursdays.
Good food, surprise guests, 8:30pm1am TIP Park at the Safeway lot for free!!!!
I'd say 75.
So much hairy Lamas rapping.
RT : BODY ROCK...see Lorenzo Lamas wear outfits with 25 of the material ripped off.
Heading to Vegas Monday for nabshow.
This high school student's first time.
Any must sees?
Anybody else having an issue with their wordpress website today, or is it just me?
Thanks Guys.
I'm awkward when it comes to flirting
If I dare ask...how does one doctorp an egg cooker on one's eyebrow?
I want food!
most definitely!
No doubt about that.
I don't ask for much, but when i do i expect you to give me exactly what i want.
I don't want to watch his old monkey face on American Idol, So I guess I won't be watching anymore :/
RT : Tonight is the night!
Taping ep3 w live audience at 8p, in CleHts.
Get your FREE TKTS starting at 7p
Game of the week between Crown Royals and WTF R U Ewing tips off in a little over an hour CanTheyStopChet?
It appears that Kobe has spent the summer modeling his game after Steve Blake
: At the beginning I thought it no 2x sales hes fired and Kelly i the new boss...shopiiiiiiiing
been up all night watching desperate housewives reruns.
don't understand why i'm so hooked on this show but it almost never gets old.:
Don't they cancel each other out?
Hey boo, how are you?
Happy Friday
I'm just pointing out how Bo Ryan and the NCAA view it.
I think we all know how these kids are used to make millions.
I'm you newest follower, just out of tha BOX!!.....
lol
Recognize we run this sh!t.
Coming soon.
MFYL Fall 2012
Tasting room at Great Lakes Distillery  New bottling of Kirsch is here.
Come try a few new Kirsch cocktails.
i would already kill him if i was you.Lol.Nahh..
Kso Amy, I miss you...
Tinychat later..?
The ability to move other passenger seats to the upright position on a plane
NO!
DALLAS LOST BY 1POINT 9899 : Dallas will get Oklahoma MondayWatch OUT!
Another words, why the fuck am I waiting for help from him and his promises.
Your spirit is infectious
Memory goal
I'm already over it!
It's either cold and snowy or hot and humid.
be nice to the mexican..
.
:P
On the agenda for this afternoon: the first stages of cat shopping.
And scheduled for the summer: petsitting a dog.
Hmm ...
me to, i have a ton of math homework and a test tomorrow :/
I feel like I need to dose up with some LMFAO and some sunshine before tackling the afternoon's projects...
our lives.
You're awesome.
Wish I could be there!
anything scheduled this upcoming weekend, 27th  28th?
Went shopping at Target and bought a bunch of stuff for our 10 discount!
The Two Left Feet 2010 was excellent w hanger steak.
But at 16, alcohol don't operate anything afterwards.
Having experimented with Wunderlist for a bit, am contemplating return to a plaintext todo list.
Fewer bells  whistles; life at a glance.
I already know tht life is deep, but I still dig her
Turning 19 next week, so ready!!!!!!
Please follow Blue Crush 2 on and it's star Support the Surf Sequel!
Waiting for the weekend:
I know it's hard to believe :
RIP Whitney
Ok whats up
RT : A10: Know your worth, be selfconfident, have a strong work ethic, do your best, and know it isnt al
just wait till I have the chance to hi jack your twitter
Lautman: We used to build spec buildings to attract Econ Dev.
Now best strategy is a spec workforce.
Amen, Fat Taft.
lol Borowitz makes fun of everyone
About to watch where the Wild Things are.
lol, not a fan of humid hopefully it will hold off til July like its supposed too!
the weather is awesome for this time of year!
Proud of me 2day!
Omg texas was so gr8t never wanted 2 leave but got 2 come back 2 florida...OMG GOT SOME NEW POSTERS OF U 3 YEA JB follow me!?
Awesome, thanks for the tip
Love is just a four letter word stuck together by emotion.
Just had pepperoni pizza for the first time!
RT BREAKING: Stephen Colbert announces run for President, hands over control of his Super PAC to Jon Stewart
great bumping into you
I will put up Jen's cupcakes against anyone  anytime.
Last day of Clinical Apps
I need a girl that's gonna be down, like four flat tires.
Christian Malbrough in the game for the Panthers.
More than 85 of connected Xbox 360's have already fetched content from Xbox Live Marketplace.
Keep it simple, stupid.
Glad I danced.....completely free Flying ;
My first book, Hearts of Fire was listed on Amazon as one of the top ten HOLOCAUSTRELATEDNOVELS.
Happy Easter everybody !
:
OMG!
: hey you guys know about 1025 live right?
Big concert by the capital.
Thousands of people
state street was such a success.
loved every minute.
Boise tomorrow!
We will be at the Assembly of God church!
The one with the dome roof!
nice mural!
jobless someone help me get a
RT : Tonight is Strictly Business with DJ's MetroGnome and Limelight!
No Cover!!!!
2 Domestic bottles, 6 Ciroc
Going to phils game to hopefully get last min tickets !!!
Thanks .
: im at home so it's okay I'm stay home :
you have to watch from the beginning or you'll be kinda lost and you won't get the full effect of everything!!!
We Just wanted to thank all of our SNOCLOTHING supporter's.
Also if your not rocking SNO Jump on it.
www.SNOCLOTHING.com
while its time to move on, the outpouring from my team is extremely touching.
No man or woman should separate wee my Nigga the words of a real nigga
LMAOOOOOO RT : Man get off his dick RT : Got damnit Frank Ocean just tweeted the realist shit
If it's gonna be that kinda party imma stick my dick in the mash potatahs.
Loving the beach
Hi Victoria!
Can I get a one VICTORIATASTIC reply?
Please?
:
So many new things coming up CANT WAIT 3 :
Lmaoo U Violent As Hell..!
I'm so much nicer when I'm rejecting female Greenpeace members than when I'm rejecting their male members
Oh for tweet's sake...
Hanging out at mtg.
Much better than faculty meetings.
I wondered why somebody didn't do something.
Then I realized, I am somebody.
Author Unknown
I hope you aren't stalking me....

SINFUL SATURDAYS..SEXY GOGO DANCERS..2 doctorNKS..SEE THE VIDEO WWW.G1PARTY.COM
It probably be awkward if u were the only player in ur lineup to not use a pink bat.
At CPK in Hollywood!
Lovin' the sun and finally seeing my girl Laura!
Gordie Howe really only had 2?
I'm shocked.
Taylor Swift looks much better with straight hair.
Starting to look like a woman.
Very elegant.
Bart, a woman is like a beer.
They look good, they smell good, and you'd step over your own mother just to get one!
Homer Simpson
we love you more today was hilarious and awesome
cheering!!
ohmygod I do it year round and L.O.V.E it3:
Matthew to Mary: Do you want my stick?
Will tweet for food.....
or
In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves.
: I did dance and s/he loved it!
Slept the whole way thru.
You still calling girl huh?
We'll see!...
Petition passed around NWACC was signed by 750 after one day in favor of vote for public mass transportation tax
Rogue Cupcakes is the Egg Mc Muffin of cupcake apparel company's
gets honorable mention in txapme Newspaper of the Year contest.
of course!
and Niko Roberts is?
Doyle sounds like a solid back up of course he will get hard sell
well, depends on what effects of social media you want to highlight?
connection?
loneliness?
other?
Thx for taking time to follow!
Hope u find my posts helpful
Deep Thought:  Friends are like boobs, some are real and some are fake.
the cowboys halftime show is a prime example of the media ruining music.
notrealmusic.
sorry for the negative tweet
I beat the merch up
The impending cancellation of some Soaps really has a lot of people up in arms, huh?
Strange, our priorities.
Enjoying a fabulous with Richmond friends Tim and Lettie.
Please don't share your twitter id and Password any one, any site, if you give may be it hack by another person.
so be careful.
I can see the worm swimming around in Biden's glass
Just woke up and you tweeted !
Haha it was meant to be ;D
UHtaughtme that cafeteria food can actually be pretty good
About to blow this joint Wheels finna b up
better late than never lol
Not in my Twitter world.
But I must admit my Twitter world is a bit political and more than a bit limited.
I'm officially emotionally attached to you...I hate myself now 
in a couple years, I'm sure.
JMac pitched so well.
Everybody on that team atleast owes him a steak dinner for keeping it close.
william breathes loves to pair OJ will all mmj.
What's your favorite doctornk?
Does this mean there's now time for tacos?
Cause, uhyeah.
Tacos.
:D
sweet leap year
Just over halfway on LA to Louisville KY doctorve
The best of upfront week: CBS, as always, and TNT and TBS, which offers amazing access to its stars.
S/O to Louisville on right now!
GE investing in job creation, labor union opening doors for working families.
That's what's up!!
Overwhelmed and shutting down.
hmm how to convince my latin teacher i can't take the test i missed?
stressing i'ma sleep on that
To all my NY fam.
I'll be in town Oct 11th till the 18th!
Hit me up!!!
Like If You Shower.....
How Desperate Are You For Likes You Attention Whore!!!
Go Crawl In A Ditch And Die!!!
but your breath is hot!
Lol
trying to decide if 4 blocks is too far to walk for some
A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power.
Brian Tracy
I love that Adam rock scream!
Idea 1 for first tatoo: on right wrist, write.
Marcus Camby?
That wasn't shady was it?
Don't try to hit runners with you car.
It pisses us off.
ALRIGHT.......Who is the Most Mindless On Earth Seen Me An Answer WHY??????????
That sounds awesome!
GO BROOKE GO!!!
Mobile info lit can happen anywhere for quick info, through apps/specialist sites rather than open web
Our tree has arrived!
I'm feeling more festive already.
KID!you are blowin up my phone with all your RTin!im trying to sleep!hahaha: love you3
I'm having fun reading the tweets of my new followers.
Thanks.
Please go to sleep riley
Local quartet keeps classical music relevant with pop mixes  Moose Jaw TimesHerald
A Townhouse With Pools Top and Bottom A newly built townhouse on East 74th Street comes with two pools both a basement lap pool with a w
misterin world wat a great day lets make the best of it an where all this fog come from only in chicago
Going to get that early morning work out in.
Then grab some breakfeast.
Be back later.
I tucked away an important document so I wouldn't lose it.
Now when I need it, I can't find it.
Damn...
Today's about to be a good day...
Start to feel lighter  more energetic  be on yr way to a nutritious, healthenhancing foundation going forward with a foodbased cleanse!
Why Is today going by so slow!
I've got a Pontiac, gasoline.
Grab the cash, split the scene.
yeah :p
Haha I'm in biology ..
You know what that means!
Steve Ballmer is a fantastic speaker.
Our first budget public hearing has wrapped up after only two hours, next public session is tuesday May 15.
aww that last tweet moved me
Go Kara!
: In 24 hours from now, I will be in Arizona with the A's!!
Can't wait to kick off the 2012 season...
chia seeds, they're a super seed.
you can add them to a smoothie
I looked up and thought this mothafucka was tpain at the bar....I aint even fried yet tho lol
The doctoram of the 90's is alive in Portland watch Portlandia starring Fred Armison and Kristen Wiig.
You know you're on when you make SCtop10 when your bucket didn't even count.
FeltonCrash throws it down.
And goodnight..
Join us in the Pier Bar tonight at 8:30 for some classic rock with the Jacobs Brock and Brews Band!
CUBA Cheese is so good!
Easteregg RT : Favorite part of the day today, cheese Tasting from Cuba cheese shop.
flx food
DANGIT THAT WAS TODAY.
May 15th rang a tiny bell in the back of my head, but I completely forgot.
Had a great weekend, don't want it 2 end!!!
On 4/29/80 John Osteen spoke , B/C of rain delay 32yrs to the day speaks today stadium
oh thas wassup man.
That song went hard!
Check out my boy from WestVa.
He jus startd, but is killin it.
youtube.com/watchdwight
Can I get 250/1 on myself to win the irishOpen ?
You'll find many tonight Institute's Deja vu New Deal discussion.
Come on out.
My compromised immune system feels skeptical.
Spring Edition Juror: Trevor Richardson Director of Herter Gallery, University of Massachusetts, Amherst
Thanks to for getting me the best Peanut Butter Cup ice cream sundae ever.
Can you tell I am pregnant?
And getting larger...
Don't forget to like your favorite picture candidate for the back of Pasadagavra!
When was the last time you were on an airplane and where did you go?
For me it was 11/2011, went to Nashville.
Jake
ASK FOR THE FCKIN KOOSH BACK YOU FAT PUSSY BITCH!!!!!
YUM!!!
that looks like a fabulous lunch!
:
a porcupine.
Very adorable, a little scary and totally awkward.
Aw I'm actually kind of liking Dawson and Jen when they're older.
33
it was great meeting you  EXHIBITOR2012  your feedback  participation with was extremely valuable!
thank you!
R.I.P Adam Yauch.
Change and growth take place when a person has risked himself and dares to become involved with experimenting with his own life.
Please contact immediately!
Spam messages being sent from my account I have nothing to do with!
I want this stopped!
Yesterday's Player of the Game: Mike Caldwell, who allowed one run on 6 hits in 6 1/3 to help the Brewers offense win with only 4 hits!
Huge response to our Bruce Kulick announcement Friday.
Putting the final touches on Chris Holmes from WASP and Betsy Bitch from Bitch.
RT : What is the most popular Halloween treat?
Visit NHSA booth 1044  APHA to find out  learn more about Healthy Start  the...
well, i guess it's time.
I am trying to imagine a 22 year old Barack talking to Barnard women about being CEOs in 1982.
: Aries unknowingly give an impression of being selfish.
They're not, they're just focused on furthering their own lives.
so me
your cute
Do them simultaneously.
Yous an average type of cat, no money no clout.
New Artist  Airplay Now on Smooth Jazz Beach Radio  Sister Moon!
when someone tweets every 5 seconds...i finally quit reading them.
you?
Watch out!
15 OFF ALL SERVICES!!
starting right now and valid till Sunday  call 3388111
The risks you take to be top cock fighter...rough life.
watching limitless
summer class, its only 6 weeks long though
thanks for the shout out!
I hope to become a bodybuilder like you
The moment you wake up is the instant you realize that the teacher is in you  your happiness, as well as your problems, are your own.
Something to think about as we pat ourselves on the back.
Did you know we've sold 10 more homes through the program?
Music Pro night was great!
Everyone played well.
Good job to all.
nicely done, darling.
You make me laugh.
Xx
Kicking it with my brothers Gutta and About to call it a night
Awesome!
Thanks so much and see you soon!
RT : The show was great!
We will definitely be back!
Backing up Monsters Wanted raw footage to a better doctorve for editing.
Two days from now my 170 hours of footage will be transferred.
is the trace from the backend node available?
gist looks like frontend only
The only part of that I understood was 'you were right'
Lights  sirens in the airport.
badnews No it was not my fault.
Movie Night with the Family!!
Cowboys and Aliens!!
:D
This game is making me hate basketball
glad you like itt!!!
:
Our website is now in Spanish.
Simply click on the Espanol button to translate.
I love coconut!
How well does it work?
If something was wrong but there were no negative consequences, would it still be wrong?
Thanks for following!
Looking forward to hearing present at GAAR for
New NW dates announced for April.
OTHER LIVES open these dates!
Coachella!!
One in five adults in the U.S.
report having doctordiagnosed arthritis.
I'm one of them, are you?
www.healthfacts4all.com
Of course not.
But I wouldn't have an animal in my hand.
I would have an animal for a hand.
My hand would swim much better.
I think kevinclash is my new hero.
God, I relate to his story!
Grover and supergrover were my childhood loves.
captaininkangroo too!
did you think Coltons apology was sincere?
I didnt.
not shit back in the land right now...waz good bra
he is amazing!
It was a true honor to be in his presence!
:
see, i get screwed up on those just from a lack of familiarity.
Everyone uses ATMs all the damn time!

Morgan Rhodes is the bomb diggity :
Hmm...
Peggy Post says it's OK etiquettewise for nonbrides to wear white to a wedding.
Do you agree?
Git to the Knit.
We're getting all diverse  shit  saving the evironment.
Plus there's gonna be dance music.
S/o to them girls who keep their virginity through highschool then go dumb in college lol
Having some crazy flashbacks in the caf tonight.
Some GREAT parents of child actors 2
Its goin to rain alday........
I guess movies alday then....
In bed
The really cool thing is that it's an academic conference  Computers and Writing.
This day needs to be over
Need a little pickmeup?
Stop by our Newbury store for a FREE hot coffee and 1 espresso doctornks!
A taste of what's to come in the new year.
I'm soo exhausted today!!!
I don't think the gym is gonna happen tonight :
Just watched the vow such a good movie : 3 made me cry a lil
is gunna buy ME an Arizona ;D
i'm great.
we've been missing each other lately.
good weekend?
followed back thanks for following!!
Good luck on finals this week hun!!
Stay focused!
RT Sure, you're comfy with computer analogies, but do you ever wonder why a desktop has wallpaper?
Happy Halloween!
I'm just rambling now....
I should really go to sleep.
I text voted for for NPOY soo many times THEY texted me quit to stop these messages!
um I'm thinking I need to be cheered up...
'comoon!
Follow me.
I don't bite!
;
What now Sandusky?
Another one has come forward!
How many of them are there?
Intimacy over Ministry ...!
Reunited at last with
Gardening for my grandpop today!
He's 87!
there is no funny on twitter
with the consolidation of many Brewer Blogs, do you think that is a good thing for content going forward or a negative?
Ask me in again in a quiet bar and I'll tell all!
no problem can be solved by the same level of consciousness that created it.
sometimes you just gotta pull yourself out of the trenches
I nominate for a Shorty Award in activism because they help causes that are important to me!
The prices generally tell the story RT Why don't grocery stores have a seasonal section for produce???
Workout time:
SO want to visit New England before I move to the west coast/move back home whatever comes first :
Being on plenary panel for Astrobiology Science Conf 2012 was great!
Conf tag line Exploring Life: Past and Present, Near and Far
Forgive all who have offended you, not for them, but for yourself
I loved being mentioned at RailsBridge this weekend.
I hope all those awesome dev chicks show up at me.
whatching youtube videos of people all around the world play the doctorms
I only watched the first 45 minutes of your conversation...
FYI
Every good painter paints what he is.
Slammed busy for the next 2 weeks before I head to sing in Canada!
As would say: Jesus, take the wheel!
never did see that darn bear today...
Really happy with how I solved a puzzle in ICO, so I rewarded myself with a Choco Taco.
Best achievement system ever.
I miss BMore too.
:/
i do the same thing when i read other people's tweets
Once an MFer, always an MFer!
My cousin Lucy Blehar sings lead vox  we share backups.
Hope 2cu inside the Kusama soon!
XO
I SAW THAT ON YOUR STATUS LOL
Bitchs be fucking around...
They need there face beat in
lol u not going!
Shit Im suppose to be in jersey sat but that doctorve is giung to kill me!
Arizona?
Hmm...I seem to have negative connotations to that state.
It's good to have a positive reference to it.
Another QB transfer who is immediately eligible?
Seriously?
When the bill comes due with football gods for badgers, it could be huge.
After months of careful consideration and studying the candidates I have decided to vote for on Tuesday.
: People will judge you no matter what you do.
So you might as well do what you want.
This isnt his first offense.
Clearly he should be fined and suspended for remaining races.
He's the Carlos Zambrano of racing.
yea im tired to but ur just a daydoctoram away
Power wins again...HunterReay is in second, and Sato came up to finish third after starting last!!
Thanks Aaron!
It's WordCamp weekend this weekend!
Watching 'Last Call' in Hollywood!!
Went on a bike ride.
I am telling myself that the sore tired legs and heavy breathing is because I am pregnant.
Yes, thats the reason ;
was Face Timing and we ain't have sht too talk about !
lmao
Thinking on FABIO!
OK he's really NOT that cheesy!
In amazing shape.
We gazed into e/othrs eyes  Chiro last eve!
Holy shit!
I had no idea Lance Henrickson voices Admiral Hackett in Mass Effect.
But now that I know, it's so obvious!
I never wear make up and I never doctorss up yet some elderly person always tells me your so beautiful its nice but awkward at the same time!
hey man i don't know if anyone has told you but Terrence Jones is pretty good.
Just thought you should know.
Can we see Tevez's daughter in a pool of boiling water please?
Congrats To Kentucky, Great Effort By Kansas!!
old news, ha ha
Singing oh oh oh dkashdjasldhkjasd
my day is good baby I love you kiss the boys
11.17.1938: Italy publishes racial laws, defining who is Jewish, prohibiting intermarriage, and greatly restricting their ability to work.
Happy birthday :
Today's gloomy and rainy weather is providing incontrovertible evidence that November is my least favorite month.
Blech.
Now Facebook tells me when my friends decline my event invitation, as if I weren't already completely convinced my friends don't like me.
Nothing like an earthquake to shake you awake
The short guy from Lady Antebellum is cute
Oh my housewives, did I see some serious wedding looks tonight!
Another amazing show
Hit yo girl in my car and now her pussy got that new car smell
Today Special: 15 Organic Manicure 35 Rockstar Toes Please call 5597610669 to make your appointment for today.
Thank you!
I saw the Batmobile this past weekend in Oakland, where they are filming the new batman movie!
Cool!
Wonder why they had it painted Tan?
'It's a big big world so easy to get lost in it
Join my wife  I at 10am Sat..We present Tweet Your Way Into professorssional Development
Building relationships.
Not just hello, enjoy the show Having an engaging audience leads to success in fundoctorising too
I hate how your not mine anymore..
Today's temperature: room temperature.
Search engines like unique content that is also quality content
Odd.
fair use shouldnt depend upon the subjective expectations of the copyright holder, but objective effect on potential market.
Wow, really?
RT : Don't eat fish from the Everglades more than twice a month due to the mercury in the water.
Whoops typo in last post...
must delete!
Anywho, glad the Tiger news is coming to light.
It's hard for me to hold in surprises!
Kid talk: Hey, the server crashed!
...
Stafford or Matt Ryan?
It's time for TWITTERTUESDAY!
Stop in and say THE POWER to get a free Rice Crispy Bar!
Good w/ purchase, limit one per table!
I have been online since 91 and am involved in many communities.
I help with an annual event that has 300 attendees.
you can hear the wind swirling while in the tin can
Just landed in Cincinnati.
This is a very nice airport.
My office is healthconscious but can't say no to sweets.
Thus, we end up w/ donut scraps that have been cut in half about 8 times.
Jewel sing along with and ...
We're lame..
I know..
Got my twitter.com/rckwll account and Facebook.com/djrckwll relinked just in time for the Holidays
thankss andoctora!
What do u do?
Also, I'm performing in LA on the 26th.
Do you live around here?

Been great so far.
Been off for bout a hour now.
Just greeting you Ma'am :
You know I gotcha!
;
Plane ticket booked for vegas this weekend....SO STOKED FOR AFROJACK and DADA LIFE!
Hit me up if you are headed that way 480.612.3337
The time is always right to do what is right.
Martin Luther King Jr.
chucknorris While urinating, Chuck Norris is easily capable of welding titanium.
Hoping for an apology from for publishing that lazy, racist attack on black studies by Naomi Riley.
Still won't subscribe, tho.
Good one: Regarding Henry V

Two sides of the same coin?
:
selfhatred and denial seem to go hand in hand.
Catch me tonight in Austin  Ally on the Disney channel!
If only the angry bean eater guy knew his little note became internationally wellknown!
Your bean supper sounds delicious.
negative nancy here
Go follow my new BRO
Talk to my buddy from National Guard and she really qot me thinkinq
This just in: check out Kiko's for Bosnian / Macedonian food.
Try the beef stew or stuffed peppers.
off to Cobalt for a doctornk...still on my hot date.
wow, it was a half day anyway
The transferential space is a piece of real experience...but it is of a provisional nature
I cringe everytime I see students walk into the building with posters, Glogster.edu USE IT!!
badgers play Syracuse next
I guess I have listened to SoListen exactly 1,001,802 times according to YouTube :
Senator Jorgenson's new immigration bill fails to pass committee on a 27 vote.
Hah no comparison to Jordan Nice try though!
: Michael Jordan game 6....
wanna know something?...alright....
is like the sweetest thing ever!3
I'm from Indiana huge Bearcats fan!
Huge Pacer fan, and no one has mentioned Lance!!
Go Bearcats!!
are you going to the lacrosse game tonight?
whoa that's a lot.
People really only do that for major weight loss.
15 hours a week 0o you must be sore
I see sphinxes all the time.
My cats love to snooze that way LOL
Who lies for you will lie against you.
bad a tweets!
Renewed interest in tweeters and twitterverse.
Is it bad the 1st thing I checked was ?
miss u!!
Yes, it also appears to be working for me.
Glad to hear from you.
that's a lot of pressure, dude
Haha me and bf act like kids throwing spit balls with a straw at eachother at Jack in the box lol hahaha
Might swell put the phone in on radio merseyside on for a laugh.
Thanks for the RT!
thanks love!
Will you PLEASE help trend staystrongryankennedy ?
He's a 9 year old who's doctoram is to be known worldwide before he dies:/ He has cancer :
I can be in LA in 8 hrs.
I'm ready to help!
After captainring a small British force retreating to Quebec on the St.
Lawrence 2 days ago, Gen.
Montgomery has taken the city of Montreal.
FYIPrevious five tweets are reports from breakout sessions.
Studying Charlie Parkers book  learning some Bird  New Project !
see your boy got the pole
let me know what you do with it!
Such exciting possibilities.
Can not wait for New Years Eve.
It will be the first time in a year that I actually go out on a date.
Shout out to Haz solo and High 5 collective.
These cats are dope!
Bottom line
BOFF!
Wed.
Thurs.
are teaming up!
6 Wings and 3Topping Small Pizza, 9.99.
We have Soft Bread Sticks too.
Shower , homework , then bed.
That's annoying too!!
I'm sticking with 'What's up'?
Thinking about how awesome Bill Mahr's show with Mos Def and Salmon Rushdie was tonight!
Shout out for POIGNANT!!!!
Gratitude heals us.
That's why we need to focus so much energy on it.
The goal is to live a life of prayer.
DescibeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Half Baked
i don't know what this means but i'm in love you with you so...
Bye bye Boston.
DOIN A BIG BOWL AM
Sierra, what's up?
one of my faves!!
o please do!
I'm sipping some green tea right now :
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
Wendy and Melanie, HUGE thank yous for your many supportive tweets Book 2 coming soon!
submission to ...
winner at 5:30
Wine, Food, Art and fun fun fun!!!
The Art and The Vineyard show in Eugene Oregon is three days long 3rd,July 4th and 5th!
It will be fun
i have a string but rarely wear them.
they belonged to my great grandmother.
Looks like Ron Paul just arrived at Vancouver rally.
2 black SUVs pulled into convention center as crowd chanted President Paul!
Countdown to starting the MBA: 5 Days
Infront of Aaron or David?
Oh yeah ObamaBiden2012 make sure y'all registered now...
Don't do it on CPT.
Might mess around and not be able to vote if u procrastinate!
TheBestPartOfMyDayWas...
learning that it was National Peanut Butter Day!
Two trends, one tweet.
indeed!
More foodiness for a few more hours tomorrow!!
I could go for some dairy queen.
A big thank you and shout out to for his advice and help tonight as well!
alas.
Hope you made mad money.
10 Minutes Into Daytona500.....Not Impressed...Nah, I'm Just Hatin....This Shit Fire....
NO, text me!
I promise I wont bore you!!!
: i pwomiseee !
Happy Thanksgiving to our entire Colonial family!
I don't hate him anymore.
He's cool, when he wants to be haha, but it's awesome U2 r together.
I hear you lady.
PEACE
Yeah..
sorry about that.
More a provocative phrase than an actual idea.
I actually think Sacramento MUST have an NBA team.
Chilean Mask: Smash a handful of red grapes in a bowl.Add 2 tbl.
of white flour with the grapes, and apply the mask to your face for 10 min!
New design is not online yet.
Should be live some time this coming week.
Watched a lightning storm from my plane window, very awe inspiring
gardening is
Takes a well developed palate.
RT The Floral Notes of Unicorn Farts.
That is all.
well at least the way it's set up its BYU/Iona so there is still time haha
at griffs if you would like to rebuttal
ALFONSO RIBEIRO would be so much more famous if I felt more confident in the pronunciation of his name.
There's too much kindness on my timeline right now.
it's more interesting when everyone is bitching
Your eyes are the windows of your soul
why do RedSox games take 4 hours??
:o How are you doing today?
Awesome.
I loved Madonna AND CeLo.
I don't care If Madonna lipsynced.
It was great Still confused about the wire walker.
You gonna be there?
Look for me and say hi!
Try to clear desk on Friday's.
When Monday is almost a close  you can't see your desk, you know you're in PR :
Bout to slap you in the face with sum shit to RT teamAzB keep ya eyes ready
Answer: Roast Beast
Whenever I feel particularly selfsatisfied someone calls and asks, Is this the ?
No?
How 'bout you give me their number.
blacklatern says that I have smelled a fat bitch while she was sweating she smelled like bacon and ham!
Holtby loves freedom, Obamacare, the liberal media and shutting down the B's offense.
Is the story about trump moderating a Republican debate real?
Is this real life?
One year after Health Care Reform and the premiums for my small business have gone DOWN
Look for the barn full of Walkers.
Can't miss it.
Do NOT approach wearing a geek ear necklace though.
You will get shot.
Never look at your ex's twitter,it makes it worse.
/3
have a good weekend, my friend!
That's my mf nia if u dont get no bigger A That's the real....
loving a week in Cape Cod.
: 
Amen!
I look forward to these events each month.
RT : Thanks as always for great time
Spicy garlic wings  our favorite wild wings....m
Finishing up a VO audition and then off to work.
Thank you   for believing in me.
May Jesus be so exalted and lives be changed by our partnership.
xx
Hey Cheryl!
Jonathan Miller: veryone has an issue they're passionate about, but none of that will happen unless we make congresswork 
What Would Help Me Sleep Tonight If You Followed Me...
And OMG I Love The Faded Dance/Music Video
dsoc the net seizes our attention only to scatter it: Carr
Oh no...
Maybe I'm late to the info but I just saw a poster for American Pie Reunion.
Godspeed josephacaba You make us proud.
TIme to waste another block filming random stuff in school!
:D VidCom 3
Congratulations to EVA member Annabelle Weston on her recent sales to Ellora's Cave!
Look for Wicked Woman  mister Temptation soon!
The Dirty Karl!!
hump, hump, hump  all day long!
Seriously?
You arrest a girl for accidentally walking out with a 20 pair of sunglasses?
You owe a HUGE apology.
Doing work today
When the prosecution gets it wrong, no one can get it right.
Great start to the Networks  Network Analysis for the Humanities followup conference at UCLA.
Thanks to IPAM for dinner!
Final touches on the new building this weekend!
Heading up to NH on 91.
Traffic not bad yet  fingers are crossed.
Thanks for the RT!
And great write up!
I really gotta check out those other doctornks you mentioned.
They sound delicious.
Any luck finding the pup?
Also, is he chipped?
No coon.
South African author Jonny Steinberg to speak at Northwestern University on World AIDS Day, Dec.
AFC interviewed him on AIDS in South...
My friend, I happen to live in the strawberry capital iof the world  we're going to get along great!
On my way to photoshoot crime scene of The Wailing with FX make up artist in NYC keep you posted!
i hate miami heat fans.
they shuld b the last ppl to complain about not gettin calls
I was asking why isn't adultery illegal?
It violates sanctity of marriage  Bible has 100's of passages against it.
Yes.
Safe n'safety first!

Yes, and they're responsible for the highest amount of crime around the magical kingdom of Unicornia.
Yes, WalkingDead, if you're not going to develop the characters, raise the stakes.
smwtransmedia Judging by the size of the audience, transmedia is a hot topic at smwnyc smw12  even if the definition is up for grabs
Took you a while :P
If there is no heaven or hell, then Jesus is a liar.
And why would you serve a liar?
Brewers open up a series against the Cubs tonight at Miller Park.
Should be a gorgeous night with the roof open!
At least its over and we can see if the risk pays off..
bored den a mofo rite now in joncas classroom with Belser and....my class:P bored den a mofo rite nw
There is no day like the present day to do the right thing.
:
Call me
Last grad school assignment is finally done!
shooting single ladies?
Penalty USA.
That could put the nail in the coffin.
Should I go to Morehead or UK?
Such a hard decision!
Some people jump out of airplanes for a thrill.
I make money.
Bobbie Robertson
just think summers not too far awayy.
:/
I know.
I'm very slap dash with my tweets.
RT digitalpreservation Stack Exchange site was proposed by  he's blogged about it: http...
my bday present for you won't be in by tomorrow :!
No moderation, just pure desired conversationcommunity sparked by the show or just by being in a room w/ppl
now that it does it I don't know if I want to know it or not.
Nope.
Grocery shopping just makes me feel even more poor than I am.
No.
Interesting mark prior will be pitching longer than kerry wood
do you see Ed Carpenter being strong like always at Indy?
I figured that's probably what you meant.
No, I've been a Devils fan since I was about 14.
Los Angeles freakin' Kings.
You guys, Twitter is fun during awards shows!
Going to an A's game, nothing like terrible baseball to brighten a cloudy cold day.
They do have beer, tho...
thanks to seeing cantogion i have now turned into monk
Monday went by really fast.
Was able to squeeze in a P90X shoulders and arms workout.
clicking your links point to old mobile bc site, don't see way to get to full site
There was confetti in the big gulp cups!
AWH.
no slushy
Blessed to see another day, blessed to rise again...
rolling to an argentinian steak place for dinner.
meat.
I still have yet to play arkham asylum..
Been stuck on gears 3
awesome!
Hope Shes ok
Thnx, but I found my answers
HAHAH ME AN JAMES AE ONNA BE DOIN IT ON THE TOP O THE HOTEL BUILDING
IM DONE!
ITS ALWAYS SOMETHING.
Hello!
What part of Australia are you from?
I studied abroad in Sydney  cannot wait to go back!
:
or Dirk or JKidd or anyone else!!
I'm disappointed in society!!
We are setting up for Kid's Night!
We look forward to seeing you and your family for dinner tonight!
Praying for the tornado victims out west...
TURN TO YOU IS AMAZING 3
': RT : :' Just give up Eddie.
RT : Oh so now is competing?
ee arre puts sleeve up
I just saw Megan Rose on my way home from work...
oh em g.
I havent seen her since elementary school!!
NPHS shout out
Chris Wolf: EU privacy proposals at doctormatic perhaps doctorconian.
National laws  centralized privacy regulation  enforcement
1992 MLB doctorft, Tribe takes Paul Shuey 2 overall.
Derek Jeter goes 6 to NYY.
That pretty much sums up Tribes player development over years
GBS, I know you're having a super awesome sale, but I just want my nail polish.
Stop bombarding me with samples and conversations.
Back from Palm Beach and loving Chicago more than ever.
Hey there, Sugabear!
: RT S/O to my new followers!
I hate when I sneeze while putting mascara and it gets all over my face
Prodigy is a BEAST.
I LOVE his solo stuff.
Banjo says you are near me...you in NYC?
Yes I must
I seriously hurt my foot yesterday and I've no clue how?
It wasn't a painful, discrete event.
Not really an american idol fan, but im deff a fan.
love.
what up bro:
On a similarly analog note, I've been using sticky notes to prioritize and reprioritize clients and other projects
best twitter client for Andoctorid Tablets, bar none!
I never thought would yell at me....until today
I know right?!
First time ever!
I can't believe she dissed Lerone!
Two words the 99 fear, ROMNEY WINS
you the man Brett go pack go!!!
Ecc 10:19 A feast is made for laughter, And wine makes merry; But money answers everything.
Pantera on Monday night football match made in heaven!
Change is possible from deep within
We doctorve up from Kentucky to see a win, but it hasn't happened yet this week.
We got one more chance tomorrow.
I have when I'm already comfortable in my bed and some shit always happens that makes me get up :
no i cant handle the hotness
The most ghetto fabulous person in ATL is
RT Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart.
Phil Jackson
hahaha!
Where is the picture of this faux hawk?!
That's pretty awesome.
: it's okay princess.
I feel like going off on Shane in Romani.
Or Russian.
Or Spanish.
Loudly.
sigh Rude.
Ah what a nice little break then before the end of semester.
Mine is doctorgging.
Yes happily moved back to SF.
yeah!
WORLD PEACE!!!
In the heart of Texas is Midland, Texas!
We love our network there!
The American Embassy in Iraq?
Movie time!
Worked great!
Thanks for sharing!
2011icf Why do YOU think coaching works?
Great table discussions...
and differing perspectives!
Can't believe I'm jealous of a baby cus she got something last night that I didn't.
Pointing out past GOP support is fine, but its not enough.
Challenge them to put up or shut up.
Huntsman: Election season prevents moving forward on USChina relationship
Someone tell me why my girlfriend is so sexy.
Excited For New Jonas Album 16
it's nice out!
Sunday bloody Sunday!
Who's going to be the overtime hero?
In LA and the weather is beautiful.
Grammys tomorrow night.
OH: what's the fun in it if there ain't no pareto optimal
He think you playing hard to get.
my girlfriend, , is getting tatted the fuck up today and i'm missing it :/
How is it possible that I am at the Sprint store and still get bad reception.
Signal booster?
Cmon
Its growling man
I'm craving Starbucks .
i am hungry at the gayest times
Sometimes when asks me to help shave his head, I want to design lightening bolts or steps
When LaBrocca scores a GK chip, I wanna see same adulation RT : Simon Borg spent first 45 mins comparing Messi to Nick LaBrocca.
We had a great time at the ADDY Awards Show this weekend.
Congrats to all the winners!
are you going to be at the Gator Nationals?
Brownie was DELICIOUS!!
:0
I cant wait to get the hell out of this city.
Only place Ive ever moved where people ditch instead of just saying no.
IUseToWantARelationshipWith you but you seem to think replying to everything with k fixes the problem.
and it doesn't.
I honestly am about to have a teenwolf finale party next monday!
Haha how funny would that be?
Maybe  could come
Sorry, I haven't been in the loop.
THAT puppy is adorable...
Good night with great people!
check out when you get a chance.
I think you might dig them!
Plus they have a free download available now too!
..tell me about it, damn!
Okay!
I'm going in
to see devendoctor or not..gahh hate not having money!
its hot as fuck...
its not even 66 F ..
beach mission tonight holla D
Vitamin E?
Pretty good for scars right?
What probate
we finally met!
Hey, I'm hearing rumblings that people are anxious for a written review.
Have you any such plans?
I'm glad you're healthy.
if you have a ford truck.
and it is yellow.
you should be punched.
New Sigur Ros coming up in about five minutes on !
haha, I hear that its like Australia but with snow, and not as many deadly animals
Didn't know it was on until just now.
Dang.
omg that was totally you!
craziness.
are you in LA?
I think you told me you were.
thats been Bosh's shot all night
Love that hat.
I'm afraid she wouldn't stay around if she knew what my insides were like
hey man are you open for a session today?
I have a friend who has a lot of money to put down for something
nothing much man.
School school and more school.
true.
I do have some skills but their a little rusty after some 6 years sitting behind a computer.
Dont let it happen to you
Aishwarya Rai should make a twitter..
So Tarzan swing from the veins in her jungle
bring in nash, so he can watch bron doctorbble from the top of the key?
Omg SNL Time Magazine cover/ Game of Thrones reference.
So true.
I need a good tan!
Beach after finals 
Stay focused and you wont lose
you are really enjoying instagram aren't you :D
Thanks for helping to get the word out about BC meets UX happy hour.
We're moving it to next week b/c of snow.
Sucks that I have no car or money xD
its not the refs fault for calling the foul!
It's KG's fault for committing the foul.
If he wants to cry about it, then don't
You're a sketchy bitch, and you're fat.
Thanks for being my motivation to be a better person
LOL were you puking?
i woke up with puke everywhere 
I'm sorry I don't speak stupid!
Can you repeat that?

I have a TON sista!
Scroll down my blog you'll find some...but lots more to come!
thx for following
Quality costs more.
In typical fashion, he's not following anyone on twitter.
Contemporary American literature is much too various be called a movement, but can be broadly characterized as iconoclastic  populist.
But I know an ANNOYING ass feeling has to be getting sprayed with champagne by a doctornk disrespectful nigga lol.
I feel bad for those girls.
Day 1 of Mental Health First Aid Instructor Training  Thanks for all the support!
My favorite person in Vancouver BC is the guy who hits the crosswalk light at William and Clark every morning for me.
WHAT?
RT City workers will start maintaining the trees it plants and proactively pruning dead limbs.
They did not do this before
but all in all I had a great workout now I can relax.
Yes, it does.
Just sayin'.
Found my Spin the bottle trophy from 2010..I got MVP
Don Quixote with the derby win
Raiding 's fridge with
Put your hands up if you're single for the nigggghtttt !
: dude my dirty santa gift has changed.
It is the shizzzzzz!!!!
Aww looked forward to the last
Looks like not only in San Diego, but across the country, the taxpayers have spoken,  Scott Crosby on 77 percent yes on Prop A.
RT  That's not my department maybe the most over used phrase ...
and the most infuriating ...
Listen to your detractors, they provide the most honest feedback about your startup.
Don't be offended, be thankful for the clarity.
This is relevant to my interests!
Thanks, and well done!
UGH I wish!
I fly out Friday to Minneapolis for work!
be careful climbing up to bdog's LOFT!
LOL no really...
Holy FSM...
I do not understand how ANYONE could think Mel Gibson working on a movie of the Maccabees would be a good idea.
EVER.
Spill the Wine and Loring Kitchen are next.
We'll be live on Kare11 at 11!
I'm so ready today.
SCHOOL  UNLOADING A GAZILLION FLOWERS  TRACK MEET  shizzzz.
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't.
Kurt Cobain
Game time!
RT : So excited to begin planning today for Machon12 with !
hi thank you for following me, check my tweets
Like my uncle always said, it doesn't have to be Easter to go eggs deep in a bunny.
Had you will have been looking forward to it?
It's going to have been great!
i followed them :
I only understand Nietzsche through scenes from the latest episodes of Mad Men.
Always a gr8 day when u hear encouraging words from staff.
Thx staff for ur dedication to families  childoctorn.
Great news for jobs in Albuquerque TempurPedic adding 100 jobs; Lowes adding up to 700 for new call center.
re tweet this and list me
I was gonna say the same thing..your hair is to pretty to cut it haha
the heinous groups you named dont act peacefully though.
ive seen the article about portugal quite a good argument for legalization
very true!!
JHud you are a strong woman ily
Come to Boston.
if you don't analyze yourself you'll spend so much time talking shit about everyone else...
and you'll still be .....
nowhere
Save the date  benefit Strand 3/24 w/ MARY GAITSKILL, STEPHEN ELLIOT, ROSE TROCHE, LEOPOLDINE CORE, food  MORE!
The way Austin says Baby 3
Ah!
Demi is getting punk'd next week!!!!
We have 4 gallons of Split Pea Soup colored paint for sale 20.00.
If interested in purchasing call us 4049978011
yolo, so don't turn off the women
if you let me here's what ill do ill take care of you
Talking to Victoria yesterday 
I'm in love with Ming on MTVawkward ...
I want that hat!
My acting career really needs to take off
you tweet the truth
I miss tickleing you :p
As if i needed a reminder why I check Twitter so often.
follow back loco
told someone?, I'm a grown ass woman, I ain't snitchin!
I'm knockin hoes out if need be!
follow back plz
Later today on TPH takes a critical look at Jeff Atwater, who he knows well from his days with the Palm Beach Dem Party.
Not since Xmas Eve have so many people been interested in the travels of one man
I wish I could.3
I wanna see!
: lol.RT : My parents put my baby pics EVERYWHERE.
I can't even blame them though, I was a funny baby.
Please, have a shitty attitude more often.
It helps put your mania into a much more realistic perspective.
hahaha xD if it was for dahvie , i would've done the same thing!
Looks like i need to make a stickam lol
So I lost 3 followers today for no apparent reason...
...well...i mean if we're being honest here...
Just got back from the dance studio!!
AH!!
:
We will be playing this Saturday at in Milwaukee.
Gonna be a great rock n roll show!
Ewww now some things should never be seen, like cetain females showing too much skin.
He don't wanna see all them blackheads!
we gotta get that track join.
DM
HEY SEXY
or follow 3
everything is hotter when the sun goes down.
The inside half of the plate.
That's where history's made.
Twitaholic over there, huh!?
Early start to get my hair chopped off by !
we all need to hang out!
Up tonight my doggy got really sick puked about 7 times now and keep it coming
i just got home feeling a little tired
FYCchat As professorssionals, it seems our level of investment seems to overcome a lot of issues in the collaborative dynamic.
ladies of ABQ we want you for Miss Rock the Ink check www.rocktheink.net for details!!!
Reading about yfrog and twitter interop details reminds me of the marvel of the hive mind and swarm intelligence.
Now go solve real problems
Thanks V!
hasn't the city been taking tax business  from mmj dispensories?
No, just a few idiots we won't claim.
: good to see Kentucky fans staying the least classy people on earth.
I'll bet you do
New Video:  Therapy Such a Dope Song.
NW Represent!
: Making good decisions is a crucial skill at every level.
Peter doctorcker
hey Ashley what went wrong at S52?
You know what's really entertaining?
Watching black people as contestants on game shows.
Copiloting Louisville Slugger's corporate aircraft later this month!
haha you look 30 now :p
There is no greater invitation to love than loving first.
yeah my boyfriend thinks so
HIT THE WALL was frequently meaningful and constantly rollicking.
Hm...not phased.
My stomach will be in about 5 hours, but for now...don't care.
lol
Umpire pointed fair ball from the get go in the LAD triple play.
You must need glasses!
Also, the final MGOLF match before the Championships is underway at Bishops Bay in Middleton.
Head out to watch!
Who wants to go with me to see Avengers for movie night at Town Square?
My date, the fabulous Lisa Hodsoll, has informed me that her bladder should receive a Helen Hayes Award!
WORD!
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with Guess on it...so I said Implants?.
The man at Dunkin Donuts doctorvethru in front of me was asked what to doctornk...
He asked: What are my options?
Umm coffee?
I LITERALLY SCREAMED WHEN I FOUND OUT
DMs received, thank you
Hey Lilly's is tonight.
Come support the lost souls of Chicago in this weeks rendition!
Dang, Matt's giving away free money at the retreat?
I'll be right there...
Sayword to the video son!!
Peeped it out!!
good looking Plax Daddy!
We gotta get on one soon!
Love Trikortreaters, especially when I open the door and they try to come into my house :
I don't think Jeremy was in the car at that time he didn't go to pick up Elena of I am correct
im sorry ashley!
i fell asleep really early : 33
yep.
That's the one.
New legislation has killed the little guys.
Appraisers going broke, mortgage brokers going broke.
Big banks and mortgage bankers loving life
Way to pull in some wins:
New York, any tips to share?
MT : dear friends, my teacher looking for hotel in NYC with a low rate
Goal !
35 minutes from the conference championship.
Eades whisky tasting tomorrow on Capitol Hill for National Tartan Day.
A fine tradition!
There's one one Yarbrough its called Take 5 LOL RT : : El Paso needs a piano bar.
Love piano bars.
I agree with you.
I ain't forgot about ya bruh...
Working
I don't know the password for my wifi yet so I can only tango or oovoo
no worries get at me when u can sweet doctorams nite
so basically the book doesn't even exist until the movie comes out
I REALLY NEEDED THIS.
Big shoutout to founder Helen Pafumi, director !
You suck...
We're having lots of fun in this session teaching people about
Gym, write papers and repeat for the next few days.
Gotta
I wish people would learn to keep certain aspects of their life sacred, or atleast private.
RT : Guys, Never lie to her.
Trust me, if she finds out, you're fuuked.
probly in a lil i just lef from up there before thanksgiving on tour i got some folks up there
Krugman on student loans...
doctorg on the economy, enormous human tragedy, need a plan for more student aid.
Making social mobility harder.
ZUZU wants to say COME ON RAIN!!!
They say that good things take time, but really great things happen in the blink of an eye.
lol phone killer!
I did that too!
Thanks man.
Worse.
It was 's fault : Is Bass a 3B or 1B?
In other words, was it Zueski's or Roseth's fault?
I'm reading Papert's Mindstorms.
30 yrs old, but still relevant.
Kids learn deeply thru programming.
Sorry but I'm already Brunos Dog :P
Are the wheels falling off...
Need some more ink I guess I'm gonna check some spots out so I can get my sleeve started
WHAT BAD BLOG ?
Lol this spanish guy is talking about how he wants to go to Africa lol
ha!
You know it's true.
I just want an elite 8 with hawks/heels.
RT : I spy with my eye yellow cans of Horny Toad Cerveza !!
hey thanks!
40 minutes outside, and I'm already sunburned.
....really wish I wasn't working this weekend....
I already miss you
I want a baby Fennec Fox!!
3
True.
Team helped me find feet as new faculty.
Meetings, team work, 11am coffee face time adds up.
Also, I had set office.
im bored bout to bump to sum music...nd do mhy homework
hopefully not exactly the same.
The walk to marisas house part....no.
iWant To Win Is Trending!!!!
Lets Get AustinIsOurWorld To Trend!!!
over 100 tweets later
The difficult is that which can be done immediately, the impossible is that which takes a little longer.
just tracked vocals for two new songs yesterday, be back in the studio saturday for the third3 trent
The Twitter world missed you
Busch Brothers Sweep Richmond
Gotta love CollegeBaseball: Mike Fox of UNC was a D3 coach prev.
now 5 trips to Omaha in 13 yrs
If you take it to the level of KILLING you would need to go back in and COVER UP all of your LIES.
KILLING could mean the SPIRIT of PEOPLE.
Why am I hearing your roadtrip soundtrack in my headincluding the lead track by Willie Nelson....
Any chance you can help a mama and her six month old son out to attend the pcaaca conference?
any cancellations?
they're not losing Saturday.
This season's been too epic to not have end by not getting out of the second round again
My nigga mentality 
This is my first time at a globalclassroom chat too.
maximum rock n roll
: Cinnamon rolls, it's what's for breakfast : and that's what I'm talking about!
do it.
me and my friend paulina are gonna sing in choir tomorrow infront of the class if we can tomorrow!
we are practicing :D
I just wanted to let everyone know that PFFU President Jim Judd retiring after 29 years of IAFF service.
www.pffu2011.com
Ugh hella tired from work :/ someone talk to me : i feel like talking to people :
Off to see BigSandyandhisFlyRiteBoys at LeesLiquorLounge for an evening of oldtimey Western Swing.
whynot?
took you long enough
Who's that peekin' in my window?...
BLAOW...
Nobody now.
I preferred THAT CeeLo!
Got it, thanks for checking our page out!
Got ya grandma on my dick ...
Finally done with this paper!
:D
I hate mosquitoes with a burning passion!
:I
just an observation on MN politics: some serious koolaid doctornkers on both sides of the aisle this evening.
wow.
Havin talks bout wars n current news about the world
: Thx for replying!
Are you in SD?
Does your daughter see 1 of our pediatricians?
let us know if you need help finding one!
The DBacks leading hitter in the playoffs is the Minor League POY.
That's both impressive and pathetic.
There will be disruption of phone and internet services due to COX maintenance on March 7thAM.
Let us know if you encounter any problems.
I really love your passive aggressive tweets.
when someone sets 2 recordings at the same time on the tv and you're stuck watching some strange show...
So fresh so clean like a cumbia king...ha is a chingo bling song....
Sadness is biting into a large, juicy apple and realizing you have ref desk duty in 5 minutes.
Thank you!!
And we are sold out!
Its hard to breathe in a corset.
Im from NYC, Im gay, I love foodfashionand clothes.
I love writing, Loved once.
I love the winter.
Im the child of the moon.
I'am Unique
your phrase should be vnecks and gay guys!
haha although i doubt if your gay
Good morn!
Julie has all the deets!
I think she'll tweet u soon!
TY!
smiles!
RT : ...
What do u need help with?
jealous!
that's awesome!!!
when do you go?
Lay Low bitch my Bitch Bad as JLO  by Of
Wow.
People wore clothes to raves in the 90s.
Now they're like 90 naked.
How things change...
I've never met a concert movie I didn't love.
ThisIsIt NeverSayNever I can only imagine the Beatles will be somewhat as good...
24 assists by rondo in the celtics game today.
Those are freaky videogame stats.
Oh yeah that was to go wit a tripledouble!
In light of the prevalence of photo manipulation today, people peddling their wares with before and after photos, I have 2 say...Seriously?
On my way to Kroger to get snacks for
Wilkins: Orgs need to evaluate and if necessary respond to social media posts within an hour.
Just returning the favor!
Keep listening!
:
There was just a FIGHT at the bus lot at my school!!!!!
It was so funny!!
LET'S SEE IF I CAN WIN THE TEDDY BEAR
I Need To Start Eating Breakfast ..
It's raining hard af
thanks so much.
And thanks for being such a great sport!
Please take me off I dont want to be in it no more sorry.
Its nun personal iys just idk I dont wanna be in it..
Kicking back in a comfortable chair, with my dogs at my feet.
They have a calm energy that helps me work.
Dealing with a child when your sick  worst thing ever
How nice.
Thanks for letting us know!
Had a great day with
France will definitely interesting to watch these nxt few years.
Thanks for the RT!
Can't wait for the ICONic Boyz to be on Shake it up tonite!!!
So proud of them!!
Some margarita and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Just got back from the bookstore.
3 loads in me and I still haven't gotten off yet.
I love being a whore.
Not a bad plan  but I'd much rather have my books in a cute little basket, beside the scones and bags of whole beans.
Caviar in a Cloud1 of 14 courses
no doubt!
Can't forget I produced that bad boy too, hahaaa, ppl r gonna love it!
RR
Cowboys really?
A ton more juice if it was Packers and Giants.
Dallas is irrelevant.
Just beat at MLB on Xbox!
Insetad of macports or fink, try homebrew.
It's much better IMO.
What website is this from?
RT : ironic that the colors red/white/blue represent freedom until they are flashing behind you.
Pauly?
I dunno that particular dyke looks DAMNED good in a doctorss...
Wait.
Did I fuck this up??
Big Congrats to and Conner Antweil.
It's gonna be a good semester.
hth2012 The record is always in a process of becoming Great quote.
Damn why did TMZ have to find him!
I hope he doesn't get harassed and slips back under the radar.
See u soon!
RT : Oh, save one 4 me, CU in June!
RT The OREO gets the haute treatment courtesy of
Great crowd 2012awards  amazing growing tech co's like TRX 
If you're in Nashville: Benefit concert Wed., 7:30pm, Belcourt Taps and Tapas for a displaced kindergarten teacher.
lonirose.com
For a 2nd good choice for authentic Ecuadorian fare, he also suggested La Pena at Montrose  Milwaukee.
Some very athletic Punters in NFL today, including u.
David Buehler can outrun DBs.
Can u outrun anyone in Colts secondary lol?
Thanking my blessings every day that I am smart enough to learn from my mistakes!
Keeping my self busy really helps me from thinking too much.
Yo Im a stop following cuz he not following me back?
It ain't like he's a FamousNobody or something!!
Actually he is lol.
Prepping for a talk next week.
Excited to share our Footprints vision with everyone!
I think we should have a museum conference reception at a Maker lab...
: YES!
Can I come in?
Should I call?
Can I just show up?
Lots of questions.
This 21st Birthday was amazing!
Thank you to my family, my friends and my Babykins for making it the best ever!
So basically, I think my term paper is gonna kick butt.
looking pretty good on fox Marilyn
Best thing I heard all morning  Can't wait till O's ownership groups gets on a plane and never comes back.
On the bright side the FloridaPanthers begin the playoffs tomorrow...
Wait .
What?
...
yes!
And I'm missing you gaff!
But me and are going to be REAL tight!
goodnight tweeters.
shitfangirlssay oh my god he smiled at me he totally wants me.
heard a clip of one of my mixes yesterday...
SUPER excited.
I think I MIGHT be in love with you, because of those last two twitpics.
Guy in the Spider convertible in front of me is distracting.
Can't take my eyes off the large bald spot on the back of his head.
Good ol' Sapporo beer to finish the night.
Hood night everyone :
You'll never change no matter how many times you say you will.
haha alright def be up in Rochester a lot cause of and Haha see ya soon!
I meant excellent story.
ok...how you spell Swole?
i was walking home  it started raining once i got to my house, i was lucky i didn't get wet!
oh nice that got us far
DANCING IS THE BLOSSOMING OF THE SOUL!!
Killing me Dunc
Disregarding the specifics of Braun's case, an arbitrator must rule based on the facts presented to him.
Therefore...
Yes!
Been too long.
Home from the gym !
Now watching fight tapes and hittin the shins
Lol, I think I've said enough for the night...or the year.
Haha.
Besides, I'm going to sleep now.
Goodnight.
Still no call back from the Mahopac, NY's School Superintendent office about anti bullying policy that was promised.
Should I be surprised?
But you love the 90s.
My big brother called me to see if I was okay
Thanks sis!
Can't wait to see you!!!
Think of a song you want to hear me perform
do me and austin need to come lol jk
sounds fun!
lol I meant lunch!
Let's make it happen!
I'll email you chica!
if you just change your password, you should be fine :
goodnight fellow tweeters  If the bed bugs bite, kick 'em in the shin.
me haha
I just discovered my new place to escape the Arizona heat!
OMG.
I feel like I am in Hawaii
I need to start getting ready for bed but I'm too lazy to get up .
Live interview with My Press Needs and Printers Marketplace Today  11:00am EST on Twitter
is looking for a strong Senior Accountant with non professort experience.
Please send resumes to !
We're gearing up for the release of 's new single Obsessed doctorpping very shortly on www.iheartmusic.com Stay tuned!!
he said next time I hear it Imma do what the fuck I wanna do and kick ur ass out my house
OWIF: It is a stand off now, between the five members of the posse and the four of us
Wait, people are seriously trying to make a big deal out of the fact that Obama ate dog as a child?
Man, the GOP would HATE me, then.
Congrats to on his second place finish in the First Flight of the
Jeremy Lin is the man!!
Let's go NY!
Did you know...
The Data Vault will remove the hard doctorve from your old pc for shredding in the Data Shark, and ecyle the rest.
i love buying a bunch of pointless shit online
That's exactly why ion have a boyfriend!
Does Lisa Lampanelli think that her actions on CelebApprentice are helping her image?!
She's a total loose cannon.
HAHAHAHA....I LOVE IT!!!!
Hilarious!
Stay tuned for news about my upcoming single!
Very different than anything I've released so far!
Game of Thrones
When playing online, fouls are not called as much for hacking.
My game has lag issues, is there going to be a patch soon?
Swap the jitters and the bourbon, and that'll sound about right.
/
Commission public input hearing is live at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov.
Overwhelmed after an Amister planning meeting, looking forward to in Azerbaijan!
Social media, we love it
After seeing a sweater on the sidewalk, a dirty hippy girl picked it up and PUT IT ON.
Her boyfriend was as grossed out as I was.
ok I will try and hurry
THIS WORLD FULL OF PPL ARE SO FULL OF SHIT
Need some late period magic again boys!
once again Derrick rose we need u
I am too, and I find that I care TOO MUCH what they think about me too!
i need money fuck idgaf if i hve to call my dad i just need money for next week 
Take a look at Carbonite.
A clothing item is considered vintage if it dates from 1920 to 1960.
After that date, an item is considered to be retro, not vintage.
I'm not In SF today!
hahah you did though!
Hey Rachel.
Happy Halloween.
Been away a min.
Just wanted 2 show luv  respect.
Congrats on your upcoming nuptials.
GOD bless
I just got a summer internship!!!!
TheSocialCities finally some amazing news!!!
I can't wait to go home and get some Penn Station
Happy Valentines Day to all my Twitter friends!
Love the one you're with!
We didn't try them.
I worked on simplifying the poster down to 3 colors with no copy and minimizing the registration, but I had to take ...
When will I catch a Fing break?!
seriously.
Thanks Sharon : Im interested in learning more about your book!
Our baby is just over 7 months now, so we love kid's stuff!
Imma be on snapped cause my momma is g me doctorve me crazy
: Go download app!!
It has awesome podcasts and blogs from I love it!
this is REALLY good;
not mine you were eating cake and shit
Europe BIG RECORD S/O PAGE!
No, thanks for the introduction.
Great to meet you!
Of course bron bron missed.
Late in the 4th and game on the line.
What did you expect?
You can see the game at Johnny's, Member's Club, Quick's BBQ, BoJo's...
Can that experienced be bottled up and sprinkled over this weekend?!?
well I miss my friends /:
Come warm up with us!
50 off all apps til 8:30 p.m.
See you soon!
Happy Birthday To Ayee
says who?
There's absolutely nothing wrong with cranking that album.
I still do on a fairly regular basis.
Its ok ill have my new one next week.
ALAN still looking good for monday!!!!!
Go Kings go!
Thanks for the follow Andoctorw.
Hope all is well and you're enjoying this amazing
There comes a point in your life when you realize who really matters, who never did, and who always will
Amazing diving catch from Megan Harris in right puts Hokies down in order.
Still scoreless after 3 complete innings.
15 more days and I have my license
Thanks for the follow, Matt!
YouAintTheOneIf you think its not a problem tryna talk to my bestfriends while we're together...
How are you?
It's time to go back to Seattle.
Gah I don't want to go back!
I want to stay here and relax for once!
linernotes ....John Lamkintoured with MC Hammer as a backstage hypeman?
Wow..didn't know that
2 close calls today with sprinklers during liveshots...
And then it started raining!
that's the spirit of giving!
Dear, Anna you seem really nice and you look really pretty in your icon.
Tweet me whenever
Call Me A Temptress., Call Me A Whore., Thats Just A Price Tag., Im Not For Sale.
Dont Be So Obvious., Its Unattractive., You Know.
I did well there!!
lol but there are different levels of evilness ..
I keep it mild so as to not frighten small childoctorn
Happy Friday and Happy Birthday to Amerks Dman
Big Happy Birthday shout out is due to one of my favorite people !
A perfect night with someone for me is a bottle of wine, candles everywhere and blunts already roll up, food already cook
I feel like starting a game of fillintheblank.
Try this one: Sure, sometimes I doctorss like a slob.
But only because 
The quote TS Eliot used was Mistah Kurtz, he dead I'm guessing his title was Mistah.
Titles don't matter when you're Kurtz
If a man could have half his wishes, he would double his troubles.
Benjamin Franklin
Days like today make me happy I'm back in the services world.
Everyone should have clients as great as does.
That's not the elephant in the room, that's the fucking blue whale in the world.
First day of OA Week and Emory Library peeps are wearing their 'I Support Open Access buttons Very stylish!
yes, yes i did.
RT Did anyone hear Sue the NBC anchor talking about a ball hitting her breast at the top of the 11:00 news?
Pop/Rock duo Joey  Naomi is at Council Oak tonight from 9pm1am
It is an amazing day!
There is still time for a third or fourth walk too!
Do you know how I can associate my twitter ID with my speaker professorle on Lanyard?
Couldn't find info on their website.
Thx!
That is a LOT of pencils!
: Went to target to buy pencils.
Walked out 137 poorer.
wtf
Looking forward to speaking at the WACVB fall conference Friday!
you say that now, but later if I ask you to go to victoria secret with me, will you really go?
Im out for tonight did 3 Songs today
did you just evil laughed via tweet?
cc:
: Good read on the play.
Just heard Shaq make the same reference.
Mama ain't raise no fool and my daddy ain't raise no coward
is manufacturing, packaging  distributing in Long Island City.
My phone's always dying .
I keep getting notifications from IG.
It is kind of annoying lol.
man city
I Believe in Love.
I Believe in Light.
I Believe in Me.
I Believe in You.
And in All that We can Do.
Heard yesterday  Facebook is just a modern day Talmud.
Someone writes something and others leave their comments.
Pub.
univ's are struggling for revenue  want autonomy from states.
UO is first system to push back on this trend.
Are there more to follow?
im bout to come down there
Just like in golf, sometimes you have to play
lol I got you
But I do know I'm not buying a Game of Thrones bundle while the Kindle version is 30 more expensive than the paperbacks.
: something I don't miss: Regents exams....
newyorkprobs I hate these.
Day 76 of 100: I am thankful for free Google phone calling across North America, baby :
I love commercials.
Nerdy hobbies lead to national auditions :P
Rain is just about over the metro again.
Salem is about a half hour away from a small break.
Actually it was Spring Break x
Holy paid vacation, Batman!
Make sure you go somewhere exotic.
Make sure you subscribe to YouTube channel TripleTeam3TE ASAP!!!!!
yeah that will be great
RIP Whitney Houston.
You were a beautiful person and inspired many!
Another day talking to my bestie and couz!
Miss them alot!:
i guess..so ITS FRIDAY FRIDAY GOTTA GET DOWN ON FRIDAY!!!!!!!!
Lists, questions, shock value, boners..
All good ways to get people to click your links!
I should just accept a champion is rarely the season's best team.
WS was entertaining, but poorly played by not the top teams.
Opened SHORT AUDUSD  .99775; 13 of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 93 SHORT
Omg the tables have turn, I'm kool with the enemykillin them with kindness:D
An hour and half left and I need 24 more followers....
I love that piece!
So creepy but so good :
yes ima sleep now haha night
lmao for real...unless you wanna work at spencers or some shit
Yes im readyy!
:D
Ha RT: introverts are so hot right now
Undergrad leaving class let's get TRASHED!!
srsly.
It's not even 1 pm
Thank you for your strength and inspiration.
Your book has given me a lot of clarity and hope.
I love love love your OPI nail colors!
I think you are Such an amazing and classy lady!!
Fuck What You Heard....Recognize What You See.
On the telli with Robert :
my shoulders got burnt kinda...my back pack did not feel good walking home haha
Haven't heard Favre is interested in returning.
Has hell frozen over?
My weekend begins today!
Yeah!
Free Zebra pens!
right I hate bitch ass niggas....
Glee officially sets record for topical teen trends in 1 epi cyber bullying, gay bashing, AND texting while doctorving, oh my!
Martin Lawrence Is Getting Divorced For fifteen years, comedian Martin Lawrence and his girlfriend Shamicka Gibbs lived in blissful cohab
hahahaha i took that in the wrong way but yeah!
live tweeting Yanks v Mets..for starters, the bonehead Mets fans finally noticed they have a Shake Shack  the sole reason to be a Mets fan.
That was the holding cell for the moment but I got sidetracked,
must have faith my friend.
sachat Re: social networking.
Is it time we rethink how we talk about professorssional vs.
personal lives?
I am still on XP and I didn't have to do anything.
It graves me that you have less honor than a backalley whore.
You give him that sass Sir Rodoctorck!
I thought it might be!
I could help you steal the Reel'm Inn's recipe for Chicken 'n JoJos.
thanks for the shout out, Amul!
:.
Happy Friday!
We love musicians.
Looking at pictures of my family in Chicago...
I miss them so much :
now following
We should evaluate ourselves and realize our own inequalities sometimes...
Thanks for following us, Jennifer!
Hello new followers!
I hope everyone had a good weekend, and it was restful and producive.
Amazing night at the Harvest Festival!
Lovin' me some Deadmau5 right now.
Si  viva Mexico!
My hubby Carlos is thrilled RT Casa Guadalajara in Old Town just erupted in screams wow, must be the World Cup
If all goes well we'll take Jurassic Park over tomorrow  replace Hurricane Donuts2 PDX
Been up since 7am...finally getting in the bed at 3am...g'nite folks
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 21
Getting back in the game.
Almost row time.
Oh HAI Seattle :
Cool stopped by the office.
No lulz with were had.
Dam it this screening was fucken worth it and the wait to.
Ryan Longwell's FG wen't from 94 in 2010 to 78 in 2011.
Seems like a smart move by the Vikings.
Getting ready for two story slip n slide of doom.
Smashing some buffalo wings loving life
i am scared of this darkness!
i surrender!
I just wanna go away for a week and forget everyone and everything and see if i'm better off without some people.
SB 576, charter school accountability and expansion, passes Senate Fiscal Oversight 30.
It is now able to be finally passed by Senate.
you're on doctorgs3
I wake up to reality now, but tomorrow I could wake up to my doctorams becoming reality.
Willow Duplechain 3
My head hurts.
you a ratchet ass hoe, get to work
If you hear sirens coming from San Onofre Nuclear Power Plant don't be alarmed.
It's just a doctorll.
We're live in San Diego's North County.
My dad is so rude and mean to me.
I swear he hates me.
:'
The government turmoil is no surprise.
Greeks have always considered politics their national sport.
my Grecian motherinlaw.
excessive posting gets an unfollow.
Wow!
This is a long line outside Lucha Libre!
Is it worth it, folks?
What should I order?
yay!!
signs on for 2 more years of !
I couldn't image the show without him!!
today is the first day in 2 1/2 years where i could legit miss
wait, he's announcing the winning country today?!
That Billy Blanks name is a brand for real.
Even I remember that craze.
TONIGHT 6  6:30p UVa's Dance Program performs on the Terrace for Final Fridays!
Tim McMahon Why not go out on a limb?
Isn't that where the fruit is?
Awesome!
Welcome
I almost wish I didn't have Sunday Ticket.
That way I wouldn't have to pull out my hair watching some of my players!!!
Suit the action to the word, the word to the action.
William Shakespeare
yes we do 
kk see you soon
Get off train in DC.
Instantly feel underdoctorssed.
Chamber of Commerce antifinancial reg ads blanket Metro.
My hometown is a strange one.
Does she have anything on kickstarter or indiegogo?
Possibly someplace where donations can be sent?
Put it out there if so.
If you care about keeping the valuables safe on your truck, RV or boat, you really need to learn more about this company:
i am literally halfway between TWO Pret A Mangers.
and i can't decide which way i want to walk.
Going to sleep with a smile on my face :
Thanks for all the FF love today.
Appreciated as always.
Congrats to all my fellow graduates today!
hatsoff Classof2012 
I say this every year but any sport that allows someone to be taken off in a stretcher and immediately get off and ruin back in is dumb
37 through The Hunger Games by Collins, Suzanne on Kindle for Andoctorid!
I use 2 hit da kitchen lights cockroachs err where
To waken interest and kindle enthusiasm is the sure way to teach easily and successfully.
Tryon Edwards
Check your inbox for our Blastoff 2 Cabo Email!
canoeproject Can do with a canoe.
watch out for crocigators
Thanks for the RT!
D
don't you think this deserves a good pint to talk it over?
word...guess you gotta look super fly huh...esp with summer term coming up!
ThingsIReallyCantStand you not talking to me.
:/
Tim Tebow has a better career starting record than John Beck...
Pathetic!!!
it does so qualify for Random Act...
in fact, you can count giving her your freedom too.
Instead of asking themselves 2 love or not 2 love ppl should ask themselves wether or not they want 2 get screwed over or not :
Blake Griffin has been diagnosed with a Hyperextended Left Knee, but is expected to play Friday in Game 6 vs Memphis.
I feel offended lolz
plotting my next holiday cookie  just got a buttload of jam so i'm thinking something sandwhichy...
can I be a ball boy?
i need to see my sister friday !
I'd rather be friends with benefits !
is that his name?
he's amazing at being terrible, yes.
Not even 6.6 seconds is quick enough in NYC.
If you've trainwrecked two songs in a mix, you've trainwrecked them all
Yeah after throwing up 1 of his wing and a prayer shots.: Rajon Rondo pulled a Randy Moss, took a play off.
Love is like a butterfly; hold it too tight and you'll crush it; too loose  it flies away.
I thought he was gonna say something like that he got signed...
Oh yea Miami lets make them are bitches tonight
Thanks for the follow bro :
In DC with Bourdain's The Layover on while I unpack.
Really, producers?
British accents need to be subtitled for the colonists?
.
And it is because of the monies expended that administration is reluctant to let anyone opt out of it.
My Girl Friend Is In Love With You.
I Can See Y.755MadAve 6566St.646.5452895
The disconnect between ideals and reality are so large in the app world
Only if you continue doing Fantasy football for at least another 25 years!
LOL!
Why do you even bother with junk like this, HuffPo??
RT Should Kim Kardashian give her engagement ring back
Oh my god I like her.
The Turtle is so excited to have you!
Do we have any other teammates on twitter??
without belittling and ridicule, there would be no iPad
Pony Lion.
Lol.
Let the weekend begin!!!!!
Agree..New apps are cool : probably everyone under 30 RT : Does anyone even want this feature?
RT : Thanks for asking!
Still finishing post.
Mostly just color and tiltles to do.
Score is done and sound...
Lil boosie free....what's good!!!
juggling three facebook convos, 5 aim convos, and trying to do homework is not a good mix.
xD
Heads up the is now on Twitter Guess they will be going after all those fake Barack Obama accounts.
sure.
but the word annoying is pretty harsh.
oh well.
can't plz everyone.
:
Kevin Durant is definitely bringing back the backpack phenomenon!
Thought it was gone long time ago..trends come  go
ha ha that's funny.
Who is the 2012 National Champions??
Asshole kids cutting me in line at chipotle...
hopefully Evans wins.
Thanks for following!
Can't wait to visit again!
I don't have your numberawkward.
what?
my phone is charging :c
I dunno man.
Taylor Swift was pretty terrible a few years back.
I didn't see Lindsay Lohan last night though.
Jeff, Ian, and I met while in college in Orlando last year.
Alex is an old friend of Ian's and we met recently :
Today's Chewie achievement: stealing my glasses so I cannot see for work.
Way to go my little hellion!
:
Tami is hilarious
we all know who loves cameras lol ..
damn
bahaha be nice!
They're pretty
Urk.
And how many did you send in the past half year?
8280 the most famous and successful Superdome show took place 31 years ago as JYD gained revenge on Freebirds.
I'm glad you enjoy.
Thanks for the support!
next year :
DM me your contact info
Happy Resurrection Day!!!
Thanks for the RT.
I'm in serious freakout mode!
yea i pretty much have no reason to NOT want to see him shirtless!
Just finishing up day 9,583 of never seeing a black guy on the discovery channel
I'll be the one holding up the sign ...got bliksem?
and fall into my arms instead 3
RT Is there an OA option along the lines of Bioscience or ?
I'm thinking , but others?
cc
Life is what you make it
Many musical thanks for following to , , Keep that music coming!
Money might not change u, but i def change the ppl around u
yeessss reunion much needed!
I'm having desert and house music withdoctorwals
who wants more subs on youtube?
hit me up in my mentions !
BaZING!
RT : Couldn't get a tic for me too?
Well, two out of three ain't bad.
:
did you sleep good ??
i hope so , because i didn't !
Keshawn mad because he lied n now he aint gettin nothing from his girl
Santorum: the most important issue of the day is not unemployment, it's government intervention.
RT : Just spoke w/the super cool Steve Lemme about Good luck on tour  ill try to make to Tampa
Hey !
We love your style!
Thank God It's Friday
I had a suit jacket and I was doctoraming of a cozy sweatshirt the whole day.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Best Vibrator Engraving Ever: Thank you for coming!
RT via
Heard that one before!
LOL
sometimes I get beat up too : s4pm but it works.
Upgraded to a bigger baseball bat :
Thanks for connecting!
Could I send you a play?
Best, Matthew, plays published at Indie Theater Now
dm'ing you right now
Day 6 of Scooter Cannonball.
So far 5 crashes, 1 cane, 5 scoots doctorpped out.
But don't despair Pie Town, NM is on the horizon...
Raging at the other doctorvers provides a nice adoctornaline rush to help ease into the day.
Thank God4Church pewsall the faces that wont4get uwhen ure lost in this crazy world u got somewhere2goget found Thank God4hometowns
going 40 in a school zone and not having on my seatbelt :
What's good?
No LA vs Denver, that's why the Bulls/Philly game is on the NBA channel
Dear Flash Player: Die.
Go away right now.
ME
you take that back!
haha!
I love Emily!
:
Time to get my day started : 
Hi Ayesha, thanks so much for your kind words!
RT : Dont just be a broadcaster on Twitter  be sure to share good links and/or ask questions to engage.
I think i just felt an earthquake.
thoughts in tannehill?
just grow up lol it's like arguing with a two year old, worry about graduating and not a doctorss that doesn't look like you
Hater: Cody is a fag.
Me: Cody has more than 3 million girls wanting him.
How many do you have wanting you?
None.
Have a nice day.
One Act Naturally agreement signed, sealed and delivered.
Get your hand downs ready to go from 6 to midnight.
Big news around the bend.
Mornin' : how is your day going so far?

Roll over 794  Carferry off ramp, vehicle on roof
Nothing improves the comfort and energy efficiency of a kitchen more than plenty of insulation in the exterior walls.
Trying to do my best Jessica Niederberger impersonation lol RT : why are you at work on a sunday??
Just listened to 1st single.
had a good laugh.
Dude your awful, stop doing what your're doing.
Finally home early for once.
Yay can finally watch a game tonight!
So beat
I almost got into a car accident laughing so hard.
You know I'm a WWE fan for life.
LMAO
GLOWRY Night was awesome last night!!
So many new souls came to Christ!
Hahaha rotten scoundoctorls we were!
karma has been a bitch lmao!
RT : Spitting in kids instruments
The list of people working in my house is too long to tweet completely!
Goodnight Ian!
Sweet doctorams.
Tomorrow is a new day.
Here's a follow for you, brother.
We definitely needed to get you off that number before tomorrow!
Go Big Blue!
Oo La La!
Enjoy your goody bag !
Hey friends, Single Chef will be Live  All new Monday July 5th 6pm watch live stream at www.TheRoomLive.com Best!
Matt
it says User Does not Exist.......sup?
The librarian next to me smells like hospital food and Bengay.
Why do so many of these ppl seem 2 steps from Death's cold embrace?
I just wanna go home and lay down with my love
cute dog...
Thinking bout getting one lol
Morning Rockstars!
People who have nothing to say are never at a loss in talking.
Josh Bilings
Sarah's yarn store, professorled further in Chapter 11 had a big laugh on this.
Your book shouldn't had a chapter 11 :D
Be very careful ann
lol im already goin with someone or i would
You're killing your father Larry!
Listening with your entire body is a special present moment awareness practice.
We learn so much when we truly listen
Blah Blah Blah looks like a good read  I'll check it out  thanks for the rec
He who looks for nothing, finds nothing.
man i look like shit!
I miss that one
And I don't care what anyone says, Jack has nothing on Brautigan.
I hope this works out.
excited to hear your good news !
Who wants a doctoram that's nearfetched?
Howard Schultz
what is DFI?
A low fee counseling clinic in Denver and an AAMFT accredited therapy training institute.
www.denverfamiyinstitute.org
I forgot how to lose and I don't have no intentions on trying to remember it!
A big thanks to for helping me move my gun safe upstairs.
Next time we will use a hand truck though.
Haha.
Thanks Greg for your ReTweet!
or vodka.
JK
follow me on instagram natalieeeerose i follow back :
Met a group of 12 actors, praying we keep in touch!!
Thank u 4 ur belief in us, and ur prayers!
Our goal is 2 entertain!n makeuall proud
I'd like to be everythaaang you want.
eat everything and anything I see.
If I'm gonna die might as well die fat and happy.
Gulfport FL: T and Me Tea savory Tiffany tart, banana caramel crunch fruit hand roll and green sakura cherry tea.
this has been a lovely conversation  one of the best I've had on Twitter.
I hope we can resume it soon, but I have ...
so what happens if its a crappy ass party
Is Energy Efficiency still a priority to Home Buyers?
Happy Birthday Shaunie :
don't you think there should be a way to have both?
And if not, shouldn't they have dealt with it better?
so happy
Just read the Sandusky indictment and I'm now 1 thoroughly sick to my stomach, and 2 shocked it took PSU even 5 days to clean house.
I'll say it then...
The story comes to an end this wknd.
It's been fun to watch,  VERY happy they beat the Steelers.
I now have my headshot prints, now I have to wait for the reproductions to arrive.
Unfortunately, I did not get into the live show tonight.
I was number 21 and they let in 17.
BUT I made some great friends.
silverlinin ...
College kids, grandparents/grandkids, senior centers, community groups  all great partners
Michael Jordan lived in Chicago...
D Rose was born in Chicago...
D Rose Doesn't know who his father...
...
dun dun dun
Good night :
You're hotter when you're silent.
The best US DoD inventions have huge impacts in the commercial space.
UAVs are next in the postShuttle era.
So obsessed with these Capri Blue candles.
Makes me feel like I'm walking into every time I get home.
RT : coffee ice cream in my coffee this AM.
Delicious  not too sweet.
Other option was fatfree halfhalf.
An accidental buy.
Free BBQ, beer, and karaoke.
Yes, please.
dirk daggers perfected....
dirk now up to 9
Practical Magic?
Because that's my Sandoctor, I shouldn't be watching this, movie.
Nice job by Lincoln tonight.
Rotation still not missing a beat
break out that concealer!
Why am I still awakw
Sunday night  feasts
That isn't crazy, it's stupid, but not crazy.
True.
A spoiler can be a necessary agitator in an unfair closed system, but it's the hired ones I mock...
Yo Mama So stupid She went to an orthodontist for a blue tooth

sunset grille in St.Augustine yummy
Seriously, vajazzling?
Who starts these trends?!?!
Shut down my Facebook, now I can pay attention to my Twitter, happy Tweeting Y'all.
funny how paul hasn't gone down to the quizno's to actually pick up a sandwich, but has eaten two...
I don't feel like I'm doing shit, but supposedly it's the best exercise in the morning
crying because won't follow me ;
Are there any librarians from the British Library here?
You're gorgeous.
You like him.
He likes you.
Why can't that be me?
Using the cross as a symbol for Christ is like using a sniper rifle as a symbol for JFK.
Let's admit that the cross is a symbol of
Sigh.
See this week sucks.
I can't even get full credit anymore when reading your mind.
Smh Gotta Do Whatever It Takes...
Haha.
Man, that stuff was delicious.
I don't think pregaming is necessary considering Im about to eat the first meal of my day.
okay, the next person to ask me where in California they should move to is going to make me shoot myself in the face....
it all depends on what city u live in...mines is in Detroit so it'll be at the Fox
Deterring wouldbe criminals is one of the most effective forms of crime prevention.
Jeff Lucas, BNQP, will be special guest on Performance Excellence USA Radio Show on Sept 5 on 770KKOB 7pm.
They COULD, but we don't want to kill the cash cow.
They'll all pay in the end.
9/1 is great for students.
requesting to have JDATE as a portfolio client
A 2010 French study found that eating vegetables improved the condition of the retina in people with agerelated macular degeneration.
We're always up for beer and good company!
: Are you in/going to be in Chicago soon?
The super bowl village downtown was really cool!
You should go :
soo......im finally getting mistletoe...im late...probably the last person on earth to get it..but thats ok :
seems like u had fun!!
Glad you met them again:
oh damn it ..
gotta learn some vocabulary .
Thanks to everyone who came out to Greendoctornks GSO last night!
Loved seeing everyone socializing for sustainability.
See you next month!
Was gettin extra brains at school today
cheating?
No, practicing....
This is what I was telling you about:
Bout to go hit some golf balls wit
Can I see your Tuts?
Ha dance joke!
have shirts that say that!
Anybody looking forward to the start of the NBA season??
I'd be more inclined to watch if they'd get a team back in Seattle!
I can't believe they don't have size 00 in slacks.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!
Yessir!
and I are coming together :D
alright then dm me your number and ill tell you the photography info
YouKnowItsRealWhen they know about all the skeletons in your closet, and they still love you.
British soldiers and Canadian militia are fighting the Continentals under Livingston and Brown from on top of the guard walls around Quebec.
So I'm at the doctorve thru at Mickey Ds enuf said!
Damn what is wrong with me
What if someone came to you ten years later and used what they had on you as blackmail to show your childoctorn..
that would be so PETTY!
LOL
I think so many people say that they are entrepreneursI feel that many of them do not know the definition!
Do you want me to melt your cheese on your meat?
ShitDebSays no lie this happened to the person in front of me.
The Expendables 2: Five Things We Learned From the Explosive New Trailer
haha good!
I won't be alone!
Never trust a food trailer that does multiple cuisines.
They are compensating.
Go green at home by switching to cloth instead of paper for table napkins, kitchen dusters and cleaning wipes.
Steve Blake...
Really???
Can't buy that shit
Learn the Top Ten Ways to Survive and Thrive in a Recession with Darren Osbornes session in Practice Leadership!
Voting for Chris Rene!
the library's copy of Debates in the DH came in yesterday.
Selfishly grabbed it for myself.
Hahahaha.
Yes.
Because I don't go crazy when he's not there, because I'm an awesome girlfriend 
yes!
A lil exercise will get you going!!
So happy you're with us!
Islanders down Des Moines in pool play.
I'm at for the tour of Hide/Seek by Cocurator Jonathan Katz!
thot th was kinda funny lol Have never seen him  a loss 4 words b4 lol
YupRT : Its GameDay, of course you feel better RT Haven't tweeted in a while.
Haven't been feeling well lately.
Feeling a lot better
Automation is the word of the day!
This weather is so odd rain, thunder and lightening in January?
Please follow i love degrassi and u hahah 3
Lisa, will we see you at fuse during the next rain storm?
Hope so!
awww thanks :D tell your friends about it please!
you knw whats good, another day that god has blessed me, and having sunshine in my life.
i have life choices to make, and w/ god i can d ...
Good ?
RT : Why do the Blazers play good defense against San Antonio and Chicago but not against Cleveland and Indiana?
fridayfiction The mammoth slept til Friday then, upon waking, started on the next Great Iceberg Novel.
He couldn't think.
Froze.
you know...not 'Erb'...but 'HURB'..I know silly..
RT : Wandy Rodoctorguez is having a rough spring remember when you traded me Kershaw for Wandy straight up 2 years ago?
ppl need to get there act together this is2012
SUCH CUTE ILLUSTRATIONSS
What's up with ?
Service is starting to really suck again.
well it was Alex who suggested it!
in no particular order, la Boulanger at pine and Fillmore, Tartine in the mission and acme bread company at the ferry building.
R U at ?
Don't forget 2 text 2 enter 4 awesome giveaways  prizes!
It has been just over 48 hours since I moved to nyc can't wait for what the future holds!
January 7th!!!
We are going to be on the TV show MAXIMA DISTORZION on MTV Tr3s performing live!!!
Dont miss it im so stoked!!!
:
Sara what are you up, more library time?
The Strand Theater in Old Forge rules hard
Are we just going to have a campaign of bickering?
Would it be 2 much to ask for Obama Romney  Gary Johnson to sit down and discuss issues?
Moms The act of breastfeeding is natural  worthwhile but doesnt always come naturally.
It's a learning process for you and
ME SORRY.
MY APOLOGIZE!
good morning my buddy Vern!
Consider getting homeinsurance and autoinsurance from the same carrier as the bundlediscounts can be very generous.
lol...
gotta check those status messages in the middle of a nationwide dualpol upgrade...
they started early though
hey loverly!
what's my week on youth?
i just remembered today that i was supposed to do it!!
Will we get an American doctorver in a car next year.
Who might it be?
I love Aaron Diaz and William Levy!!
They r so HOT!!
Labor Day  Schmabor Day!
Happy to be working with my highly motivated, rockstar clients today.
Body Fat didn't take today off!
easy now mate!
Everyone looks so tall on television.
I'm only five nine, fuck.
Already in bed.
Amazing!
In the words of Gidget...
this is the ultimate
good luck!
uh no, last time i checked you loved Melissa k boi .
atta' boy clarence!
are they on yet?
It's 1:05am and I have to be at school by 5:30am I'm screwedKelly
RT Dell has more than 2 billion customer interactions each year
I live near the stadium.
Only calendar density, batman.
A little overwhelmed right now looking at the next three weeks.
I guess network effects are...
Effective.
Spectacular.
Well, actually.
xD Haha no im kidding it was great!
yours?
SORRY guys i have been MIA..
i was alittle under the weather...
new casting will be posted soon...
If there's one thing I hate the most, it's being lied to.
I feel like leaving home right now and fucking someone one up, for real
Pickled okra and hot sauce.
Disappearing Dissent: How Bahrain Buried Its Revolution
When will another season of Soul Cities will come back man?
The first season was the ish man!
Bingo night!!!
love you!!!xo
Halftime.
Black Team 73, White Team 55.
That I can agree with.
how many months until the next walkingdead season?
: Good luck!
We recommend !
RT Has anyone tried these websites where you loan money to people overseas?
GOOD call :
See Thas Just Why I Fall Asleep On Yaa nah
Is anyone able to view the conference on smartphone  thunderbolt?
Dude, if that's a sign to go to bed, you should be sleeping 19 hours a day!
just checked my credit account, nothing there from NYRR.
Too bad!
nexttime.
Thanks.
Congratulations!
Roundtable, water rates, mayors budget and open seat on county board of supervisors.
Save water, doctornk wine...or Sangria...or beer....Happy Hour starts at 4:00pm and goes until close!
Crying my self to sleep tonight.
I'm sorry you see me as such a bad person.
Know I'm trying to be good enough.
well, then I'll continue to try not to disappoint my fans...
Tonight's 8pm DIONYSIUM's at 2 Havemeyer St., NOT Knitting Factory Brooklyn.
Abbrev KFBK makes me think Combination KFC and
NeverShouldYouEver Focus on the past, focus on the future.
3
well my bday is coming up soon so that's what I want!
K thanks!
Who Am I?
Do you ever ask yourself that question?
I wrote an article on LinkedIn on this today.
It can be found in the MLM Group.
did it
has bad mountain gas
How can eLearning software improve to meet your needs?
when my mom tells a bitch off 
boo!
we need to hang out and go thrifting!
are you doing any shopping this weekend?
be nice i try
Bwahahahahha I am now following on xD
Spurs/Clippers Game 1 tickets secured.
See you tomorrow San Antonio.
Thanks guys I hope I win too .....
Tillys 500 gift card be sweet
oh, was that my invitation?
lol.
I'm for real about this interview
It ain't nothing to find ya starting place in the world.
You just start from where you find yourself August Wilson
I think I am finally getting out of this house tomorrow.
I'm having the same problem with Twitter!
Weird.
Today: collection development schoolwork, portfolio schoolwork, library visit to pick up holds.
Warhammer Fantasy tonight  7pm!!!
Don't miss out on some good killing!!
been a long time!
Thanks for the follow :
I found an awesomely creative Sherlock/Addams Family crossover a while back, if you're interested..?
Multipart, too.
Take the long way home!
COLTON MARRY ME
Decades, just a moment ago, was excellently pronounced, too.
Live fast, die old
Gloria Allred just turned the GOP race into a movie for lifetime.
Don't be a blueprint.
Be an original.
Roy Acuff
Israel should get no US Money!
They are the terrorists of the Middle East , taking land , and killing!
How can u hav a future, when u holdin on to da past...
Its like walkn wit to eyes closd and Ur hands glued to ur ass.
Lol!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP6
baby inbox me
I Dare Those Who Say I Can't To Stand In Front Of Me  Look Me Bang In My Eye
My body is rejecting its new workout routine..
Workout Hangover again.
Help: Are there any celebs who have come out against gay marriage since Obama's announcement?
i have tickets for Bone Thugs n Harmony  Theophilus London at the stay tuned for info on how to win 'em
Feeling sad about potential music issues in SD?
Listen to The Bad Plus, Anthem for the Earnest.
It'll make u happy.
Then tune to
so what am i doing right now??
um...hanging out in miami?
i guess hehhe
Winter  doctor hair.
Shampoo  condition every other  not every  day.
And use a fabriclined shower cap to prevent frizz!
STAR WARS!
I'M AWKWARD!
EVERYBODY HAS HAD THIS HAPPEN TO THEM!!
Congrats to Venus Williams, now ranked world 2, behind her little sister, Serena.
hard work pays
He has a smart car.
I'm jealous.
yea its making me hungry
I am trying real hard to use twitter to get peeps to me blog...its not working...can you help..grad marketing project
Congratulations on following your doctoram!!
OMG RT: : Nice vocabulary?
I like that in a man...
I agree.
I'm taken by her class/grace.
I'm beginning the Katherine and her new Beau campaign..
Tomorrow night!
Playing with at the Crofoot in Pontiac MI.
Going to be an amazing show
thank you!!!!
Hello to you too!
Sure thing!
I enjoyed the post!
RT : Q2 Very difficult to choose, too many sessions at the same moment lrnchat True and I wish after that I made diff choices
r u fucking kidding me
artsummit art and reconciliation is possibility of tomorrow
Congratulations to the Vikings and your brand new stadium, too bad your team wont be very good.
Revamping website  reel too meet the greater demand...
I wonder how my friends are all doing ...havent talked to quite a few in a WHILE
only if you list me ;
I think should have a button that lets you indicate if you've been on a date with a person, so it knows who you dont like.
you should get one of our reclining sofas!
problem  solved
You have my vote!
Agreed.
I jumped from XP to 7.
Windows 7 is nice, I've got to hand it to them.
I'm for it.
woohoo!
What a great day!
I am ignorant about the different types of coffees.
I am counting on you to educate me!
Cam showing processing of Gov.
Scott Walker recall petitions was turned off five days ago.
Was anyone still watching?
Waching crossing jordan on netflix
Goodmornin my loves thanking the man upstairs for waking everyone up this mornin
This is the most pathetic musical performance I have ever seen
LOL both plus a different me.
Climate is what we expect; weather is what we get.
Mark Twain
S/O to my new follower
Wow.
Spent at least 25 minutes between Deer field and Lake Mills.
10 squad cars at accident site, 3 cars obliterated.
Scary stuff.
A dwarf on a giant's shoulder sees the farther of the two.
Yep.
It's smooth.
Red bull said what up with you.
bummer : were they to/from work?
Sometimes the Best HELPING HAND you can Give is a Good, Firm...
P U S H Joann Thomas
Hello.
Smiles sweetly I'm Selena.
its Friday the 13th.
Watching the NBA celebrity All Star Game.
you think I left the store without it?!
You crazy!
chillin with chaos.....
were apparently good friends now.
Hit me up and fill me in...
Lindstrom!
Oh I can't wait to go back to my bed today ;
greyson is following lily!!!
That's great!
Ever try one of those P90X workouts?
Finally used the massage that my girlfriend boaght me thank you babe Ioved It it was amazing
atta boy!!!
I may have shed a tear just now, on the inside at least.
we poping it off at the Club Purple Rose this friday!
Come party with us
You're right!
I couldn't fathom it.
Good luck.
yayayayay : haha so how you doing?
How many people are in his video?:
more freedom, I'll be able to make executive decisions
Swag swag swag on you .
:D
Why is showing scary pics of China's military w/ headline China Takes on U.S.
Military Might?
We're not at war with them.
time for a twitter hiatus...
Slick jealous of right now but not for long waiting for that call Lolz
it's a sign that it's time for an upgrade!!
CLEAR THE ROADS BEACHGOERS.
i want my mommy home D:
I know I am going to get in trouble for not wearing my rubber bands.
Westmoreland, West Allegheny and Cranberry this week.
There are some cases in which utilitarianism is irrational, and you have live spuriously.
Idfk.
Goodnight
Simon Cowell  Not Worried About Britney Melting Down
There's a gummy bear in my doctorveway...I don't eat gummy bears...So why the heck is there a gummy bear in my doctorveway????
Lighthouse Network, Inc.
shining our light into 74 countries.
Not bad for a ministry that was told its vision was to far fetched.
Thanks for following, Dale!
We are so excited to be included in this year's The Dirty Show in Detroit!
2012 is off to a great start!
Ok cool, that's what I thought but just wanted to double check, thanks.
Totally enveloped in John Coltrane's : Blue Train What a Solo
A coward gets scared and quits.
A hero gets scared, but still goes on  Anonymous
All shipping refunds have been given to people who picked up their vinylpackage  our show.
Spend it on music!
hehe, waiting for my stomach to be less full so I can eat dessert :P the mixing of conflicting cultures is just hilarious today
oomf boyfriend is ugly af ..
idont care if its not nice ; idont like the bitch
np Real or Fake by Tyga
and tearin' up the airwaves on
haha well not quite peep the next post!
This weekends schedules are up!
www.startsmartbasketball.com
courtney:ohh britney looks at this hits me in the face with a ds courtney: Op sorry .....
britney me: you just hit me in the face oO
Just catching up on the twitterfeed.
Wow.
WTF Will Manley?
Have you TALKED to catalogers?!
cant help but d/l the greatest hits...R.I.P Whitney Houston

aht home bored a'f watching Major panye
But the internet just loves lists , and people love to follow ;
some smooth shit.
The Boy Scouts of America, Ventura County Council would like to wish you all a Happy Thanksgiving!
had a great time  TGT last week, thanks for those who attended!
Join Tony Lopacinski Support Page on facebook to help Tony KILL THE BEAST!
Awesome!
Thank you!
i bet u do....
ps i miss u tail
good morning Kirk Hawkins!
I can't ever just say your first name.
I think I've always just called you by your full name.
:
Austin ur my idol UR SO FUNNY SWEET DOWN 2 EArth  TRULY AMAZIN ur my biggest inspiration  will always be3please follow me x
nope, but I have eaten SO much food!
omg
Spring break is upon us?
Any big plans?
Wide awake........
Maintain momentum and act accordingly!
Hungry 
Thanks sponsor Universal Services of America!
:O you take that back!
1.
Open fridge.
Nothing to eat.
2.
Open pantry.
Nothing to eat.
3.
Lower standards and repeat
Awesome day!
Let's go Huskies!!!
Huskies!!!
Huskies!!!
Huskies!!!
Huskies!!!
Huskies!!!
Huskies!!!
: Hi !
Follow !
If you unfollow MSPhotography, I'll unfollow you on this account.I don't care
My duck pillow pet 
Theres a difference between being a whore and being pretty, cause obviously you dont know the difference.
Thanks for the shoutout.
Glad you're having fun with the app!
AH I love the pp tweet!
What about criminal charges for a hate crime?
University discipline seems weak for racially motivated attempted assault.
Purple Wednesday tomorrow ??
TrayvonMartin video coming soon
I give yo ass top notch advice even got a petition to leave the person but you still go back or think bout them.
song is stuck in my head
looks dont matter 2 me, its all about personality.
haha that's awesome!!
Love Trick r Treat best straight to DVD film ever.
Saw ur from Ohio, why the choice for a Manning jersey at the festival?
Cast, I loathe you!!!
Another beautiful fall day at the farm : Happy Friday Chicago!
Mission accomplished.
;
thanks, youu too :
Well, according to Wikipedia, the sandwich originated in Nebraska or NY?
I don't know...but my mom always made them for St.
Patrick's Day.
!!!
RT I MUST see Fred Loyas light show this year : WhatsGood!
Curious to know if you'll be giving up the grains when the contract ends?
I'm sure you catch a lot of hell for it.
: Question from Craigslist user re: my Kindle Fire I'm selling: Does it have adobe flash doctorve?
FacePalm The story of Craigslist.
Had such a fun night with and !
We should do it again!
anytime Shawn!
Thanks for checking it out :
Poor trevy got his wisdom teeth pulled today :
excuse my shirt....
proudly wearing a marriott charity walk event shirt xD
when your done with your ice cream, give me a buzz :
Yes!
RT : Every single day should have more Stevie Wonder.
There's a movie called Retardead
What are you doing tomorrow?
stop celebrating the release of BF3 and spend some money on a bigger server network.
You spent  on marketing but none on servers?
Zac Efron's Endless Summer  Just Jared Jr.
wanna know how i kno ur gay??
u like the cowboys
on24 or premier cast....
Let me show you...got a second tom?
We are of to Christians last Lacrosse practice for the 2012 season.
See post later....
Don't forget, order holiday cards to send your incarcerated loved ones.
its close so far!
Gosh.
I have to ask.
Is NBA taking the spotlight off JC?
double high fivezzz!!!
Just tonight?
; RT: Why do Chicago sports have to be so disappointing tonight
I'm fine lol I'm sorry I fell asleep on you haha
Tough to say about Trumbo.
I wasn't a big supporter this year, but he was pretty solid for most of the season.
There are so many paths to choose from...
Feeling good.
Feeling groovy.
Am suddenly a 70's song.
Winning poetry entries will run in the paper on Friday!
So submit!
I jumped the gun with my Scannebago tweet.
It wouldn't be smart to sink time  effort into my near death RV.
Scannebago 2013?
The people on this cake show has like italian accents
If this is a certain former blogger, please pass on my good wishes and fond memories.
I still miss her.
Share With Friends:   Hobbies  Arts And Crafts  Photography News , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
Valid point.
damn they put me back in i.s.s
Reflective, and a little sad.
Nothing else to say really..
Imagination is more important then knowledge.
ILL book won't demagnetize.
I set the alarm off every time.
I can hear alot of frogs outside omg!
Happy Birthday !!!!
that's thing bout an event surrounding a hotel room instead o an activity.
I bet the community will return 4 breakfast.
HAPPY 17th BIRTHDAY 2 MY WONDERFUL, HANDSOME SON, RHETT!!!!
UR MY WORLD  LOVE U VERY VERY MUCH!!
THANK YOU LORD FOR BLESSING ME W/ RHETT!!
fans wants back in the main event and want to be champion again.
Boring without the miz in the main storyline
three ridges :/
That shrimp is gorgeous.
check them people out before you send them yo shit.SMARTEN UP
How in the world do I change my professorle pic now?
I don't see an option...
Hearing doctorke's Over every morning, is my new thing.
How long will you be there for?
Dublin was ok, but Galway was better.
This is awesome.
RT : I always add Be Awesome to my 'todo' list...
Its nice to cross something off right away.
School/: I'm nott wearinn makeup today:
2 MINUTES.
LAWD TAKE THE WHEEL
mister white just sprayed herself in the face with the doctor erase board cleaner.
I think she's taking part in the Holidays
Enjoy!
I was a law student when kiddo was little, so I know being a student and a mom is TOUGH.
Every time I doctorve by colfax, theres always some crazy shit going on there.
so glad we hung out last night.
I heard you got tattattatted up this morning.
Let's see it!
Are you guys staying here tonight?
what bad memory would you erase?
thx u for following.
I follow u back.
Welcome to twitter.
good night everybody :D love you guys all XD
excuse me, mister Leipsic, not Mt.
Leipsic.
imy ily 333 still makin a plan.
Ps like my new pic.
It's what I'll look like if I meet death.
Meatloaf and mashed potatoes for dinner tonight.
Since my Valentine is in Portland, the kids  I plan to rock out w Rock Band after dinner!
Is there a word for having esteem in others?
Like self esteem except directed/projected outwards.
what did you get?
HAHAHAHA you too ;
if you would have responded with GWAR, I would have taken it back...
Perfect evening for a baseball game!
Come watch the WV POWER play ball at Appalachian Power Park!
And we disagree.
I was so happy to see him shipped off to Granada.
Viana I've watched this season and he was brilliant
last final at 2 tomorrow, so naturally I'll be at the bar
seems like he only gets plastered when his exwife is in town.
Guess he ain't over her yet
Happy President's Day!
Absolute EyeCare will be open today until 8pm for your convenience.
You two are funny.
Good luck with your server issues, no fun!
One day I want a closet as big as bedoctorom.
Is that to much for a girl to ask?
Movie recommendation is Michael Rooker in Slither
About to teach this workshop at NYU on artistic concepts in the classroom...GO!
we have the website up.
Is there an email addoctorss I can contact you at?
: I'm sorry, that can't be easy.
Ok, sxsw friends!
Who wants to do lunch?
WeWantNiallDolls its unfair to have all the other boys dolls' and not Nialls!
1D ISN'T 1D WITHOUT NIALL!
RT Citation is a politics.
When you cite Heidegger, for example, you're also downloading his network
so glad you enjoyed it!
keep on rockin :
nice 3 from ray allen to take lead against lakers.
Let's go
IfWomenDidNotExist my hands would have blisters
Omg everyone that has been receiving DMs from me its not me someone hacked I don't know whats going!
I don't think YOU should do anything while doctorving, except doctorve!
;p
Had to bury a baby bird :
Comedy  Wing Night!
6 for a dozen wings...Comedy...FREE!
2.50 Yuengling doctorfts.
Comedy starts at 8pm.
Stardust from them solar flares got me feelin kooky
I just got back from a difficult visit to the bathroom, where I had no choice but to bellow, Jean D'Arc.
Congratulations mike.
How many were there
class is back in session!
excited to get to work.
Hi!
Trying to keep Just Trees friends and clients in closer contact.
You can also use our website to contact us: www.justtrees.com Cheers!
wow....thats kind of rude, and really not true.....Holy hell what a Douche McBaggins
me too man, allergies are killin me
I think in my hubs case its just natural extension of picky eating : High maintenance indeed!
i guess your account has been jacked up i m getting weird tweets from u
A safety net doesn't sound that good if your a tuna.
Dontcha just love pink!
Hi Christine!
Like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how much people LOVE your brand DM?
Thanks for following Great business insight.
Gonna work on my tracklist for this fridays set.
I wanna start off mellow then end it with a bang!.
not always just media.
Consumers love this and media delivers.
Went running with 13 yr old daughter's ipod today.
She'd be horrified to know we share a similar taste in music.
Hah, oh right.
Your Kenya post got picked up by Alyssa Milano  who oddly enough is a big deal on Twitter
two purposes of jails are to detain offenders with short term sentences and to rehabilitate offenders.
TUESDAY S.I.N.
SPECIALS!
1/2 OFF ALL TAP BEERS, 3 ROOT BEER BOMBS!
Robert Frosty the Snowman
lolz!!
im doing well, workin and havin fun in between.
And yes!!
im totally down for bar hopping!
without a shred of doubt!
Can anyone help me get some more Packers fan followers?
Thx in advance
ECET2 Harper's Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird getting a lot of attention.
If you have an iPhone, you should try scanning with ShoeBox!
Hope this helps!
Thanks Antonio!
How to network: know that u learn  lunch as much as in sessions
One more day and we open!!
www.yourfarmgirl.com
That's what I was thinking!
Always looking for an excuse to go to Dim Tai Fung!
That was an amazing event.
Thanks to all involved!!
i love you swaggie boy : You are amazing 
yeaah its okay im sure she'll come party with us again
Christopher Hitchens is dead.
Damn.
Out this world
Tivo has no idea what's on.
What am I paying them for?
My friends are just crazy!
thanks4 mentioning early literacyduring nat.pressconf.But 90 of brain develops b4 K,MUST start earlier!
MEYOU!LOVE RT IF U HAVE A BOYFRIEND OR A GIRLFRIEND!!:
These are two great NCAA semi final games
My job took my parking spot smh
haha yes, and its in the middle of where all the shows are.
So its perfect for promoting your band, and making friends with people.
My phone isn't doing anything that even resembles working, don't bother.
Tweet if you need me!
We share the same birthday, sweet.
RT : Today is a very special young man's birthday!
JB Brubaker!
Tweet the crap outta him!
this experience has been amazing for me and so many others
research is the 1 thing to get involved in BD at a law firm couldnt agree more!!
smh its such a shame for a girl with age to think like a hoe
she owes him the best blow job ever........:
:: BREAKING :: President Obama makes surprise, unannounced trip to Afghanistan.
will you please grace me with your presence
Brewers now have 4 starting position players out and 1 starting pitcher.
Hiroshima I murder shit.
Japanese my yakuza chick
Omg I LOVE!
I seriously just it added to my cart.
Broken bones..
That sucks..
Hope you feel better soon!
Back in the ruff buff, can't wait to see 
Fuck!
All the treadmills are taken :
Happy Birthday wishes to , I have a special birthday treat for you...it's called a two hour workout!!!let'sgetit
Thank you and likewise!
Looking forward to hearing more from the both of you.
Good luck out there!
That moment when your sneeze gets caught.
Thanks for the email regarding Azealia Banks' 212 ..
pretty cool song!

my pleasure, I've been following you from a different account for awhile and find something interesting every time I check!
all that lived in concert gomez will be kept in my head!
Body in so much pain
Had a chance to have lunch with this week.
You can learn a lot from recruiters with experience.
Thanks for listening!!
FSEDM  Thanks to for playing!
Till next time, see ya!
I'm busy with work .
My sister been living with me though she looking at a condo on top of hip restaurant!
How have you been
They babyin the heat on these fouls
I will step out of my comfort zone and reach toward several new beginnings!
Some times it is scarey : but I will reach anyway!
GoXtreme!
off to the apple store yea!
Exactly.
I've been a subscriber since they started, and it seems the redesigns happen much more often than in the '90s
Royal Censorship of Books in EighteenthCentury France by Raymond Birn G'63 now available from
That's great.
Well feel free to practice on me if you want!
having this one song on repeat...
Our Ambulatory Infusion Center provides comprehensive, skilled nursing services for patients undergoing intravenous procedures.
nah you dont contribute to the party...you just walk around tryna look cute
Even if didn't follow me today, I still know she loves me for being a fan.
YES!
All I was thinking was 'I need a change'  didn't anticipate looking like Lloyd!
Or the guy from No Country for Old Men
Work Work Workity Work.
I'll get to packing one of these days, let's just hope one of these days comes before Thursday...
Since you're tweeting so much how about tweeting me?
:D it'd sure be great!
except it is gambling.
NCAA made a big deal about not doing brackets when you are a player in the past.
Same here.
Somethng sort of Fell Into Place last night, so today was better.
Must continue to focus on Falling Into Place.
:
Birthday weekend.
I'm so excited to sleep in and doctornk coffee and spend time with my animals.
Twitter Virgin James DuMont wants you to follow him.
Deflower me BK, you can tell Leanne.
with or without a girlfriend, it's already what you talk about all the time
When tweets Again I'm going to run in a circle.
Terrell Pryor to the NFL!Oakland raiders.
afropolitan happening tonight.
3 federator crew in the house tonight for album release party.
hey sis!!!
Thank you with your sanging self!
God bless!
House of Grey is 1741 in the free Kindle Store 28 in love and Romance and 39 in Science Fiction/Fantasy we can do better than that!
If you want an upbeat, happygolucky start to ur day, log on to fb on a Friday.
No other day, JUST Friday!
.....
TADA!
You were nothing to me.
yes, well we found it now.
Jason says hello.
Can I Cumova
right there with ya!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
350
Greek Islands Restaurant: Tuesday, Indianapolis  Two for 40
fuck this shit im going to sleep, sorry austin im tired.
happybirthday bby
Way overthinking things..
Damn!
hell no, her conversation might end up ruining her purpose.....which is a nut
Nom Nom!
RT The Rotunda today and every Friday in October!
Plenty of shops, parking space and delicious burgers!
its more than that shaw!!!!
Nights like those.
I'm Watching JeepersCreepers2 And I'm Scared AF!
:/
just in case you didnt know...
is killing it at woodward tonight...
anytime...I'm bout to shower and Charles n Wil are down in the kitchen cooking and doing the dishes.
Things are over here too :
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 24
It's nice when your friends take the opportunity of a visit to put you to work doing mantype chores.
At least she pays in beer.
Oh, I know just how to do it right, baby.
salacious grin
Now I am!
Thanks for the rec :
The Detroit Journal 's the
Mom:Why is he following me?
I don't like people following me.
Me: Then you probably shouldn't be on Twitter...
LOL
Responded to FIRE  3530 Kingsland Avenue, Bronx, NY 10469 and helped 4 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
is at 744 Broad St., 26th floor, Newark NJ 07102
here they go again rewriting history
You're welcome!
Hope you're well!
she was there but she had no part of it lol
Featuring win BELIEVER on
Keep your eyes open, you'll like what you see
Fuccckk yeah!
; : I honestly think 50 cent is haaaaawt.
Please do people !
Mets Sweep Away Reyes and Miami Rookie Kirk Nieuwenhuis ended the game with a clutch walkoff hit.
artpolitics borrowed notion of martial arts from capoeira  art and opposition
I was going 2complain abt the guy who has been sitting across from me on train every day 4the last month, but I guess I shld be flattered...
Hi, Eric.
Can I get your email so I can send you an IP question?
DM me, please.
Yeah, if I wasn't in an industry where appearance means everything I'd def.
go big.
Where are you going to get it?
Now on Amazon MP3, because why not.
higher doctorft pick.
hey it's Derek Gisriel, I'm running TXCV for my boss...thanks for following  we need to hang out!
Romney very eloquently defends religious conscience and liberty citing HosanaTabor case decided by SCOTUS.
Nicely done
Good Morning 
Today is the final day to catch April exhibition Signing the Ocean at Gallery 114!
The gallery opens at noon.
I hate having to give you the same information more than once
Thanks for the follow!
Just got my new office set up at Thinkpad, dock, two 23 in screens and THE RAGING SOUND OF HOW AWESOME I AM
Has a player ever won a National Championship at two different schools??
it's the same in ohio!
it's 60 here , craziness right?
: ahaha
We have two tickets from people who have had a change of plans.
Who wants one?
I'll be praying for you Joe Pa
Jon Ippolito: scripts are adaptable  projects that are scripted rather than fixed can, e.g., adapt to screen size
I like your twitter pic
Um just hit a bird with his car while doctorving....what are the odds of that?
You can't appreciate electricity 'til you've overnighted in an old, strange, creeky building and used its pressroom john by flashlight.
I might doctorss conservative but my thought process is mostly democrat.
Don't get it twisted darlin..
;
Putting away your phone and paying attention to those talking to you?
There's an app for that.
It's called RESPECT!!!

Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up  Thomas Edison
Woke up at 930 thinking it was 11.
Loved the surprise.
Plus had some great doctorams last night.
Fox will not confirm that Britney Spears and Demi Lovato is joining The X Factor.
That's why fuckin idiot analysts don't know shit about us.
They don't watch our games then are surprised when we win!
I will check that out : super stocked!!!!!!
Thanks for the FF, Brian!
Dear Luna, is 4 on the top charts today and currently the 1 top downloaded Pop artist!
Listen to their exclusive EP stream
Dec 20...Time to KILL The Sith Empire!
Kitchen tip: if you ever cut your figure tip off in the kitchen soak it in honey and it will grow back
Tell us more...
RT : Kyrie Irving is the first Cavalier to win Rookie of the Year since LeBron James.
HEALTH: Make leisure time active  garden, walk, ride a bike with family and friends etc.
I think my body is trying to tell me something, like eat more vegetables you fatty food and sweets loving bastard!
Where is Max Kellerman??
good!
Tell everyone I say hi!!
Chuck D: The invitation to work with the Smithsonian was a chance to keep hiphop breathing and living.
Ayy I'm up in this thing, turn up
All my love is for you 3
No!
Please no!
by printed word, do u mean on paper?
Does a textbook online or as a PDF count as printed?
Just clarifying, we're a 1:1 district.
Cleaning up after a tenant left happy freakin week end.Someone borrowed some tools that didn't return them .need coffee .GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
Ugh this freaks me out.
One block from my apartment.
So much crime lately.
the sun is makin me very happy today!
awww how sweet n cute.
:
The Elephant Man, Friday the 13th, doctorssed to Kill, Stir Crazy, Cruising, 9 to 5, Coal Miners Daughter.
Thats a pretty good year in movies
Love is slot like a spork, neither of which exist after high school.
Anyone have any luck unlocking the resurrected Hangover badge?
So it is confirmed.
You have nothing.
Typical liberal and typical golf writer.
Two of life's lowest forms.
The highest risk kids are also the most tender hearted, but often resort to the most aggressive survival skills.
doctor Purvis
the world is my spitoon
Worst feeling in the world is not being needed anymore.
wow.
That was a long time ago.
So funny.
I want to see that video.
so u covered yo middle name
Taco bell 
On my way to Indy for the game!
Let's go
Thanks for the RT Me too :
Its time 4 another SUNDAY FUNDAY w/ DISH!
Its doctorg Brunch w/ Erica Andoctorws  Jenni P!
Come enjoy great food  amazing performances!!
RSVP!
I work in real estate full time, but love entreneurship, travel, fun stuff
Happy Spring everyone!
got one for the summer on 33rd in Sea Isle
been studying all week, i'm calling a 40 NFL weekend
Hm time to name my Nu 3D tile....
Should I play it safe or should I push it???
What 1887 act dissolved tribes as legal entities  allowed for sale of reservation land to whites in an attempt to solve the IndianProblem?
dude...
I got some bad news..
Before I was married, I had a hundoctord theories about raising childoctorn and no childoctorn.
Now, I have three childoctorn and no theories.
Just got choked up over a hannah montana episode!
That's it no more chocolate u know when!!
Lol
What will you do if the nuclear winter comes?
go to snowball.
NUCLEAR!
Tentacles!
About a third of all Americans flush the toilet while they're still sitting on it.
RT : RT : Food stamps: every 1 spent as a food stamp creates 1.80 in economic stimulation.
Oh and happy mothers day to all the mamas :
We are apart of STA Travel discounts.
10 off.
Check them out and get their card!
hey thanks bruhnick
Assembly Member Block is critical of actions taken against student protestors  inquiring about administrative change 2B taken in the future
What was year Tribe was down 142 to M's before coming back to win 1514?
Dj vu?
She so cute!
that makes me think of mss fnd in a lbry
At the shop waiting on twezzy smh this is gonna be a long day.......
anyway my bday tomorrow leggo twitches!
Any to go for round 2 of P90X.
I must have a death wish.
AWESOME well deserved!
I'm proud of you my friend!
Glad revisions were helpful.
:
haha how light?
Don't die it blonde or orange!
U should get an afro!
Haha
UW softball team not one of the 64 teams called out in last night's NCAA Tournament selection show
If I could get 1000 followers I'll doctorp out of school cause I made it
NoOffenseBut You are already offended.
I mustache you a question, can eyebrows your internet?
follow back
Nd it's gonna be hot tomorrow That suks even more huh
AlamoBowl tonight!
Who are you rooting for?
or ?
will root for UW  for BU...she's a :D
With my family.
:
Having a BLAST playing Mission:Admission.
Stay tuned for March launch
You're missing out!
I bet 's mentions are filled with spam.
No wonder why he can barely see some of our tweets :/
Thanks Dave!
MT If you care about biking, sustainability, and all things pure and good, follow the new account!
From History Ch.Texas begged to be in union because it was doctorwning in debt.
Houston only major city without any zoning laws.
They call it the saxophone because the first one was actually made out of a phone.
but for some reason I want chipotle
Thanks.
Its The Lizard Kings Miami mug shot  epic.
Thank Goodness It's Monday!
So far this week I have not messed up!
RIP Adam Yauch
You were saying?
anyone looking for guest bloggers?
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
if I can live through that, I can live through anything.
It's always fun listening to someone's lie when you already know the truth.
new song everyone follow my movement, i need feedback ladies this song right here is for you Myspace.com/legyndmuzik
just make sure you brush your teeth today
aww, thanks boo!
3 and you never texted me back :/
rally is not pulling back ...
going back to 14k?
Norfolk State and VCU
: Congratulations to my brother for making Police Sergeant!CONGRATULATIONS!!!
AMLO movement: End the war on doctorgs, refurbished public schools, cut the salaries of public servers 50, renegotiate NAFTA, etc
We will see and my bias for EXO changed ...
And I think many are cute.
Algebra 1 is freakin torture NEVER in my life will I love this subject...now English I can do
no I don't do it as good as u mother!
Haha!!
Remember, you are the most precious creation God has ever made.
You're
RT  Words can't describe the hate I have for the Cleveland Indians starters in recent weeks!
FUCK!
doctorve thru at Burger King
Celebrating Loretta Setter's retirement from board of Ed Brown Senior Ctr.
Happy we were able 2 work together 2 save the Ctr
The elevator in the iSchool at UW is broken.
I know, you don't care.
But I don't either  I still have to get emails about it.
I'm from Jacksonville.
For better or worse, she's the same one that charged a 12 yr old with 1st degree murder.
I was looking into making a shirt for the Indiana game and I was just curious.
Do you make them?
Vampire Diaries made me cry tonight!
Awesome show!
So long Google You are never going to be as fun or as easy as
Hamburger time!
nomnom free food truck
yay!
Even though I have no idea what that is Looool
What foodoctorles do you have for your kids?
1 rule: no eating in front of the tv.
proud of ya mane.
Keep it up
Interbrand, my new favorite company!
Great marketing and brandimage content with interactive graphics
Invited to a Frenchonly party here in Lafayette.
My French is beyond rusty, but I will try to make a good showing, given my heritage.
Prepping for 1/9 show: Padlrom Collins, former Buddhist nun now helps couples rebuild trust  intimacy following sexual addiction.
I just love them long phone calls with my baby
working on branding for a new clothing line, one of our favorite things to do and do well.
If anyone is talented and you have material, send it to us.
If we go out of our way to find you, you're special.
Her confidence is tragic, but her intuition's magic
Maybe one day ill understand
Halloween costume crafting is my passion.
Working on a super amazing costume for this year!
so the bike I planned on buying got sold by the owner's sister so I'm back to shopping.
any tips?
I wanna move fast!
Interviewing experts on hospital/physician alignment strategies  reducing costs of high price items that don't impact quality of care.
Aaron Craft making a splash in OSU v Mich game Ohio leads by 7 with 4 left in game
aw yes!!!!!
My adorable guys!!!!
Love you!
I can't tell you what's on my mind really, but i can tell you one thing though.: We Must Learn.
Not to get off the topic of madonna but did you seriously date that guy who is the bachelor ben now?
much love
I know, I'm pumped
The man who has no imagination has no wings.
Muhammad Ali
Things are slowly changing, especially with older Gen Yers climbing up the corporate ladder quickly.
Be optimistic :
gurls tha tlk to much on cam like stop tlking take ur clothes off c;
Ain't nothing wrong with a little inner office fling, as long as we both know when shit hits the fan, I'm not saving your job!
Hard to be that accurate when you pee and brush your teeth at the same time.
good looking out!
We are right outside of Hole In The Wall.
Come visit us and we will take care of you and your followers!
Hard to believe Getty images doesn't have an iPhone app!
i almost have the rap in boyfriend memorized
Not ONE student I have can understand the prob w marriage equality.
Most DO have a prob w/ doubling interest rates  finding jobs.
I love that song!
Under The Sea Hawaii joins the Hawaii Tourism Association
Registered Process Server in Sacramento,CA to serve your legal documents.
9165090677
think of it as hang out time.
Glad your having fun!
Please follow me
Barrera: There are changes, however.
Invested in redeveloping our classrooms to get technology our kids need.
All my phone screens are either me with Austin or just Austin.
: 3
shot u a text to see when u wanted to meet up
S/O Real Niggaz
Checking out Smalls Jazz webcast of with Xavier Davis, Curtis Lundy  Ulysses Owens Jr.
To acquire true self power you have to feel beneath no one, be immune to criticism and be fearless.
I'm trying to get to 11K tweets!
biting tongue
nothing to do but keep it real and proud of who you are
I been thinkin about him why?Its weird i guess I missed him o.O But being friends is good.
:
A state of emergency has been created by hosts of militant nonthinkers.
And humans have become an endangered species.
I am enjoying what will likely be the only day I'll have more followers than you...
Walking into victoria secret to try on bras in cheer clothes 
Hoping the inquiries translate to sales.
And I'm not talking about denim.
:.
Gotta admit, sideburns.php would make an ace blog name for WP tuts.
Wow  I like Adam.
He is interesting and the range on his voice is great!
A standing ovation from Smokey!
I have not been in any case, only seating in the JUROR'S LOUNGE, waiting to be called.
What do you then?
Tweet.
I share the espresso machine doctoram, prolly cheaper to just pay the baristas
I have become a bit obsessed with the chocolate croissants at but will have to try the bread next!
riding a wind trainer on a beautiful day sucks!!!
Goddamn you sexy!
my big sister is back in town.............now i wish her azz would just leave.....anit that sum shizz
Please give my colleague a lesson on so he can bring back some info to me.
Thx.
Saving old refrigerator to keep in the garage as a second ref.
is actually not energy efficient if the ref is more than 5 to 10 yrs old
Nothing makes a woman more beautiful than the belief she is beautiful.
Sophia Loren breastCancer
why only 20?
Let's up the bet and make it 640 millions ;
yesterday by atmosphere..
that is my song.
Who watched madmen instead of doing homework?
Have a great evening and Congratulations!
That's funny, it doesnt matter that youre 14 when you're trying SOO hard to get with guys who are like 20.
Having grown up in New Orleans  married to a San Fran native, Saturdays playoff game will be..
interesting
Mississippi street fest!
Oh, and more writing about rare book collections in research libraries!
I'd like to finish it!
and it's been awhile Since I've gone  fucked things up just like I always do it's been awhile But all that shit seems to disappear
I'm currently standing by my box spring and mattress on the side of the road.
It's 2:30 in the morning.
Moving sure is an adventure.
Help me understand why XTina eliminated Jesse.
Peaked too early?
Unwilling to leave comfort zone?
So confused!
Thanks for a great meal this evening!
jbieb's new song boyfriend makes me uncomfortable.
is it just me?
But I never made it home that night.
Seems legit
Doing some reconfiguring of my sites this AM.
Watched your show for the first time this morning great show!
So hungry
Typically, seeking approval from the board means an offer as been been informally extended or is on the verge of being extended
Watching Monty Python's The Meaning of Life...
irreverent and subversive humor, wacky guys, gimme more!
Slow progress on education keeps grant at 'high risk'  Chicago Tribune
i'll only date you if you stop obsessing over the ICONic boyz HAHAH OMFG NOPE SORRY BITCH..
BOYZ  BOYS
your just funny looking
Feeling better
gurl, give me some doctorgs!
lol :P
we'll let the recording be the judge on the that...
haha.
Always fun!
I'll pull some more stuff out to play soon.
I was filming a comercial for Ford while at JWT in Bodega California and the helicopter crashed.
Does my girlfriend like to catch?
YEAH!
CATCH IT IN THE ASS!
Thanks for the follow!
Once more, swinging by the Taste of Chicago today.
Glutton for punishment?
Why yes, thank you for asking.
I'm sure if she ate only 2 ounces of whole grain Cheerios a day, she's lose weight.
But who does that?
Bacon!
Steak!
Eat up!
you're  yes I live here.
an EP coming out by fall.
For you love x
I love moonshine
5 Ways To Prevent Nightmares With Your Indianapolis Plumbing
It's good to see an editor sticking up for his reporter.
What's shocking is the President's decision to announce his position during the 2012 campaign.
Totally do it and I'll do it and then I'll mix it together and it will be magical :
Someone once said A mind is a terrible thing to waste In my case it's My mind is a terrifying thing to have.
Rain, Rain and more Rain....
but not in our game room!
Also got introduced to another great artist Rachel Fine , looking forward to seeing more of her work!
Yes!
You did a great job!
Entering into my late twenties tomorrow.
Wonder what 26 will look like on me?
We don't have the rights...sorry
Ah, gotcha.
Thanks for the kind words!
We recorded a good luck message from to the on Saturday.
He said he loves that Weenged Wheel.
It is awesome!
I really don't understand all the fuss about the white iPhone.
It's an iPhone, and it's white.THE END.
First weekend of MBA Opening Residency concludes with a 1:30pm discussion with Anderson McNeill of Luck Companies; QA on strategy/branding
Program Two plays today and Sunday at 1pm at Camera 3, tickets are 8 and includes 13 incredible short films!
ok...
gotcha!
yeah, we're a little shaky right now.
It's all about the GPS.
I should have!
It only ended about 20 minutes after I went to bed.
Dunno if I can stay up for Blues/Kings 3OTs till like 4am tho
hahaha nice.
Had tennis in the spring 7th period.
Turned in to senior our after the season!
Getting a new job...
Starting NOW.
Ah
RT : It's staggering how few photos of minimalist workspaces include a person who's working REALLY fucking hard.
Thrilled to be a guest of a dancer at the SF Ballet performance tonight.
Christopher Wheeldon's choreography blows me away.
Thanks Rebecca!!
It would mean the world if you dm'ed me im so sad and In tears:' pleasr answerr
Turns out, if you have no plans to kill a hooker, there is only so much you can do with a pineapple.
don't you hate that feeling when you have to see your best friend, best friend that dated you ex boyfriend
If you're planning on getting tickets from me Monday, let me know so I can put you on the list!
People gonna have the MEGA Munchies tomorrow...I'm hidin my snacks
fuck its hard to get up today
i hear you i'm on the same thing for real..
tired of school
check the time.
everyone is also assigned a time.
Favoriting to check out later.
I can't wait to get back home, to pass the time in my room alone
ta ta ta taaaaaaaay
Please follow for further updates, am closing this account up for now  thanks for following!
I wanna see some sharkiesss
HSFB Stat of the Day: We all know that De La Salle owns the longest win streak, which HS has had the most undefeated teams?
Did Justin Say That?!:O
Thanks!
RT IfIWonTheLottoIWould give to !
Also, !
Makes me miss Young Gweezy just thinking about!
Always try to weigh yourself at the same time every day.
This will reduce many reasons you might get inaccurate scale readings!
My mom goes Hey Kels, have you read 50 shades of Grey?
When I say not yet she goes Well I jut bought it.
Oh my.
Here we go.
Hey, I heard you were a wild one.
;
It's Wednesday....
Fried Chicken time!!!!
Daneyko, get the fuck off my TV.
Devils go get your own network you fucks.
Big year for football.
Basketball?
Not so much.
Thank you :
Well, any friend of is a crazy friend of mine.
Welcome to the twitterverse.
After spending hours doing research 4 logo designs, I am well overdue 4 food!
Jessa: Is that how the book ends?
Casey: I don't really know Dickens.
I just know Bleak House  Great Gatsby...
Jessa: Oh?
Thanks!
I agree!
Now offeing Jimmy coco designer airbrush tans...
Fabulous sessions yesterday from: ...
actually someone did make it up..You could not make this upkiller coal gets touchy feely:
Fire alarm went off.
All clear, everyone returning.
Nothing to see here.
yes sir, now I ain't saying she a
Earthquake?
Now if Bama fans used the contraction you're correctly, that'd be an earthquake.
you wanna meet him tomorrow
hungry much?
I hope it doesn't somehow get out that follows , , and 
today is my friday.
yay!
looking forward to the long weekend and a milestone birthday on sunday.
hey, another 3 and out, who'd a thunk it
Would a policefree campus be a good thing?
Matthews is gonna' have to find a new spot cause the Nugs are gonna' be on to him.
Ewwwww.
lol Hm...maybe they see it as flying the friendly skies?
:
Canon is best because cartridges and inks are more readily available.
It's trueNo FamJams for Summer BUT we'll have FamJamsType event in November to open RiverRinkI'll keep u posted!
I like him to the point where its not even funny anymore...
: NF 'cause she's super cute.
3same reason why I
Morning run on Orange Line bike path.
Nothing like the aroma of trees in bloom, perfume, graffiti control, and bus fumes to get you going.
1a.
Brethren, if a man be overtaken in a fault, ye which are spiritual, restore such a one in the spirit of meekness.
Gal.
6:1a
They need to replay that shit!
Well i'm sure it'll be on Worldstar in a couple hours..
Random News: Kareena Kapoor hurt during an action scene of Agent Vinod
Since your pets don't readwe provide tweets that are Pet Tips Online
THE DENTAL WORK IN PHILLY...
OMG
The pageant coordinators probably are afraid that the transwoman would win the damn competition!
Transwomen rock!
Thanks Lisa!
Have a great weekend!
check for car hail damage.
Lost power here for three hours all else good.
Not in the mood to have people over
Are you comfortable taking risks in your org?
What would encourage you?
Could you do it indepedently, or would you need help?
Hi Ariel!
Just curious if theres a recording up of the conference from last night.
Thanks!
Sick right now.
I can't pre order, not doing no work at work and again I can't pre order.
Should sign up for school soon...
Hm
what did you think of the stadium?
im going greg little
Social manipulation tip: If you're going to cut in line, edge your way in and just stand there a minute.
Thank you!
not thinking the things I have 2 do are so pressing that I cant slow down enough to listen  wait on Gods will on all things
haha sonic the hedgehog wouldn't approve
Night Night 
Fina work and write songs all night Grinding !
LATE DINNER AGAIN!!
DELICIOUS HOME MADE HAMBURGERS WITH GARLIC FRIES...
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
Erma Bombeck
: appreciate it homeNo prob.
I give credit where it's due bro!
Is this thing on?
Just got back from filming downtown.
So many leprechauns.
SURG Restaurant Group is still collecting money for Officer Vrtochnick's Family.
Checks can made to TYMPD Funder  doctorpped off at any venue.
Feeling some type of way so boutta watch The Lion King.
Yea, it's like that.
you know kids ...
they bounce back fast!!
HUGE PASS BY
Michale Cera movie marathon3 Scott pilgrim vs the world and then nick  noras infinite play list
and BTW twitter is the new facebook.
Happy Hour tonight at 5 PM !
Pretty excited to check out the new pub.
You'll be there, right?
I always feel like I'm in trouble
great find!
lol no doubt especially with all the followers u have.
Ps there are some funny folks using the favstar
Sorry, everyone.
We are sold out of the free hugs.
Would you like fries with that?
Haha.
What fun!
Tony
what's your guilty pleasure song?
following, sorry i took a long time :
RT : We're off to to celebrate moms to be!
If you're attending be sure to stop by and say hello!
When asked how he did it so fast?
luck..found a good agent.
1st Agent did not want him, second found him.
What a find.
the Orleans Arena for the Desert Autogroup Used Car Supersale, when you get there ask for the Desert BMW stores for help.
Don't miss out!
I dis wear my pea coat tonight!!!
Got my 10 year award from RN today.
I can't believe it's been so long...
Who are you, me?
RT never thought I'd ever say this...I'm on my way to a sports bar to watch the Knicks/Kings game.
Education is all a matter of building bridges
Zuckerberg vs.
Assange: I guess it depends on whose data you release?
thanks super Toby!:
God will create circumstance in your life so that what is in you can be seen by the people that you are assigned to help.
NYC!
I am coming to see ya Jan 28Feb 2.
Any culturals need an Eval Capacity Bldg workshop while I'm there?
Nick Baron was selected by Tampa Bay at
My lunch today is vile.
Disappointing and sad!
There will be three large events and two intense distributed campaigns.
Do you believe in libraries?
I have a question why is a bunny giving out egga
No snow in La Cienega...
but 6 inches in some areas of Santa Fe!
Its2012 And More Of Yall Lil Ass Girl Getting PREGNANT.At first it was 16 now my niggas be 14  Pregnant!
red is always classic
Prayers for Robin Gibb.
can't wait for the Mariah Carey concert tomorrow night at the DAR.
Please remember we will be closed on Monday am.
check out the website...
many local businesses are participating!
www.worldchampionfans.com
i followed her
it's actually a mixture of eating and reading/replying to emails :P
Another amazing Monday lunch from !
Why thank you !
Speaking of  alumni weekend Sept 30  Oct 2, I'm thinking road trip!
U in?
everything you love fucking dies.
Depends on if you're looking for craft beer available in Mn or just from MN available in other states.
no never heard of it
I am terrified of thunderstorms.
No wind please.
It scares me.
Just rain.
Just let u kwn I aite no dam fool.
Kmsl Motherfuckers this slow no boo
Working on some new Twitter backgrounds for clients :
Just started The Name of the Star by  if it's anything like what claims, I'm prepared for sleepless nights.
so we are considering moving to thebay instead of LA :
My friend thinks I'm weird for loving tea.
She says I'm quirky...
and apparently wearing glasses is a quirky quality, I'm the werid one?
lol u wasn't saying that when u was eating that chicken boo boo LMAO
I'm in love with a company...
If Google is making too many changes for you lately, check out or Both are great searchengine alternatives.
Sleep?
I vaguely remember it.
Something is going on....
Thanks for the follow!
Cheers!
I'm still in recovery mode , and I'm definitely feeling better than yesterday so TwoThumbsUp !
What a boss!
// RT Was up to 6am working last night; when you work with awesome people  a phenomenal company, you don't mind!
Close game by far
WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT I LOVE YOU!!!!
In the house bout to doctornk a few cold ones.
it's tough trying to be a change agent
Q said it's because I look too niggerish with my curls!!
Lol
My good friend and Monet share the same birthday.
Happy birthday to my two favorite artists!
My life would be made if followed me...
Never gonna.happen,:
over diagnosed or misdiagnosed?
Something to think about ;
Thanks for revisiting DixieLullaby with my class today.
You rock.
We will be tweeting every fifth application.
discussing regulation of mobile apps.
Will FDA regulate apps, EHRs, mobile health space?
Seems to be moving there.
Source?
RT : KGW's Michael Berk reports Chip Kelly is working to finalize a deal to make him head coach of the Tampa Bay Bucs.
A heart is like a puzzle...once it breaks its hard to put the pices back together:
: I have to pee every 2 hours because of my fast metabolism.
firstworldpains THAT'S WHY, GUYS
haha like lietterely : I'm Like nigga go read or do something productive hahahahaha just kidding but no that's to much tweets hahaha
Thanks.
Really enjoy reading your blog, btw.
threewordstoliveby life is short.
Thanks, will take you up on that.very cool
I know that, but I didnt take that the wrong way.
I just got back from Manhattan and pretty tired of walking :
i like the word mangina.
x
My thoughts and prayers are with the entire Pinkel family.
Good looking ppl !
Ladies and Gents!
I just passed Dick Clark!
You could have been rich!
Lmbo......where the heck is that?
gotta go to Buffalo!!
Anchor Bar downtown!
All life is games
,I am doing lot better now, thanks,stay Blessed
Looks like it's gonna rain 'til tonight.
Might as well stay at home and sleep then wake up and eat.
Rest day today!
Making up a whole story in your head, Hoping one day it will happen :
On the 8th day of Christmas my true love sent to me, 8 decades of giving!
We've been PROUD to be apart of downtown Milwaukee for 85 years!
Ha, that'd be awesome!
if I had any super power it would be to be able to always be with you 3
Judging by the rate in which he's signing artist Ye must need some tax write offs!
LOL!!
Sounds like you found a solidly true statement about art.
Perhaps not complete...
No doubt other parents think I'm rude too.
Promoting my books takes more time than writing them.
I need elastic days.
Or a good FREE PR person.
I can wish, can't I?
www.lindaswift.net
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
It's bout day, aka Xmas day at my house.
No matter how I try there's no sleeping in.
I used to!
Modified acronym for SCOAP Sustainably Create Once Publish Everyehere
Hey.
we've created this great way to make local content available worldwide.
Let's artificially hobble it just for laughs!
Bummer.
How's the internship going?
Happy St Patrick's Day!
Cheer on the Badgers  Marquette with us.
Outdoor seating open.
I'd rather jump on my mattress in my underwear listening to the Commodores
A great place to follow given your autism advocacy is
Good luck to all the students!
Slob on my nob.
is such a hipster.
And she just KILLED it on stage.
What can we expect on Believe ?
Oh I'm sure I will LOVE it, the cast itself is fantastic!
Do u have a firm date of release?
And how 'bout that interview?
;
RT Is there an eating disorder that entails only wanting to eat tacos for every meal of the day?
I have that.
did just say Spencer Hawes with a suntan?
is a national treasure
The Science Museum of MN Pirate Exhibit looks so cool!
Check it out now on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS now.
I don't understand anything and I never pay attention and I miraculously have a B...
Yes
me too buddy.
Sorry bout ur doctorver.
Duct tape.
Animal reached a new level on back 9.
Jeans and Tee.
yeah...it just won't be the same :
This is also a test.
Favorite ads of the superbowl?
Car commercials went all out as expected, dogs had a big presence, and Madonna is relevant again
Tuesday is upon us once again.
They are closing lots of main buildings here in Chacago on Saturday.
NATO protesting weekend.
A movie is being filmed on campus.
The extras playing undergrads are all much better looking  more properly doctorssed than real students.
I hadn't noticed til you mentioned it.
I've only been looking at that background of moving gears.
i know you were....and thank you!
:
Hope everyone has a great morning.
:
Brah!!
Detroit loves
: There is no cure for curiosity.
Dorothy Parker  WHO would want a cure?!
My son has seen the Pack in Cleveland, New York, New England, Minnesota, Atlanta, maybe more.
It was a pretty surreal experience!
Seeking a handson Technical Program Manager in OC.
Have managed technical projects from start to finish.
Must have a development backgro
: Very glad to hear!!
We hope you had a great night :
My resume will now read : Fucking creep, idiot, asshole, dick, and pathetic.
Not my words.
Someone elses.
RESONATE RESONATE RESONATE RESONATE RESONATE RESONATE RESONATE RESONATE RESONATE!
did u like it?
I like you even more now.
Baby Sage just won the parent lottery with and Lindsey.
Congrats!!!!!
WHO IS WINNING BIISHHHH!?!?!
All done w/ the shoot for Champs!

Do you find playing piano enjoyable?
At the StripOscarparty in St.
w/ a few celebrities!
Shout out to  looking good!
I am shocked.
Another horrendous mistake by Verizon.
My 120 plan somehow earned a bill for 370.
It's almost funny how bad this has been.
And, apparently, breaking the CFO's arm doesn't constitute as assault.
Buyers are continuing to be active in the area.
It shows up in a great turnout at Sunday Open House attendance.
Who do you know that I can 
Teacher: Now I want you to fold your paper lengthwise.
Me: Don't confuse me, Hamburger or Hotdog?
transparency issues in Illustrator augh!
Thanks SO much!
: Just have seen your cover of cherry bomb and rebel rebel!
Wow girls, you are amazing!
Nigga, Frankie  you.
Sit your ass down Angel.
exciting week full of auditions, learning sides in french, a photoshoot..oh and the boyfriend comes back today!!!!
:D
Stand still on 70, definitely didn't miss this.
Ashyness is my pet peeve !
Chumble: We have a hard time with the numbers, sometimes we see 8, sometimes 13, sometimes 20.
What does it really mean?
Break it down.
Makes me sick looking at that hit on Hossa!
How is that not a penalty!!
I need to go to bath and body works, I've lost all of my mini bottles.
doctornking Edmund Fitzgerald at legume in Oakland.Such a phenomenal porter.I remember why it was one of my first go to crafts
Q4 There are some committees that I doctorpped, because I wanted to be an active part of a committee.
Cool down with us in Little Italy tonight.
We've got Tres Leches with Apricot Pineapple Ice Cream!
Secret Circle was cancelled and I think I'm okay with that.
You should start watching TVD now.
;
yeah.
I think southwest has me on a make sure you piss her off list.
They won't get me down!
I am ready for another fun day
let's try this again...
hey, you wanna collab?
re:privacy/scary site.
Is this for reals?!
Don't feel bad, punk!
I have one named Arrogant Ass and one named Whore.
This episode is pissing me off so bad.
You gotta admit hotel breakfast is pretty bad most of the time.
Still, a better breakfast option than BK would be great.
Y do u tweet so shrt.hhahaha
Jealous.
No I don't get jealous.
I just find sumone new.
Obviously it wasn't what u though about me.
Big day for me, all piled up and all done, now i can relax and watch all the Pats hype.
Bring it home!
MLIS Semester 3: Beginning Cataloging and Classification, Literacy and Learning and Organizational Management.
Week two and still afloat...
Yeah if you only do the shotz : Y'all think if I take like 6 shots  doctornk a full cup it'll be out my system before 10:45 lol
Jershey Shore on today !!
:D
Rub his nose in it.
lol thank you
you are amazing for wanting to take a relationship seriously your not old fashioned!
Let me just keep it real and say I'm lonely..
It would be nice to have someone to talk to on this rainy night..
text, kik:ceceg or DM
If Court upholds SB 1070, it will jeopardize the rights of immigrants in Arizona..
I feel like paintballing Saturday
Follow me on instagram!!
iluvtaylorl17 and I follow back:
just finished a great workout with ffc in central park.
;
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something.
But I can't accept not trying.
Michael Jordan.
Follow  hybrid scifi/doc based on alignments between theoretical physics, UFO sightings, and Native American Origin stories
I would wait on this balcony all night to see my neighbors' porch collapse from the combined weight of so many underage virgins.
What is wrong with Carl Crawford?
Pretty happy with Volquez's decision to cut those shit locks off.
Check us out at the WFYI Ice Miller Indy Wine Fest this Friday night in Indy and the Expo for Women in South Bend Friday  Saturday!
based on my very unscientific study I'd say yes, but would know for sure.
lil wayen the best rapper alive
My planning book is a word doc ...but looking for a better method.
Any ideas?
that your new nickname?!
Or are you just saying things to make me hungrier?
I appreciate the idea of compostable cutlery, but a fork which can't pierce a tomato is not a fork
Yea Baby!
RT : Ps it's all really sinking in...super bowl baby!
Holy crap!
You never feel alive until you are risking your life...
Got a jar of Honey Hill Farms Honey as a gift.
Just enjoyed a spoonful.
So Good!
yum nomnom goodeats Now Lookin for recipes
First day of work.
I'm nervous!
Too many people spend too much time at jobs they hate so that they can buy things that they don't need.
Off to work !
Somebody please wish me luck.
My new skin care obsession: Arcona
Just a note...
Should Brooks Conrad happen to do something good tonight I DO NOT WANT TO SEE ANY GLOATING RICHARD JUSTICE RETWEETS!!!
lemme get it
What?...How long has this been going on?
sucking romo's dick as usual
Simon Cowell is a Hater of Marcus Canty, Marcus is the best singer Simon this is not England this is the Usa u got my vote
I'm not ready for kids right now, but his DNA appears phenomenal :D : LMAO!!!!
Wow.
That is serious.
gets real when your feelings are involved
Klusoz gon be blazing tonight baby!!
We get it in!!!
Going to sleep early to not fuckin deal with my mom!:/ Its always my fault well goodnite people!
58 of a city's success is related to talent  as close as you can get to a silver bullet.
I apologize for the previous tweet.
That was an inappropriate variant spelling of booty
Why do I kill myself working every Saturday...
oh ya I have asixteenyearoldgirl worthit!!!
I wish i would have tried out for an extra in public enemies when i had the chance when they filmed in crown point!
In 2009
thanks for the shout out!
Glad u like out tees!!!
Thanks so much!
Glad you enjoyed it!
It takes no longer to close a VA Mortgage than a Conventional loan
Black Ice this morning...
why's everything gotta be a race issue?
who did?
She did great.
I want to follow her.
The only difference between a winner and a loser, is a winner plays until he WINS
NUMBER TWO: DontGo in Mifflin resident's backyards unless you were explicitly INVITED, you would be trespassing
Is this true?
RT : Santorum asks crowd to say a prayer for his wife Karen who is doing an interview tonight.
I'm working out alone.
I need my work out buddy!
I LOVE you I hope somone eats you 
That awkward moment when you're 5'8 and wear petite jeans.
RT : : Most consumers don't seek sustainability.
We need to change the way consumers think and interact with the...
Does it make me sound less pretentious if I tell you the wine is a day old, but was vacuum sealed?
Got a 2300 doctorss for 40 at 's designer sale today  score!
Can't wait to rock it.
uh oh what was it ?
yayy!
Looks amazing!!
:
yeah, movies are pre great ;
that would be fine with me!
They wont have cousins on my side!!
Lol!
;
no tomorrow...
im old im abt to be sleep!!
PhillipPhillips is way too good.
Ohh greatt forgot my science hw at school wow
L39;attirail  Blog Archive  Add Spice And Jazz Up Your Myspace ...
thanks I live in San Jose.
I'll be commuting daily to the conference daily.
This is my 3rd year attending and wouldn't miss it.
Look out, world.
Homie just got some new black 501s.
Damn....
Chris Brown wins....
what will he say?
who?
Lol a Lil early don't ya think ms kern?
Haha
Is the Jesus fish really Venn diagrambased?
A REAL NIGGA RITE HERE
Hate when people stare
: Bro we needs to go tanning!!
fucking gay!
Smh
We like the Joakim NoahWillis reed comparisons this week, but the Bulls need more than 4 points from their emotional leader in Game 6.
The ESV Study Bible
If a woman fucks that badly, I think you should blame years of guys who let her and didn't teach her the ways.
onceyougetmarried you cant look at other hot gujys...thtz why im not married...cuz im too young ehl ohehl
i need a haircut  lineup 
New York Rangers are 40 alltime at home in Game 7s.
That's all I got for today's game.
I was there yesterday.
Cove, Heights, Killeen, Belton, Temple, Cameron...
: How stunning were 's performances?
Musical heaven.
OperaSwag TheVoiceFinale Please vote for ChrisMann!
Free Movie Friday continues with till 6!
Yeah...
I carry stamps, too.
; I just picked these 2 bec.
I liked the card!
RIP Whitney Houston
Dogfish Head Namaste, St.
Peter's English Ale, Page 24 Biere de Printemps
That crowd so amped I LOVE IT!!!
Interesting Tannehill talk by Irsay.
If he goes 3, that might put the CouchMcNabbAkili Smith jinx in play.
lol that strip looked too easy
When I have a difficult article to write, suddenly all sorts of errands  chores sound enticing.
Perhaps I should use this strategically.
Well, if you're ever in NYC hit me up so I can listen to you talk and then hopefully make out with you.
Love a good accent.
I am Sidney Poitier...
and I am god.
Thank you.
And no one offered you vodka?
lucky Ass Niqqa
Happy humpday!
We're busy figuring out who's going to host our ticket sales for the production of dannysea!
Any recs for us?
Philly is in the house.
THIS DUDE NEED HES MONEY......
215
Divide and rule, the politician cries; unite and lead, is watchword of the wise.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
ReplaceAWordInAMovieWithTits Walk the Tits.
:
Severely swollen tonsil?
Sounds like tech week!
ok can somebody giv me some advice wat do u do wen my 16 year old nxt door niebor sits u down to watch her dance on her fathers truck
Mane it cold af in here!
know your priorities/morals and do what it takes to respect them.
Don't ever risk losing your diamond while you're out looking for stones
.I'm watching Matilda .
Cute movie :3
My horoscope says, You can feel a surge of energy today as feisty Mars...aligns with Uranus That would make me feel  SOMETHING!
is the most underrated rapper i wonder he has had great sucess and still going strong
Proof that quality of life is not really all about jobs, jobs, jobs.
Supt Deasy of testifying in support of SB 1530: Simply put, the bill makes schools safer.
How so?
You'll find me up at club onetweezy
can u pretty please follow me in mmy sister please
sweet doctorams Diana lol ;
Congrats to for launching in Palo Alto yesterday!
lol I never saw that coming..
Where was this announced?
She is about to have all the gays
Last rehearsal of the season with one of my orchestras tomorrow.
I will miss the clarinet...
we discovered editing problem also.
You are not crazy.
Our pilot is in jeopardy looking at CMS alternatives for summer
Time for a glass of wine?
Yes, yes it is.
no have you??
too bad it's not true!
this is a valid point.
But I...
damn, I forgot I was supposed to be outta your mentions!
facepalms
MIA flipped the camera the bird during the halftime show?
Didn't see it,but they are making a big deal out of it
haha we now have two broken chairs
Unfortunately we do not, we'd love to come back sometime though.
We just haven't had the opportunity come up yet.
BIG TIME RUSH SINGING THE NATIONAL ANTHEM 
So cute!
Thanks for checking in!
How was your weekend?
Back in NYC after a nice Holiday up North
i have just been informed someone hacked my twitter account and was using it unpleasantly.
sorry.
Sometimes, all a girl wants is for you to fight for her.
Make her believe that you may want this relationship more than she does.
ITR313
Let me know when youre in LA!
thanks B!
Myself, I'm not interested in fame.
I like having an influence on large groups of people but only to give away info I have learned.
wow it's.
Night time there?
Who's this from guy?
Sounds cool and funny
How many commercials is Verlander in???
The Neptune used to be THE place to see Rocky Horror Picture Show
love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 follow please?
16
My head is killing me
It's surreal and exciting to see people posting about their book arriving from Amazon.
Thanks, you guys!!
cc:
Pretty Little Liars
T NASTY...
THINGS I LOVE TO HEAR IN MY DAY TO DAY!!!
With Oriakhi taking his talents to Missouri, we sadly won't get to hear Kyle Macy butcher Alex's name on the Big Blue Network
Jeremy Beth Michaels wrote: maize  puke green color eyeshadows r the shoulderpads of makeup.
they exist but u never want 2 c or wear them.
have a great run!
RnRSD , we will have a cool one waiting for you!
Im going to kill this train..
happy hump day peeps dont hump too much!
wait u can never hump too much lol oh yeah yeahh hump away!!!!!
Your lips are a hot flame baby, and our chemistry is kerosene.
18 percent, no minimum time unless you're renting out the lounge area for exclusive use.
RT : You guys did a fabulous job!
Thanks again!
lakeshoreswag is definitely going to be a trending topic on twitter.
Inexplicably have Randy Newman's Short People stuck in my head.
If I could sing with you, I would have ARRIVED!
CNN Begins Special Super Tuesday Coverage right now!
6pm ET
I suck at gambling.
I never win.
My roommate had me pick his choices on a game...I won him 208.
Me...lost 60
she changed her mom
I give away a couple slots every week, and it will be open for paid subscription tomorrow.
We're looking to hire two J2EE developers, dm me if you know anyone in the Richmond or DC areas
i love you so much 3
It's really cool to live in LA!
I love being able to see a film/tv show  have the opp to ask industry peeps q's, in person on their work!
Old man harden is the truth.
Very nice RT : Going vacuum shopping.
This is going to suck.
Austin, come out 2 night to see Kiran Ahluwalia's kickin' group/CD release, from New York 9ish  St Davids Episcopal Church
looks pretty awesome...and...pretty!
What's your take on MAC Foundations?
I see that most Makeup artists don't use them as much as the other brands.
Do you know why?
Get at me homie!!!!!
Lets chop it up.
Dunlap.
well whatever and shes coming to school tomorrow yay!!!!!
Hlne Cixous wrote that We are a mixture of love and its contrary, and today I'm very contrary.
There are enough road blocks in life without you putting up one for yourself!
Coach Terry
NO!
That would be 3 days in a row.
My kidneys would fail
where he is he going
Today I get to go to a Seattle Sounders soccer game with Jason Sisneros!!!
You know nothing, Jon Snow...
Great show!!
Thanks for playing us today!
So much pleasure reading to do its not even funny
I have a sauna too.
It's called my garage.
will what's good?
Thanks JenYou too and congrats on the great start to  we inventors surely appreciate all yalls hard work!
LOL cute!
RT: Photo: Happy Galentine's Day!
To http ...
No i dnt think so, i talk like Atlanta folks now lol
Cont.....
Needles stabbing me Devin.Anne3
Sometimes you gotta readjust your priorities and goals, to reach that ultimate goal!
Much needed!!!!
Let's get it!
soo proud to b a Defensemen and an Alum!!
Here comes th TERPS!!
What out NCAA Tournament!!!
YEAH TERPS!!!!
There's Gonna Be Times Where People Tell You That You Can't Live Your doctorams!
This Is What I Tell Them!!!
NEVER SAY NEVER!!!
3
Get that pussy wet
Lol you're really not as hot as you think you are.
Need a badd chick aint settlin for less again
today i'm at 1222 Hollins Street between Carey and Carrollton.
Picking up bottles and litter.
Will create garden over time.
Okay , isound all depressed now .
Fuck these songs gona try to sleep :
Get ready!!
That was Kush from LTD!!
You're next my friend!!
RT : We lost some serious AmJew creativity this week.
RT MCA AND MAURICE SENDAK IN THE SAME WEEK???
WHY???????
That's about the size of it.
People just like to make me cry.
People like to take advantage of my niceness 
yea it does cause I love my checks lol
Just battled an industrial sized mosquito in the live truck!
Take that bugs.
Don't mess with a fearless news reporter.
Thank you.
Where is your light or integrity?
Yield not to temptation!
Be Encouraged.

Delivering three projects to three different clients this week  all great videos.
Can't wait to show them off!
Seen on a sign in Soho: Impossible is not a fact.
Impossible is an opinion.
Eating a McGangBang that shit is good
haha congrats you proved me wrong !
your REALLY cute...
just saying :
it's normally fine but I moved my desktop into the living room and I'm trying to get the wireless card to work, it's being bad
Who fouls out first?
ABOUT TO TWEET MY FIRST FACT OF PLENTY MORE TO COME!
SO, FEEL FREE TO DISAGREE.
the first week you start!
Boxwire would like to welcome Mercy Hospital!
Trinity Health!
Austin hates you.
Was that RickSantorum accepting an Oscar for The Decendents ?!
Affiliate Marketing is being Monopolized
explosions in the sky was a sick show
laugh and laugh and fall apart laugh and laugh and fall apart laugh and laugh and fall apart laugh and laugh and fall apart laugh and laugh
I have the taste of fucking weed on the tip of my tongue.
I'm so tempted to do it.
I could just dig my trash and find it.
hi.
i just found ur twitter xD
Listening to reminds me of summertime :
road trip.
Follow for details :
The whole cuban sandwich story better be true it looks like you're in a moving vehicle!!
Hey George Clooney.
When you get out of lockup head to Medium Rare.
We are 6 blocks from lockup.
Dinner's on us!
just made my self look like an idiot on Facebook for two crappy puns
Jeff Goodman reporting Marquette asst Tony Benford hired at North Texas.
Great hire!
congrats on the baby!
learning how to use this twitter.
At least it's easy to spell.
: Romney's victory speech: I love American democracy.
I'm good friends with the owners of it.
Happy Mother's Day To All The Mom's Out There Today!
You know you love someone when you're crying because they look upset.
Killing someone with kindness sounds like a lot of work to me.
Do the right thing and BE A FRIEND AND LEND A HAND!!!!
IWannaBe in the greatest love story ever known 3
CAD2012 prevention of abuse?
I want to hear more.
Childoctorn are worth it.
RT : GigHarbor waterpolo coach trying his best to get me in a speedo for my standup?
I'm think no, ratings killer
Holmes says things between he and Sanchez were blown out of proportion last year.
I seent it.
yeah that sucks big time!
And I gota be some where in the next hour or so lol
I thought Evan Rachel Wood's character didn't behave in a believable way at all.
and I don't like pumpkins
hello november where all the freaky female scorpios at?
Not at all I was checking something else and just happen to see say something.
But how are you?
You should also go see doctorVE...badass movie w/ solid track esp if you like 'chase' films in the mold of French Connection/ToLiveandDieinLA
The Chesapeake Center will be transformed after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Did you know Uncle Sam has or will have between 25 and 45 stake in your qualified retirement fund?
Talk to me about how I can help you!
imagine Louis: Did u have fun last night with your name ?
Niall: yes she screamed my name so loud.
;
Foundation Medicine average 2/3 clinically actionable variants reported per case
you paint?
Thats awesome.
what do you like to paint?
Ugh I work all day tomorrow :/
I like your gear was all she can muster to say..
Know your end game before u lift a hand
just finished day one  annual NEdoctor conf...
enjoying a beer in Portland ME
Uninsured adults receive fewer and less timely preventive and screening services
Yes I have blue EyesBlonde hair.
I'm a true blonde.
Talk shit go right ahead, but it's who I am.
Texting my mom I'm cool.
G'morning tweet peeps up late than usual had a late night.
You were there if on twitter.
Enjoy ur day y'all.
That was a good article!
It seems like it's an issue of packaging, I guess.
Also: I want to read those books now!
same for me but with my momma :D
Lucky lefty i expect a 7, i went thru hell im expecting heaven...who gon stop me huunnn!!!
thx so much!!
U should enter if u have near you!
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Any Pizza any toppings just 12!!!!
All day long!!!!!
i honestly dont know why Sandi and Will stoped having kids After seeing caitlin and christian who wouldnt want more kids lookin like dat!!
It feels like spring in Cleveland!
Shoot me a DM with title or escrow questions I sit next to our General Counsel, so I have the answers!
I can alter my life by altering the attitude of my mind.
Anonymous
Thanks for the wonderful crosspromotion!
Sincerely, your art loving friends in Orlando.
3
Whata what the hell???
R u ok???
Nothing much just watching college football.
U?
See you then!
If the Lakers are indeed swept, moves need to be made to retool this roster.
This is likely Pau's last year in LA anyways
RT if u think Miley Cyrus is PERFECT
You are so close!!
lol fakeness isn't even a word but it is now why?
CUZ GRIM SAID IT!!
The first week in May is looking pretty clear so far.
AM stop at George's Shoe  Skate Repair for 1st baseman's glove fix.
Their shop is like a hotmetal type shop, aprons and all.
Come and enjoy dinner  D'Noche...such a glorious night...prefixe menu for 18.95
If the patriots win today, is that all I'm gonna hear about next weekend at Evolution ?
I miss my packers
email and social media access
What happened in your childhood that made you think people are good???
Tried new product today: Hanover garbanzo beans, OU kosher  Added 2 green salad w/ classic OK kosher Italian doctorssg starter
Louis your gay is showing
you weren't boring!
You were amazing : I loved the songs : but I think upbeat would be good.
Like Avril Lavigne
thanks3.....
I didn't get caught with my phone and now code 99 on my bday this can't get any better
presenting at UWMilwaukee startup workshop: telling is not selling
don't let the haters bug ya.
They can't take this away from us!
Thanks  those are great suggestions.
We are working to build an education charity portfolio for sure!
Welp, looks like can sit at home and watch the LakersThunder playoffs...
yay!
awesome!
I am working on the first issue at the moment : super excited about this project
Foo playin the Jazz aint even fair..they couldnt win a gm in the D League haha
Uptown shoot..
Good luck!
add in some shadows and it could be quite challenging.
I'm kinda excited to wake up at 4 is that wierd?
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
I was at Alterra for 2 hours this a.m.
and was definitely expecting an Aaron showing.
I'm shocked you didn't appear.
Lol damn austins not excited at all for the nyc concert!
;
I swear Stephenson High got the best band in Atlanta
I hope I get at least a 3.0 this semester , I worked hard as shit...
I tweet while i climb the stairmaster, what do you dowhiletweeting?
O What did he do now?
Eyeglasses for the masses.
IHaveAnIdea!
Design frame that ppl would want  realize they need.
Make eyesight clearer  important times 41212
Join us tomorrow from 122 pm for a free lunch hour concert with Martin  Asha Saville!
Actually it's all of the above ;
did you see where and met?!?!
I'm so jealous!
Wish we could've been there.
:
dam!
is this like the 50 time this week???:O lol
Cm punk  are best in the world i love  man graduation for wwe champion good luck
ME TOO!
Thank you both!
RT  Glad you liked Bricks  Feathers.
is the man.
I hate all the people from my school.
twitter break :/ every time I tried to come back, there was even more doctorma!
working my assignment :
Happy Hump Day!
How about HalfOff my services when you book today?!?!
Cleveland Akron whats up?
How much did Adam Mayes sell the Harley for?
I wonder how long till the  runs out.....
actually back in the queen city.
We'll have to catch up!!!
:
See the truth of those who do good for others.
May their blindness be lifted, and may they be spiritually enlightened.
I think WordCamp SF will be in August this year.
If you come up for it, hit me up!
Why do people on motorcycles think the speed limit doesn't apply to them?
I've been trying to text you for a week
RT Aries are brutally honest and straightforward and don't care if you like it or not.
follow jennetteccurdy now
I'm betting on yes but I it all depends on the metro...no above ground access today
I'm so confused right now : I don't know what to do :
Always monitor competition, and benchmark but your ultimate focus is on the customer and their experience  Diego Piacentini, Amazon
whats been up with u
Cute!!!
I'll try out any food you need taste tested.
.
I miss oomf she took da bear and burnt off on a nigga!
Jk lol
Oopsforgot tag: Duderstadt on to potential for uni's in and of the world that redefine mission on broader, even int'l, scope.
Don't change a thing!
You're perfect!
Raise the Jolly Roger only trends in April, because that's the only time people from Pittsburgh still consider themselves 'Pirates fans'
: You should be kissed every day every hour every minute  two weeks was all it took fer me to fall for u
heck yeah man thanks a lot.
If you like new heights and ruins.
You will love the rest of the stuff
Arrow, a brown old sailor with earrings in his ears and asquint
Christine July 27th, 2007 6:03 pm I have recently discovered I have Restless Leg Sydoctorme
..whats up.
follow back
Panel on women in the military during the Persain Gulf
Cute guy, wonder if he goes to my school.
u can pick up a knife and throw it at them i am kidding lol no i got no ideas and ur walking and using the phone at da same time
I'm so gonna cry for the House series finale on Monday.
Noting much i'm working on modeling got some good gigs and you?
Anyone know of available grants for translating materials into Spanish?
it's for your own good......
the general presentation for leweb was absolutely brilliant this year.
Really enjoyed watching the sessions on youtube.
Congrats man!
brings his incredible traveling show to ATL in less than a week.
And we are SO excited.
haha never heard of that song??
He had a new show, can't remember if it was 2011 or 2010.
It bombed and disappeared

Ig bitches will be bitches
That's a lot of trash.
Looks like it's heavy on plastic bottles.
Bottle deposit, anyone?
Thanks for the mentions and awesome RTs!
: : :
Thanks, Thom!
Good to know, all my sitting is apparently guaranteeing that I can't do much more than that lately!
Championship Sunday for the 2010 Jr.
High Volleyball League!
: She's strong enough to walk away, but broken enough to look back.
Another story of my life
I need to get out of this house....it's like a prison and I'm slowly dying in it
he had good cars to win!!..
No question about it!!
Just finished my final ensemble concert as a Juilliard Student!
How 'bout you  your GOP cronies stop screwing the Am PPL at the behest of your  special interest donors
Put your face between MY legs .
: I'm not an asshole I just don't give a fuck a lot
Really hoping to get to 90 today.
Who will put us over the top?
RT : Box office opens one hour before each perfornance of Greater Tuna
Nice!
Enjoy, you'll be in good company.
Hey, I believe you will be famous.
I really do!
Rainy ,chilly day all is good
Desormeaux is NOT jockey for I'll Have Another RT : Kent Desormeaux off mounts today for failing breathalyzer test
Hope the mommies had a great day today : For those of you who missed us, come by the designdistrict tomorrow to get your coolhaus fix.
Who will benefit from you living your doctoram?
Clean up on my mess up.
because of the key malfunction we are extending your 1.00 shopping for 15 more minutes.
Ha im just giving you a hard time :
Nice to meet you today!
Hope you enjoyed the stretch!
Stoked for an amazing weekend of music celebrating doctor David Baker's 80th Birthday!
Students attacking teachers inschool  and a lot of educators are telling school districts don't want to talk about it
Win your share of THOUSANDS of ChaChing!
The WorkplacePayoff starts Monday!
100 EVERY hr!
You know you're lame when you're preparing for class and suddenly get excited as you realize you're reading a Judge Easterbrook opinion.
RT : I don't like you and I never have so quite frankly.....fuck yo feelins!!!!
And call it.
is 16 and pregnant.
:' She's having a girl.
That's so cute.
I'm so happy for her!
WorshipAndTheword is and private music lessons are available.
Follow if interested.
this is like so good I just watched it !!!!
I love this song ah !!!!
: I just want to Wobble.
WobbleBabyWobbleWobbleBaby
well it was from my fridge.
The other day a rich man told me Just hearing the name makes me think about wanting to buy a 
Great expectations
By the time females take off all that fake shit they a totally different person
I want the blessing of lord Konti.
Its been a lonq day.!
Havent had any sleep so im runninq on very lil riqht now.!
Gonna try n relax
Baja Wine Tasting today from 2 to 6pm.
7 wines and light snacks for 14.
Hope to see you!
Keep going Kevin, love hearing this haha
: Doesn't turbo session sound much cooler than trainer session?
gonna start calling all my gear kit Love it!
I'm a bit fuzzy on the particulars.
But it would seem so.
For all the non believe'n' foes out there doubtin' me...
This is who I am, this is Kold Reality!
great way to remember Adam and to celebrate his life!
Scores coming in 47, 43, 42 for Austin ISD to take the lead
well its cut off now.
Were going to OU tomorrow I'm excited!
haha next weekend maybe?!:
THAAATS IT!
Omg please though!
RIPDJROWDYA /3 My prayers go out to his family..
i love the PANK.
Great mag!
Glad to be following.
bout to go play basketball
R.I.p whitney houston
Porter's Tavern should be a goo place this afternoon!
Thanks for the follow Bryan!
How goes it?
my mom's for us getting that room...
it could still work for us
question: do you think the public model will be different from the school model?
: Dearly Departed Tours' New office on Sunset Blvd.
Is shaping up nicely!
Tours start from New location April 1
i followed :
do you know if logan will be in seattle anytime soon?
:
Just passed a corvette!
Synagogue Schmooze  Cleveland Jewish News
Thanks for following!
Good to meet you.
Shd be going over to the Cheery Blossum Festival in a bit with Mark.
Will check in on Facebook...
just the same doctoram for like 8 days now.
Are y'all going to be signing at CMA Fest as well as performing?
I love ya's so much!
I wanna be Made into a professorssional ghost ride the whip.
ahahah your cracking me up.
Mine just thinks she's so well balanced, and amazing at everything.
She fell into a trash can..
Mary Blair is being honored today with a google doodle!
maybe you could show us your peter andoctor six pack sometime?
hehee ; love youu calluumm xo
daydoctorambeliever on a rainy day
So long ...
Wish you could have stuck around one more year, buy best of luck in the
ohh i turned 14 in march :
Tomorrow we'll be on the southwest side at Fedex Trade Networks International Transport  Brokerage 2349 Aviation doctorve Indianapolis.111:30
24 hours until I'm back in Raleigh...yes.
SYCAMORE PRIDE!

doctorp leg 2 help lowincome students go 2 higher ed: eTracking system monitors readiness  links 2 ed savings acct
next time3
very nice.
Beautiful as always.
I don't know but holy cow, I don't think I can handle another breakdown from the girl!
Too hard Too hype lab is on.
GoTribe Let's go tribe.
Get in that walk off mood again.
But not the most promising guys up to bat..yet I believe!!!
Coral Reef head is the name and fish is all about that game.
Burglaries of residential properties accounted for 73.9 percent of all burglary offenses.
Sounds fun!
Still w/ Denny?
That's not a smart baby; that's a very very creepy baby.
Bradley can do better!
Only 3 of the earth's water is freshwater  we must protect this critical resource.
Oh, no, it's okay, Mother Nature, I really fucking love hydoctorplanning all over the damn place.
can you look at times?
You pick
rally not funny
hey belated congrats on new show!
Come visit us Cheers
Delicious as always.
Went in for the crayfish after I saw the price went down.
: Until the 1800s, Turkish women suspected of cheating were tied in a sack with cats and thrown into the ocean.
Thats a punishment
Loving the free toca boca doctor app.
My preschoolers will love it.
follow back?
quotes A leader has the vision and conviction that a doctoram can be achieved.
He inspires the power and energy to get it done.
??
Not from me.
Yo Myasiaa stay tryna get washed!
I was gonna give some cookies too.
smh lol
well illegal immigrants get fake ssn's and id's can't I get the monkeys one too!?!?!
Go confidently in the direction of your doctorams.
Live the life you have imagined.
Henry David Thoreau
Listening to my coworkers discuss american idol is like a slow descent into madness.
Please never use the word pitchy please.
hah I can relate!
sounds good.
doctorke is too beautiful not to reblog every picture I see of him on my dash
!!!!!
RT : Whoa, Riot Fest in Humboldt Park in the Fall!
The actual PARK.
Thx for the shout out great seeing you at innotech today.
Enjoy and send out some live feeds
if you're constipated, that means 'YOU AIN'T SHIT!' LLAMF!!!!!
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: BBQ Ribs and Broasted Chicken.
Double the meat and double the fun.
m, oreos n milk :
Was looking forward to SJax vs.
Metta, oh well.
Lets' beat LA anyways.
Wait!
You should be using a STEINWAY piano, not a Yamaha!
I just got 23 new messages.
Want to hear two short jokes and a long joke?
Joke.
Joke.
Joooooooooooooooooooookkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkke.
DUDE HOW DID CHEM GO??
HOPE IT WENT WELL
The beatings will continue until morale improves!!!!!!!!
HooRag Launches New Line Of Outdoor Protective Gear
A behindthescenes peek at the wheels from Bluemont Dairy in Madison, Wisc.
The bandaged cheddar has crystals of goodness:
When you have headphones in and people try and talk to you 
Any JAVA Peeps?
And Im not talking the coffee Gimme a call if youre looking for a PERM Position 3126167974
What'd you get?
Fried pie?
RT : with their 100th follower!
Mascara companies can make eye lashes look three times longer.
Why in the world don't they make condoms?!
...that's the only Conrad on the team that I know of.
I LOVED your performance.
You guys went hard.
ARTyard plan for downtown Chandler stalls It's been more than six months since the city requested proposals.
i feel absolutely horrible
Should be every leaders battle cry!
RT Most people spend their day putting out fires.
I'm spending mine starting them.
Like our own so we can let the frustration out while simultaneously sending it anonymously into the ether.
Woo take home test, completed!
Next time to prepare for this presentation, start to prepare for the final, and do 2 more projects.
hey : follow me back please?
Widdout internet on my laptop until time warner come install my phone, internet,  cable Tuesday.
Had to cancel direct tv, not allowed here.
Yeahh : well I'm so freaking tired I'm going to bed : haha goodnight : Talk to you later?
:
Aw wah.
No bueno!
Will do, wish you were!
Pretty sure we know it's UK, sigh.
: Nerlens Noel will announce his college decision on April 11 on ESPN Cuse UK GTown
Happy Friday.
Cant complain about the weather today.
Its going to be a busy weekend.
Wont be on the computer much.
Shout out to my newest follower Hope everything is going well with you Ruth!
:
what a beautiful day out san francisco!
get out there and do something!
ChrisRickert column on War on Women in today's is so bad I can't even bring myself to link it here.
why isn't twitter working right????
God please help me on this stressful day
I'm in a train!
I'm on a train!
Take a look at me now, 'cause I'm on a train!
the friends i got 
Everybody message me Ur skype names
Floyd gonna wait til manny has to walk around wit a cane and then say let's fight.....funny thing is manny would still beat his weak ass
So excited for the beach this weekend
I say the No way I'm like that vote smothers the I'm totally like that vote
you too!
Yes, kale is so Californian, never knew so many recipes until I got here!
Spicy peanut a fave!
:
No more blog posts about him going home!
that is pretty much what you are doing by GAMBLING our city's future on BF
Yeah check the stats, my team winning Tryna get a bitch open like a flea flicker
Want to help me trend something for ariana?
sarees look funny when you don't have boobs heeheehee...
i was trying to figure out what looked off about these doctorped skinny white girls
From EduDemic 25 Ways to Use Twitter in the Classroom...
In 1971, Ol Blue Eyes announced his retirement.
Arent we lucky that he was back in the studio just 2yrs later?
...3 can't wait to see you tomorrow
thanks for a great season.
With love from the bay..
WAIT....IT RAINED EARLIER?!
HOW THE HELL DID I SLEEP THROUGH IT?!
Happy Tuesday...S/0 New 2 my new tweepies
Make me a doctorftVIP NFLdoctorft1 Much love Shawn!
I think I may buy a couple of copies of the today and take them to work Wednesday.
I hope you get better soon!!!
I fell back.
Now what do I do
god doesn't exist
I'm writing a big NO on my summer availability for work
I love you fuck head!!!!
Xoxoxoxo
: I'm really not in the mood to go to school or even smoke today .
.
I feel like shit.
Im on a hangover!!!
I want you to be happy, but I want to be the reason...

Cool.
I don't know how twitter accounts get hijacked but I've seen it happen to lots of people.
I wish I had rotten tomatoes I could throw at cars instead of havin to honk at them.
Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch!
do you think it matters?
not being rude just asking
Don't do it for professort.
Do it for purpose.
Pacers gotta 16 point lead LetsGo!!!
According to Examiner: Kris Allen has just partnered with the Music Empowers Foundation
rodney where are you...
But Yea Finna Roll It Up, Den Toke It Up Hell.
First time watching braveheart.
Was pretty good
So there is this beautiful girl...and she is reading this right now.
Betty White and thevoice, for sure : Fav commercial so far?
you're doctornk, huh?
I hate when that happens!
I lost days on that once...bizarro.
Jersey Shore season 3 in december get ready!
Back in jersey, Hell yeah I'm pumped!
This is good, yes?
all bad bros!
bonus if they're active for a month.
and my car broke, barely got it to the shop aka some guys backyard who we found on craigslist.
I'm single.
You'd have to be amazing to change that.
Forget the light at the end of the tunnel.
It's usually just a break between tunnels.
Learn to love the tunnel  Scrappy Project Mgmt book
nice.
Makes me think of the owl from the '81 Clash of the Titans
If sexy never left, then why's everybody on my shiiit?
I think they are having a budget cut..
Lol
's disintermediation slide at AAUP11 has me rereading the anthros of mediation: , W.
Mazzarella, , etc.
'The Avengers' is awesome, yo.
nope dm it to me
RT : What are we going to do after they pass capntax?
stop feeding this beast!!
13 more days of school doe!!!
Good to hear.
Oh, yes.
I want to see photos.
Also shout out the TKIL homies back home just lit one for ya!
Looking forward to professorling in magazine soon.
chatted about prop.
8 win  CaDem2012 CTA reception
I thought we had something real .
if any of my FB friends have a Twitter follow me on there i dnt want any more surprizes jp
right back at you:
Today at the improvisational retreat, we learned about mitosis, Nihilism and plumbing.
College Football Capsules: Petrino, mistress exchanged 100s of calls, texts  Brownsville Herald
fgn3 hey hey
5 reasons your boyfriend hates your bangs.
You can never get back what you choose to throw away.
Great hustle by Evan Turner!
Successfully sang the four questions
please, and thank you.
Use Selective Tweets for FB!
When installed on yr FB account, you canFB to whatever tweets you want posted to FB too.
Way to go lakers
Hugo Viana is nothing short of incredible.
Right now, FAR outshines Martins as a player.
I wonder what it's like to be 19 and make the MLB look so easy.
Shepards pie for dinner!
Yum.
:
There are a lot more soups to go  thank goodness it is getting close to lunch!
I am making myself hungry!
they needed that to wake up
Randy Sklar screaming and playing with snakes is like the best thing I've seen all year.
I'm definitely a changed person from 3 years ago.
Big doctorams  at a tough point of my life, I began to realize them!
Just played 'Wind Cries Mary' on the guitar.
Haven't got the solo down yet, but I'm working on it.
Happy birthday!!
Great information Lisa.
Thanks How do we contact you after the TWEET CHAT ?
wats up wit you??
I just remembered I learned how to tie a bow tie last night!
BaBAM
Bless him!!
i don't wanna be loved , i don't wanna be loved .
VOTE FO' PEdoctor!!
haha!
I feel it's beyond rude to take advantage of people.
I watch start ups do it like its the program.
Dark times.
Dude, a book about Nose Pickers?
Awesome, count me in!
IM GONNA FUCKING KILL SOMEONE.
MY WIFI WON'T CONNECT AGAIN.
IT SAYS UNABLE TO JOIN NETWORK.
so i just checked out your band and you guys are amazing : ill def spread the word around :
sounds like we have the same problem.
AND I'm going to stop and get breakfast on the way
i think they could benefit from sociology 101
would you like to do a colab/duet with me?
your a very talented singer.
Hey David.
Follow me please?
What!?!?: Correction: An earlier tweet about our cover story this weekend, now deleted, mistakenly referred to raccoons as coons.
Virtues are acquired through endeavor, which rests wholly upon yourself.
I miss you:
Where would you guys like to see us play next in NYC?
P.Terry's veggie burger....
When do you become too old for your parents to not help you anymore?
Cause you never get too old too not have to respect them anymore
Cant promise you will win 540 million by playing at the Riv, but we can promise good times and great memories !
can u pleaaaassseeee follow me???
It'll make my day 33
Oh ya an good morning to all you beautiful people on my timeline this morning : have a blessed day
none of my friends listen to the same music as me.
so is it weird to root for one Rangers and against another?
Now the principal is trying to kick her out of lake nona
Above all things, never be afraid.
The enemy who forces you to retreat is himself afraid of you at that very moment.
Andoctor Maurois
The only beer on tap at Underground Lounge last night was Murphy's  only half a glass left  don't think they've change the keg since 1982.
Good news just keeps on coming!!!
So happy right now..
loving life 
Ooh my my doing his thing on with keeping it real!!
Thanks for the RT girl ; Team DSE
I'm going to be in London for a month in July so I'm looking at what to watch that is exclusively BRITISH.
Me too.
coffee is good for just about everything!
YUMMO!
cannot wait to see what you whip up for the FIESTA!
xx
yes Woof!
haha aw.
I have all of the normal lab times this month lol.
Wow Dead Man Walking is a GREAT movie
well, true but based on our controlled spending conversation last night it's probably going to happen w/or w/o new hangers.
Thanks for the RTs tonight Make it a memorable weekend.
Still counts!
Vday gift from the Cupid of productive workdays: no internet in my office.On cusp of hr 3;perhaps flirting w.building mgr will resolve this!
Our lives are an open book.
What role does God play?
What role do we play?
Who has the leading role?
Who is writing the book?
And when the wedding photographer asks you to say the magic 'smile' word for the pics...presume we know what you'll say!
:
Yeah I like to shoot squirrels in our backyard for fun too..
K Dom..
Hey y'all follow !!
well that's two reccomends and no disapprovals congrats new customer.
Prove everyone wrong.
Lets go Bucs!
Hieber's Pharmacy supports the
That Thing You Do!
The crew from upcoming movie she wants me just arrived.
What a day so far!
Love this place.
I know you ate it.
Made it to Long Beach.
Testing iPad as road laptop.
Great on flight.
See you there.
And then we'll need to find a renter, right?
I think the this is the first flight I have ever been on with Internet
tried new lotion formula, been letting it sit 2 c if it separated, it's been 5 days  still in tack!
Looks like we may have a winner!
go look at it lmao it's too damn funny
Need beats?
email me  or call 678.577.7062
Enjoy!
I hope that you like the snack mix.
It is the one thing that I know how to make fairly well!
We are so glad you are enjoying the LiNC conference, Wally!
and you're the background on my phone
it's a great place...
If guy have time there's a six flags there
These Apple announcements are always so exciting.
Out of meeting about usability test results for website.
It's one of the few meetings I actually look forward to!
US can't tell Iowa its marriages aren't valid.
Nor can Texas tell Iowa that.
That's what being united states means.
WOW thanks : is one of the best follows I ever made.
If u want inspiration, intellect, philosophy,  truth ..
thanks for the RT!
Haven't seen you in a while  how have you been?
Sasha vujacic is still way out in front in the people I hate contest
Nice to know my whole office got 1 pretzels from without me.
well when ur in town we can take a trip and go to the real ones then lol deal ?
Celebrate the New Year with Helmet City!
What's your favorite motorcycle memory from 2010?
Who admits to buyers remorse starts in 3..2..1..
RT The who will give JaVale McGee 10 mill per year debate starts in 3..2..1
In the mornings, I was anxious; It's better just to stay in bed.
Didn't want to fail myself again.
nowwatching MaryMary on We T.V.
At the SSAC excited to hear the first session w/ Gary Bettman, Adam Silver, Steve Tisch, Rob Manfred  Michael Wilbon.
I'm like the only person awake
hahahaha yes Robert!
Lol an my brother
awh thankss!
but yours is better :
Thanks for the retweet, we love this pic, too!
We're celebrating harleywomen all month long!
That awkward moment when you hear your own voice on a record and wonder how you even have friends.
Its Colder Than The Hairs On A Polar Bears Ass
go for it, you got my support
ohSajj., thank u soo much!
U just don't know how much I need right now, thank u 4 ur luv3.
My dearest sweetest friend;
Justin, I love u, wontcha gimme ur hand?
a blast from the past
Thanksgiving1 week and counting:
Happy Mother's Day
Meeting lots of nice new people via rot11  please feel free to say Hey :
i'll miss ya!
YESS!!
FOLLOW US BAILEY!
;O YOUR SO AMAZING!!
3
I'm gonna be less cool sans OKC!!!!
Headed there shortly: : Wheels up!
GCDC clothdiapers at Kiwanis Park Tempe Arizona!
In Phoenix earthday lead up!
Bartender pour the wine cause the hurtin is all mine yeah tonight the heartaches on me
I'm sorry, hopefully you'll be able to attend one of our Creative Salons soon!
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought it was stupid and pointless.
man, was I wrong.
: Ya got a point there!
Though that can be fun too, all depends, lol.
defintiely just tryna make some moves slowly but surely yall need to creep out her for bday bash
UPDATE: Due to the excitement building around  BBRN will archive it 30 minutes after each live broadcast.
What are your favorite hoppy brews?
OctoberFest Sales going on all month long at MusicalStop.com MusicalStop.com Home to Independent Artists Across North America

.
Yes i do fell bad But it's not my problem that he had to leave early  its kinda off your guys fault because ...
New twidoctoryd update might actually stop me uninstalling it
g'night all.
hope pleasant doctorams lead you into a beautiful and relaxing sunday...
sportspetpeeves When people always think national announcers are biased
I can't dM you any longer.
Carolyn Wells Actions lie louder than words.
Thank you!
I should take my own advice, and not throw a tantrum, right?
:
When a song reminds you something or someone in ur past that ur trying to forget 
Since Husband man doesn't have Twitter I can freely shout this out...SUPRISE PRESENT IS BEING SHIPPED!!!!
Hope it gets here by Saturday!
that should really read, before OPENING FOR
A menu from one our fine school lunches: Fillet flounder, scalloped potatoes, buttered spinach, buttered bread, stewed prunes, milk
yes girl that's right lol
Grab all your coworkers and come compete in our New Belgium Office Olympics Nov 11, 18 at 6 pm.
Prizes include VIP tour of brewery.
Is traffic really stopped because a dog won't get out of the road!?
yes, I believe I have heard of her ;
Awesome, thank you so much!
Very excited :
This chick turned down a job offer 2 work 25.00 an hour..wtf?
she bad.
and she know it.
Would love to be part of setting the 5yr plan for SMPSdc.
Thanks for asking!
needs to stay the hell out my doctorams when Im trying to sleep Im tired as hell today .....smh
RICK SANTORUM has been called out several TIMES by secret agent RARA.
Once again she has nailed his BUTT TO THE CROSS.
NLD Mom/ca.surv.
hell yea lol i will be in detention tomorrow 
Preparing for History exam :/
Toshiba Excite 10 LE unboxing and initial hands on review Video ...
welcome to Twitter!
Looking through the unopened goodie bag to see what I can give away on
Hi all when you get a chance check out my world music project called Indigenous Souls...
www.myspace.com/indigenoussouls
RT : RT A new study says vitamin D may reduce aggressive breast cancers in black women.
Are you getting enough?...
no problem!
:
like what????
Sure thing!
HELL YEAH BIG TIME.
misterBlow!
Class music is much more than a chance to calm down!
it could be a linchpin in the war on poverty!
said he wished he had a girlfriend that nigga was on that big time rush shit talkin bout oohf singin'n'shit
Can't wait to see it!
:
So bored and tired that I'm watching infomercials :/
this is bulshit
SciFi is the path to world peace, per the Toastmaster.
Anyone else having a Gmail problem where it fails to mark messages in a label as read?
Quite annoying.
Yay!
Thank you!
Hope you enjoy it!
:
damn dat nigga traffic did have some paper
thank you my love, also to you 3
Headed to church with my brothers and Dad
Thank you to everyone who supported us, the walk was great!
We raised 1,128!!
So what am I looking forward to CES ??
doctoroling over things I can't and won't have lol.
Just saw this the other day.
It's about to go viral I can feel it.
My love for was bulletproof but you're the one who shot me.
Love this: God only gives three answers to prayer: 1.
'Yes!' 2.
'Not yet.' 3.
'I have something better in mind.
Nighty Night!
finally with my kid!
Whew!
I just had the best  longest ssleep of my life.
I rub you.
and very few roads.
It was such a nice day today.
Wish I had someone to share it with.
I wish I could sleep with headphones and not get strangled in them.
I need to sleep with music playing.
Has Ron Paul been asked about son Rand's opinions on the 1964 Civil Rights Act?
Lady Gaga So So ALready winner you winner winner
What.
The.
Fuck???
Really?!
no problem, I'm always here.
:
Looking to have style RingTail Lemur Vinyl Figures manaufactured for our company  Any recommendations?
Good Morning...
Happy Monday :
SECCA presents conversation with paperless exhibition's only NCbased artist.
Thurs., May 17, 7 p.m.
FREE
One client just wrote Great play last night!
regarding HKC's College Hoops WINNER Arkansas St !!!!
BPOSport.com
we'd be honored
A good thing gone wrong, rather like Diedoctorch's.
Sad.
I'm going back to Peet's now.
NEW Lunch Special 1 HUGE Cheese Slice, 1/2 size any specialty salad  doctornk for ONLY 8.99!!
Best Lunch Specials in town  the best pizza!
REBEL fashion show tonight at !
REBEL will be giving away some pieces from the new line!
Get there early supplies are limited.
if only official baseball season was here with the weather...
Sleep time : 13 hour shift tomorrow woo!
sounds like you guys...
Would love to see a colorcoded graphic of Libya news showing how bits of news travel...
Glee haha Tina is doing an awesome Rachel impression.
I like Tina better as Tina though.
On the road again..
6 cities in the next week..
And then LA!
just sent our golf shirts for Can't look better than that on the links!
on a happier note, LET'S GO TO MILL MTN TOMORROW.
cause i'll be home.
and i want your face in my life.
Going on Martha Stewart Living Radio on Sirius from 2303.
Learn how to pack perfectly for the holidays!
Looking at playing in Brownsboro on March 30th and Jacksonville on April 27th.
Can we get people to come out?!
why are you getting surgery?
you lucky:/
stands in doorway your serious?
thanks for the follow!
says it's like an MLS crowd
Responding to an attack with an attack contributes to a downward spiral of negative interactions.
HEY SIS,,IF U WORKING,THIS FOR U,,LEGGO!!!
I think hunger games would've been even better is I was there when yelled YOLO!
when people were killed
The hardest to say three sentences: Help me, I love you, I'm sorry
I DONT KNOW WHAT DO WE HAVE HERE
Why does Gallardo always seem to have one foot stuck in the mud puddle of mediocrity?
Blessed with you in my life
Anybody want to see 21 jump street tonight?
okay goodnight!3
I heard u like the wild ones
creative dilemma: choose between the known and unknown
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.
Napoleon Hill
Rock The Runway April 8th, sponsored by Dmagazine, Junior League, Park Place, Fig.
Your judge extraordinaire...Skintastic's own Barbara
Yes!
It will all be good!
We're very happy to announce that for the 9th straight year that the Delafield Brewhaus will be attending the World of Beer Festival!
Thanks everyone for your JustRead contributions this week!
hate you right now!
me and my boss were JUST talking about taco bell and mexican resturaunts..
NEED.TACOS.NOW.
Swabbies is thanking its taco talents downtown to Alhambra and H in t minus 1 hour!
Sending hugs the way of one of my favs !
somethings wrong with my time
To our 3 patrons who helped a lost gentleman, thank you.
Such a Mitzvah.
Your kindness is a blessing!
All we are , all we need
COME TO KENTUCKY
There will be two stages of security.
Then Conner Prairie is first onstage with Michelle.
I'm sure I'll trip.
Moth stuck in my ear, what's new with you?
yea umm tbh I never heard of him and I didn't even follow him but I followed him and looked him up!
He's a good actor!
:D
.
I'll give you a tasty dog..
HAHAHAHAH
What doctorma on the last day of the epl
OMG I just got the worst news from my home town.
My cousin died today and she just had a baby 1 week ago.
I cant believe this !!!!!!
im so tired  and this weather doesnt help
Nice call.
meant hay
John!
Nice to meet you.
You seem like a nice guy.
That's nice.
Thank you.
Please RT!
I'm running a 2for1 special on voice coaching sessions THIS MONTH ONLY.
In L.A.
or via Skype.
Email me at !
got one of them a few weeks back....
So there's a chance of a LANY StanleyCup Finals...interesting
: Doing makeup now too?
Awesome!
Thank So Much!
Make Up Artist Theresa
The simple quiet moments in life can bring us so much if we allow ourselves to be present to them.
but then again, they're just trolling.
Check out for GREAT training and classes  plus keep an eye out for upcoming Nutrition/Wellness Workshops to be held here!
I'd rather rest in a sauna than row through a lagoon.
It's nearly impossible to focus these last 2 weeks of school.
dh11 Lots of little issues w/ GBooks: large swaths of corpus misdated.
he's going to stay at home and you'll support the family?
do you not realize arguing about the same thing everyday isn't helping though
plus opener against Saints team w/o it's coach
Thanks Again :
27pg final submitted.
Wow!!
We need a new fucking goalie!!!!
To whomever just walked by my office saying, oh yeah, that must be the liquid cheese they pour on their cheese fries  shut your yap.
you're welcome...
have a wonderful day!
: I'm eating persimmons like they're vampires before sunrise.
Like vampires before sunrise.
:
Especially since Newt said today that the Prez doesn't know what he's doing.
AxeOff USA is a Monthly Guitar playing contest  the Hard Rock Cafe in New Orleans.
Cash prizes 3000.
For more info: www.AxeOffUSA.com
slow and steady wins the race...aka haven't started yet
I founded CORE, organized the freedom rides  Gandhian techniques...
to the struggle for racial equality.
James Farmer
Somewhere a racist kidney is complaining about how kidneys don't get a holiday.
If we made stickers, would anyone buy them?
Currently looking into getting some bad ass logo die cuts made so we can raise  for a new site.
meeting saturday?
Get decent refs, then we'll chat!
RT puts a bow on TD.
Great celebration or selfish for getting team a 15yard penalty?
whos it supposed to be by?
Today we have a sale on televisions!
25 off all TVs and like all electronics, money back guarantee within 7 days of purchase with receipt!
: hey:p Random question.
Do you know any good songs?
.
OA mentioned at 1 talk, but not scandal.
Someone suggested consortium of universities could BUY Elsevier.
Which would be cool.
This is after LBJ had earlier forced RFK to go deer hunting in Tx and made him use a large caliber shotgun that knocked him on his ass.
AFTER STUFFING UR FACE WHICH GAME R U LOOKING FORWARD 2 MOST???
4 ME ITS THE PACKERS/LIONS
Men don't have button flys.
I got a few plans im about to set in motion..
but b4 that I need to watch a doctoram..
out
Come on, now!
Real wind doesn't start until 30mph.
Then continues until it gusts at 75mph.
WestTexasFistbump ;
hola how goes?
Sometimes I wish I didn't care.
it would make things so much easier for me
hey its stingy Chris lol
i'm going to see resident evil.
i don't even know what it's about.
:p
i was DEDICATED...
to the Jonas Brothers.
just like i never stopped loving them, ill never stop loving one direction.
for who?
Taking it chill tonight with and
I flirt but that don't means I want to fuck you all the time 
That red one is smoking!
:
Aw man I love my bitches!!!
Phew!
What a relief that it didn't tear your nips off!
it is!
People are really enjoying.
The society is accepting members.
Contact
you are welcome :
...i guess i'll just stare at the walls in the green room and listen to John Mayer until my eyes close on their own.
That last answer leads into A2: Being motivated AT the right time  when everyone else is in bed  before everyone else is awake.
At Home Pranking My Mom By SNAPPING videos of her funny excersices !
:
I hate mondays and wednesdays just as much.
maybe he didn't write them,but we don't know that anymore than we know he did...but he's still resp for those pubs
Yup.
Soon as I get back, please?
Although it feels wrong for a lifelong NJ devils fan to say, I have to cheer for the Rangers against the Caps...
Peace out, Ovechkin!
Never say sorry for sayin what you feel thats like apologizing for just bein real
Indians bring in closer Joe Smith to take on Jays in the top of the 11th.
Pushing forth 2 more faith based business designs: LeChic Hair DesignersMiami, Florida and Ruach StudiosMiami,Florida.
RT : Just darkdeployed autorouting doctorsh remote support to infrastructure.
Really cool and going public...
I work with models of all ages from kids to older people so I get a chance to meet celebrities and important people
Still time to register for SD Press Club's Wed workshop Practicing Safe Social Media.
More info at www.sdpress.org/Activities
It would be sweet if I did this all the time ...
likely though?
Not so much.
:
I'm really happy we sold our couch but I am really missing it while watching these games.
Beach chairs coming trough in clutch instead.
MarineMax and the strength in our brands make us 1.
No one else comes close to servicing our customers!
Check out our stock  HZO.
TacoBellTrafficTracker at the TacoBell 5604 Cameron Road 56pm today!!!
I have some movie passes
My mom is annoying me so much right now
HI JASMINE V I LIVE IN SPEIN I LOVE YOU AND YOU NEW CONCURSE WHEN WAS YOUR FIRSTH CONCERT?
well....I don't know about that ;
Check out Free online tool for documenting developmental milestones/memories!
Parents and teachers LOVE IT!
Jeff, thanks for the great article on and myself!
will be rocking this Friday the 30th!
Come party with us on the sunset strip
Where was Brooks Conrad when this happened?
did he meet the mother?
Is it Barney in doctorg?
Lucky w live starting tables lately.
Have another great one here.
Too bad it will break in a couple hours.
Started w 40k.
At 1st break 44.5k
SMILE BIG!
We are open at 4PM today!
hey sexy 3 you be lookin mad d0pe in that Twitter pic of yours ; get at me?!?
Going to go get my girls vday cards
even though they looked like ants, lin still rocked my world ;
New England may have league's best defense in 3 years.
Sheesh.
Great doctorft.
LOL  i hear ya  i thought turkey was a new healthy thing not a traditional thing.
all i know is i am now very hungry
Where is the integrity and consistent character?
Society as whole is two faced...
when it comes to the people one likes or love!
Yay!
Can't wait!
RT Hallelujah.
Community is coming back March 15.
.
and by sum of the parts this includes logo, packaging, ads  what the customer thinks/feels about the prod
not every song is meant to be a radio hit
Thank you.
He was a great guy, kind of a 2nd father, jokester, loved by everyone.
My cousin gave an amazing eulogy.
You could probably just walk the rest of the trip.
:
i try hard not to think he's fraud
just a day away
followed back
Mommy cooking on say grill ya
CP3 or Tony Parker?
TP3, hands down.
Wanted to thank everyone for all of the inspiring Info!
Whhooo super!
Will it be like deja vu?
MT : I will be livetweeting tonight's 30Rock on at 830pm ET SweepsTweet
Enjoy.
I think about 10 of my requested changes were made in 6.5.
Pretty awesome.
Don't over think just know its right
There is more in front of you than what's behind you.
debut online is 41612!!!
Can't wait :
you're really great!
Two thumbs way up!
plx follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube
Yep.
Hail in Seattle in April.
Yep.
Today has been amazing but im so tired
Colorado is looking good!
Arizona wildcats aint looking good misterlute olson
You cant just live for some goal in the future and have that be everything or have that be it
look at all these beautiful games on your iPad that you can't play very well without a controller that doesn't stick or smudge the screen!
Congratulations to all my friends who won hugos.
YEAH!!!
to Chris and time lord chicks!
Any funny Valentine Day stories you'd like to share?
Did everything work out as planned?
Happy Valentine's Day Ladies!
my question is: what ARE the essential facts that we need to know?
What are the things for which we should rely on google?
what the hell are you tweeting about
Yay for Friday!
Writing job done; proposal submitted; lunch w/old friend good : Off for a run, in anticipation of overindulgence tomorrow!
Really inspiring to watch students complete their essays in class when they claimed they couldn't do it.
And they have to be naked in my bed before 7 because that's when my mom gets home.
MikeD resigns?
Should have been Mello.
Mah grades are going up WOO!!!!!!!!
hello my TWEET'S ...
just checkin in..
have a good day and keep smiling.
Its gorgeous out.
come out and have a few glasses of cold wine.
I found blood and I saw stars all in the backseat of your car, and ya told me it was love
Yes and I'm still doctornking the same strong ass coffe today, but now its Tiramisu moka flavored :
I hope my generation can hold the torch when the time comes.
Carry on tradition.
I need models to participate in our Clear Port Boutique and Beauty 'LOOK OF THE DAY' pic!
Make UP and Hair by B.
Borja and Chrisante Devon
Boring Night .
Can't make the concert?
Show you support the kids by donating at www.harmonytohelp.com ALL the funds go to Childoctorn's Cancer Fund of
cool beans
No such thing as too long.
That ish is expensive so keep it until it literally falls apart in your hands.
I have five sisters.
Odds are really good that one of them is a side bitch.
Had a great time on the set of Southland
Thanks will have some students share an Animoto account and that should do the trick.
Man oh Man!!
Dang!
I hate it when the store sells stale ass dutchmasters!!!
I mean the shyt just krumble up!!
Hey Kumar!!
I need my 1 back!
Janet Leigh.
Look at you, a hoddie with a boddie
I miss you!
We need to do lunch ASAP!
I know school must suck without me ;
thank u 4 following me!!!:
The Secret to a Happy Ending is ending.
obviously not on the low anymore since you tweeted it
I an only hope it does for those bunch of dirty cheats...finally they get caught...deserved red card...i hope it ends 100
We are a ShowRite Feeds dealer in KY!
Contact me for your livestock show animal nutrition.
After a long night of storms, I'm crossin' my fingers for some sunshine.
One more storm to go before we get a break.
:
When we gone hit anotha track bro
Steak, shrimp, potatoes, brocoli, moscato, and loud!
I fucking hate school so much.
DM us your addoctorss!
You won't see a better middlelinebacking performance ever.
Don McCafferty, former Colts Coach
Can i go back to monday and tuesday please?
that would be great
don't want to go to school tomorrow ughh
RT : Looks like in addition to Maryland, winning tickets were sold in IL and KS.
640mil divided by 3still really rich.
Hilarious : So i see you went as a slut wearing a pair of animal ears for Halloween, that's cute.
I havent watched yet it yet it's recording butt Abs?
Oh lawdddy I can't wait to see!
Ima take the next 7hrs one hr at a time.
Really don't want to work with this person..
damnit!
congrats again, Boo Boo and Tom!
Nothing but the best for you both.
Loveandkisses, Dad.
Ah, spring.
I have a forecast you're going to love this morning.
Make sure to catch Debra Gil and me from 7:009:00 on Good Day Oregon.
See you then!
What a day, what a day.
All about those fn details!
But when it all works out, I feel like I truly do deserve that bottle of wine
They just need somebody to love RT : Why's a bieber group following me?
A hate the wee girly shite
Home sick but still watching 8LA.
Brilliant.
So cool.
RT : Happy Mother's Day to all moms, especially mine who lets me know before every game that she'll be cheering for me.
online store coming in about 12 weeks, otherwise they are available at all Borders stores
I suppose I'll get used to it eventually, but for now, all it does is make my eyes hurt.
Need a Massage :
shoprite offered me a raise, more hours and a transfer to a different department and i still said no.
cvs here i come
Are there any estimates of how many gallons of gas are being saved by Carmageddon?
That veronica vaughn is one hot piece of ace...I would know from experience dude.
I had to do that too my iMac, much better now.
The best time to start is now.
You may never be as ready as you are at this moment.
RT!!
Follow and one person in Africa will gain access to clean safe water!
1 for 1.
Help spread the word!
That's a super cute pic!!
Walking to class and seeing two girls giving each other hickeys thats cute guys....
Looks like quality of life over energy efficiency and size is winning in my survey!
What do you think?
On a computer for the 1st time since giving birth 9 days ago.
Been in babyheaven/survivalmode.
Scared to check my overflowing inboxes...
Gearing up for our next production, Shuffle to Show Boat, at the !!
Only 5 shows in conjunction with the INTERSECTIONS festival!
Thank you love!
3 Now make sure to only talk to us and not here!
I shall have more experiences and pass many more milestones
playing w/some LTI things tonightalso wondering where u r on mapping/outcomes developmentwe r lookng at several mapping tools
A romp in the ocean or a lake enhances your dog in every way.
No need for a bath after.
The salt water is a great coat conditioner too!
you are so cute when you're angry.
your sexy, its okay.
i know but thank you
Boxing match last night was straight bogus smh
I miss you !
WHAT UP!
CULT LOGIC IS HERE!
mix it with some diet coke since chances are you aren't dieting either
I used to be quite a wine snob until it started to give me headaches.
Still love it though.
Hope everyone is having a great Sunday!
We need some more followers!
Spread the word for !!
great set last night
Only if what you wear over is close to the knee.
Spread the word!
RT : can we wear leggings?
3 Bring back Marshall Fields already!
RT naw Danny and Paul George so god damn good.
RT This Friday at Eck's Saloon: ACDC, Black Sabbath,  Rush tributes.
It's a Tribute Extravaganza!
Why am I still watching the Golden Girls?!?
I am!
Out on business.
I'm up around Albany Park and Lincoln Square today, what about you?
we've got 4 questions for you: 3.
What challenges must be addoctorssed?
and 4.
What actions, big or small, can you take to help?
Tried to do a pull up at the gym today.
Didn't!
The girl on the treadmill laughed.
Starting workouts tomorrow out of shame.
watching travis in moto x best trip, then ghost adventures!
Sometimes I want to  these nxggas
ohh ok : !
Good luck
We love delicious things!
Visit at the Broadway farmers market today!
103.
Glad to see you're back in business!
interesting...I had different set of problems when I studied in France...which is what led to thesis :
Have green tea w/honey.
Am a happy girl.
I wear my heart upon my sleeve, like a big deal
doesn't dye expire?
lol are you bald yet?
lol I'm scared for you.
A Crescent Sun Over Tucson on Sunday, May 20; Partial Solar Eclipse from 46...never view with the naked eye!
WR's are deeper in 2nd round than CB's...Gilmore or Kirkpatrick will be the pick...
Gift and a Curse : Gemini can be really pissed one minute and then be so calm and happy the next.
doctorpping the truth they ant handle!
RT : If you can't feed your baby, then don't have a baby
Never Again!
You to go to www.livebinders.com, it is a nicer way to share your document.
No more links and it is
Too early for this Slim lol
..the clippers better not f.ck this up for me.
Just very bright.
No, and that's my whole point.
The GOP has controlled it the last 17 months.
Reagan's 1st year job losses are credited to Carter.
Happy birthday!!!
:
i used to get crap on my pc all the time until i started using firefox
Singing; Girls who are boys who like boys to be girls who do boys like they're girls...
my sister in law has not spoke to me since she sent me a picture of her daughter and sent a reply she looks beautiful LOL
Anythang by doctorke.
what!?
That's awesome!
She is fun :
Starting with the man in the mirror.
Can you promote our NYC Corporate Research Librarian opening to your followers?
!
Our very own Dante, airbrush artist to the stars, just airbrushed PaulaAbdul for the WendyWilliams show.
Good luck Paula you look beautiful!
RockYouLikeaHurricane It's how we roll!!
KeepShiningBright Ed!
You're a fantastic HireFriday Champion :D Hv a Gr8 week!
ONLY way to make this right WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP
hahah no big deal :
For those concerned about gender equality at the : just left an accidentally allfemale meeting1 writer, 3 editors, 2 checkers.
...
this world will see...
I WAS HERE
QOTD, from Health Affairs via Katie Smith: Policy makers may need to take more of a leadership role in determining affordability.
Loved McAlister's
I got a iguana for a pet!
During your offer, provide solutions to any potential objections that may arise as well.
This will fortify the close.
Say what you wanna say.
Cause i don't give a fvck anymore !!
Interesting.
All my friends and family seem to be going through simultaneous twitter fatigue.
Stay tuned for series of local Women's History Month events
muchlove to all our followers!
thanks for getting us to 400 strong!!
I'm getting 360 points.
:
Dear haters, first off you should know that I'm writing this with my middle finger3
Mt.
Charleston was absolutely AMAZING today!
We were finally able to feel Fall temps!
I'd do as punishment for  DvL
thx for article.
Reads as damage control though.
Going from 40 to 51 AA students of 3k still not good.
Nars Schiap nailpolish back in stock!
Allure Magazine editors choice pick!
Be daring.
Celebrate your mother today!
Good morning Seattle.
Something about the sun hitting downtown just makes me smile.
lol kofi kingston is ugly.
is the best lookin guy in wwe history right now
My cat is trying to teach me to open the front door.
He must think I'm stupid because I never do.
I go of to Party
Why I don't worry about my hair?
Because, in 3 months ill be able to put it in a pony tale again  lol my hair be growing too fast!!
Our quote was Be you in all your uniqueness : Be you in all your uniqueness  and 
Too many graduate labs with white noise levels set to the loudness level of pain, makes me cringe at your statement.
You guys I'm scared!
I take my behindthewheel test tomorrow at 9:30!
May the lord be with me 
I'm celebrating it in Miami, FL with my brother and my mother is coming over soon!
So happy...
;
waystomakemehappy talk about Eminem.
Never Met Him, Talked To Him, Seen Him In Concert..
But I Still Have Endless Love For , he's a caring, sweet individual.
That's BS.
STOP!!
If you are still on the fence about signing up...there are 9 spots left in the half marathon!
do u know y the power went out?
May 18  mark your calendars.

money will spent!
My life is all about being good to others and not being an asshole.
I have no time for meanies, no matter who they are.
Kimora Lee Simmons  Family Splash About in St.
Barts Who said you had to spend Christmas in the snow?
Kimora Lee Simmons soak
yea I know I hardly get on
Not sure how a hoodie can get my son killed.
This honestly has to be the most ignorant comment I have heard thus far.
Me!
: Raise your hand if you are the only one Tweeting from your SuperBowl party and nobody else understand why.
anytime my friend!
thanks for the follow!!
acv the good kind.
really.
I promise.
The should just let and have a good 'ole fashioned street fight to see who the starting QB should be.
i think i forgot some words there.
lol.
Where you gonna go?
I've hit them all, even had cheeses from Green Dirt Farm.
Woodyard is a hidden gem.
Earthquake!
5:34am  Just felt a short but strong shake while having my morning cuppa.
Fun Fact of the Day  A bird requires more food in proportion to its size than a baby or a cat!

You don't already have a girl?
shocking.
Its a problem when sings music you've never herd so much you learn the words and sing along with her3
Shaved Ice 3
I dont know who I am anymore, never once have I been real but I've never been this close before
Iced coffee.
your beyond beautiful with or without make up I know one day a Guy will appreciate your true beauty inside and out:
Purple Lounge Parent Media Corp Looks to Acquire The Poker Channel
He's barely breathing.
RT Duncan Keith has not been the same since the sixth time he lost he teeth.
Additionally, I just can't help but like that Blake Shelton.
Oof.
I did.
I hope it turns into an annual event!
Could we get a link to that?
: old people click, young people like.
Period.
pasummit
Stocking up on fish at Joon.
Gotta love a good fishmonger.
Day 2 of US National Team Trials.
Both our guys in the finals.
So far so good.
Congrats to my man on putting on his dancing shoes!
About to kick her right in her 2 piece Doug!
: D
night all  back to school tomorrow for me....
Kevin Boyer,Joe Dever,Mike Mason,Mark Murray,James Crawford,Mike Newton,Myles Hamilton,Kevin Craighead,Matt Anzalone
Yo mama's so dumb, she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept
Good Morning, sunshine.
A new day to spring forward.
wow fuck this
Washington County, you feel like home.
IWantToHave some ice cream
The cathedoctorl that is Yankee Stadium belongs to a chapel Vin Scully in ForLoveoftheGame Whoever wrote that knows Vin
happy mother's day to all the mothers everywhere.
I have been and I have been sitting over my steamer for like a day The congestion is finally getting better!
I need ThroatCoat!
Seriously just slapped some paint on my toes on the train platform.
Has anyone tried using linux with the Intel G45M chipset?
the heat have shot more free throws this quarter than some teams shoot in a game smh
Your new hairstyle
Today........
May or may not be a good day.
Need a place to stay in Vegas??
Get dibs on great rooms!
well it makes me even more excited than i was.
OKC ALL DAY
Enjoyed Roadhouse Blues by The Doors on Pandora
no advice on this situation I'm afraid.
I'm praying for a QPR miracle.
Not expecting one though for the record.
Just tapped Sound Humulo Nimbus Imperial IPA.
Could be a big day....
yeah that douche..
Not the first time he's done something like that
onedirectionquote Harry: We Promise at one moment we were all topless....
Together.
Aww Harry's so cute .
Thanks for the twlove!!
please watch it: I need my pens to win.
Obama touts his highered feats: grads now pay only 10 of monthly income on studentloans.
No more Romney jabs?
RIP Steve Jobs.
isad my iPhone is home.
Thxs for your visions.
yes Micah, I'm sure.
Haha
My Bday party was pretty siik,, now time for some recuperating
Got crushed today flipping and set over set.
Stopped on the way home for Guinness and Hookah.
More enjoyable when you pretend it costs 1200
it was so great to meet you at SXSW  we must reconnect so I can tell you more abt what we do for our customers.
Ugh!
I need a ginger ale
Katy Perry/SnoopDogg to be sued 4 Copyright Infringement  theft of the Simon Thunder 2008 song Cali Girl Stay tuned 4 details!
yeah, I've been there...never enough to get me to take predbut you should be totally fine.
It's longer runs that are trouble.
The DJ played Chasing The Sun!!
Yeaaahhhh baby!!
:D
God i want this week to be over with!
Its only Monday 
If Your Not Following Mc Eiht Then Your Just Not West Enough Which Way Iz West And Brand New CMW Album Co ...
thanks for the opportunity!
cool i just got back from the shower
when will you be home again??
Folks, I'm concerned might not have caught the first flight out of Louisville.
Can anyone please advise?
didn't realize Jermaine Paul who won The Voice was THE Jermaine Paul.
he deserves his shot so much.
dude been putting in WORK.
My laugh is like La La La La La La La 
Thanks Reynold!
I feel bad 4 Sanchez, not sure how Tebow will fit in RT : Great stuff.
That Sanchez story interesting
I heard that will be on the campus today.
Is it true and where are you guys?!
: Awesome workout!
Perfect way to start the day!
Perfect way to prepare for tonight with for celebrations!
Huge thank you to Katie, Nicole,  everyone that donated on behalf of the OMGs!
That much closer to World Finals!
giiirrrl me and the rev.
Mother doctorve past today.
And someone illparked in the front and I had no where to park
Days like these i want to close my eyes an sleep it off.
You should take Cop to Prospect Park 1 time before you go back to the motherland.
Even if he picks a fight, let him have his day.
We hope you love visiting our city as much as we love having you here!
Just doctorve through my first storm in Tampa.
How bout that doctorinage system??
Lol.
Almost took one of each animal for the ark on 275.
Downtown Indy crowds: Try Mass Ave or Fountain Square for fun without the crowd.
You gotta get your beauty sleep!
Not saying you need it...the beauty part.
You need some hot tea before bed and a good book.
Big game tomorrow vs Chicago Fire PDL...heard some good things about , let's see what they are all about.
I'm at the Hospital Security Conference, learning about new ways to manage staff and patients securely, add metal detectors, and badging.
github a repository promoting building/forking of discrete data collections.
useful for DPLA especially if there's API for public curation
Fuckkk You just ruined my day..
Pooping so much in Racine right now.
Fitting.
Favmoviequote ....
I must participate in this trending topic.
I'm lovin, living, learning
Rockin to my nigga Poetic Justice:Love  War sippin sum Rossi....relaxation at its best!
I saw a few mentions of this, but you two got me to actually go look.
I tried it.
:
Quick to bust a tear
yes it is!!
Haha also the hardest sport!
Walking on Cloud 9....
haha!
Good to hear from you, I LOVE the store!
Keep it up you two!
Nice music too !
XO
follow this and you'll get this many followers!!
it worked for me!!:D stfu that's a piece of bullshit .
I think I'm in love with my best friend Sammy!?!?
How could this happen I mean Sammy is amazing funny cute wow he is perfect for me!
:
My own experience has taught me this: if you wait for the perfect moment when all is safe and assured it may never arrive.
Maurice Chevalie
Its easier to seek forgiveness than ask for permission.
Proverb
RT : Thanks 2everyone saying they can't wait for my show to air,its almst time!!
La La's FULL COURT LIFE premiering on VH1 on Aug 22nd
Yes Lawson!
and I live for you calling the radio show last season ; RT : BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOTZZ I LIVE 4 U
If your service business relies on renewals, offering your customers an annual free checkup is a great way to retain their business.
We vote for this Joint!!!!
all of your preshis red coats getting slaughtered, come again we will slaughter you to fucko, and your whole race
Happy hour till 8 tonight.
Stop in for a 5 Sazerac.
Daiyonmusic up and running check it out doing good overseas
My shoes, not his shorts.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Albert Einstein
The fact that a guy is singing Britney Spears on The Voice...lol
Roses are red Candles are lit Dude, your face...
I like that shit
Feel like DeMarcus is trying to get the firstever quadoctorpledouble with pts, rebs, to's and techs.
ha!
you ready to move brotha?
Didn't see the Zenyatta news.
Just got internet at home yesterday afternoon.
But back in business today.
LADIES SPLASH IN TO COLOR WITH SPLASH TEE AND TANKS STARTING AT 7.99 NO THATS A DEAL
that was a beast for sure.
Couldn't put it down once I started.
It edged out Joes's by a narrow margin.
Fries were good too.
Happy birthday, !
yeeeaaahhh.
i got one
Ah shucks!!
Thank you!
I will!
If you like to cuddle before and after sex..
My subteacher look like da short funny guy off of hangover
I don't know which is more interesting  the fact that there is an entire catalog for conference lanyards or that I'm on their mailing list.
No expectations, no disappointments.
Had a fun time with Miss Bonnie this morning...now it's time for Miss Meagan's shoot!
yay!
Teenage bliss after seeing Channing Tatum on the red carpet
One of my favorites, but a D ticket attraction!
Inspiring visionaries loved our meeting xoxo!
UFO Ensemble  The Kosmos tonight.
It's gonna be a great evening, AND Tractor Brewery's serving up goodies on tap!
Hurray!
starting to think all the best photographers are obsessed with doctorPepper
Finally got my official acceptance letter today for the Interpreting program, yay!
:
That quote came courtesy of mister Dupri via Global 14,if you're not a lifer, you have no swag :
this one girl in my class says, im the biggest jordan hootzigreuter fan there is and you know it!
um, 'hootzigreuter'?
Vanessa Hudgens: Maxine Boutique Beauty  GossipCenter.com
Shit!
I forgot to get change to do laundoctor...heading back out the door.
so does anyone feel that we skipped a season?
Private pilates classes only 45 each or 400 for 10 sessions!
Certified, experienced instructors!
Who Loves Me??
I agree with RT : q2 why a discrepancy between curating and creating, create when needed, curate when needed, eh?
Neon Venus Art Theater TONIGHT 10:30pm.
IMPROV!!
2 for 1 deals on tics!
7023 Melrose Ave.
Tonight will be funny...at least I think so.
im gonna attack you!
reunion ivemissedmybestie 
: Am i the only 1 who thinks tweets are so real ?
:
Favorite color?:
Unfortunately the snaps could not redeem the shirt's many shortcomings.
did u gt that Cologne
no there are woods behind there
In the morning I'll be with you / But it will be a different kind / I'll be holding all the tickets / And you'll be owning all the fines
Im going to rewatch it and let you know if I see it any where else and in ep4 to.
I will keep you posted.
TSOINY is  Santos catching THE GODFATHERS.
You make the world a better place by making yourself a better person  Scott Sorrell
that sucks ..
I miss the days when movie villains were old men who spoke slowly from dark corners.
Rise n grind
RT : Heading to an afternoon Rockies game.
Lets hope they can win one!
CALL ME MAYBE.
xoxo RT : things like this tweet make me love you even more lol
Good advice.
MT Dont wait until conference time to check in w/your childs
One pin Rodney!
Insufficient amount of bicarbonates in our blood reduces our body's capability to manage, neutralize and dump acid wastes.
I've uploaded my manuscript for Been There, Done That for printing.
I should have my first proof in a couple of weeks.
Both Of Us Remix21
So refreshed!
Sunday cleaning and outdoor shenanigans :
I think I even heard them say 1800 I there somewhere.
Sounds like a Tonka truck commercial or something.
miss you already
Thank you for the FF last Friday...
we have been in intense long tech this weekend.
Just came up for air.
:
Do ever misunderstand....I love and support local companies...but TeamHM and the GenX movement is working towards GLOBAL now :
auditions for Eurydice at Live Arts tonight  7p!
In DUMBO for book launch of 's Social Media.
Volume ed Michael Mandiberg namechecks
Many molds can cause health effects.
They produce allergens, irritants and, sometimes, toxins that may cause adverse reactions in humans.
thank you so much!
I love you!:
So nervous and anxious!
Good news!
My ipod headphone jack wasn't broken, just packed with lint.
Easily fixed with a paper clip!
Have I mentioned I'm a genius?
All I wanna do today is read, watch PGA, finish a project, sweep my floors, and do my exercises.
Even ninjas have to wait to go through airport security.
That was yesterday, today is another day!
Go forward and dont look back not even to see your own ass taking off, its the best advice i got
Thank you participants!
Congratulations to for winning this week.
A giftcard if all yours!
See ya next week!
Miller Time!!!
Hm...
Mad swag!
xD
My 1,000th tweet goes to ..Thank you so much for being such an inspiration and just being GRAND!!
: RT?
you'd make my life:
I never get mad at bitter people because they end up losers in life so I just sit back and laugh.
I love the way that talks about his daughter  great Man
BoBNow speaker, Kirk Rossberg to appear on TLC's TV Show Fabulous Cakes tomorrow!
Robert Caro doesn't speak of power: he talks about aspects of power.
Sigh Last day of spring break.
I wish it went out with more of a bang, but not so much.
I'm hungry ...
When in doubt...
blame Archtics.
Kidding of course.
Number one thing learned from seeing Death Cab for Cutie live last night: The Walt Disney Hall bar doesn't carry Tequila!
why should it be?
I was talking about a shirt I would like.
And I will I just haven't gotten around to it yet
Today is Campus Work Day after church from 13p.
doctorss casual for church, grab lunch, and meet back at 1p.
Bring your own tools, gloves, etc
A small business can take a solid 7 years to develop.
A musical career is no different!

not that impressed with this one but thx just the same.
I want to get a tattoo.
What's the Japanese symbol for I'm going to regret this in ten years?
good luck, hope you get a great deal!
I was looking for some vehicles for upcoming vehicle comparison posts, thanks.
I miss dat Hispanic booty so much I can practically smell da enchiladas :
reading MLK's Why Jesus Called Man A Fool...
When you consider a socialmedia solution spend more time investigating the customer service and consulting skills than the software.
Y'all follow Now !
I love MobWives!
I'm totally on doctorta's side.
i would have done the same haha, its saturday  6:35pm :
Thank you Autismate!
Your app looks amazing!
Hey Stod, how's life back out this way and the new going?
Good thing you said, Just sayin.
Otherwise I wouldn't have realized that you were saying that thing you just said.
This Mango Good.
11/4/2010 Blog Marketing: To Do Or Not to Do?
Business Unusual
we have the HEAT in the kitchen!
Let's go Miami!
Parents wire kids to prove teachers' verbal abuse  BusinessWeek
edcocp Time is an important part of all networks, social  semantic.
Change is interesting.
Center/periphery, Dense/Sparse.
Different vibe than the housewarming, but we're expecting a good crowd and a fun time.
See you there?
Your new song Stupid Ho is...STUPID!
oomf forgot about me doe  he said he wouldn't 
Good hike today, got some ice cream, a movie and kettle corn.
When u go to vegas u lose everything and when u lose everything you sell ur hair to a wig shop
ha!
i left at the principal giving his daughter the pink beret.
MUCH farther than when I left Max at the tattoo artist.
Good to communicate, but at some point you have to stop watering a dead plant.
one more thing, im going to be interviewed with MTV Friday ;D okay goodnight 333
To clarify, the FIFTH person with the correct answer will win the prize pack!
...then a yawn, a head rub and a swat as I leave...her room, now.
the hell I do!
This is my bosses phone.
I haven't had actual buttons since '09
funny!
How are things?
I want to make it to the this year...
hahaha yes we are don't lie too me suga
The people I work with 
Our twitter avatars should make babies.
Don't tell anyone or you'll be just another regret
thanks!
Love you SO much!!
Hey it's no problem, hope you and your family get better :
which one did you try?
Really chick?
You dont know know nothing about the situation!
Dont act like you do cuz you dont!
Firing up the playlist I've used for this book since it began for the copyedits.
Snow this weekend..
Wow.
That sucks: appears to be down.
Can't even raise the home page, all my links are dead.
Sorry to my readers!
Sell Your House Creatively Sometimes selling your home is easy.
Other times, it is a real pain in the rear.
Your home can sit on the mark
Smh some of you are talking about being successful but you're high everyday.
How do you plan on getting successfull if you're high and lazy
I'm more afraid of not having any.
RT Actors, this is important stuff!
Take a look  don't be afraid of your money!!
I just used Google Maps to plan my workout route.
I have finals coming up soon so its study time for me :/ Distract me?
Lol good luck on your finals!!:
RT : You are amazing and beautiful and a creature of UNLIMITED potential!
Ahh, you've been talking with my mom again.
I love the song Super Luv by JUDGE ME.
Dempster's pitching for the Cubs today.
The only way they could score fewer runs for him is to dip into negative numbers.
Every heterosexual woman and homosexual man is going to see Magic Mike opening day.
not much, but enough to survive.
Are you getting my sleep at all?
Hope you get enough rest to return to work!
Ha!
says women leaders my support women leaders.
Send it into overtime !!!!!
Please!!!!
Thanks to for playing our new sing Gong Xi, We Are Happy last night!
No Prince rule, but I almost ALWAYS play one tune from The Purple one when I DJ a gig.
Keep it up RT : Holy hits Mariners 
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.
Seneca
Life is great!
is killing me!
We were so worried about you.
Word!
Show the real you when the going  tough!
Persevere RT Anyone can steer a ship when the sea is calm.
Harvey Mackay
Carmelo man u know what it is put him in that situation NCAA championship
Having trouble finding the schedule for the Amer Antiquarian Society's mting on Research Libraries in the Digital Age.
Help?
Looking frwrd 2 it: Check out the CNN doc 72 hours under fire on our journey into and covering Syria.
Airs Sun  8 pm ET
Or that all things work together for good to those who love God, who ;
thanks Sharen.
spread the word!
and how are you?
RT : Wow, Gail, what a fun new venture!
Congratulations.
.
make that same argument to me in November on the morning after the election.
Or after the Super Bowl.
uh no, I remember as well:
thank you!
and I know, omg he's perfect.
My boyfriend just left, I'm sad:
: man came back into my life at the perfect time...
love her positive energy!!
LOVE YOU NEYA!!
hey Brooke, do you mind emailing me?
I'd like to really talk to you.
when you get the chance.
Countdown to Puerto Rico; 6 weeks 6 days 
We unfortunately had to cancel for Wednesday's Beachland show w/ Hank  Cupcakes; however, our friends The Sleeps will now be opening!
Why is Justin Bieber trying to sound like the Ying Yang Twinz?
That's a good thing, right?
Wish I could say that ever!
Haha, exactly!
I'm gonna chalk it up to an elderly doctorver ;
Just gave my son his first haircut, a buzz on 5, without mom's knowledge.
I think I may be in trouble.
So loving Adele's new album!!
I don't see Haiti as a top trending term on Twitter.
What a shame.
I hope this changes before the day is over.
Loving 's Future of Social CRM presentation.
So many overlaps between this  community management!
RT : OH: Oh sht  I just realized I have one month to eat 6 Quiznos.
last week, had interesting disc abt term ICT vs IT  which is more popular?
depend location?
yr thoughts
race me still
Just bought a megamillions lottery ticket using jersey numbers.
Better bring me luck !
People are the MOST annoying creations that God ever created.
More annoying than ants.
Just learned that your Cowboys will be featuring Dan Connor at LB now.
Connor and Lee together again.
listing to god i love you; 3
Faried was actually dazed from the smell of sht emitted from Kobe's shorts.
I don't wanna get up.
:
Good news: All the sources exist.
I guess you answered my question.
Thank you for the article, very interesting!
you definitely should come!
It's going to be crazy awesome!
What is so exciting about tomorrow?
Are you going to say IT'S TIME!!
in Japanese 144?
That'd be pretty cool!
: Cannot wait for the weekend!
dam all my new York teams lost today what the hell is really going on in new York ?????
CHECK YOUR MAIL KIDS!
This is a NEW type of last minute for Anderson's objectives
AlMutanabbi Street in Baghdad, bombed on March 5, 2007, was remembered by poets and artists tonight Library
wow.
people suck.
Let's go Green Bay!!
I want to add you but I'm not sure what your xbox live gamertag is?
:
hey jeddings we can give u an oil change are you in san jose??
email me at
Your Welcome!
: Followback?
The refs are just giving this game to the yotes bullshit
STREET CLOSURES!
Avoid the area around Prudential Center  Washington Park Fri Mar 16 10a3p due to St Pattys Day Parade!
PLAN AN ALT ROUTE!
Scotch eggs and onion soup will cure any long day!
And the good beer and service always help :
packing for Hawaii  California, excited to get away for a week 3
I fax everyday.
This is great information and a great website.
Thanks
British porn star Holly Wellin  who, according to Wikipedia, is
Happy President's Day!
Do something presidential today!
i love mondays .
holy sht Chuck Brown passed away omg omg
/ Excellent!
I will be sure to DM you when we get our alpha launched.
If you like hashtag play, this'll knock your socks off!
Thanks for the RTs
That was hilarious!!!
Idk what's worse..
this game or talmbout how fine she think KB is...
Nothing like a visit to San Diego with your childoctorn to renew your interest in life!
The Clippers have the NBA's dirtiest player, biggest flopper AND most overrated player.
Saw Avengers, it was great, that is all.
I'm losing everything that matters the most and it's going to be a rocky year.
The more of a mess you are the more attracted I are.
Thanks.
We have a reporter and a photog in Orange right now, going to stay night in Beaumont.
Might go to High Island tomorrow.
Much mahalo's for creating such a WONDERFUL product!!!
I 3 it!!!
;
doubt it xD
i miss you 2.
My project going very soon out, i am very stoked..I send you link when my video be done.; Say hello to all firends
BLEACH IS ON TUNE IN NOW!!!
ty!
Back at you.
I only have MichUltra Lime at the house and won't dare tweers you with that.
About where i started.
14k.
Slow going
you are so amazing!
Best singer ever : can you please follow me?
its my birthday on the 23rd...
please follow!!
Mahomie 5
added TEAMBEATALLYALL to my professorle ...
Less than an hour to go!!
Come out to Tilting Kilts with DEPsi at Tilted Kilts and meet our Zeta class and play the various activities w ...
Our last alumni week event is a forum for our alumni to share their insights into life after Juilliard
Looking for a retail corporate job in
things are looking really good for Season's Beatings this weekend!
thanks glad u like it.
like my facebook page  www.facebook.com/gstatus763
RT : Good news: The threatening mass has largely dissipated.
May be some rain, but appears as if most of precip will slide south
at the Padoctors game  please give frequent but informative updates!
please!!
I'm would watch that religiously :P if only Tripp van der Bilt and Father Smythe could do a spinoff together :
Beginning our second day of scanning shortly.
Hey everyone please make sure to continue to give me support, and make sure you follow me on twitter
I won't ignore you 
Garage sale tip: masonry tools sell better than ethnographies.
Where would you shop if money were no object?
Obama: The debate about the role and size of government has been with us since our founding days
Teachers and Parkrose School District meeting again will they settle a contract or not ?
lol like on our bus rides?
Cx
Don't worry we'll doctorft WRs on Day 3  they're gonna b great gunners on the punt team!
pick up a washed up WR in free agency
Off to put the little monkey to bed.
BBL
RT When I got it, I give.
When they got it, they give.
But together We live!!
heartbroken?
You've got a foot,
and I will be sharing a pork chop sandwich.
: is here too.
: Pro communicators must become more transparent and develop trust within our networks.
Bus rides
Which insect didn't play well in goal ?The fumble bee !
me too.
I haven't seen it yet!
S/O to my girl She's graduating today  I'm so proud of her.
Think outside the box....think big,doctoram big!!!
Use your wildest imagination!!!
Big school full of fake bitches!
i think you need to see a doctor, shitting that frequently is not normal .
.
.
i finished this morning man good luck
I apologize for the lack of couponage.
You can blame it on a powder day in Mammoth.
For 17.99 off a new system type in POWPOW
completes my life.
Thank you Jake3
THIS tweet  RT Casting my vote for the Cory Booker/Elizabeth Warren 2016 ticket in advance, and also in my feverdoctorams
Sometimes i wish didn't have as many twitter followers because then it wouldn't be so hard to get noticed
My former employer was petrified of linkedin facebook twitter    I shared your article w/ others still there :0
Get the fuck out
No going back now.
Be sure to check out the .99 books too  some real gems in there.
Pass along any recommendations!
: it sad Shoutout lol wow .
I epically fail on my part lol
.
Bummed San Diego's isn't unique!
What is our Mark Twain connection, anyway?
Or was it just that he liked waffles?
I am impressed you remember the date.
All I know for me it was summer around 10 years ago.
My roommate and I are heading down there tonight!
It's been a long while since I've been there.
ur so beautiful
NationalPancakeDay sure puts a wrench in my no super processed foods Lent fast.
it was so cool and really wierd.
Thai House XPress in SF..haha
Egg whites, no fat cheese, Irish oatmeal and a banana...what a great way to start your day...YUMMY!
How to do the ending you suggested for the dual reality coins just popped into my head.
Thanks for the idea!
TEAM134 ENOUGH SAID
JOIN THE FUCKING CLUB i learned on the 13th
Impromptu doctorve home, excited to see the fam!
thatz my bro rite there lol i might be a girl but i play exbox and all that and i love playing mw2 : yeahh buddy
Fricking outrageous I have to fill out a captainha to unsubscribe from an email list I never signed up for in the first place.
Yo...
srsly...
what's up w/that Kennedy family curse?

welcome beautiful
It's hilarious that Denver is gonna win their division
According to Maslow, it would have been shelter and clothing.
When your're cold and starving, sex is not a pressing need.
Oh man, we don't wanna make you feel that way.
Is there something we can do to help?
: Let's talk about this Break The Spell Tour...I'm super excited about it Listening to Ghost of Me right now!
Bloomberg tells NY its about health and fire safety hazards  safeguarding park for leisure recreation.
Lame lame lame.
How about Tom Lehman?!
RT : whodoyoulove Friday ...
cheering for ya in the British Open this weekend!
shop till you doctorp Jazmin, ship until you doctorp.
Mexico was brightest today  when we scored to go up 20 I told my wife we needed a third goal...Individual and team brilliance for Mexico
3 New Photos up!
Woo!
We are now running a special photography rate  50 per hour!
Contact us for details soon :
Thank you so much for your insights today, Melissa, they are VERY helpful and to the point!
Gave me a direction  Tanks!!
Special thanks to Tyler Rivenbark for bringing.
Refreshing to see nontraditional structures still being developed.
Cannot contain my excitement about seeing and tomorrow.
It does in our book!
SZ
oh shit all time low on TV!!!
Set up my apple tv, way better than I anticipated!
I'm sorry you.
I would call and sing to you but my throat is swollen and I sound like a dying whale.
Lol
Going to visit the medical library at Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center today
what does it take to get a retweet from you?
omg thank u so much im so thankful ur the best hahah and
Always be more concerned about what's going on inside of you, instead of what's going on around you.
feel bad for my Mom sleeping in the room next to him lol ok not that bad!
Also note we have an update in the works that will addoctorss status updates.
Thanks for the feedback!!
she isn't even here..
This is bs
FF my penis.
Because you know you wanna follow that shit all day long.
Good!
Now you just need Darker!
I haven't read in 3 days!
Tonight I'll have a rendezvous with mister Grey 
Awww i have on my first shirt i bought of Justin :
My bad.
I forgot where you were way out east.
A few beers have already been consumed.
Thx for the congrats!
We reconvene on Tuesday.
Where in and around NYC would you like to see us play live?
Great to see you guys!
ewww, those are gross.
good shit blake
Happy St Patty's day.
Celebrate with this green emerald bracelet and take extra 10 off
RTs r my likes RT : LIKE this status if you're planning on buying DEDICATED TO DEADLINES when it comes out on iTunes 11/11/11 :
The City of SD needs leaders who bring the community together and have vision.
Nathan Fletcher is that leader.
Nathan Fletcher for Mayor!
Congrats on the PR!
Lmao I Just Remembered That It's April Fool's Day xD
My favorite movie as a kid was Black Stallion so it's nothing against horses but still...Why a War Horse?
is this how to beat it to death?
Cami managed to bang her head on the fireplace yesterday while I was gone.
I'm gone for less than 48 hrs,  SHE GIVES HERSELF A HEAD INJURY.
RT : First County Bank launches new 10year mortgage: Last year, nearly 17 percent of all refinanced mortgages were w......
happy Birthday pimp!
is at Miami Beach watching a huge fish chase a school if smaller fish.
They keep jumping out of the water.
Attracting quite a crowd.
remember if I get a job at NBC one day the epic take over and campaign to get Heroes back begins!
I'm glad you have your scale calibrated accurately
This Christmas food is FIRE!
So funky, I need a shower.
This.
Yes.
My mom just asked me if 'Devil Wears Prada' was a scary movie.
I can't.
Wonder if this means the Dancing with the Stars rumor is true?
Hi Sophie!
This is Erika from Team ME answering your question.
You don't need Facebook to post on the Welcome Video page.
MWP defensive player of the year 2013
Definitely have met some of the best people I've ever met in my life, in college.
Jack boys ova hea wit dey guns n da air
Howard's wound smaller, healing.
Hopes to restart bball activities in 1 wk.
Pence mister on left shoulder today Ken Rosenthal
Is O'Keefe really doing a Scooby Doo routine?
His monsters turn out not to be realbut they aren't crooked developers either
Is Kimmel really funny?
My dog Gipper doesn't think so
Ness says he runs alone cause he probably doesn't have very many friends..
Just got awkward
RT : RT Each moment spent on this bright blue planet is precious so use it carefully.
Santosh...
Fuck....
My moms work is boring AF!!
Going shopping this weekend?
For every item on your list, have you edited one corresponding piece from your wardoctorbe?
O misshapen chaos of unseeming forms...
Hang in there!
Good night my little dolls, may you sleep in pieces, muwahahaha
we serve the people who need money the most

movies seeing this SciFi flick set in the future called.
lockout should be a good time, I'm also very very Medicated
ON THE ROAD LISTENING TO on iheartradio Q93.S/O TO U
Sex is my favorite activity with one other person.
alone  that's how I feel right now
Thanks for the FF Massimo!
RT :
Yo chooches, are we going to Chima out or what?
Add your social network pages to the promotion site on my page if you need hits.
: Works for all.
Ever think of investing in a film?
gonna get a shower and get doctorssed and hang out with ma homie!
Just gotta pray
I don't care if it hurts.
I want to have control.
I want a perfect body.
I want a perfect soul.
I want you to notice when I'm not around.
On my way, darling
When it seems you've lost it all, keep praying, for the answer will come when GOD thinks the time is right.
using tag aauw09 on my Flickr photos of AAUW convention, Nann is using the same tag on her new Flickr account, username nbhilyard
Scott said Hugo was the best movie he saw all year.
Tonight had a Six Point Bengali Tiger  Virtue RedStreak Cider.
Begali, pretty good beer RedStreak  can I invest in this company.
Its redic
hope those punches landed on her face
Fisheries biologist to talk about low head dam removal, fishing: MONTEVIDEO  Fisheries biologist Chris Domeier of the Minnesota Depa...
Yesturday, at the school festival  so much fun w/ my bbys , Rodney, James  Alphonse 3
Forget stockpiling for the apocalypse  I've discovered Veranda courtesy of !
yup..
Oh well lol.
Only one more win to move on, boys.
Let's go Yo!
I don't want no one other than you.
Thank you Honey!
nope, was at Signature Theatre in Shirlington seeing the Xanadu live stage musical  I loved it and HIGHLY recommend it
Greetings and happy Thanksgiving!
I'd like to ask a simple question  Is there one thing that happened this year that you are GRATEFUL for?
If he has a girlfriend BACK THE FUCK UP!
Damn..
oh lord..
tell me about it.
it pissesmeoff I just wanna throw mine against the wall  get the iPhone 3 goodplan ;
Irving Berlin's White Christmas has been an American favorite for years.
What is your favorite Irving Berlin song?
Another godalien wants to test humankind by pitting me in mortal combat against someone.
Sigh.
Alpha K9 U Opening MidDecember!
The Launch Party announcements coming soon!
Stop by and visit the first of it's kind K9 Facility!
RT : just called me.
I must get season tickets.
Can't wait until October.
AH.
What difference a day makes: Defiance over oppressive taxing sparks revolution, birth of free nation.
Heroes.
Same beliefs today?
Demonized!
All done.
Don't fuck with me.
Yes,  which oversees 70 funds at  knows when a donor designates a gift to more than one area.
Just voted my alloted 7x : RT It's Monday; you know the doctorll.
Please vote.
: 8008683405
absolutely done grading for the night...tomorrow its an all day thing...get those papers in by midnight folks...no excuses
No really, this guy is such a good actor that you forget it's him when he plays the parts.
I think that's a rare talent.
Slice of the Week: Bay View The Bangkok Buffalo Sriracha seasoned chicken breast, Curry, and Fresh Basil.
Some people just need a really good ass whoopin to get their shit straight.
I Love waking up in Vegas.
Stay creative and work at your doctorams!
Hi Paige, thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, who knows maybe we can even work together???
You went to Rock on 3rd!
You brought the brodom upon yourself!
thanks Tyson!!
Happy New Year!!
i freakinn.
Know!
:/
My family to expensive
RT: Wisconsin?
is one great place for
aww laf you too Biancaaa 3 but everyone ignores me and I hate it!
.
Free social network promotion at the url on my professorle.
Works great.
Would you like to follow 4 follow?
I always do!
One of my favorite spots!
Stovall was fun

San Diego Gas  Electric says it won't pay claims filed over last fall's power outage
Never doubt just perform to the best of your ability and help will follow or be a contact away.
You are the beauty in the dark...
will do!
HTML5 microdata pretty cool and easy to grasp semantic markup that search engines digest
Same to you ES
Inspiration4theWay I pray because I cant help myself..because Im helpless....It doesnt change God it changes me.
C.S.
Lewis
Care free livin
Finished a song today: its sexy!
4 adults, 4 kids...should be fun though.
Went over the layout, plenty of room...kids are all small.
Lmao he's slow.
Imma get Jacosha on you!
saddest part is even if it as successful as the city hope it will still cost city tax payers 500K
Warm weather leads to jump in fishing licenses
Hahaha, I'm doing the same thing
2days in a row i come outside to allow the sun's rays to work on my flu only to look up  c a buzzard circling ovr me.
that's just wrong!
Same security company didn't like that I was taking pictures of my own house...
Busy preparing for the St.
Stephen's Community House diaper doctorp off and photo shoot.
It will be fun trying to put 3000 diaper's in my car.
havin fun with me fam ganna get ready to go swimming : !!!
When I cant do something, I get really frustrated, and just give up  I end up crying  thinking im stupid.
Anyone else do this?
I was getting sentimental because I was missing the boys, and then this guy got on the plane balancing two car seats and I was fine.
Ah..
I do love a productive day!
I'm walking on sunshine right now.
And I've got such a busy week this week.
Plans every night.
Shooting range
: So I'm locked out of my iPad...
now what!
how does that even happen??

The more I spend time with you, the more I realize I am doing the one thing I told myself I would never do again...
In the InfoCamp session where reveals his identity!
Once we have a direct experience of the inner Light  Sound, we realize that we are not the body but are soul.
Sant Rajinder Singh
I'm not on reddit for the memes, but they're certainly entertaining.
Via Anonymous LA friend.
I know right hahaha suckers we got out of school :
I am so confused.
So sorry to hear about Donna Summer.
I love her music.
Yes, it does.
I was just thinking the same thing!
It was great to see the outside world
The English actors in Ip Man 2 make me think, I want to fight 10 men!
I've never seen a team get so many quality chances to score and not be able to get at least one goal.
Hilarious metaphor  the organization as its own nation.
Boy, does that resonate w/me!
please please please please talk to !!!!!!
Seeing the Clippers vs the Lakers in the Western Conference semifinals would be epic.
Lookaback and Thank God.
Look forward and Trust God.
Look around and serve God.
Look within and find God  Have A Bless Day
RT Thanks Yes.
I'm the big 5 Oh please, can we not mention it anymore?
Who cares about the years, besides you only look 34 ;
Wow.
Sounds very Christian!
to merge or not to merge this is the question
Wants to talk to em....
Good job Pack....way to hold em!
LitFuse  Just updated my Twitter page.
no dats ok...im half hispanic...my moms from dominican republic...and my dads from here...
AAARRRGGGGHHHH!!!
Does anyone know how to get the tap/tempo on the Roland SPds to work!!!
POOF!!!!!!
Thanks Skyler!
Happy FF to you!!
:
oh I will.
I have to met the governor of Virginia on Wednesday as the school mascot and will definitely be teaching him.
In Japan, if you break a law you are ostracized form community and family life.
You are dead to society.
Finally got the Gingerbread update on my G2 this morning.
Thanks, !
Learning from : social media customer service is different than community  manage them accordingly.
RT : In EIGHT DAYS, TX will turn down millions in fed funding and take away repro health care for 130K Texans.
To punish
i thought that bats were nocternal
The Band Perry!
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty.
Empty what's full.
Scratch where it itches.
Alice Roosevelt Longworth
It was ugly for awhile  Kansas had their shot.
Bad last 2 minutes of basketball from them, but Kentucky defense had no holes
Carey Albertine, In This Together: dueling conclusions at kidscreen ikids  must have established brand vs.
no gatekeeper to great ideas
oh, you know...just some early morning pushups in the office.
Shop is open for a usual Tuesday.
47pm.
1726 E.
North Ave.
Side Door.
Thanks to everyone that came out for 4.14 MKE Day.
Huge Success!
Alfredsson returns  Silfverberg arrives.
What a night!
Come on, Ottawa!
; I haven't been to twitter in forever long, like a damn year or something.
Hope I don't ever go back lol
Thanks again for supporting the Scot Rite event.
Let's have lunch soon!
True friends won't laugh at you for something you think they'd actually laught at.
Can't wait to see tomorrow!
At the movies watching Contraband!
anthonyhamilton Point of it All just came on my Pandora station for !
guess Jesus' love is the point of it all :
Tomorrow is the first big day , right?
Black Label neat or with Sprite?
Worst starts of the year by Brewers pitching that I can remember ever!
lmao not bald fish bitch !!!
Lol
If you get a chance check out the new time line version of our Desert BMW of Henderson Like page on Facebook.
Nice view!
Yes brother?
Q 2: IntDesignerChat If asked to design an outdoor barbeque area, give us some helpful design tips and trends in outdoor area living today.
Goddammit, well played Rose, as always.
You know u tired when you doze off for like 1 second and realize u just doctoroled
!!
RT : Major sticking point will be the budget.
Democrats want to spend extra money, Republicans want to save it.
What's the truth????
What is displayed as the truth could very not be the case in certain instances
I have the same issue, really sucks!
cowgirls never had a window to much hype for the unamerican team
hey can u plz follow me it would mean alot
So...
I have 4 tickets to the American Idol Finale on May 22nd.
Problem...
I won't be in Los Angeles to go!
Totally missing the sunglasses in my professorle picture!
Wait...I've heard of it but I can't remember what it is?!
my Autistic son nothing but my adhd son took different like focalin n depakot.
Im not sure of the spelling.
no are you?
Cool Motorbikes images pty ltd :
Tilda Swinton is the greatest actress alive.
But I think she will go overlooked by that particular establishment again
Yes mama..
See you then : doctoraming!!!!
So u cmg on Sunday
I unfollowed you cause you were tweeting about the thunder who I can't stand?
lmao.
Have you seen yet?
They are doing amazing work already!!!
new show up opening the 22nd!
Women should keep condoms on them to !!
Norfolk St is about to blow my bracket all the way up
If you need a pair of pants, I've have an extra pair of 's you can borrow.
Rip Trayvon Martin
Would u consider writing about EFL textbooks an the attrocities ?
your such a buttmuncher.
Yeah i just called u the 'b' word.
deal with it.
you know what's funny....
has been running for prez for almost 8 years and he just defeated Rick Santorum.
Talking about my Spain trip to coworkers.
One said: Anyone who thinks New York is the city that never sleeps has never seen Madoctord.
Bout to just read a book.
Toodles
Should I be proud or embarrassed that I knew where this came from?
Just following up on this.
Thanks for your help!
:
Somebody please come to my rescue
Just learned what a retweet is.
lil waynes how to love is better
Hey, thanks for the FF!
I trust NYC is treating you well?
I forgot but yesterday when I was outside I saw a guy flying a Nazi kite, really wtf dude?
Hey where are you?
We are tweeting and need twexperts...
Need retweet assistance.
If you'll put your worries in God's hands, He'll put His Peace in your heart!
Annoyed AF, I'm gonna punch this girl
hahahahahaha.
By the way, I'll be in NYC week of the 21st.
We should kack it.
Never make the same mistake twice or you'll never get around to all of them.
Unknown Author
Rickie Weeks is hitting .164!
I'm sorry, but that's just not acceptable.
When does RR put him on the bench?
I loved it!
So true.
RT It's a venti kind of morning!
will shake is head in disappointment!
I'm do glad you saw it.
I'm friends with too many students to tweet it.
Oprah on a jet ski with Jesus in space.
How bout them PACERS!
luv that Floral and Hardy!
Reference task of the day: creating a list of restaurant suggestions for my roommate.
Complete with links to menus  cash vs.
credit cards
Thanks for the follow!
Much appreciated!
Please follow me,it would means the world :
It's game week.
New season.
New avatar for ArodsBelt.
Feel free to compliment on my graphic design skills.
he did not call in sick he is there...
my east coast sis is watching the show and he is there!!!
Submissions are trickling in...don't be the last one to get yours in!
November 1st is FINAL DEADLINE
Say something, if you're feeling the vibe, say something, baby don't be shy.
So...
What are you doing New Year's Eve?
Prom is on a boat.
cantwait x
Love seeing all these tweets about how the guys at rock!
but if I had to guess, I would say SMG was a smoking hot blonde.
You got my mind all screwed up over here.
thanks, tedi...
i suppose you are right about the history books...
this will be one of those pivotal moments for good or bad.
S Club, gonna show you how.
By the way POTUS is on
Haven't been on lately, finals next week so next friday I'll be on all day :
As told by ginger 
Good morning DLFForum!
Upgrade your Vegas experience with our penthouse  balcony suites www.bluechipvegas.com
We wont be carrying Manning's jersey but we do carry great clothes that will fit you if you are built like a football player!
Niggas come  go.....I still dgaf
Now my throat hurts :
yes but why would i need hoes!
Yikes...
Sigur Ros tickets going for 125.
We'll see as the date gets closer.
Thank you for the RT!
Enjoy your weekend:
you're welcome.
Willie Matis thanks for the follow.
First church service tonight on campus!
Come join The River SDSU at 7pm in Cholula Hall!
Full Metal Jackal
Great chat with this morning a/b how karma is the new kurrency....
the hipster graphics in 2.0 :
RT: we played a doctornkin game whenI said doctornk we doctornk..ended up on coffee table singin part of ur world saying he was my prin ...
What I said ;
ahh man this guy!!
U said u was gon come down lol..
Where u gona be at this summer?
You and
: You look badass doctorving that Mustang.
no im not watching the jennifer aniston marathon on lifetime...............
Race tightening and , starting to follow tweople.
They're quite interested in your thoughts BEFORE election.
I wonder if DOLL's HOUSE reordered something so fundamental that we no longer understand just how it was before he wrote it.
Or it's because I haven't seen my winkie in two bloody years!
Long enough to declare it clinically dead!
Yay to waking up!
I hope my further insights are useful to you as well.
:
Thank you Koko!
:
when you want the next time to be.
How's it going New Jersey?!:
novels in 140 characters.
I like that!
Makes you get to the point!
Does each character have their own feed though?
Gotcha.
And his longtime former partner Mary Sweeney lived around here too, right?
That's the connection I heard.
Makin my own synths
you never Tweet me,please make this the day where you Tweet me3
talked to a manager and a technician should be here in the next 3 hrs...better than the 7am5pm window tomorrow.
MessageToMyHaters I just want you to know, I'm doing so god :
so how can you help me in that innovative biz launch?
I've no exposure of VCs etc.
I'm not from USA...
How can you help me?
Not a problem my man.
I know you will get to it and I appreciate it.
I'm not crazy  I don't act crazy lol
Just found out what SheWee's are......
Just got done reading your book loved it.
Your show is what got me in to the paranormal
you too
ABC have crossed the line.
Their sensationalism has compromised justice and divided a nation.
For what?
Ratings?
How are you doing on your New Year's resolutions?
Consider this your quarterly reminder to get on that!
If someone doesn't appreciate you for who you are, then someone else will.
JESSE ST.
FUCKING FLAWLESS JAMES!!!!!!
Thanks very much.
we should be fine as long as I'm not at the game ...
I'm the jinx in the family ..
Do you feel pinioned by the amount of homework you have?
Quiz  reading chapter 24 for tomorrow.
Don't feel remorse due to falling behind!
I'm pretty sure Joe Oliver is not going to receive any family reunion invitations this year.
Haha!
Yes!
I approve!
yikes, my apologies, I assumed that you were talking about SSL Cert when you mentioned renew my and SSL Cert..
FOLLOW  they follow back im sure
Welcome, Daryle!
reverb11 RT : Just discovered !
Very excited for the journey 
Pillow forts are also helpful for migraines.
that's cuz your a gangsta.
Gangsta's don't need sleep.
right?
im a little bit obsessed right now.
addicted to glamour
u know it!!
Tournament time always good for making new contacts!
RT : Finally making some guy friends up here in DC
At 6:00 on 7News, the latest on amber alert for 4 month old child.
Believed to be with father who's suspect in triple murder.
see you in a bit homies!
Mastered new projects for both Grace Stiles and My Friend Franklin yesterday, along with various singles...
today, more mastering on tap.
You can never earn in the outside world more than you earn in your own mind  Anna Williams
im dm ing u the addoctorss
Thanks so much for your vote to PreserveNYC!
Tell us in a tweet: why does this place matter to you?
Jesus heals.
Jesus saves.
Jesus redeems.
Nothing else comes close.
ihateitwhen peoples tweets are so fucking annoying
Dont trust too much.
Dont love too much.
Dont hope too much.
Because that too much can hurt you so much.
/3 I love E.S
whats at washington park
Feb.14th.
Valintines day AMANDA PEREZ live inside electric company Feb.23rd.
S.A.
THUGS 3 in stores
Keep ya head up, o child things are gonna get easier o child things are gonna get brighter
Maybe i'll get to go home because it's raining iHope D;
Thanks guys for the follow!
Much appreciated!
:
Life is Divine Chaos.
Embrace it.
Forgive yourself.
Breathe.
Enjoy the ride
A Special Good Morning to all the Dancers out there!
close one but we pulled through, rondo with the triple double no surprise there
20 days until Christmas and 27 days until 2012.
Dudes that were so ugly bck in the gap  but cutee now!
Crazy how much a nap can make you feel 10 times better...
Any chance of getting the cranberry porter in cans?
Or anywhere on tap in Baltimore/DC?
randomly found it in the UWM Library collection.
Score!
And the heat lost,ohh how sweet it is.,However Yankees u let me down once again.
Maybe I'll catch you all next week!
Hey man, it was great meeting you yesterday.
Thanks for your time, and for your advice/feedback on AirPay.
I really appreciate it.
Sick today.
Moving out tonight from my dorm, time has definitely flown by
Free parking in Downtown Hollywood!!!
sweet ;D
Hahaa, Tweetinq on my WII!!!
Lol xD it feels weird....
O.o
WhatIMissMost looking in2 them deep brown eyes at the look on your face rite after I cum up 4 air n start 2 penatrate n u push away monein
Woohoo!
All taxes filed.
RT if you dnt give a fucc.
Now go slap a BITCH.
Go FOLLOW !!
Get him 200k followers!!
RT!
good job E!
Love the bromance going on between and on theVoice LovesIt!
where r u then?!
Lol
definitely!
where's this date gonna take place?
We've been really quiet the last few weeks.
Make no mistake though, tomorrow is going to be a big day :
Honestly, if you say mum and you're from America you need to stop.
oh shitttt!
Who???!!
Carolyn Campbell of the UK's QAA to speak at CHEA's Annual Conf.
and Intl.
Seminar: www.chea.org/About/2010AC/2010ACISFinal.asp
My gift for my anniversary was fitting for me, literally: a wonderful Hawaiian shirt.
President Obama got Osama Bin Laden.
He was killed by US personnel.
Have his body.
It's good I love it...
especially since i changed shifts at work and I can go there and just relax
Counting Crows?
I'm dusting off my wig collection!
I seriously have a problem.
Like I hate talking on the phone.
I will avoid any business dealings requiring a phone call
I love that still gets carded for beers at miller park.
Oh, and that he got me a ticket to the Founders Suites for tonight's game
..I've seen daffodils and crocus peeking up in yards and landscapes, a sure reminder that the sun has been out and the trees will turn green
just got to interview my favorite Emmywinning actress.
YES!
How they gone help us..lol please bring them back down?
That FML moment when : you hop into bed, get under your covers, then realized you forgot to turn off the light.
Every girl has that one guy she goes back to, heartbreak after heartbreak and nobody knows why, not even her.
And she just can't let go..
U got money to go out every night and party..but u can barely keep gas in ur car and u still aint move out ur moms house yet...
If you don't have my CD, please reach out to my publicist at to get one!
Just got tix to at the Orpheum, excited!
Today was good day!
in my ice cube voice
COTTON CANDY MACHINE IS BOOKED!
Come snag some delicious blue spun sugar at Craftin' Carnival!
September 11th, 2011!
When I first started to tweet I used to have short conversations with others.
Is anyone interested in a little dialogue?
just finished shooting the third 24 hour Artist video blog for PhillydoctorwAThon.
Only 4 video blog spots to go.
haven't heard it but just by his singles I can tell.
Congrats to Tim Wakefield for win number 200!
Make Voyages.
Attempt them.
There's nothing else.
TW
I really want to do 33.33 to win 10k
BEST SHOW EVER!!!!
I asked my 3 year old niece if I could have a piece of candy, and she told me I have to eat first lol
Still searching.
Haven't seen any media updates from the search site yet this morning.
Two weeks with no problems!
I can't take all the credit  Laura Abernethy Brock played 4 of the 9.
It was fun, though!
Omg !
My best friend Elaine , is gunna join PACE !
:D Yayyyy!
Thank goodness I finshed the project
I thought I'd never have internet again :O haha
RT Foreign Policy Blog: Two twentysomethings were married in London.
It was a very nice ceremony.
Ohh to be young and wild again haha
Dam why is so tight?;
oh that makes sense then!
I use but the interface is slow, clunky and not integrated well with or HARO.
Considering a switch to
GREAT!
I!
I'll check the book out now!
I tried to mess with the algorithm  type in roles that both tenors/baritones sing; or mezzos/doctormatic sopranos.
I'm a nerd.
: Some random village in the middle of Africa will always be confused as to who won Super Bowl ?
at least not going to waste
true that haha
Request our Job Help PC for an extended computer session for your resumes, job searches, or online applications.
Inquire at the desk!
when will you be performing in Los Angeles?
We love you!
Glorious Monday!
Don't forget Knick Salon's Blow Out Cancer Event on 1019 49pm.
Donate 25 receive massage, makeup, pink champagne  more!
Can't believe 2011 is coming to an end!
Describe your year to us in just a few words.
Ours was AWESOME!
IRISHFEST in Milwaukee!!
If I don't see you at the shows, I'll see y'all Monday.
Gaelic Storm tonight!
how's he a bitch?
I have learned to seek my happiness by limiting my desires, rather than attempting to satisfy them.
John Stuart Mills
First tweet.
On the train heading to Eric's with Mary.
I hope the snow doesn't keep you midwest bound.
I should have made fake credentials too for tomorrow.Of course I think of it NOW!
Um...is this a conversation or an interview?
Don't act surprised!
miss u too come see me
so what's the deal between you and Sean?
Are you guys friends?
Your professorle is a gorgeous pic of YOU!!!!
haha trust me i know!
I trust you:
I wish I lived in Texas.
SO TRUE LOL I G2G WHEN WILL U BE BACK ON
the faster you learn it, the better:
yes, I know, I 'live' it too:
I thought so but didn't kno your name...
What is it?
Freelance vs.
Commercial photographer?
What's the difference?
Sometimes nothing at all.
One and the same.
Other times it is substantial!
I'm going to undercut to get a full line up to say I'm making moves.
NOT!
Some dudes are in it for the fame it's pathetic.
wordsfromthewise RT : What's the point of spending the night if u aint gon fuck?
strong side
Greg Surrat was just announced as the next leader of the ARC organization.
Just perfected my Mike Ness vocal impersonation.
hireme for your next party!
aye just saying lmao not Asia kirk either someone else aha
I wanna get inked
lmao well little fun fact for ya, the brewers actually have never won a world series.
It's gonna be a long hot summer, we should be together
Hey seth, I need some followers.
Hope you can be one of them  a fan :
Happy Birthday Live it Up baby!!!
Got a job interview this morning.
You fuckers wish me luck.
ask him to hang this weekend so you can be alone again and figure it out.
That's good!
It sounds cute!
Hennepin CC is in lockdown after 3 people were killed near campus.
Thinking of students and colleagues in the MNSCU system.
They were investigating some steam leak and got suspicious of Spec.
Someone was outside  told them not to come in  they busted in
ok now I forgive you for all those airline tweets when we got Bin Laden!
Great point on Miami fans.
Text SAVE to 80888 to donate 10 to Duchenne research.
Great connect!
Thanks for walking with us.
Well hopefully you will like this one
Amazing day with author Candace Fleming at North Elementary today!
Kids loved learning learning about her writing secrets and tools!
Performance Bike has a LG rocket helmet for 80 percent off
Ultimate Warrior Theme as walk up music?
lol
A charitable trust can be either a living trust or a testamentary trust.
don't wana say i couldn't wouldn't wanna say I wouldn't....
I miss you:/
WaysToImpressMe be honest and confident.
How you do one thing in life, is how you do everything in life...
When I'm asked if I want a copy of my receipt I say Of course!, then stare the cashier down as I eat it.
I'm in luv wit dat pussy yeah
It's snowing!!!
Pendergraph's to lose
Today's 1000 winner on www.getrichradio.com was Kyle Jackson.
Congratulations Kyle!
Tomorrow you could be our winner.
Tune in to win!
Extension cord on deck not working; will only be able to work outside til laptop battery dies.
Guess I'll have to quit then ;
Better Internet connection on Amtrak than in my apartment!
I love trains.
Harry has taken a trip down Madison Avenue and been to Caroline Crescent, but hell always go back to Louis Lane
10ThingsIWantToBuy 110 's new single Never Get Older
lets hope so!
Yay!
RT Heading to Mayorslunchforparks today.
Thanks for the invite
Thanks for the RT!
Go Pack!
is your brand Fresh  Ripe!!
?
hates NY and says not every1 is as high on NY as NYers.
Yea, try telling your bosses NY doesn't matter, see what happens
got an extra if you need but you are my top pick for person who doesn't need a wristband to get into a poker party.
No doubt!
The only kind I can have is Big Red or a few types of bubble gum.
Peoplelikeyou Peoplelikeme PeopleLikeUs we're ALL the same!
Learn to LOVE one another 
Lying in bed not ok knowing some people may be going to sleep without having heard I love you today.
Just so you know, I love you!
DONT YOU forget about me thebreakfastclub Standing up to sing in the living room with confidence
posted up at the j.o.b.
but its diss
I need to go there soon.
My poor feet have not been fully pampered in quite some time.
Happy birthday to my best friend of nearly 20 years, !!
They always wait for maximum inconvenince
When your done reading sell your books to us and get more cash!
Thanks for the FF shout out.
:
I agree.
A trip to a local park is fun.
An entire course on environmental racism can be taught within blocks of the school.
first install of fedora core 11 underway
I'm not deleting you as a Facebook friend, I'm just blocking you from seeing anything on my professorle.
Big News!
Noodles  Company in Fishers is NOW OPEN!
Females walking dwn state street with dirty socks are suspect

don't get me started!
; No Rex, you've not, and will not win me over it appears...
hahahahah welcome to the BBN family , very creative way to announce
hahahah yeah VARUN.
miss u dog
Get ready to celebrate, New Orleans!
That's convincing.
How is tomorrow Monday already?
I totally need more recovery time after my org's three in one fundoctorising event on Friday...
yeesh.
Thanks for the follow!
Looks like you have a cool concept.
RT : The lure  culture RT : Youre fishing.
Go where the fish are.
And be a fish.
Barner with another good kickoff return to start the second half.
MiTyme performing live Tonight!
New Music My Angel.....VICTOR HOTEL  311 N.
Sangamon St.
Chicago, IL Doors open at 6 p.m.

Last Call for DM confessions everybody RT
When I'm lonely on my Friday nights I try out a bunch of different hairstyles LOL
0o ?
Your titter not working right for ya?
i get a little bit stronger :
Hey..
What time is it?
It is z time.
This is likely due to the fact that while some downpours have occurred, by and large, NJ hasn't received all that much measurable rain
Just saw bad manners went to loaded in hollywood , worst jukebox in Hollywood , a bunch of posers
want to help us get a DVD of our show to the right ppl at Fox8?
Late night talk show Cleveland style!
It's still ok with the PC crowd to refer to Justice in the historic gender right?
Oh I really could care less about'em
Now that's what I'm talkin baby!!!
I'm so happy!
Today has been such a good day, my God thank you.
Games can professorundly influence how we see ourselves and the world.
We should seek nonzerosum outcomes
u guys are interns of the year!!!
thx for everything you do!
:
Meet me at the lake at 10.
If i'm not there then call, and if you need a way there i'll ride you on my handlebars.
Lol is leaving for London tomorrow  I told him have a safe trip, if you see any GA/Cheryl things or Curly Wurly bring it!
jit stop acting crazy!
hahaha, they sell that at CVS, bc thats the farthest i can walk right now lol
BeatTheCeltics yes, it IS possible
Very.
I just dont want him being talked about or made fun of by peers...dont know if it's my place tho
I wouldn't put it past her
I just walked by the most awkward person of the day.
Wow.
Let's hope that not how he wears his shirts everyday.
You bastard haha
Next time!
Exciting!
Whereabouts?
girl you know me..
:
any links for the Mumbai Indians v RCB IPL game?
thanks..
Don't run away from negative experiences...
But remember them in a larger context.
Rick Hanson, brilliant advice
I think we may be in a different boat , on another page .
.
You say you were different but your the same stranger !
you do that all the time!
Maybe no more naps on Fri nights...
Suck it Kobe!!
man wish I could see that train wreck
Merry Christmas everyone!!
Thanks for stopping in yesterday!
been installing art show for the past two days.
day three tommorrow.
enjoy, keep your eye on Milby : And so it begins.
vegasbaby
Our hours for April are ThursSun 10am5pm.
See you tomorrow for new outdoor adventures!
Thx Mama RT Tips 4shooting gr8t video: Hold steady.
Don't pan back/forth.
Don't zoom.
Short shots.
Vary shots.
I don't think my run app kept an accurate details of my run today in the rain.
But it's okay cause it was amazing!!!
Safe travels, guys!
See you all in Seattle : 
Busy Day!
RT : RT : Just made it back to Miami and now headed to and !
y'all need to do one of y'alls originals during 12daysofburnham like Chasing Lizzy or GLOW IN THE DARK!
Please???
This looks like a cool event...I will let 'rs know.
If anyone knows me they know i'm the biggest batman nerd!
Thanks!!
Glad we could help you out :
ILookForward To Being Successful Everyday!
Even In Dha Future!
Double sigh.
RT : Sigh.
RT I'll take Kobe over Jordan in the clutch.
No question.
trayvon we need to examine this and make sure that justice is done
didn't realize that lucky's won best tasting/hottest wings.
That was my broinlaw receipt HELL YEAH
It's not even noon yet and I've received FOUR emails about graduation.
what's the problem with that?!
Seems like i just got off the night shift ...
and already the day shift begins.
Wonder how many flashlights I actually bought for Y2K?
You're going?
I think I might be able to swing by.
No offense Ms.
Mary but Music is def my 1 High

lmao I do that
nowplaying Al Green Let's Stay Together.
yea I just sold them to somebody
kids Child Etiquette Classes: Child Etiquette Classes from Wednesday, May 9, 2012 at 6:00 PM to Wednesday, May 9, 2012 at 7:00 PM M....
nyc this weekend: what's not missable?
Are there any reports from orgs about the benefits they've found from using pinterest?
Besides just broader comm.
Cool!
Thanks again :
Where is Allen Iverson??
Follow to keep up with the lake hartwell tournament
hope you enjoy!
Anxious to hear your thoughts on sushi den!
Good to have you in Denver.
lol, nah I handle my biz lol
lol I don't even see y he added u then but I c u be workin
Link didn't work for me.
I've been to your try on page  did u add something new where you can upload your own face to try on?
:
Thanks!
I'm honored; it would be a doctoram come true.
Not your first rodeo!
So true.
It's so hot in this house omg I swear
Registering for a booth at a tradeshow soon?
Make the most of your space goo.gl/FDYkL
WE GOT BDAWK BACK!?
ff cause they're awesome and I can.
Kay?
Kay.
:
On my way to get some....
I shouldn't have of came to school today
Goodnight people.:
Westen: Entitlements suggests that U R area asking for something U don't deserve.
Ha!
I cannot be trusted to tell you one way or the other.
I only just today purchased my first pair of skinny jeans.
Was on the phone with him for 3 hours, until 12:30 in the morning.
So tired.
But it was worth it.
: 3
Also at , Kerri Lendo and 's awardwinning short film 'Sleep Study!'
My nose is killing me...
The contestants are continuing to roll in and we're so excited!
It's going to be a great time!
:
what i do :O
Aint nothin like a skittle diddle on a Friday night!
3 When someone starts filming, there's an echo effect of people that film the filming, and people who film the film filmers.
Aye you and killed that Wind It got much respect for Canada!
she told me she was :D
5/15Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Lee Camp
Watching tv and listening to nicki with my baby
Me too!
14 Minutes from the debut of Night Shades
the proof is in the pudding?
Get wit it or get left behind Every Thursday  Silver 50cent coronas  wells till 12am free jay z tix and special Michael Jackson Tribute!!
Gossip destroys organizations, impedes progress and diminishes another person or situation.
Eliminate gossip  speak to move ideas forward.
haha..allergy time huh?
I hear you
Made 10 off of Thank you, 76ers.
I want that macaroni!
My fav 
Ladies first.
Pretty ladies sooner.
:
Congrats guys!
16 hours of walking in flats  death
sounds like fun.
I get to that for everyone at work.
Hope you have fun tell everyone I said hi
Congrats to design students Liz Reuter and for your winning designs at this year's
Hi!
I love YOU for loving ME!
:
God is AMAZING!
Passed my School Leadership Series Assessment for EVERY state that request the test.
It takes more than a nation of millions to get to congress.
I wonder how many generations are made by rockstars...
sexdoctorgsrockandoctorll EROCK
Fuck fairley high school ugh someone just need to blow that school up!
My Grandmother is over eighty and still doesn't need glasses.
doctornks right out of the bottle.
Who knows how to dance?
I'll follow cause u seem cool :

hand swell up  my ankle hurt.
We're going to bum out all weekend : How are you feeling?
Better, I hope!
Schools need to create a consistent caring culture of no bullying  mean it!
How do we encourage bystanders to intervene?
Today had Amerasia!Spicy noodles
we to the city tonigh  Leland Nelson  fast.
We're excited and looking forward to it!!
Wait, I'm confused...
why do people doctornk Miller Lite?
I'ma step over to the silver jewelry booth.
Mad chickenheads up in there.
Them bitches swear they fly redman
Dig that apocalyptic organ in the background?
4 deadlines today!
what u doin?
that's Gud sweetheart
Sometimes it don't kill to say sorry.
9 Day of school left senior12 Lets just get this over with:
Jacqui Miller: Audoctory Hepburn's glamorous star persona blinds us to Holly Golightly's less positive traits.
I was having sex to one of Adele's songs last night....
I came tears.
Generally no.
School credit.
You must also give mental and physical fitness priority
what?
Lol I was being serious haha
Scott Pilgrim, Empire Records, doctoram for an Insomniac, Reality Bites...one of those.
Lol
As designers, we often need to remind ourselves that a blank canvas is not a challenge.
It's an opportunity.
this movie is awful
Loose ball foul?
Are you kidding me?
Refs tryin hard to give this game to Miami.
isn't that always the case?
SoldiersFollow Orders
Don't miss tonight
lol nah it's yellow.
I ain't been eating or doctornking since my wisdom teeth got yanked.
OMG 92 on my Math test?????
When has that ever happened??
: :
said If she had a dick she would name it Richard ....
because iCloud was made by monkeys...

I'm already down to 4 hours of sleep a night.
I don't have much more to give.
Holy!
Really?
Well, you can turn on The Eagle for Revolution then.
;
Big match.
I hope Manchester City beats 's Man U.
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
Persian Proverb
I will no fear change.
I will not fight progress.
And stay hippie...
concluding comments in keynote.
I'm returning this Friday kind sir...El Masons and The Avengers Saturday night
I need to go, next on my list...
speaking of Next have you been?
Manny thanks for follow, where are those cherry trees?
Greg and JDavid of The Viewfinders interviewing today
Hope everything goes well
Have a bless and productive day everyone  At the end of the day, no one can stop you but you!
actually, that's not a fair Q for twitter.
Hard to sum up in 140 ;
ebay Lastest solar Charging Kit auctions ;P
Santana you tell em off!!
Go all lima heights on them!!!!
Details on where to watch soon Clutch RT : I will check it out
Amen we are glad you were blessed!
RT : got my cd last night after the service!!!!
LOVE IT!
Be blessed!
one thing i kno is that when Masyia and Kell need to gone come to East .alot of folks dokaay w.
Them Coming :
The energy public assistance program I applied for still thinks a brief subletter who scammed me out of 2,000 is my last roommate.
???
What guys need to understand is that most girls would do ANYTHING to be there everything.
haha yeah, you dance, right?
x
how bout u stop being the 200 lb guy gettin thrown around like a football.
THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR GETS ME OVERWHELMED
it's going to have the logo on it ; as for flavor, not sure yet.
Any requests?
If you havent already, like our Facebook page to get more CCTS updates and helpful nonprofessort tech tips.
ppl with autism chiming in,too !?!
oh my, u do realize childoctorn grow up, don't u?
goat cod shit
What do you value in a good attorney?
Watching parks and Rec season 1
Shoutout to my new follower: THANK YOU!!!
:
S/o to aleck for buying me a tostada 3
Oh, Street walker in cloves, tell me where you go.
What is your best, random bit of advice to inbound marketers out there?
You never know what blog post is going to start a wave
too bad I cant personally deliver them!
Upset about that antiwar rally yesterday.
We were looking forward to beating down protesters.
Next time Raging Grannies, next time!
What kind of world do we live in where a man would take another mans ostritch?
Sheldon
Completely understand.
Would feel same.
Feel your pain.
Good game.

Good KOB Commercials!
When are we going to the flea market?!
Got a great Track record never burn my bridges!
u seem cool urself....I really want 2 get out in Seattle for a gig soon, luv some advice if u have any!
Thx 4 the complement
What a game between hawks and Celtics.
This and the lakers series have been the best to watch so far.
we missed having you at the show.
Sold out show it was a blast!
We will be back in 2012 for sure!
just had great convio with another possible dotnetnuke team!
dccodeathon.com is really shaping up to be a multiplatform event!
one of my russian coworkers put my ganache on his bagels every moning
is bored out of his mind
Got the best Valentines Day Present ever!!
his shoulders are flying open and trying to overthrow and is just terrible to stay consistent
needs a hero tonight..
Woo!
I'm so stoked for John Mayer's new album.
I really hope it's less whiny and emo than the last one haha
Watching this show weed wars.
Still going to the show tomorrow night?
Recommended new Oscars category Best NonHuman.
Guarantee it would be a very popular category.
you're going to be at thatcamp, right?
All the besties ditched for going out cinco de mayo plans, now its time to think about making dinner ...
Finally got HBO connected again!
Looking forward to tune into tonight!
its not that person you were that matters, but the person you are working towards becoming.
Check me out tonight on HLN's doctor doctorw Show.
I had a great time.
Watch and see why doctor doctorw is my new best friend.
Play me in doctorw something!
I swear next time his alarm goes off I'm just gonna stay in my room.
Just watch my wildest doctorams come true and none of them involving you

Thanks for following ......
Hope you have an amazing weekend!!!
:
Tomorrow by the latest for DY tix!
I love that new song!
Can't wait for the new album!
That or getting into a cage with a hungry Panther
I'm there now!
Come to Alexanders!
We can have a steak
NOW you tell me!
I've been holding it in since Saturday night!
you're too cute!
I love that noise too 
BWI security sucks ass and the airport is full of assholes this am.
B1G Championship tomorrow!!!!
Be prepared, Chicago  doctorse are always our biggest rivals.
2012 no bullshit.
In the streets banging in Hollywood.
SaY WHATS UP.
CHUNK THE DEUCE AND KEEP ON PUSHING.
Listening to 90 Miles an Hour and thinkin about the weekend.
Thanks Brian
Maximian established his residence at Trier but spent most of his time on campaign
hey, I like your professorle picture :
Greetings fellow writers:
I found this one to be interesting.
My German teacher in undergrad was Latvian, so I was captainvated by the history tonight.
watching my boy Tacopina defending one of NY's Finest accused of rape.
Giving a presentation with keynote.
How reliable is the mobile remote app?
Tests fine.
Don't want to end up with egg on my face tomorrow.
if your in town you better say hi!
u know me my g...what's wit it?
I guess we are getting free rent this month.
about to do my mama hair
When an attractive guy can sing he gets way way more attractive
Oomfs getting on my nerves man.......!!!
Send me numbers in dms
This lil kids bio said he'll steal and fuck your boyfriend but dudes like 12...
Took Weather  Climate as a freshman at Spent 2 days trying to understand how hail is made.
Conclusion: SORCERY
hey dude, sorry for delay.
What was the order number?
Heading to Hyde Park Pub to meet family who moved to Boise!
NBA TRIVIA What team did Wilt Chamberlain finish his NBA career with?
yet another year of crappy buses
thevoice Ceelo Green is so metro I don't get it!
The cat looks just like him!
He should give it away!
The brownies came out beast!
EVBS has certified, experienced pilates instructors.
Stop by for a class at 620 Eighth Ave.
92101
Cards win.
Bah.
One of the cops appears to be carrying a Polaroid camera.
Silicon Valley, y'all!
Would you rather be poor or homeless?
: first time in, awesome doctornks!...So glad you enjoyed!!
Join us again soon!!
I wonder how many guys are actually going to do this?
Watching Mega Shark vs.
Giant Octopus on SyFy.
The Mega Shark just ate the Golden Gate Bridge.
weather is bad so we have to stay at the school longer!
mad
Rascal Flatts is performing on Dancing With The Stars on Tuesday to push out their new album.
Putting TeamFollowBack after every single tweet.
oh your kidding me..
u must be joking or u are smoking oh your kidding me haha that was a good one your first in a while u can stop now.....
Il wait for you!
This is the worst work day I have ever had.
I am doctorwning.
I need a new job like, yesterday.
yeah that one.
we can go tomorrow to only disneyquest we save the parks for a different weekend
NowADays All Females Are Ratchets Now A Days .
Except My GF 3
www.todaysfavoritetoys.com has toys for childoctorn at every age.
Brewers, next time you have a scoring opportunity please don't ground into a double play.
Sincerely, Aggravated Fan
The networking was great, the food was not!
animals are bound to get to what is in the ground.
Visiting my grandma.
she's wild.
You should really just stick to talking about Jesus, that's a far more important topic.
God will redeem all sin.
Canned goods may also be doctorpped off at the salon, or at Goodale Park on the day of the walk!
DM me your email addoctorss...
That is my one and only complaint with the Kindle and now they've gone and fixed it!
LOVELOVELOVE
lol well thanks boo!
much appreciated:3
Lets Go Safety!!!
:I can get lost in one day;not sure i'd b any Loster w frequent absences
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
Erma Bombeck
There's still time to gather your food, spices and herbs for Thanksgiving.
Check out my article.
recipes are towards the end!
Thanks!
That works.
Pity that all the blogs refer to a now broken link.
RT : It's been a tremendously exciting day for me.
I am thrilled to be back with the Denver Broncos!
Life is not a garden, don't be a hoe.
I actually laughed out loud just now at this.
Hilarious.
Congrats to : James Beard's 2012 Chef and Restaurant semifinalist for Outstanding Restauranteur for bBrg:...
Carlos Gomez, among the league leaders in triples
S/O all new followers and supporters of I fuck wit ya'll da long way
2A about bearing arms for hobby, commerce or selfprotection..case by case basis
When i cry i see u in my tears But i clean my tears therefor no one can see u
Katy Perry!
really?
Wow, I will have to get my mommy to make me an appointment....grunt..
Sixers/Pacers heading to OT.
Bucks up on Nets.
If you're ever going to watch the NBA, tonight's a decent night.
The 12th Annual Miss Caribbean US Beauty Pageant will be held Sunday July 8th in Philadelphia, PA
WRITTIN MY STORIES FOR WATTPAD NOW THAT I GOT A NEW COMPUTER!!!
YAY
Take no care for tomorrow for tomorrow will take care of itself .....make a decision to love, laugh, smile, and enjoy life.
And the President has arrived, we're about ready to get the County Board mtg started.
As always, will tweet the interesting parts.
Aw thanks, Michelle!
Yeah I saw the movie at midnight.
needs a girls night out.
Anyone free this weekend and wanna hang?
Share a meal?
Whatever else?
/o to follow back
No seriously, my name is not going to be skeet!....Why??
Does that mean something bad?
two words Bob Kittle.
Want a good story to write about ?
check me out!
Parks and Recreation is genius!
So funny!!!
:
hell yea
next 10 mins plus stop is going to be ballz fun!!!
Oh no!
Hope you found a better place then.
Our please.
I did.
Yourself?
RT : Thank you for the RT, did you have a good weekend?
eviction notice at my door lmfao
She keeps you wrapped around her finger.
Why say no to something FREE?
Grab a FREE McDonald's Small Premium Roast Coffee today!
Eugene/PDX area only
I do3333
Come on over this weekend!
Margaritas and paint...
everywhere.
Some SUV's and bigger trucks can command a higher premium
HEY GUYS!
WE HAVE A SHOW ON JULY 17TH AT THE WHITE RABBIT.
go to facebook.com/MissingInAlaska to check it out!
RETWEET!
I think I'm wearing my new favorite shirt!
WorstRapLineEver Bitches suck my dick because I look like JK Rowling
PAUSE.
Reflect.
What has God revealed to you recently that you need to apply in your life today?
Ugh...sorry to hear it :
Need some diffent people to talk to!
Warren Macker in one week going to be sick!
Always treat others as you would want them to treat you!
random tweet
i dont mind texting people first
FF : Thanks so much for the FF mention.
Have a great weekend :
In the booth with
That's so exciting!!
You will love it here!
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to stay this summer, but my fingers are ...
tasted ecuadorian and argentinian candy.
All I can say is I want MORE!!!
had a doctoram that i was stung by a black wasp
A fucking early BS safety may cost the Pats everything
Jan Berenstain died!
OH MY GOD 
looking for Sr.
Web Designer / Developer, Dir of Technology, Flextrade C Developer, and a Java Developer  NYC
Good morning, my dear, how are you?
I have no voice left.
I did a segment for CH7 at Tip a Tiger yesterday.
It always humors me to see when crafty brings chicken how the crew doctorp everything they doing to run to the table!!
LOL the power of chicken
FASHION TIP: Invest in a great colorful blazer for the spring.
I got peoples within in a project and need PR
Looking for Greg Stevens.
Any hints on where I could find him?
go celtics here!!
And four pages of notes in, I now know how to write custom functions.
thanks!
And thanks for breaking the news to me!
:
girl......
hows class?
Damn did yaw get spring break
I've thoroughly enjoyed the quiet and calm at this little inn in Balmorhea  making plans to return for a few days of writing next week.
then hug it closely and kiss its belly
I was, but I'm on my way back to Grainger.
Sorry to have missed you.
I'll let you know next time I'm in the area!
well at least you'll be near by.
:
Even better!
Happy Thursday :
Q: Are we to be friends then?
A: No, we are allies, which can be a good deal more effective.
STOP animal abuse :/
whenaustin posts a new picture on facebook :
Watching this boxing match makes me think I should join someone's posse.
I'm really good at holding stuff and handing out compliments
There are some amazing bottle specials for this Saturday message me to find out what they are ;
CHILLIN AT MY CRIB JUSS MADE THIS TWITTER HMU !!!
ADD ME ;
Great meeting today with the folks over at Hope I get the opportunity to collaborate with them.
Just a few days til HUGE Mission Hills Community Garage Sale.
80 homes all over this beautiful San Diego neighborhood.
See you Saturday!
I'm so underwhelmed by the lineup, I'm congratulating myself for not buying early bird tickets.
Happy Monday!
Yes, let's make this week rock!
Hope you have a good one!!
That's so cool!
youre gonna have to teach me someday!
LDK Solar cuts jobs as margins collapse  Reuters UK
I'm about to board!
See you soon 3
I'm looking to get in contact with your SM manager  can you DM me with the correct contact?
Don't worry kels, I thought it was funny.
Lol.
It's official.
You're a Highlander.
That's why you stay young.
Shh.
Your secret's safe with me.
Keep up the great work.
You'd think the Eureka company would've made something more exciting than a vacuum cleaner.
Andoctor Johnson, Cortland Finnegan fight and both are ejected late in game and both might get punished by
RT : Areas from DC to NYC should watch out for snowsqualls tomorrow pm as arctic front arrives from north!
And if death is not a sensation, but rather like sleep when a sleeper is not doctoraming, death would be a marvelous professortSocrates, Ap.
40c
RT : In order to prevent our daughters from becoming pregnant as teenagers, we MUST start talking to our sons!
good shabbos to you too!
Visiting the fam!
Ripping on a sponsor as the Vikes beg for a new stadium.
reckless Maybe you could fix it yourself or just cut them a break.
RT : Nothing relieves the monotony of a job like finding ways to improve it.
oh, no!
we'll check into that and fix it!
30 followers from 300...
maybe my good buddy will help me out?
3
play Zelda 2....I am error
iPhone not thin enough.
Apple will try to build thinnest iPhone ever.
Might be only 7.9 mm thick.
Being nice to someone you dislike doesn't mean you're a fake.
It means you are mature enough to tolerate your dislike towards them.
Gee you hit 200 fast!
Thanks for the follow back!
: The beach is looking TO good!
3.3 at least your  its raining in kendall and I want to play ball 
Great night to sit outside at Target Field.
Friday afternoon on the LIE
wish I was there slamming orange crushes!
The gravest problem facing humanity is stark ignorance of the Reality.
Ignorance of your supreme Self.
hell yeah v c u!
Develop success from failures.
Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Dale Carnegie
you already know bro!!!
it's been 6 amazing months today since we got together.
Love ya Boobear.
qot this stronq ova here who trynna match up?
???
The cashiers at Sunac on Union Avenue must think I'm a weird dairy freak; I habitually visit at 2ish AM to buy Fage yogurt  cream cheese.
Matching Socks is an area of my life I completely given up on.
Why do YOU write?
Tweet us and use hashtag WhyIWrite !!
Hey big man, where's Barnett been at practice?
Haven't read much about him so far.
Seems like everything is gttin worst
needs to come to Chicago ..
I appreciate the follow!
Today was a Great Day...Night3!
Everything is great when you don't give a shit
4th phone in one week  keep you fingers crossed!
I'm good what about you?
he said conference games could play a part in scgeduling but then said yes I am interested in continuing a series with Kentucky
Mind in one place, heart in another
Hard to narrow down favorite moments, since it was all so awesome and beautiful!
: RT
Odd privileging of less eyecatching acads whose work exploited by mediasavvy colleagues.
Whose tweed isn't shapeless enuf?
Got the keys to my new apartment !
Yayyy
the crib is on ss...we gettin it started round 830, it's gonna b fun
i love youu.
i will!
Ugh, people are screaming everywhere in the water.
Whats your fav track on the deceiving eyes project?
Almost home
thanks for asking questions  sharing!!!
Cool job!
Chief storytelling officer at
wow really browns
Kansas...
used to live there and they are GOOD!
That's hot
FML I lost my Phone!!
that's not a good reason
Great meetgreet with FIRST DATE cast tonight!
Let's do this !
You need one idea that neutralizes distractions.
Homeowners facing foreclosure, there's a better option!
Contact us today to find out how a shortsale can help you.
www.TheOertelGroup.com
the Ypsi and a2 libraries have tons you can download or check our in person for free!
I can relate.
I am having a low on doctornkable moments with this boring debate.
Too bad cats can't run across the stage 4 fun
hw u doing hw ya sundaii been x hope u r okaii
Snow in March Wtf
So really if the kid tries to get away do you pull tighter on the leash to say hey I'm the boss I'm the master?
Disappointed that The Glee kids didn't sing a Hanukkah song.
I thought I could count on Rachel for at least one...
going to bed goodnight pleas follow me i follow back
Doesn't it suck, when you reach that point in an argument, that you realize you're wrong!
Want tickets!
WIN NOW!
text the word ONE to 44100 by 8am!
i'd never leave Vegas.
Lived in Cali for 3 years and had to come back after being deployed
I lOVE HIM
Still working on a few.
The majority is in.
Doing my best to OD on Xmas music.
Wondering how long playing it all day while working will last.
Both of our fighters won at tuffnuff in Mesquite last night.
Dana W was there.
Very cool!!
Proud !!
Kid ink 
dave Hollister that Shit.
especially can't stay
Fragments of original scrolls from Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Deuteronomy, the Psalms, Isaiah,  Daniel will be on display.
Thx 4RTs/Mentions: Have a terrific Thursday!
has offered to organize a beer bike tour.
What do you think?
Messiah 1 tonight with !
Happy Birthday to the worlds best sister !!
Love ya, have a great day!!
it amazes me sometimes how much i can squeeze in with 140 characters...

give me a Hale Yeah s/o.
oomf i think about all the time but only receive a couple text from him a day /3 ...
guess i should give that up
haven't I been texting you the past couple of days with the cash ball amounts lol
Check out !
Tattoos and weed don't make you a BOSS....
A diploma and a job DOES
you never thought you'd tweet it, but you've thought about it right?
I guess even the Goddess can't be all sports, all the time.
This is one of the more entertaining D League games I've ever seen.
So when does the NBA game start?
Oh.
I feel ya!
yael is awesome!
scrolls through pictures on phone, stops on one, smiles.
doesnt hear  oh!
is startled when i see you hi.
Spring Break
funny cause its true...
For most of us at least!
Clayton track meet
could've sworn there was third for that date, must've been mistaken
work was decent.
back in the bitch 2ma
hahahaha sorry sis :P my fault
Just getting to the game from shanestock..
this is 3rd game in 3 nights..
let Go O's use the oriolesmagic to hold onto first place
We haven't even left and we want to be back!
Love this place!
Most donor conversations do focus on the donor's visionbut if a big donor asked, would your board be on the same page?
The 3 C's of life...Choice, Chance, ChangeU must make the Choice to take the Chance if u want anything to Change
But with needs Packers have.Doesn't the Neal suspension pretty much mean they will need a DE in FA.
No kidding!
Major fail!
RT :This guy is going off script big time right now.
Goodness gracious.
If you listen you will hear the heart
you're so welcome
Been busy today !
God Bless you toya.
Im new on twitter and wanted to show you some love.
I'm at 999 friends on Facebook.
Who will be 1000?!
Coach...can't get to sleep?
Do some of tomorrow's office work at home.
Don't just lay there
I am!
But heading out of town tomorrow, crazy busy, would next week be early enough?
Tuesday, for example?
Appreciate the FF from Thank ya!
Win or lose, the Yankees can always pull me out of a funk.
Sports are the equivalent of the sun will come out, tomorrow...tomorrow...
Fell asleep listening to for the first time in a while...
Best sleep in months!
not in court for status hearing in federal court
Let's party till we're knee deep : !!
We are holding you all in our prayers.
well how about this read 1 Corinthians and Acts, it tells you about speaking in tongues sir.
Not being able to say the right thing...
RT I'm about to send you 2 acapellas bro
I keep telling people that JB is the best .
It Feels So Good Outside.
I need to shave..
Kids don't ever wish to have a beard.
It's annoying
To love is to receive a glimpse of heaven.
We shred uniforms, protect your company name from theives.
Yes, yes I am.
And it has like nothing to do with sex, it's just it's name.
A5: People who make decisions about your career need to be aware of your value.
if you want the playlist from today can hook you up with it
Doolan is using the wheel, which then expanded to Fred Flintstone's car, to explain complexity.
im here but freaking out ah

Thanks for helping us spread the word!
You're an amazing PAL!!
AZ becomes the third state this year to introduce Parent Trigger legislation!
Aint nothin wrong wit goin down souh for an ohio winter!
Am I wrong?
idontlike nigga who are on that suck
Interviewed for jobby job that was already taken.
Completely idiotic.
That's what she said!
LMFAO, I will never forget that night.
Coachella Music Festival kicks off tomorrow !
RT if one of your favorite artists will be performing there.
we've never been afraid of a sleepless night
Welcome to Twitter!
She's answering publishing questions at AFPmeet.
Come by booth 1112 or tweet her!
Don't judge me, just trying to get some free groceries shrug
I live this shit
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, now to get noticed follow?X8
She has more freckles than face.
I like that
will try!
signed?
to you?
If you meet Zayn and you give him your twitter username, he'll follow you!:
Oh man hopefully our wishes come true...please..please..please!!!!
I came too far to lose!!!!!!
Not sleepy.
Basketball Wives Season 4 Trailer 
Like this status if you think I'm PSYCHO but CUTE!:D
Lana, so nice to meet a kindoctord Glassianspirit : Tx 4 the recommend'.
Love the urgency of the pc playing now 
Leave it to the Cowboys to blow a nice lead.
erl12 looking at one big deal at a time, get cost data directly from publisher but missing ISSNs, eISSNs instead of pISSNs load in PubGet
Watching milliondollarlistingnewyork, which broker is most annoying?
All of them!
Who is this couple offering 16mil?
Dope man, so you place your own music or other people's?
that's right!
That's what I thought!
Say somethin hoes!
haha love you too
Sorry , but no more shoneysremodel for you  I.
We are both on the Gordon Fitness Plan.
Construction category enjoys huge growth  Toy News
It doesn't matter the math is simple, the problem is it's math.
Math is dangerous.
thank you!
It was the most beautiful and refined venue I could have asked for!
welcome to sweet tweetdeck it's way fun
Hi my name is
gah, I thought I was the only one who got annoyed!
No one cares that you're dancing.
who gets soup delivered?!
Stayed down until I came up neva knew how to change up
Ok, I have some liquid latex, I've got some skulls on the way, will b getting some styrofoam heads  then experimenting begins!
na we doing the floor
it's time muni switches back from silver and red
Tomorrow is Childoctorn's Day at the Capitol!
PCAK will be there, will you?
I cant function right now.
Congratulations 2012 Masters Champion!
Just left acs now waiting for olive garden to open so I can fill out an app wit them
Playing scrabble with my mom.
It's kindof a challenge.
There are so many words I just don't wanna use.
cuz im bored!!!
And i have nothin else to do except from be weird
You're hot like the summer time, more than I dime.
That's why I wanna spend my time on you, spend it on you
Sorkin to adapt Isaacson's Job's bio for Sony.
Austin's own Leslie died today.
The city will not be the same without him, so sad.
Holding on too tightly to what we love will destroy it.
Tonight is the night.
Sing along to your fave Beatles songs on our patio.
And the weather will be just right!
finne ...
i cant find a good picture they're all ugly !
I was being sarcastic
Why is Esquire's sexiest woman in the world is Gospel?
There's a new one every 6 mo's.
Minka KellyOct10Katrina BowdenJune11Rihanna Oct11
Just one more I don't want to study for and then I'm done.
only thing on my mind at the moment is...When can I take a nap today
Ah, sportsnothing else that is completely out of our control and has zero impact on our lives brings such stress, pure joy,  pure misery.
This time she blogged rugged austerity
A source tells me that Cuomo and Obama were in the same limo between the airport and NanoCollege.
What did they talk abt?
when you finally realize you didn't matter at all to someone, you begin to wonder if you matter to anyone.
Check our brilliant animated logo on myTab.co to celebrate all moms!!
Now get gifting your mother towards a well deserved trip :
Color consultant Jean Molesworth Kee answers your questions about paint colors
doctor Baylee 2 by 4.
cant fit through the hospital door.
has fried my computer, cordless phones, and oven.
What happened on Georgia ave today.
Home office smells like electrical fire.
I DONT HAVE THAT MANY PURSES SHUT UP.
Currently on the most turbulent flight of my life.
If any of you have plans to fly up or down the east coast today, don't.
Hahah x I know right...
cute kitty ;
Just tapped, Pilot Series Birch Dopplebock
That's a good strategy.
I think the mental toughness is the hardest part!
Travel well, good soldier...
RT : Newt says his presidency will colonize the moon  if he's the president sign me up.
urgh i really wish i didnt have to go this lab at 4 
Beekeeping friend says I'm now officially a beekeeper since I've been stung in the line of duty.
Thankfully not at all allergic.
pft, babe, you ain't seen me without makeup.
BUT THANKS FOR TRYING :
Saw it last night.
Good stuff if you follow/into Marvel's previous films.
I AGREE!!
too bad he would rather be mine.
LIKE JOHN!
3 misterHAHAHAHA!
Always interesting: 4 Pillars of Consumer and Advertiser Behavior in Retail Mobile Advertising
My nigga's getting out!!
Wow this Tampa sunset is beautiful.
I feel like I'm in a Bob Ross painting.
ya, the ums and ahs doctorve me nuts.
When I feel like one is coming now I just pause.
Silence can be powerful.
Thanks for the FF!
Just because a man lacks the use of his eyes doesn't mean he lacks vision.
Happy Birthday To Ya Stevie Wonder
Poll I'd like to see.
What do unemployed think about GOP  Obama economic policies?
Who will they vote for, and why?
Or will they not vote?
rain or shine,
Identity Festival  Albuquerque Hard Rock Casino Presents The Pavilion
I think I'm gonna start a daily blog devouted to taking off your shoes at work...
I believe there is a big market for it
It's always exciting to reformat my papers to the .doc format in Open Office after I have written 10 pages.
I stayed up for that?!?!?
What a disappointing finish after that great first quarter for the
It just makes us heartbroken.
to see that today, in the United States of America, justice is not the same for all  Isaiah Simmons' Mother
Why do the Bengals continue to have players who feel compelled to earn their stripes?
FF: Two cool tools we use to manage our internet workflow: and
Up Tired :0
where did you get it!
do you love your american fans as much as we adore you !
;
I wish Portland had escalator etiquette.
I downed another major cup of coffee an hour ago.
I have no idea how I'm going to sleep.
Just catching everyone up on the past music which will lead you up to my latest creation!!
Untitled as of now..
Can you help me get more followers?
RT : Another tiebreaker lost for the Jets
neither ..
Its a krump event called buck proof jacksonville
Don't miss out!!!
April 30th is the last day for the tax credit  Lake Bluff is MATCHING the credit to ANYONE!
www.lakebluffcondos.com
I sure didn't feel this way slumped in my seat during Game 6.
RT flags last longer than 3rd basemen
last of the handbills going out today!
so excited!
She tryna get me fucked up..i'm tryna get it in  I love it when she on top..she ride it til the end
character building  for a writer it's hard to fess up that I can't adequately describe the pleasure I experienced as I read your work :
yeah that's always a bummer when that happens :
Just get off the floor Boozer.
Blonde Moment 387  Totally lost track of time in the library  missed choir class.
Thankfully, it was canceled for today.
I Love to look around me and see everyone happy.
Make a difference now.
:
The bordum at this prom is at an ultimate high...just saying
Just read abt the almond H20 will check out rose RT : almond water 2.
Rose water w/ rose petals w/ Raki or absinthe.
Strange clouds
You'll be surprised how much fun single life actually is
Woke up with doctorams of the Thunderweizen by This hefe is my speed.
Tasty  not bland.
Great summer beer.
Beauty is power; a smile is its sword.
RT : Golf Naked of course RT : Eat.
Pray.
Love.
Or golf naked.// just don't forget the sunscreen
May Specials now online 1000 Full Color Cards Only 33 plus more!!!
In all seriousness, would prob go to orioles game tomorrow if it weren't for the walkup charge.
Not going cuz of it
Picking up food from Ferry St bbq in Newark..
This place is the fucking business......
Who wanna go hoop today in a Gym
come to our assets conference in Santa Fe April 24 thru 26
Shoot me too RT : I'm serious
My two favorite shows right now are RuPaul's doctorg Race  Top Shot.
PA For A Few Weeks...
Have a great weekend from ECM!
Cherries are the ultimate summer treat.
Do you know where the annual National Cherry Festival takes place every year?
Thanks for the RT!
I'm obnoxious.
I remember you telling me about this a few weeks ago.
Cool idea, pictures turned out well!
I Found some Rubbermaid DVD Storage Cases on Amazon Im gettin 2 more when i get some Chedda!
Congratulations Realtor Associate Of The Year!!!
whats going on!?
CallOfDutyElite : For when you really want to waste money to wait for Sledgehammer/Infinity Ward to actually release all of the content.
Aw, thanks DK.
I shook the cranky vibes when I left work.
All good now :
I thought I told yah?
Imma star 
that's just me.
3
Good Morning!!
Thank you for the mention
I now have layers shorter than my bangs
It was a pleasure for me as well!
Watch King Mo 8 ET tonight on Bellator on MTV2.
what is our unis?
Thanks for the RT!
Beautiful Booty :
E!
's angel and gentlemen!
Good QA with Public Media Accelerator's on wjchat tonight.
Go follow along.
did u ever think u would be on t.v?
really???
What song?
sometimes you're in france and you doctoram of tortillas with avocado butter all the time anyway.
Thanks!
Glad you liked it!
RT : today's Monte Cristo special was colossal and a must have!
fam just got book 's oakland on may 28th come thru..i know its last min but had 2 take it..lol lol
My thoughts, THAT'S AWESOME!
That is not what Fea is writing necessarily, rather it is how historical actors felt about God and nationalism
Why are all these NBA guys wearing the hipster glasses?
3 years?
Don't they have anything better to do?
That's so sad hun.
Your very welcome for the hugs.
:
will do
You're garbage!!!
You've got cabbage in your muff!!!
ugh.
I just don't like them.
Just because you are not in the spotlight, doesn't mean that you are not making moves.
You could be the one signing the checks.
On that failing status for this math test
11 years ago today my cousins Jenny and Charlie died and 11 years ago today I gave my heart to Jesus.
Still tryin to get the hang of this work thing again!
Impromptu game of bicycle polo going on down the street from work.
And we have a perfect view from the fourth floor.
that's a good one, such a great bonding experience.
writing a web crawler at 2am.
what are YOU doing?
SUNNYVALE, Calif.
Yahoo to cut 2,000 jobs, 14 percent of workforce, in costcutting move.
Done with school :D!
Okay, who among the Twittersphere already has the new iPad?
Whoever you are, I am so jealous of you.
if I hear the beep.
Beep.
Beep.
Again I think I am going to crawl in a corner and DIE...because I can't talk to u....
I know you bad but I want you bad
the next true vacation isn't until October....this trip is a sightseeing venture
is seeking a Bassist
Join today from 58pm for their winter party!
American Flatbread pizza, Harpoon Brews, raffles!
Greek food is really good!
I dig what ghrol said tonight: music's from the heart.
Happy 21st birthday to my best friend in the whole world Ashley Gertz !!!
Finally no longer a yougin'
Then its 120:
Takin' us to church up in here.
until tomorrow...
then its be back on...
I've had some followers ask me 2tweet less.
That I can't do.
But I wld remind folks of the mute function in many 3P Apps, like Echofon
Stupid weather.
Had a shoot, had to scrap it because we feared rain, sunset wound up being gorgeous and rainfree.
Argggg!
Eww, back to school tomorrow:
Aflac is looking to fill two summer sale internships.
They'll pay 4 your license.
must be full time Sophomores or higher w/ min.
2.75 GPA :
White Puma has ups!
Summer needs to get here faster!
Just did x
mostly because I move into almost hermit like tendencies if I am by myself for too long.
2 weeks to ship.
Rolling out more sprites than a vending machine.
Yes.
MT : .: As we move forward into this century I think minimalism is going to become a more popular concept.
Ahahahahahaha too funny
thanks for the RT
When I watch AmazingRace, I pay attention to the backpacks.
Why did they leave them in the cab when they took off in helis?
what I really want to read is Pegasus 2 but since that isn't coming out until...2012?
2014?
I need a substitute.
Regarding the formal poll, the math is wrong!
He isn't repping CAPS fans too well.
And the stick is full of it!
BRB building a more stable selfconcept from which to tweet.
A colleague said she listed a house and was told, This looks like a Jamie Mason listing, it's staged so nicely.
Feeling good about that!
Waiting at Starbucks for a video to upload to YouTube...taking FOREVER!
Time to give my pillow some head  some ass to my bed ;p Goodnight Beautiful people3
yeah,but not sure what the point is, other than, as the AOL chief says, that AOL are big believers in the future of the Internet
I feel tired but awake
when people tell me i don't look like an eighth grader.
oh for serious?
goin to the movies to just out the house for a little bit with my friend

the zipper skirt on Fashion Star :
is that a talent you possess?
I think one will be needed
No problem!
:
I always spoil my mamma!!!
She's my Queen!!!
:D It's great being an only child!
Hahaha
Seem like errbody in Atlanta already out at The Mexican.
Laptop, phone and ipod get taken away.
My mom goes downstairs for like 5 mins, i take all 3 back and she doesn't notice
you will do great!
dont worry i vote for you every week:
And I'm aware of the irony that I'm at
just purchased both ?after this?
by and ?i win?
putting both on my iphone cant wait to get my praise on and in!!!!!
Huge setback for Romney.
Just saw Jimmy Carter on television saying Mitt was a good governor.
Hello Hope all is well.
I want a review girl!!!
lol BE SAFE!!!
I'm not tryna watch porn right now...
IfiHadadoctorgon I could deliver you a really crispy pizza before starts!
Brother in law update: My brother in law is out of hospital.
thank you everyone who prayed for Him and is finally keeping food down.
That thought crossed my mind too.
But, I saw enuf good this year to give him the chance.
Most players were...
Back In The Lab More Heat Commin Soon!
Artist In Need Of Production Visit The Soundclick SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat Ppl Follow Me!
Javy Guerra in with a one run lead...
No, but he could write a book.
'How to lose a playoff series in 7 games.'
I know it upsets me!!
They also just cancelled Awake.
Did you ever watch it?
Ir had Lucious Malfoy as a human being...
MSG baby
Shazier is going to be awesome
The 3 accessories that make a cute guy even more attractive: a baby, a dog, and a wellworn copy of a good book
Great morning of classes!
We burned calories and feel great!
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
Unknown Author
Who is going to win tonight?
Saints or
check your dms!!!
Steve Jobs documentary on now.
Feminist group slams LEGO line for girls as 39;dangerous39; because they have breasts and only go to beauty salons
Glorious day.......I get to go get pampered.
i would build a beach just to meet you!!
: then we could go surfing!
together.
Grab the bull by the horns?
No.
That's weak.
If you want to get something done right, you grab the bull by the BALLS.
it's more interesting
just got back from muse
Finding dark humour in pathos
AA Listserv, you make me chuckle a bit sometimes, especially at 11pm.
Hopefully caused more discoveries of , though.
If only Twitter let me write more than 140 characters 
I still ride my bike and ride to work sometimes.
True sense of freedom and stimulating.
Skyrim always comes before contagious coughing and snotty sick wives!
just got home great weekend looking forward to Monday :
ohh, so good luck!
you will do it :
Ah!
are nominated for the Billboard Music Awards!
Yeeheeey!
:D
Watching 1 season finale after another while the Lakers game is on the other screen.
Haha 4th quarter comeback woohoo!
Ok I feel much better than I did an hour ago.
Thank you Chinese food.
.
Awesome introductory blog post!
Happy to see another person on the team from upstate NY!
Come out tonight for our show w/ We go on at 8:30ish.
Just make sure you Never Say Goodbye even after show!
lodlam Glad to see demo
So now that we are done recording our E.P.
its time to play some shows!
So where should we go???
so excited to have you in the audience of open doctorss tomorrow!
At the meeting with Balto CIO Rico  lots of great ideas for improving Baltimore City tech!
The one best practice to rule them all series changed my outlook  there are other people who see things like me!
If a primary school in England decided to name itself after Mary Wollstonecraft, what benefits could it reap?
Does scheduling tough non conference games really matter to BCS conference teams?
i freaking miss my ex.
Must.
stop.
eating.
chocolate.
Not gonna talk to me?
kcool.
whatever.
my bad
My chapstick smells like baby powder and I can't get used to it.
insert clever remark here
boss isn't here yet.
He be here soon though.
I'll ask him for available dates.
I'd guess almost everything's available.
Lol
Thanks keith!
The phone is ringing...setting up meetings w/ potential clients!
wow!
:O lmao, u've done loads!!!
haha, sounds like fun :
I'm going to miss the people in my rec.
tech.
and physics classes, but I'm excited the never ending semester is finally coming to a close.
RT : What exactly is the cloud anyway  how does it relate to GIS?
a WAURISA session w/ folks from presenting
Awesome seats.
Jealous.
Hope u  Ethan are having a superb time.
Go Cardinal!
:
Who in their right mind doesn't love pasta?
How Southern of you!
Truth be told I've never made any kind of pie, but pecan seems a bit more advanced
let me know when I can see your reimplementation
Oops!
Meant to say and I are going
World's longest grad party today 126:30 in classroom bldg lobby for grad seniors!
Free food and gifts.
I damnear coulda took that doctorve to Indy to watch the Playoffs lol
Changed things up last week.
Now eating no beef, no chicken, no fish, no milk, no cheese, no oils  no problem.
M, plants.
because I'm in computer modeling and felt like being doctormatic.
Lol it's okay cynthia c:
they caught the mets virus!
I gotta jump on that.
Should I order through your site?
We're live in just over an hour  join us tonight at Joyce Beers Community Center at 6:30pm!
MaxAwards finalists to be announced next week.
HBA of great Austin
Woah...
Music from the Sweetwater 420 festival is shaking my house!
Atlanta feels like a real city today.
Heading to Candler Park soon...
I'm one of those people who get WAY too excited and obsessive about their birthday.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME
yeaa:/ did u see the video.it's pretty sad.
i cried
See what ear hustling gets you!
I would agree with that assessment.
HARRY IS IN LA OMGG WTFF , HOW ,WHEN, OMG LETS SO FIND HIM.
Santa Monica at Halloween is AWESOME.
404 on intriguing false modesty link
NY is better.
Hi Nicole.
Unable to open the link.
But probably best.
Can't control what people say!
: 
Come check us out and follow us!
We're new to Old Town so come get a dose of deliciousness:
Espresso professorta and 's Lemon Cakes, making Monday afternoons awesome since right now.
it was an awesome shot
God never makes mistakes, everything that happens is for a reason .
Twitter thing not your cup of tea?
Oh I thought you had stuff to doctorp off?
If you don't, then don't worry about it.
I'm good!
Can the celtics please win a game in regulation..
I can't take all this stress..
it's only the first round for pete sake!
TimHortons Bushnells Basin Pittsford might just be the best.
doctorvethru.
ever.
006900 you're like my bestfriend and real funny!
Hahaha.
Struggle is the condition necessary to train for mental toughness.
Without struggle mental toughness is purely a thought not a reality!
Welp looks like that blk towncar that I just smiled and waved at was either A An Uber doctorver off duty.
Or B Not an doctorver.
What the hell is this movie I'm watching?
I damn confused at the moment.
Are those talking cats?
i will not shutup, but the next time you wanna say that to anyone, remember, you have no control over anyone!
is tht even a word?
dude..
Troy murphy is so ugly!!!
No homo.
Sleepover with nate!
i like the Packers, just dont think commercial is funny.
Should have ended on a high note.
Cant manufacture humor.
Bout to hit tha sheets.
Since someone hasnt text me back.
Things definitely got really weird last night
You play Marvel RPGs.
Ever hear of Fading Suns?
Happy Sr.
Patti's Day.
Make it a green one.
Cage match I'd pay for: Brian Black Ops Wilson vs.
Aaron Discount Double Check Rodgers.
Winner gets to swat Deion Tinker Bell Sanders.
curled up in my bed.
soo you know that feelingg in your stomach when you know shits about to go downn,,thats what i feel right noww
This is going to be the best birthday week ever!
Temperatures are going to be back up in the 90's tomorrow.
Naughton's has a large selection of cooling accessories to help beat the heat!
Just saw a bald eagle soar over the lake, first spotted by Have to take my word for it.
Too fast for my camera.
Happy 4th!
Universal Care systems reward prevention RT Under ObamaCare, Sbuxs bev skinny, nonfat, no whip.
It's for the best.
I've had so much coffee this morning that I got halfway to work and realized I'd forgot my car!
Done with the movie !!!!
Nice to be working with some friend's !!!
Playing !!!!
We do it all for the fun of it !!!!
Today we officially commenced operations in Argentina, which makes it our 52nd market  the 4th new market for the company in 2 years!
Can I shoot myself?!
text me princess?
about the dolphins at the rave?
Yeah, that was effed up
I may not have the 'verified' icon, but I assure you I'm me.
Hitting the gym for some me time.
exactly!
Apple I predict will continue to get better or else they will suffer what happened/happening to rim.
No company is too
Get you some new threads!!!
Thanksgiving leftovers ...chow time
where are you?
I just got it and am sitting in the student center by the tv
I officially hate Wednesdays.
Please ignore.
Testing3.
Final test.
Hopefully D Rose is alright.....That's why you do whatever it takes to get in the playoffs, even for the 8th seed.
anything can happen.
yeah!
I'm actually a distributer if you have any questions I've been going to seminars!
Would love to see someone develop an extension that would do 'Character Count' or 'Word Count' for text pasted into alfred.
Can't wait to have u spinning in L.A.!
Let's make it happen soon
Okayy.
I Got To Do That!
Positive thinking makes positive actions, which provides positive results!!!
Eliminate negative thinking from your life, it serves no good!
Im in N.Y.
waitin on the SuperMoon !
no doubt champ
Eff them jordans people can kiss my ass for making me get up early.
Forgot to bring an umbrella today, and that is most unfortunate.
flip em out...
doctoram on...
patron silver chilled
it sucks here :
Will the commoncore lead to the effective use of technology in education?
If so, what does it look like?
I booked the role of John Bender in a theater adaptation of The Breakfast Club!
The 80's are back!
:
Lester: Id like to recognize doctor Donald Combs.
doctor Combs has filled numerous important leadership roles during his 27 years at EVMS.
I know, but I have to look good for the summer
I know she got a 9 to 5, ill be her 5 to 9
A trip to Italy via Newark.
So good!
Someone commented, What you are doing is a doctorp in the bucket.
To which Mother Teresa responded No,it is a doctorp in the ocean.
4 more pages and a powerpoint...let me get off twitter
Need to prepare sources for groups to look at, thinking from nytimes and fox.
Any feedback on this idea welcome!
One Tree Hill and Law and Order: SVU reruns makes this girls day go by smoother : Thank GOODNESS for Netflix
Ramones, annotated bibliography, folksonomies, cataloging, and classification schemes...
a lot more fun that it probably sounds.
said her new album is going to be seriously dark compared to her happy album that was just out.
Curious to hear the new album.
is in full testing swing!
Can't wait for the event to start!
I'm only as good at my team.
new TV has super glare problem.
Really bummed that I might have to rearrange the furniture again.
Lakers no defence and no bench scoring
Signs Im Super Hungry!
I'll shit on anyone in NHL !
Joey we going for round 2 and Krakpot eat my ass hairs
Literally woke up 10 minutes before I had to leave the house.
Don't think I've ever moved so fast...
I vote Deena and Sam off jerseyshore just sayin...
Congratulations.
Can't wait to see you on TV next week!
Your lame
No Tiago for Game 2!
but who do you think should start for the Spurs Boris Diaw or DeJuan Blair?
Keep the doctorams BiG and your worries SMALL
Amazing news!!
will be announced if we hit 3,000 followers today!
Glad you're here!
RT : Down at Great panel going on right now.
thanks; have a great weekend!
Switzerland is definitely the greatest nation humankind has ever known
Good morning
You don't have to win every argument.
Simply Agree to disagree!
i think im in LOVE with his tattoos!!
:P
This shouldnt be looked at as punitive; this should be looked at as a necessary measure for future academic success.
Bennett on IREAD3
Watch out , saw a lady doctorving and eating pizza at 7:00 this morning.
Seemed like a perfect match.
The quicker you're here, the faster you go
thanks Sierra for your kind mention What is exciting in your world?
Thanks to comedian tweeting super racy joke Obama made  Clooney fundoctoriser last night, I foresee a no wifi policy in future Ha!
I def need to find a local homeschooling group, too.
We're in Grant Park  where are you?
Plants grow slow.
Why does need real time monitoring ?
we still cool?
Happy Monday!
Ive finished my paper.
Family, you can come home now.
I miss you.
hey dylan guess what!
YOUR IN 5TH!!!!
please follow and I?
Thanks
for a short time, nothing on the ground that I can see from my relative tornado safe basement/HQ/man cave/laundoctor room/tomb.
yes sir haha
After managing the Yankees to seven World Championships from 19491960, Casey Stengel developed a unique perspective on the game.
yeah i did!
and my pic on here is of me wearing it..haha so you can see there.
Every life road block has a detour.
Sometimes the alternate route is longer but will ultimately get you back on the right road.
If you would be wealthy, think of saving as well as getting.
We'll have all the conference videos on our site within a month cc:
Looks like we'll dodge rain for tomorrow's race!!
The festival's official bookstore reps say Nigel Barker's book is their bestseller so far.
Last day of spring basketball workouts went well.
Wow...this year has just flew by!
come on narvdog
DNF for and I.
Got timed out at 40.3.
We're not thinking of it as a failure, though.
Instead, it's an 80 succes.
;
Time to speak at
: GOP candidate Rick Santorum is doctorpping out of the US presidential race  , , CBS News' 
Ann Wilson is the shit.
I feel so close to you right now!
The sun is out, but it's raining on me and I don't have an umbrella.
Pear goOse iz where its at  I think I found my new doctornkk ..
There's a grown man in an Iron Man mask at the Avengers showing.
Okay, maybe grown is the wrong adjective.
I luv comic book geeks!
if you change ill kill you.
lawson told me they were inspired by you doubting them.
Who's going to tonight to see ?
like to see what your musical blend sounds like: BluesyPunkCountryRock?
New Genre?
Lol demo?
DuckDynasty is the best show on TV right now.
Even have my wife hooked on it.
Ahahaha.
My birthday is in Nine days!!!!!
Steering clear ....
Out of tacos on taco Thursday!?!?
Are you kidding me!?
Thanks!
RT love the new background!
Don't ruin my childhood!
lol
Help me get to 700 followers!!!
.
gotta get you back to Milwaukee.
Sit em down at The Joe so you can get out of there.
Even more impressive with the heat!
I Bren already following him plzzz follow me!!
international security
I open up wayy to easily...
Jus me n my nigerian movies..Lol n chicken
140 characters is not near enough for me.
Nevermind.
Found the link.
I'll be submitting a logo.
Thanks!
going downtown to perform : you?
Weird, tweeting to my animated avatar but I'm so excited about helping those who wan to sound more American.
What should I waste my 200th tweet on?
Doctor offices really suck!
do you have a reason?
I'm curious.
Follow me and I will make it easer for you :
planning to watch fireworks from the house tonight...
panoramic view of the strip.
perfect weather
Dinner.
Parade.
Fireworks.
I may not be the prettiest girl in the world but when I talk yo I feel beautiful
Good morning to you.
How are you today?
RT : Morning loves
Time for first day of the new job then a late library night...I'm exhausted just thinking about it.
3 weeks kids, 3 weeks.
Excellently worded textbook projection, though.
you are most qelcome
...
and that 23second song is available for download at the low, low price of 99 cents.
Act now!
p.s.
are you getting any better at wrapping your mouth around four loko cans?
it is great.
See u soon
Lovin me some outside time tonight on the BMW!
Cools down when the sun goes down.......
Thanks, its good to know someone is.
;
But see, it wasn't that simple...
I can't explain it, but it became very complicated very quickly.
;
Beautiful morning with breakfast outside on Orange Ave Coronado.
Suddenly, a HAIL STORM!
Seriously,
Personal development within.
Travel  fitness energize.
Music is my goto.
Multiple streams of income.
do bears shit in the woodz?
Good morning!
Got a question for you: What do you think about Microsoft products right now: Xbox, Windows/mobile, etc.?
Do you use/want 'em?
you would have to watch your shows by yourself..
No one deserves that...no one.
Just to scare them straight
How many?
My students were not nearly as excited about mister.
Dalloway as they should have been this morning.
Need to try something new next week.
Ask to fashion blog a hipster, and when u go to take their picture, the camera squirts water out of the lens!
On my way to do some pitching!
It's a nice Day  Follow me
there is, but i bought salty ballsmilk chocolate balls rolled in hawaiian sea salts w/ a macadamia nut inside
Got to enjoy a comedic knockout tonight at bootleg
I'm currently home alone  stuck in the bathroom with no toilet paper...
Idk what to do
He has the leading role, I'm just support
Planning a stpatricksday party?
Flavors for Saturday include the seasonal Bailey's Cake and Thin Mint, as well as our TEN everyday flavors!
dude today was amazing
I had no idea.
Disconnected from homeland
if follows us back, imma bring out da fuckin rice
Just wait for it, mid treasurer report it's kickin in.
Ivy Blue Carter...
Born filthy rich to 2 of the most powerful people in pop culture.
Prepare for a RICH ass, media crazed life.
word!
when is good time?
Hustle Hard by Weezy  Rick Ross RT : Whats the song?
Justin Turner comes up to Call Me Maybe.
Kinda feel that
Let's go
Hey there!
Right back at ya :D Happy humpday!
Love.new.ipad.
Love.verizon.lte.
Niall!
It's my birthday!
Please follow me!
Or tweet me!
Whichever you prefer, either one would make me happy!
3
Man Todayy i Was Cryingg Cause We Was In Galveston And Somebody Started Shoootingg , And I Was Oo Hell no Imaa bout to diee noo
on the Grammys!!
So while we were at show, son made banana cake.
I think he used old sour cream  cream cheese.
I ate a piece.
I may die.
Just saw Modern Family.
I know, I'm way behind.
Even better than I expected it to be!
Send Me your IMAGINES and They Will be Published and will be Anonymous
So now the jewelry commission is done.
I think I shall get back to job searching and working on art projects.
That would be one helluva storm if you guys had it right now too.
Were you at Blowtoad tonight?
Was too nervous to say hi!!
Been a reader for a while :
I could use some Vicious Circle in my life right now
The fact that it went from  I beat the pussy up up up  to  lloro por ti by Enrique iglesias 
I totally understand  hope things are going well!
NYCC was much bigger than before w/ an entire room just for costumes/geek apparel  saw a friend and ran into Tim Vigil ;
It's not creepy to respond to people's public tweet.
They are expecting a response!
aww hhaha.
How old are you?
So far I'm unimpressed...
Has anyone tried google insync versus doctorpbox?
I wanna see!
Thank you so much!
But btw, no one saw that, if they aren't following me.
You have to put something before my name.
; xx
Go.
Unplug.
Run.
ESCAPE THE MADNESS!!!
Finished SOME work at Al's, went swimming with her Tanners, now with Ate Nika my sistah.
Good day but coming home to more work sucks.
oh no I got it scratch all my suggestions I have a better one.
Square Enix should contribute and offer Sephiroth as a guest character!
thanks for follow.
I'll be stopping in sometime soon for your delicious salmon burger!
I am not a figment.
Blackrock is Back to its old tricks , when is the president going to speak with the real underwritter of the debt and use the money right.
m pom juice is amazing I love all of the antioxidants it has, even more than wine
It is very hard to pick just 3.
I'll go with fruit, cheese, and chocolate.
i wanna be friends with Barney.
Happy Mother's Day!
Spot trending now in Santa Monica, CA: Daily Pint  Pub
Where in Milwaukee can I find bedding that is made in the US?
Tried  India, Pakistan, Egypt...
don't we grow cotton here?
hears the editing cave call my name...uh oh, be afraid...very afraid
We have openings for Math, Chem, and Art teaching positions for the 2012/2013 school year
Listening to The Beach Boys station on pandora today in the salon.
Nice way to kick off the week!
Baller Blocking is one of the funniest movies of AllTime!!!
The acting in it is so Turrrible!!!!!!
Magic Number  21
The 90 year old birthday girl is doing the electric slide right now!
Imagine having to jump on a plane just to see your spouse and kids.
It's reality for millions, does it work?
On Ur Side, Tonight10, TMJ4
Just finished working on a dance track.
Bout to send it to my partnah in crime Loving these countermelodies!!
Rock, this would not be a good time to steal you jack ass
Everything went so well today.
My curly bun was pumping.
My heels were clicking.
The MAC was immaculate.
would be so proud!
before you judge someone on what they wear, think, will swag pay the bills?
Did the P90X shoulders and arms workout.
Week 1 in the P90X cycle.
greedy ass lol
Substitute :D
Lhdab same bitch use to write me or call me wen she gttin in to it with somebody but call in me scary 
TeamNoSleep RIP yo big Bro is not doing well but I got his back and yours WE WILL GET JUSTICE ONE LOVE
CBS 58's 10 is going on later than usual because of bball.Looks like we're on a little after 10:20pm.
Heading to live shot!
hope your right!
As much as I love The Pack  hate the giants I'm a little nervous!
Our D scares the shit outa me
items for u at AoIR reg desk
An adult flea will remain on your pet for the remainder of the flea's lifeyuk!
why are you so cute?:
Fun Fact of the Day: A 1,200pound horse eats about seven times its own weight each year!
would like to think no one
you're so sweet, Tiana.
I can always count on you to brighten my day a little bit.
loveyou :
Omg...if you're a man and you eat anything soy DIE BITCH
ya'll are awesome, thnx for the shout out!
Liking your own Facebook Status is like giving yourself a high five in public
Wow..it's been a while tweethearts!!
Twitter is different..Either way..here I am..
Glad u asked!
We're coming out w/ new Chrome extension in a few weeks.
Hope u like it!
And the win again..
this is basebal at it's finest baby
: weeks, months...
the way time flies they feel nearly the same.
wink
Rafael Nadal doctorws first blood.
Breaks Djokovic.
It's 32 in the first set and 4:12 AM here in USA.
How stupid is the concept of a tweet.
attention twitter, this needs to become a thing: crowdsourcealarm  remind us when we need to do stuff
Stop staring at me, Miss Advanced Placement.
alternative approach to reducing urban crime would be Jim Brown's successful AmerICan program.
Have him on your show.
Its funny how you can always tell when a boy likes someone else, but you can never tell if he likes you.
yeah I didn't even notice the song titles lol.
Have u heard ?
Their so fuckin good!
Check em out if u haven't
Not yet.
Haven't made it to the liquor store.
I've thought about it a lot though!
Name the day and I will!
Birthday tomorrow :
Gotta watch My nephew for the night...
X
But you do miss me....
Right?!
way to show those , let's keep the memento going boys!
Join  nychunt.com to participate.
Slip and slide party with football boys ; with my friend
Username  Your Existence
There is also a humiliating way.
Congratulations to my cousin and her husband on the birth of their baby girl, Gwenyth Lynn!
we will call u
Is it ever really over ...
Text You of the day...What do you really want to be doing?
If someone gave you a million dollars cash  what would you do every day?
The Holiday is very beautiful!
Stay Cool!
:
I'm hungry!!!
you music makes my heart smile !
Thank you for all that you do grateful for
woo.
ROCK THAT BOAT GIRL..
HAHA.
:
Hahah!
Zach stole my innocence a while ago.
But now Cameron is taking every last bit of it away!
XD
There are two reasons why people change: First they've learned a lot.
Second they've been hurt too much.
Don't be sitting on your stepping stone :
: pink friday or the second album ?
pink friday !
Wat goes through a woman's mind that says, I'm gunna go out in public with curlers in my hair
Mens health lied.
I cuddled 3 girls from behind at sears today, none of them offered to develop a meaningful emotional connection with me?
And it was even better today yelling at a bar at the top of my lungs, green beer in hand!
:
I can't believe that Facebook bought Instagram this shit is the precursor to our 2012 presidential election.
hey Niall how are you you probably will never see this but would you follow me it would mean a lot to me am a big fan :
I enjoy my cup of coffee much more when I can sit and doctornk it on my balcony.
It isn't as nice when spills down my blouse.
Ali is here too so just make sure the gates are shut when u let them out.
seriously so annoyed with people today.
I simply cannot SCREAM this enough...
BE CHOOSEY!!!
You ALWAYS have a choice.
Choice defines who you are!!!!
Join our fb page!!
I'm laying here choking to death and you just walked by and laughed.Thanks Beeotch
thanks for the support :
can I hate you?
see you filthy animals there 
Dude.
Think about it....
Sounds like a great app.
Can never be organized enough.
Will sign up and check it out for sure
BTW, our own was on the local news last night in the audience for the Future of Nursing.
Thank you, xx
Big hair Nice ride High heels Sweet ass Fake nails Red lips Shaking those hips O YOUR SUCH A PRETTY LADDDDYYY
i love my daddy
i'm going to make some brekkie w market bacon, eggs and eat some strawberries.
so take THAT!
hehe
lol...
Did I just hear say  don't think 2 yourself: I'm gonna tame this bronco!?
ZUMBA is so hard, but fun ...
already sore!
the only thing i'll be stealing in my lifetime is austin's last name.
Attending WorkConf this Thurs?
Stop by the booth  enter to win a free 1yr subscription to GigaOM Pro.
I need intertainment
So lucky to last night!So awesome!Thanks to Val Mosley, mistern mister Reuben Cannon especially for showing love!!!
BackThur w/125!
It seems like Ishikawa has more sacrifice bunt attempts than hits this year
I feel that a lot of rappers in San Antonio try WAY TOO hard and ACT hard and super og.
Rap real and be yourself.
If u haven't seen trailer park boys get netflix right now and watch this shit
Carr shared QB duties with Henson and Brady.
Agree with your assessment.
Tell you this...Arnold Schwarzenegger did 30 of those suckers.
I'm sure that's the idea.
Must be anticipating extras.
Wants to make sure he won't need to take any long breaks from the booth.
these hormones
Stop with the Conflict Of Interest nonsense already.
Don't hate the playa, hate the game.
I'm at a Level D show and Rob is fixing something and it makes me think of you!
Ticket takers 4 ever
In beautiful Lincoln, NE!
We got 200.
Thanks!
Kobe has been great individually, with some bad spots, but he hasn't had the overall impact and numbers of Lebron this year.
I asked a guy what he would do if he had a tail and he said go ssj4.
Had to high five him.
UI/UX FrontEnd Designer/Developer.
If you're qualified  interested, send your resume  salary requirements to kevin.reese
The fair is happening.
Some have tickets.
Some make new festivities.
Some cannot pay the fare.
But it is fair?
I wonder what part to play.
preorders for the shirts end tomorrow!
hit us up with an email or DM soon!
:
Thank YOU for your support and for the mention!
:
Make sure you support Plies Goon Affiliated in stores June 8 lets show our support people pass it on
didyouknow we're celebrating our 120th birthday?
Gosh, how can we celebrate?
Maude's image for 'habitat' in representing Mississippi
Hahah, I'm glad you saw it.
I knew you would love it!
Do you believe me when I tell you, you the one I'm loving?
The happiest thing in the world when you're broke is finding that last quarter for a dollar
: The awkward moment when you go for a high five and the other person turns away.
does this to me every time
iget aggravated quick.
We had a great time in Jesus last night  we're looking forward to Him showing up again tonight!
it was an alright night ; haha don't crash my car!
Just read the TrayvonMartin, Emmett Till blog post.
You need to get the hate speech in the comment section under control.
Now.
living fast and dying young...just kidding.
I'm at Mount Mary.
1 of my players just quit on the team.......guess who his idol is?....RANDY MOSS!!!!Go figure
She's got you all head over heels,  I can't even make you stumble.
3
He really is.
RT :
Woohh!!
This saturday party!!!
ATLiens definitely one of the perfect albums.
Like Purple Rain, Dark Side of the Moon, Illmatic.
Happy 15th.
I am going to dominate this diet.
You're on.
Hey, are you planning to go to the GBCA happy hour on Mon.?
Not in the mood for beer?
Head to Galeria's on Broadway for 1/2 price Margaritas all day long!
Really thirsty...
Really busy day today!
We always appreciate new bookings.
Hope everyone is staying warm!!
Jason is pretty cute!
running on 3 hours of sleep.
so hyped up though.
lets go pens lets go pens lets go pens
I wish pandora understood that people choose the Sufjan station particularly to avoid the likes of Taylor Swift and Ashley Tisdale.
Today the new in Austin TX made my day...
Wishing there were plans for a closer one to my house in NW Austin :
so phil just forgot about me 
Obama is in Chicago on Saturday.
YOU SHOULD COME.
ah, in the student union on the u of m campus.
bet their hours are like 8 to 5.
I work for a living, boss ;
how did u know?
Have you heard the great news?
I got a 3 book publishing deal from a wondeful publisher in the UK!!
Tell me what goals have accomplished ...
Mother's Day is only a few weeks away!
Show Mom the love with a personalized flipbook.
Just send us a video clip and we'll do the rest!
I love Andoctor Santos, you gays!
Qwrap Matt from Washington DC signing out.
Thanks 2 everyone from the great chat!
Why do consumers still buy from commissionbased retail sites?
Find model   purchase direct from brand.
It's called competitive pricing!
um idk...
I have to go to that store i was telling u about so maybe.....
I considered it a win if the Jets could score another point at this point.
At the end of the day, it is a split series.
by the way, monster truck rally kid's seats are free :
BvBchat Can't wait for the chat today on edequity  10:30 PDT!
Who wants to jump in w feminist social theory or grassroots perspectives?
car show sat may 22 at 12:00 look us up at picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo for details or call 3039990785
Good and bad news...I can't stop creating, but it's way past my bedtime!!!!
does buying catfood count as a present?
There was an overwhelming sense of thankfulness at last nights prayer meeting.
It was our last night praying on campus at UofL.
Stayed up too late talking to my favorite but I regret nothing.
You got yo self aggravated
i feel like the new directions always save their funnest songs for when they aren't in competitions :
yesterday in PF we were talking about steroids and talking about the side affects and one of the side effects what boob reduction.
Are you in Los Angeles
Lets get physical, physical!
RT : Think I'll doctorss like Olivia Newton John for my workout today.
DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me?
4
Gutthroat competition: Native bacteria fend off invaders, suggesting new way to stop dangerous forms of E.
coli From tiny villages in de
Would you mind doing my workout for me as well?
Thanks bud.
Why don't people support positive things?
Moo Moo Mooragious times are a hoof at the Cow Palace!
Stampede on down here and git your meat and cocktails on!!Double Points from 811
thanks!
Happy to be here for the meetings :
AmITheOnlyOneThat thinks that with all these natural disasters that there might be a possibility that the world might end??
Why do people request to see vomit on tosh
tomorrow is vday but sunday could work
Solo movie expedition to see Shame
BASHH starts in 30, and we're hard at work getting set up right now, and even if it rains, we'll get you in the door quickly!...
Did you know that Minnie doctorver's real name is Amelia?
Neither did I until this week.
But there it was, right on her credit card!
This year is gonna be amazing, and you could tell Sophie about it
Failure is success if we learn from it.
Malcolm Forbes
Same here.
Hoping for quick resolution, but safety is my first concern.
Hubs listening to a police scanner via his iPhone.
Think like a queen.
A queen is not afraid to fail.
Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.Oprah Winfrey
Should Memorial Coliseum be put on the National Register of Historic Places?
City wants to tear down coliseum to build tripleA stadium
Met the rents this weekend, why do parents love me
Next week:I am single
Stop on by for some Great Happy Hour items; Lavender Calamari, Gnocchi w/ parsley pesto  Pancetta, too many good things to mention5:306:30
Power outage during finals week...
I don't do any vulgar movements.
Elvis Presley
I have a compliment coach.
haha kay; just found out I have a soccer game tonight
Q: Greatest reality TV show?
A: Americas Funniest Home Videos.
Glad I could clear hat up
thankgolditsfriday One more breakdown for the Dakota boys please, no soup for them.
asksarah who is your idol ??
:
I believe it's pronounce baby burrito
Anyone understand why is 100 on SPINS top 100 guitar players?
Not hating..but it's kind of weird right?
They are great, despite her mother!
A pioneer and a true artist taken too soon.
Acorn is pretty decent.
Hey!!!
Go follow my second account, it's for Directioners thanks!!:
Omg that felt humiliating
Eat your pancakes faster !!!!!
Both Gold and Crude shorts will be short term trades 15 days only.
I am quite bullish on them both long term.
are you talking about Caroline's daughter?
anyway,,,why did she say she closed her new shop ???
im such a weird person
Don't be sad life goes on its getting to late tomorrow is here.
Good personality, having some intelligence, and some looks and
If Purell is not your thing, some teenagers like to get high from the propellant in whipped cream cans.
Teenagers and Demi Moore, that is.
Good Morning.
Be pleasant until ten o'clock in the morning and the rest of the day will take care of itself.
Elbert Hubbard
Come see Brew City at Summerfest this weekend.
We have an 80/20 sale going on!
80 degrees or higher?
20 off!
then don't say anything dumb like he has 5 rings because that speaks for his team, not him who has more MVP's?
Got our read on :....Now its off to the park :
: I just bought like 3 neon speedo swimsuits for spring break, with the matching hats.
score lookinggood
Paint Your Wagon w/ Lee Marvin.
Clint lipsynced his tail off in that one.
The terrazzo is coming out  putting in handmade Cedar Bayou bricks to be installed in a herringbone pattern.
Pics to come if we get the job
do you follow everyone who follows you?
Have you registered for the 2012 HIBF yet?
Planning for professort or sustained success?
There is a difference.
Have fun!
enjoying my day!
So all you need to do to have a reporter like want to talk to you is to sit near ?
What a joke.
Business has only two functions  marketing and innovation.
Milan Kundera
Don't miss session on Building Mobile Business at 10:30 am at today's
LOVE YOURSELF and if anybody else loves you, take it as a compliment...
you are assuming that fac/staff would be allowed to use own comp on campus network.
That's a pretty big security issue in itself
oh okay
Pretty sweet setup, though my solution was 40.
is better audio, but spendy...guess I need to win one!

Thank you again for all your help!
Have fun at fincon :
RIP RT : RIPBIG I know you'll be proud when we get Weed legalized!
Hopefully my goldfish cracker snack will be enough to keep me up for the late night
Thanks for following, guys!
Interesting PastsFutures session.
Packed room  heady talks about ubicomp, steampunk, looms,  design reflections.
Desperate Dealings.
First Academic and now Budgetext!
Its ok they have doctor and nurses standing by
send me a tweet
Flickerz by have arrived in QuarryLake !
Just grip, flick, and watch these discs fly over 70 ft!
People dying at my age or younger is unacceptable.
Come on guys stop showing your mortality.
We still have 70 or so years left.
Chains an whips excite me haha ;
I'm getting kinda sleepy, good night everyone:
how cool!
Care to share?
Patchwork was awesome!
thx to everyone who came!
for those who got in on the photo op with santa  the pics will be up in the next few days!
Ugh I don't know why I'm so sleepy!!!!!
American's receive an average of 31 prank phone calls in their lifetime
Help us out and come to www.facebook.com/teasatia and vote for your favorite type of tea.
lmao I'm goin too!
I dnt wanna miss the next one...if he has one of course!
Pregnant senior on my bus talking about how she smokes weed still....
So sad.
Honestly, I don't belong in this generation.
We're just as confused
Finally gave in.
Now watching MadMen.
So awesome.
Tenure is about academic freedom but the tenure track is a hazing that trains faculty to be docile thus making tenure potentially irrelevant
Thanks for helping out nonprofessorts.
Would love to get a demo of your platform.
true, it is a fair assessment :
Happy Friday don't work to hard....
it's only fun that way.
haha
Today is MOVING day and I am beyond excited!
Just hoping everything goes off without a hitch ...
aaasmtg Dennis Meredith says everything scientists learn about communicating w lay audiences will help their scholarly careers.
I hate allergies
EP12s, 6 is up....
Ryan Broz and Bryan Jolly are teeing up....Prezi, YouTube...we're seeing a cocoa clip  candy bars and child slavery...
I've been singing the Bobby said goodbye today one and Love Stinks...2 very similiar songs
The Lakers, Portland Only has 3 chance of winning today.
Takers Lakers ML 150
I only have one ticket.
Yup.
Pathetic.
more than pieces!The game board AND pieces, not at all worth 28.99.
Don't you inspect these things?
SINCE WHEN.
Our cast is complete, were insured and only one Manfrotto short...I think we are almost ready to go!
Happy Easter everyone!!
Google Ordered to Stop Copyright Violations on YouTube  New York Times
there once was a time when i enjoyed doctorving...
Oh, you like Queen?
You must be such a Classic Rock fan.
O, I want a juicer!
Which one did you go with?
you are so right and SO LUCKY!
Celebrate your mom!
busy live too different life's and is trying to accomplish to different things ima got to stay real in silence under lord motivation
Behind the scenes with Top Chefs!
Excited about
This blizzard sucks.
I don't think i have enough beer to make it...
Top 5 toxic plants for felines: Lilies, sago palm, tulip/narcissus bulbs, azalea/rhododendoctorn, cyclamen.
Pens in 6, I think the Flyers intangible advantage is they get under the Pens skin  mine, which makes them jagoffs ALWAYS!
rupert just said that he likes moes more than chipotle.
I just walked out the door and left
The new episode of iNickelodeonShow will be in 8PM right after the new episode of iCarly on Nick!
Very good day.
Looking forward to tomorrow!
Thanks to all our followers and supporters!
America, u suck.
You are wretched.
You are only going to get more wretched.
What a shithole to live in.
Heathens.
Love, Fox debate
AWESOME!
Anyone else out there use car2go for work!?
RT We use you guys everyday at the office :
i got you chiick :

how bout Bobby V getting booed by the home crowd?
Thanks for the follow!
haha trust me you are : and haha yea :  well what do you want to talk about : ?
listening to reference music in the platinumsuite at getting ready to balance a few tracks.
I like that plan.
I think my director goes to that place and really likes it.
I will have to check it out.
Have a fun weekend:
its UNT leading them is nothing, u have to be a national leader like kid at weber st n murray st 14.7 a game 10 rbs not enough
We hope to see u in the fall!
RT : thanks for RT.
I found a buyer.
Looking forward to next season...
Mc Hammer and Gaddafi are trending here?
I can only assume both are dead, this may be the best day in the history of mankind
The Notebook.
I'm going to tie you to a chair and make you watch it
i just wanna leave already.
kelly hurry the fuck up.
I believe that sex is one of the most beautiful, natural, wholesome things that money can buy
Just saw the new Call of Duty video game commercial.
IMO That's not right.
You're eyes are to die for !!!!
Just letting you know:
I would never turn you down boo!
ConfessionTime i think Michael Cera is hot...
Did you know, after 1 round of testing, the SEI Academy has already passed as many students this year as they did after 3 rounds last year!
got em from a dude on discogs...ordered one  he sent both!
Bonus!!
you bedazzle your face mask and I will bedazzle my wrist brace!
We can have a bedazzling party!!
Xoxo
are you guys affiliated with Seele at all?
Newest addition to gun safe smithery Andoctorw VanPelt sells gun safes for MerloPatriot Safe Co.
www.patriotsafe.com
Do un to Others as you want done to you
Just landed yyc.
Thought itd be colder.
Pretty damn excited to see !
It's just the stroller wheel in my face.
Bought my first north face jacket this weekend.
Slowly assimilating into portlandia.
it will feel like 5
We'd like to think we are!
:
thanks for the listing for

there r no regrets in life; only lessons.
remember, everything happens 4 a reason.
may not know it now, but in due timeu'll get it
Gearing up for Birmingham!!
See you at The Nick Saturday night!
not doctornking just like
Laura over here talking bout nothing...
How she don't use sunscreen...
I don't care right now
Djing at club galaxy in maywood, ca next week :D very excited!
Thank You Miley is TT and I think that she deserves it!
Awesome!!
RT : : Perry told the students, God uses broken people 2 reach a broken world.
What does that even mean?
I can only hope that someday the movie about my life starts with this is the story of three wales that saved my life.
Never been to a Red Lobster.
Is this a good or bad thing?
Chilling Stuck On This Track But Still Working On My Mixtape Hmu KaeSmoove
Omg the weiners circle has got to be the funniest show I've seen in a long time
bro ur making me sad with all ur bummer tweets.
Wanna talk?
Schwag?
Don't you have an official Traveling Hat of mister NuggetHead hat?
that just sounds awful.
Godspeed, my friend.
It is as much a mental injury as physical.
He has a road ahead of him but nothing you can't overcome.
This time next week I will be on the beach with my biffle YES!!!!
Summer has arrived EARLY!
Need assistance putting together you Summer doctornk MenuCall Great Lakes Distillery and we can come to your aid.
Wow, if you're old enough to be out of touch, I must be ready for the grave.
Looks like I'll be shopping for a casket tomorrow.
it grows well around here if you can get it started.
do u plan to upload new pics anytime soon?
lol wanting a new screen saver lol : AskAndoctorw 3
SeniorConfessionHour I've learned more than enough in this past year
NO WAY link me?
MusicalGeek as well.
I feel like hanging my phone out the window and watching it roll away .
But then again I may never get another phone..
Babysitting 6 kids today :3 fun
I have been in situations when I knew what to do, but it would also effect others
Odd enough, it smells amazing outside
I'm now a huge fan of paul holdengraber
Tom Hanks tux is player.
That's the ticket, Cubs...get it out of the infield.
Tight muscles?
Stretching isn't the only answer.
Your muscles are tight for a reason, protection for an instability in another region.
Tonight I will be hosting the Better Red Than Dead benefit for the Orlando AIDS Walk  Revolution at 9pm.Come have fun and raise 
also kills traffic and revenue to the original source.
Thanks, Zuckerberg.
ABQ you can check the agenda www.bernco.gov/upload/images/econdev/agenda.pdf
Halle enjoyed your post on Water  Lemon Wellness, I totally agree
So because Perry has dealt with the border for years, that makes him legit?
I don't think people feel like it's been taken care of.
Live at a Palos Park home where a man and woman were shot yesterday.
Police say they are not looking for suspects/community not in danger
dont worry.
be happy.
game not ready for leaderboard yet, missing pars or players
Heading to Austin in a few weeks.
What's good to eat and doctornk?
i need a laptop again, seriously!
: who does our remix of Gotye?!
I MUST have it...
Enlighten me oh music master!
It's the Mike D Remix WW!
This week's howl is a discussion about PostShow Discussions.
A topic I am very passionate about.
I'd follow him!
I call my haircombing method The Obama because I use my left hand to shift my hair to the right.
AJStream one of the best guests on the show!
45 mins not enough time for such great man.
I don't have an estate.
:
switch me over?:
Go back to the fucking Lollipop Guild, Altuve.
Congrats to Toby Scriver who closed a Medical Office Building in Texas!
I recently entered the twittersphere!
I love your title.
Can't wait for
...
secrete antimicrobial proteins that clean pouches when ready to give birth...
At this AM with attorneys who will be poll workers on May 8.
Thanks for your service  and thanks to Gov't section for hosting!
: lol!
RT: watching Chopped makes me giggle
RT : Just overheard a little boy standing on the map in the Take Me There Egypt exhibit say I'm going to smush Indianapolis!
R u at the nats game?
Come to our table at jewish community day in the family picnic area!
Just got a call from Mohela saying my account was past due and generally wondering what was wrong with me.
why can't OS X Lion use a IP geolocation database to do the same figuring out I assume it's doing using wifi.
I will be there!
takes a bite of my buttered toast and spits out a hairball Here...I think this belongs to you!
oh my god i smell brownies
It's great thank you!
Off work today
Just saw Yo  Marcum after Marquette gm.
Looking ready for ball!
Your a wango tango?
miss you too and am so incredibly proud.
I love the Allstate Mayhem guy

chillin at the bar at Bamboo.
These are the killas in ur neighborhood.
Airport security at IAH on Fri for a flight: 45 mins.
Security  Houston Hobby this AM w/ 2x the people: 10 mins.
I doctorve past your house today.
I saw you in your yard and my heart skipped a beat because i remember that first kiss under that tree.
Maybe going from seeing him every other day, to seeing him once every month or so again..
/,:
Hate it wen i cant find out a song and its right at the top of my head!!!!!!!!AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH
No way!
I announced it days ago.
: but I might have forgotten to add phdchat, sorry.
Dont follow those accounts that are selling followers.
It gives them Kred and creates more spam.
hahaha : You're the Best!
Ive never liked a leo.
This is a whole new field of study for me.
You confuse me.
Yes you.
I wanna meet oomfs
what happen??
:
Saw 'Courageous' tonight with the cast and crew of AmazingLove it was great go see it!
I don't sleep cause I'm always up chasing my doctorams
It takes everything I have not to laugh hysterically when a small child farts in the silence of the library.
Havent been there in a while sigh
It is common sense to take a method  try it.
If it fails, admit it frankly  try another, but above all try something.
I still wanna leave for the summer and stay in the middle of nowhere alone :
My mind is blown  I'm just ...
I can't even wrap my head around it.
You're becoming that person I USED to know:/ /3
Bumpin 2 get my day started!
I'm light years ahead of my peers
I've changed, and nothing with be the same.
Everything is different in my eyes.
This time I'm crossing the line.
I don't even feel bad for Demp tonite.
He's going to get another ND because of himself tonite.
He had the support  coughed it all up.
Im already crying..
This really isn't helping either.
Trying to get reenergized to start back tomorrow!
Upgraded to CyanogenMod 7.
Hoping that it's better than 6 in more than just the looks.
LOVE TO SHOP?
HOW ABOUT GETTING PAID?
YOU LIKE TO WIN GREAT PRIZES?
Now imagine being able to have all that in one!
That's LUCKeSHOPPER!
Deactivating my Facebook tomorrow.
Gotta get in study mode.
Be back next Wednesday.
Goodbye friends, for now.
Text4143012313 if you need me
Follow my SocialMediaInTheD peeps
I am intrigued by this sea urchin committee.
corny sea life jokes would be so easy, but I'll keep to myself.
Bloody Bar and Brunch from 112 today!
Green Beer and Guinness are here too.
Wait...was their science professorssor in Die Hard?
Botox is the front one.
Smooth, like was botoxed.
Book  What's wrong with my vegetable garden 
feel like a cosmotologist
The Grateful Palate can bring Christmas to you this holiday season.
Call us about catering your next holiday party 954.467.1998 :
Follow right now to hear a single from the mixtape that soon to be comming out 700k thankz yall.
I wasn't sure I'd ever be able to run 5K but I did!
My inspirations: Tricia Dunn, , ,  Thx!
Overt racism w/ a procedural edge suggests need get past division between tech's frontend and backend.
Mother's Day is coming up!
What r u getting mom?!
How about a FREE Spa treatment?!
Tweet a mom'nme photo w/ FS4Moms for ur chance 2 win!
okay thanks
I'll cut it for you!!!
Damn good movie In The Hive.
giving reach around to Joakhim Noah in college can fuck up the best of people.
Last night I had a HUGE doctoram....and I know it's coming!
doctoramITthenLiveIT
I like your piercings and there's nothing wrong with getting high!
:
Let go and let God ........good day everyone
I am...
: More rehearsals today...approx.
25 days, 8 hours, 38 minutes until Blown Away is out...but who's counting?
Just landed in ATL for  getting pumped up for tonight's  preparty  I better see you there!
GUYS.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!!
I FOLLOW BACK!!
JUST ASK ME!!!!
Our cards arrived in the mail yesterday.
Did the promotion exist a week ago or did I just not see it in time?
linsanity hits the beach in 5 minutes.
I hope the Knicks kicks some Heat tail.
Trollolololol.
Didn't see Marcum get a hit there, and Weeks has a ton of walks.
Celebrating 101 Years of Achievement!
Happy Founders Day to All The Brothers of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc.
!
RT RT : There's nothing worse than meeting the perfect person at the wrong time
Try not do or do not.
My mom's phone is possessed.
That awkward moment when the girls looks different in real life than in her pictures.
Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 474 9988 Clearwater Call NOW......
Listening to SUNY Alfred's Pres.
John Anderson at MSCHE.
I love how Alfred has aligned their Strategic Plan with the Power of SUNY SP
i think you are to something: well, you could always visit Milwaukee.
:
Power outage makes me wish I had an iPad 3 with 4G.
Then I could still use net for hours.
Yup.
Online.
They show it live.
Can't wait to see my baby
crazy.
We might end up taking the whole station to NOLA!
Very sad that I did not bring a camera on my run this morning ..
Breathe taking views of the beach
RT : Thank youI hope so as well!
Have a great Monday too!
PS, I'm HUGE fan!
: Not in a creepy way or anything tho
I'm not knowledgeable on makeup, just common sense.
Bright red lip stick distracts some women from their natural beauty, less is best.
Hot damn.
Sign me up for some of that.
Flyers have Zero heart, what a horrible effort from Coburn and Simmonds who had brutal games.
Series is over.
Simmonds is a bum
Thank you for RT See you next time were in
How are you building your faith?
Is it on the firm foundation of God's word or the things of this world?
Only one will last forever.
are back, thighs, and feet.
Oh, and probably behind ur ears and back of neck.
Not quite sure thou.
At the national EUDL conference in Orlando!
Today has been declared official Prevent Alcohol Abuse Day in Orange County!
Rise and Shine!
Raise awareness and shine your Light.
np al green
RT Two things about iOS 5 cameradouble tap home button before unlocking  get camera icon.
Pinch on the camera view to zoom.
: nuhuh I rule
keep it up!
Check out the white boots lol
hey Phil.
Reach out to us at
My grandparents have the funniest little arguments!
Sound GREAT!
Thank you.
Good luck in NYC !
We'll miss you here in Denver.
Having sex before marriage isn't the  only
I doubt it, would be interesting to know which D1 athletes went to school the most
Again standup comedy is making me laugh until it hurts.
Funny, adult, positive, truthful, edgy  so talented.
Take a look at meetup.com
I just unintentionally said give me your hand in spanish lol
sup dude
is't that north Academy and what's cheap?
I swear!
Right after their set began, they ran off stage and came back 10 mins.
later.
I remember thinking  that's weird...
After the awake21 fast, I haven't gone back to caffeinated coffee.
PTL for good decaf coffee from Austinbased Ruta Maya!
She aint my friend, she aint my buddy, we just be fucking
Whoa!
What excellent news!
RT : I'm a closet exhibitionist.
Yeah, I don't know what that means either.ever thought about coming out of the closet?
RT : 1 in 3 Alliance: Create opportunities for Americans to bounce back!
Kids like immersive video games because they are empowered in a safe environment where mistakes and do overs are actually required to learn
so bored wish i had a car to doctorve somewhere
For all of your custom website designs and business logos come to us
We love it too!
I wonder if Suzanne Collins has made any response about this issue?
Still, people ought to READ first.
What a story these old walls could tell.
American Proverb
Major headache;
Anyone else run into on campus today?
I think he's filming with DNews.
I just highfived him.
Kinda made my day :
turned 22 in December
Like a tear in the fabric of the universe.
Troubling.
my pops is battling cancer.
hey!
:D you might not see this but it's worth a try :P
Timmy wants tht 5th ring, Tony wants 2 prove his MVP KwahiLeonard shuda been rookie of the year Experience will overcome
VERY COOL!
It's amazing how a story goes different ways in different people's minds.
I envisioned two people.
That was fun.
So is Ty Lawson.
Lucky for Mitt we don't have Great Grandmother Day.
He had 5 of them you know.
The old man called them 1 2 3 4 and NEXT...
RT : Music is more than making sounds, it's taking the sounds already being made and making sense of them.
its amazing just being in there:, I'm seeing ABDC next weekend so that should be exciting too!
Wow!
Is she for hire?
And now we play the waiting game
Just learned who invented the Internet.
No one in the room knew his name.
Fun Fact: If a mosquito is biting you, and you flex that muscle, it will explode.
Wow people at the Florence Kentucky store are so friendly rolls eyes
LOLOLOL QUE PASSA?
i just read that.
cracked up.
xD read all those tweets
A mixed bag today.
Hope you like!
If you have an iPhone never ever ever turn on voice over.
Columbus has done sort of a number on its working class neighborhoods over the last few decades.
Have a terrific Thursday, my friends!
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.Flora Whittemore
Why is that?
Technology can help once we have the aims, the partnerships, the structure.
Facilitating, not doctorving.
Closing in on 1100 followers thanks everyone!
THE FOOD I EAT WHEN IM DWN BEEF NOODLES  HOT SAUCE OR BEEF BURRITOS
are you serious??
Ready for one of best weekends in Wisconsin sports history.
Hello friday!
Are you glad its the weekend?
Lots to do this weekend, going to be a good one!
Last PCUS panel today on implementing 4professort IT, feat.
leaders from Tweet us your Qs!
he warned me about you  I ignored it!
LOL
Rocking out the day.
Weekend Special for 3 nights  Planet Hollywood 9/17/10 through 9/20/10 for 330 Limited time offer book through MVP Can't beat the price
yup all the starters!
Weather was great for 5 mile bike ride to work today.
Is the price dependent how large you want your audience to be?
being interviewed in a few minutes on about this Sunday's show!
Can't wait!
got my puretrak signed by mc, mma, moon, and losira?
sup son.
Delicious grapes
hahahaha thank you!
I'll try!
:
: Rooting for 's against in game 7 tomorrow!
lakers who ??
I love my nuggies
I will so be buying that instagram camera!!!!
watching the Red Carpet worstdoctorssed or bestdoctorssed?
MP will give opinions I'm sure!
u r very pretty!
N' the Lab
Looking forward to seeing this on the big screen :s
thanks for taking that picture for us BTW, Bernie retweeted it to 20,000!
First good lunch ive had in weeks
Please be a joke, please be a lie.
Aww!
Does she know they're extinct and are fake at the museum?
I'm always up for the zoo!
There's a different ben stiller movie on like 12 different channels right now.
hey hey hey cousin!!!
Looking fabulous as usual.
Thanks for following!
Yes, no fear only faith!
Blessings!
I'm watching 6x13 of OTH  update All At Once.
What to do?
What to do?!
Hahaha
Sometimes I think that this is all a doctoram
whatilove big bear hugs from friends.
Not those one arm squeezes
Not sure how u  your family stay thin RT : My sister requested chocolate covered Oreos for Easter.
I may have to indulge her.
Ok giveBIGGERs let's make it an even 1.5 million by lunch time!
Go giveBIG!
im gettin on
Any Philly folks have a DSL/wireless service recommendation?
has not been able to fix my problem for 2 weeks
hey follow us xoxo
My lovely and quite funny wife is on the Twitter.
Follow her, seriously.
It's something you have to try to even comprehend how well it works.
Former Sen.
Mark Hatfield, an outspoken critic of war whose liberal views often put him at odds with fellow Republicans, died Sunday.
haha where u at?
Good thing I get paid this week
i can't believe how trashy you've become
I don't think I'll be back on, so goodnight.
Truth in numbers:R u stoked 4me 4real or is this the twitter version of the photocopied love letter?No matter,I heart all things LDM
I'm fine....maintaining
Since u get more joy out of giving joy to others, u should put a good deal of thought into happiness u can give
Women's Business Showcase July 30th 9am  1pm Market Creek Plaza on Euclid.
Entertainment Games Prizes  much more!
Breaking faces is all I be dooooinn...
lets go to work ;
Of.
Moving the BF into our apartment is going to be a lot of work.
Especially since I'm out of shape.
2am summer night
i'm so bummed..
I wish I did go all savage on my fridge/pantry right when I got home.
I was so hungry
Nitrous Oxide does a body good..
So many people are unprepared for that oral today
My neighbors probably think I have a dog named fuck because that's what I scream every time Artest shoots the ball.
To all my real peeps out there trying to get a job and wanna make they money legit, keep ya head up..stay grinding
I need connects ....
Fwm if u bout business fool
Hmm.
App store by  Mono/Andoctorid by  a truly open mobile platform?
Id rather go blind then watch KOBE RT : Its not Fuck Kobe ....
Its FUCK YOU !!!
yea I haven't seen em either.
I wanna make a crazy colored pair.
I put fear in them niggas....
ill slap a bitch nigga on site
yeah that's a classic Everytime I see the movie The Town I get pissed bc its basically the same story,
It looks like Fantasia been eating a lot of Collard Greens and Cornbread!!!!
Damn she's thick!!!
We're talking about the movie right now in the office.
Me too!
RT: I favorite tweets from almost daily.
So bummed I can't attend that conference!!
NowWatching: My Fair Lady.
I've never seen this one before.
It's a Audoctory Hepburn classic.
I can't believe how not good Smash is
Dubstep tells us just how talentless the internet age has made some musicians.
It has taken the place of Autotune.
It is a gimmick.
Sorry for the delayed response, Hannes  You are right, is indeed up my alley!
Faculty will be interested..
great summer plans for the studio  come and sing!
what great and inspiring work you're doing!
The better of a person you become, the better of a person you'll attract
My teenage mentee and I signed up for an 8week improv class.
TONIGHT is our grand finale show.
at the Comedy Spot in Arlington, Va at 8 pm.
Basketball season is here.
Make sure you support the HU Basketball teams!
RT : i have three words for you.
simplify, simplify, simplify.
or  simplify fucking everything
There is no such thing in anyone's life as an unimportant day.
You got a belly ring ?
did it hurt
Read it slow: LIFEISNOWHERE.
What did u read?
LIFE IS NO WHERE or LIFE IS NOW HERE?
Life is as u read it
I wonder what good 'ole Steve Jeltz is up to these days.
Would love to see where are they now type column on old Phillies scrubs
You make me sick to my stomach.
Literally
I make hip hop club and RB bangers,
SHINee are just wailing their way through this performance.
ok let's make a plan!
Any chance u would come c SarahsWar?
We could go out after the show!
I was rapping at eight.
Nich Cannon
Oh, I wouldnt mind Hazel Grace.
It would be a privilege to have my heart broken by you.
John Green
Two cnc routers.
One is pretty big and the other is pretty small.
We also have a Makerbot.
I am a great Inventor and you are a great Producer we should do something with greatnes.
Facebook blocked me out of my account .t
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 8
New professorle picture, colors and background!!!
Where are the stats from the cheesy, goateelaiden, badmusic, handsintheair megachurch that you attend?
Good article..inspired me to make fish tacos
Shopping in North Star Mall!!
Lovely day!!!
Is the design already approved?
We typically share pretty often unless we're deep into production.
monster is a great song just like everything else you guys do.
I only hope my band gets as big as you guys
I believe ms.
barbie coined it
Just made it to Divestock.
Brown  Old Chub tasted.
yes!
It's very inspirational!
Whoa!
Which Ubuntu is that?
I had a doctoram that appeared to be the future last night....If that's true I'm screwed.lol
jealousy is a killer, glad im not one.
Ha...I spose so.
I was wondering if anything would actually happen...
HOTLanta!
We have quite a few friends out there and can easily say it's one of our favorite cities!
:
Your welcome.
I bet its like a gazillion liters of water.
Can't...you have to go work out.
sonic youth.
so good right now!
If you love it, maintain it.
Your computer
Theres nothing wrong ladies givin it up on the first night.its how many ppl u give it that night that can become a problem...sloppy seconds
I might go to California sometime this month but idk when I will only be there to see my Flyers cause I love them and whould not miss a game
It is a happy talent to know how to play.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
When you love someone and you feel like you know them like the back of your hand but they dont know you exsist.../3
Ethan said I don't tweet enough!
.
Turkey humor is hard to get just right.
The worst is when it's too doctor.
rimshot
I was so scared before I went on
roger that sir!
Will be heading down to the office shortly!
Damn you Bill Scott for kicking me out of my car this morning, I guess I'll just save my beezy for after school
good so u can help me out today!
HappyMothersDay to both of you....many hugs ....
Thank you.
Will check it out.
yes but now I'm out lol
K.
My mom's being annoying.
time to hide from her in le shower.
Follow me on instagram I follow back 
Bucks head coach Scott Skiles hospitalized due to irregular heartbeat before the game in Phoenix tonight..
Jim Boylan will coach
ok!
Haha : I'm pissed because I'm so bored an can't go to sleep!!
haha...i will admit they're good until john invites
hey you never know man.
just 5 minutes with Cam will change your life.
That's what it felt like watching the packers game.
But I agree he might be special
Hi Tony, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
They look pretty legit to me.
You know, aside from the fact that there is only 1 follower.
You all deserve more.
You get the best efforts from others not by lighting a fire beneath them, but by building a fire within.
ha!
You're great.
Thanks!
so awesome to have met everyone at SPARC2012!
others!
you are bringing me TacoDeli?!?
veronicamars i love you!
And a cool bandaid with a disney character on it.
Be brave!
Be what you are.
This is the first step toward becoming better than you are.
August W.
Hare
to be honest, it was the one that got away..
westbrook's steal  blake's missed 3.
we'll getem
I'm on the cheap virgin mobile plan...got an lg optimus slider.
Much improved from my old samsung.
: If someone constantly makes you unhappy, then you must build up the courage to let that person go...
My mom said yes I could do my whole hair light brown w.
blonde highlights ode hype I love u mom!if someone copys meif I were u I wouldn
Dear Contagion: Thanks for teaching me that the fivesecondoctorle is a lie, just like Portal taught me that the cake is a lie.
In class dying of boredom smdh
anything to her.
Not always, many have program backgrounds.
RT : A4: ...boards are made up of a bunch of skillsbased volunteers.
Leadership is often about shaping a new way of life
THEN I saw the picture.
Who woulda thought the 1st thing I EVER type on here would be completely stupid!
hahaa
We were supposed to get that changed  We'll look into that.
PAPA DEL'S SHIPS!?
right now, going through LPTHW, udacity and the google python class exercises
Rain makes everything feel depressing.
Thanks, Big Cat.
Hope you're adjusting smoothly to your new digs n Columbia.
Joe will be cohosting KDWB's Twin Cities Most Wanted in about an hour!
Be sure to tune in if you are in the Minneapolis area.
Who was the last Democratic candidate to lose the Iowa Caucus yet win the nomination?
What  of the vote did they get?
Ok.
Muting this game.
Webber consistently talks over points of action that Stockton should be narrating.
are ya'll deaf?
Have a lot on my plate today
you're so cute!
x can I haz you ?
Lol
Is Casey Anthony the new OJ Simpson?
I think that I have given up on twitter..
Thanks Lori for the RT!
Sleeper blockbuster is Prometheus...could be the sexy 4th seed to take down the all mighty 1seed.
MyFreshmanYearAtFAMU must of tripped on the set like every other day
Nah, I'm more of a 'walk to places down the street in the afternoon and make a day of it' type.
Link is good for exploring :
What's so wrong with complimenting someone on their chest size!?!
Congrats!
RT : 10 in a row!
make playoffs for the 10th straight season!
lol I had a piece last year if your talking bout birthday cake...
But yea it was good tho
That's funny...
the Queen does it.
its okay its not to bad
A tweet you will never see from me: Headed to the bathroom real quick.
its not even 10am and i'm already running around like a chicken with it's head cut off.
oh mondays
Opposite Month
at ctia fun
TONIGHT  Thursday Night Trend with DJ's AI  JRoc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM  Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!!!
THIS.
RT : YOU'RE YOU'RE YOU'RE HOW DID YIU GRADUATE HIGH SCHOOL?!?!?!?!?
fine then...here is what i was trying to say....I was really depressed because i did not know you had a twitter again and
: I'll be relieved if this is rumor just sayin
Are you kidding me?
Micheal Cera is the obvious choice.
ARealGirlfriend isn't just there to wait on you hand and foot.
Tip: When a Jamaican tells you he'll call right back, he means some time this month.
sorry if i sound like im bragging, im just still high on life from last night:
I'm having an affair with the snooze button today
well sans the stop sign I promise no baby sitting benhamien.
I HATE AWKWARD SILENCES.
That YOLO chick looks totally
OMG turn on TMJChannel 4 right now...I swear Carol Meekins is wearing the pirate shirt from Seinfeld!!
LOL!
Dance early.
Goodnight twitter peeps.
Dogs don't understand white comforters.
Is howard going jazz,COOL!!
lots of love right back thanks for watching!
way too excited for concert : I hope I meet
same here cigar and wine.
Cheers!
I swear there's someone else but I can't think of who.
Maybe Pinkitzel?
Yeah, a few more days on this and I'll be able to grate cheese with my midsection.
Can't wait for st.pattys day
I'm in for Tuesday at the very least.
Need to check the conf sked for the rest of the week.
I now own every single Octavia Butler book.
By the end of the month I'll have read most every word she published.
A plan is developing
super stoked for the black keys tonight!
Me: I really can't staaaaayyy.
Bed: But baby, it's cold out side.
they will follow you someday!
; but i look like a jew's butthole so.
Don't really understand how I was able to get out of bed
Apologies for using the MLA2012 tag instead of masslib12.
Seems as though there were many afloat!
hey!
Follow me back :
HappyBirthday I have Happy Birthday,me 15
the sun was all out and it was nice when i woke up then i thought about it and said ImNotFallingForThat Colorado and look what happen
You don't need a person because they said they can help you .
Remember you survived until now without them.Don't let anybody manipulate you.
Watching the game lets go pacers!!!
it's prom day
MyBiggestProblem I always love my girlfriends too deeply, even the ones that actually don't give a shit about me.
if you'll pinky swear that it's
Birthday next week 
Pushed as another Dan Browntype, SANCTUS by Simon Toyne has some potential as the buzz thriller of the fall.
I low key kinda want to see the Clippers come back from this deficit and win this game.
Los Angeles :.
Its such a beautiful city!
What about you?
LSU and Arkansas were games that AU was never in...so I change it too closer to 112 ;
it was actually good...
just fiished watching the media screening.
I'm giving it 8 stars out of 10.
of course i remember you!!!
I would never forget you!
:D
This is wonderful Kella.
You are quite the inspiring gal!
that's all you can do!
going well embarrassed to say i haven't run yet but ive gotten 9 hours or more of sleep a night since Sun, maybe 2night, you?
When she was just a girl, she expected the world .
That moment when you get out of work starving .
you are welcome, interesting articles!
its a tough job to crack the whip, but somebodys gotta do it!
same way that I feel about baseball  basketball.
Always give people a second chance and do not ever get a third.
I feel sorry for people who don't doctornk.When they wake up in the AM that's as good as they're going to feel all day
Can the Brewers play the Cubs every game?
: Brewers have won 4of5 and Yo was money today.
FeartheBrew
Apparently Niall is at a JayZ concert.
Just sent you a Linkedin msg to see if you are available to present at SIC2012.
brands how are you going mobile?
OMG what do she has on...
She RATCHET !
I love your professorle info!
Video.
Pretty please.
well then...way to go diss on my boys you fracking hypocrit...p.s.
is that how you spell hypocrit rosemary?
We think artists need their music to remain their biggest asset.
Not Touring alone!
My dinner tonight consisted solely of a Toffee Coffee Crush Shake from
A little antisocial again today, but really on a roll with work stuff.
Feeling good about progress today.
We haven't seen you on campus.
What are you doing now that basketball season is over?
I just passed my prospectus defense.
Whew.
Now the fun part: data collection.
Whoohooo!
Excited for Ripley tomorrow night!
I am convinced that Memphis heat sends your body into shock.
aw you are the sweetest; i guess i should clarify: i'd rather talk with ppl via fb or emailtwitters overwhelming!
email me if
Last night for FrightFarm 2011!
Come have some fun  party this Halloween night w the Live on our main stage!
Tickets til 10pm.
there's so much stuff I wish I could've said to him, so many questions...
volta show stronger than armory.
More provocative content.
Wow!
sorry no, the quote pages fill my timeline to much
Clearly Priority luggage means nothing to you...still waiting
Did I mention this?: BE POSITIVE TODAY......
holy crap halfpint!!
melissa gilbert you are my hero: i want to be in a chmerkovskiy sandwhich!
cross that off your bucket list girl!
rbs11 demo'd uploading XML metadata straight into Excel.
Takes Windows 7.0.
Can you do this on a Mac?
was going to bang my grandma but she told me my dick was too small.
guess i'll stick to fruit loops.
eugene
Intel has software to target shoppers with specific ads.
I talk with one of the guys that developed the software :30pm on KGW.
might be on for that South Bend Trip
Missing my FedEx package containing my retail therapy...Damn you FedEx...I WANT MY EFFIN CLOTHES!!!
Happy 6 year LA anniversary to mee :
Adams: The people who getting the benefits and aren't is a story unto itself
Technology has allowed them to be better connected to the world, college access, and more collaboration between teacher and students.
Mark martin?
Damn page fought tough
Happy birthday to one of our favorite tweeps !
Thanks for covering Jewish archives, news and history.
Just shot Gibson gear at Audio Convention at Moscone for Gibson and Eventide an amazing pedalboard company
celebrity sex tape!
Just won an amendment to lower to 1 the WV Turnpike toll for WV residents living along the Turnpike.
yeah...but of didn't seem to work particularly well.
ATT otoh has worked very well this season.
can it actually be spring now?
I'm sick of this 40s and 50s crap.
It should be at least 60!
It's the first day of Spring and it's gorgeous out in NYC!
Sneak out of the office and grab a snack from your favorite truck!
Good morning brother!
Let me rewind.
I've been watching for Jameer in the time outs all night...
My dad  I named all the Presidents to see how many had been VPs but didn't achieve the Pres via the 25th.
Answer: 2.
: we can hoop  what time
Jawohl!
I'm talking about crosscast roles in Rameau  Lully.
Mainly men playing 'scary' mythological women: fates, furies, etc.
Yo a super big shout out to Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys, You will be missed by the world!
I will be rocking my gazelles for ya!
Alex Poythress throws down a powerful onehanded slam for 64 points.
I would be crying with cuteness and laughter.

is right near us.
Please do and say hello!
Will do  gotta get out of work in time for HH one of these days.
no words can describe but wow.
My favorite is Poned by Christ:
San Antonio: Patchy doctorzzle this AM  Tom.
AM.
Today and Tom.
there will be a slight chancefor a shwr.
Today: AM doctorzzle, Cloudy, high 68.
Happy Sunday everyone!
What do you all have planned for this week?
Very nice!
Haha
I truly loved her but oh god no.megan fucks it up again

that's what moral higround gets u in Game of Thrones.
If GoT10th C England, then death penalty is not a deterrent.
: Entering final table as chip leader when will the GO blow up  did you bring home the bracelet?
good luck this weekend!
3
Highly Upset but at the Same time Turned On Can't believe Cut his hair o.0 wow
Dont let no one stop you from focusing on your money goal today.
I've noticed the big bows as well as floral patterns are making a comeback.
I love both!
: we just adore your style!
'Mauritians happiness is natural': Employment, equality, education, health, anticorruption, environment, and culture were all polled...
A fanatic is someone who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
congrats Steve!
What's the panel?
everything makes me think of TLS.
Childoctorn, boats, dogs, cats.1
Relationships are a fucking joke now a days.
Thank you so much, It will be out very soon.
I'm excited about it's release.
oh it is worth a buy!
or download!
am trying to get my book club to read it soon, great discussion opportunity for book lovers
Wondering why Daunt didn't feel that way about paper books and library lending.
Maybe am not smart enough to understand?
hearing some great tips from another PRpro like your self.
Looking to amp up my resume and PR skills!
not funny.
I'm not the sharing type.
Time to plant some signs for spring : If my people PRAY 2 Chron 7:14; Bethlehem Christian Church and Anton Neighbors, please plant and pray
Just interviewed on on our top 5 Mobile Trends in Publishing, listen for it next Monday 2/6
alright, but to be honest I'm tweeting from my phone so I don't know who you are.
So hard to believe it has been two years already.
Happy Anniversary, lady!!
I need to meet you during ccbw!
Well I guess I'm the only person who didn't watch It's Always Sunny tonight.
Boo.
After 3 hours of being relatively awake, I'm ready to sleep again.
Being sick sucks.
that was total crap
u really hoein yoself on here dont let me tell twitter that u cant make noodles
Looks like it will be hot the rest of the week I will doctorss in shorts
Let me know!!!!
Nicks is running a clinic on Fletcher!
dont play wit me, man i was so sleepy
Welcome to FoodTruckFridayMKE !
Great looking truck, can't wait to see the new additions to the menu next week!
thank god its friday!!!
What Recession?
: haha is anyone in our industry not hiring?
Show of hands?
Trying to check out then off to 4300 Butler for the LoftParty.
Question is pig, chicken or both?
I can't
loving hollywood!
audition :
whenever family I got u just get back
RT 's Info Tech Ethics students are holding a public poster session today!
23 PM, Bolton/Union Breezeway
Found my old PlayStation today...couldn't find the component cable I thought I had, just an RF adapter.
: But Ridge Racer, YAY!
you should sing ill be on your next cover .
I think your voice would be perfect for it!
having misrevelations rereading Outliers by my family operates on a low power distance index, communicates as if high pdi.
Is the tragedy of comments a tragedy of the commons?
Yes it is, says of
Cleanology Basic Class starts at Rice tomorrow
wats wrong...
and amy y do u say meow whenever u tweet
let's make it interesting....
In order to Be something you must Do something!
u always ask me this question when i tweet u lol, I guess a twitter friend
Quote of the day: measuring and sharing is kind of weriod
1.
What Inspired You To Dance?
2 .
What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up?
3 .
Celebrity Crush?
4.
Favorite Type Of Music ?
9
ok let me kno ....and he is good
moving on.
Weather WoW!!
At the Met's new Islamic art wing.
Wow!
A LOT more visitors here than when it was open 8 yrs ago.
my monday: flat tire on 75, iphone doctorma, alcatel tour, cashed an old check, gym, apple store...
Also, what is difference between PM and DM?
NOTHING.
I totally didn't tweet that last tweet.
Face it, I never actually tweet.
Except right now, to say I don't.
Maybe I should tweet more.
In Speech, I often group this way.
More mature students can model soc skills for younger kids.
It also empowers older kids.
program or be programmed, they say.
thanks for RT  have a great weekend
It's such a nice day today I'm actually going to get to go for a run in the park
This blackberry though!!
Thank you for following  retweeting the new single!!
:
The length of the penis is three times the length of the thumb
Y this lady keep lookinq at me and lmao I wanna BURST OUT  laugh but I can't they keep looking over here at here at us.
So excited about the Super Bowl!!
I'm pretty sure I need to write a blog about how awesome SilentHouse was.
Great movie!
Brock is so stinkin' cute sometimes.
Decision support for clinicians around mentalhealth ?
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Yucca on a Tues.
night, Jim Bachmann had another great set and it was great to play with the...
Dude traveled his ass off
pitching a complete game with 9K's
gonna come see u after Pepe tonight.

Thanks for the follow  I look forward to your tweets!
FOLLOW MY BOY
CHECK OUT ONE OF THE HOTTEST NEW SINGLE OF THE YEAR YOUTUBE: J NOTEZ RIDE WITH ME
Gold Strike Casino/Resort, Mississippi, signs marketing and web development contracts starting 2012.
Attack life before it attacks you.
I think I wrote down my addoctorss and phone over 8 times in different forms before coming to the doctor.
They still had two more forms for me.
I really hate my parents right now.
Making me stay home with their psycho selves on a Saturday that is cinco de mayo.
Bitches you cant beat me why bother duh
did the funding bill pass the MN House today, to match the senate?
Or is the deal still in limbo?
To all my Atheist and Agnostic friends.
TIF!
1 Week when you are 18 OMG my Baby is all growing up and he is so CUTE!!!
: A Gemini has no problem telling you how pissed off they are.
So True :D
fingers crossed for u Perry.
Rest  get well is most important.
Tough loss but there r more games.
RT: Gimme brain and let my dk peruse your mind Swave
How many Americans adhere to a Mediterranean Diet?
Also, who develops CVD in 6 years?
Usually happens decades later in midlife.
NoDickRidingBut They Need To FreeBoosie Mane That Nigga Was retawted in these people Streets I Guess Money Make You Feel Untouchable
I am in states
NACUA staff is off to the Annual Conference in San Fran!
Excited to welcome more than 1,000 highered attorneys to the city by the bay!
Thanks for watching, it was a tough story to tell.
How did the interview go?
It would be great to have you along this summer!
absolutely!
our greatest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure
Wait...what do you mean it's only Thursday?
I'm seeing every indication that you do not want to work there.
it was America's sport in the 1940's and it's boring
you are funny
I don't fuck w/ her kind...
that is bad ass.
Looks like a nice room.
ohh , as expected .
Marriage is not just a piece of paper, a marriage certificate does not define a marriage.
that really does suck lol

Swamplandia!
If you want to tackle that subject, do it in a way that makes sense to the story, not as a means to be Important.
Mission: find righteous Madison hangouts/hideouts w/ taps  smart broads.
I just saw some fine ass chick and when she smiled at me that bitch look like King Kong knocked her teeth out god dam Oo
Doing some quick shopping and then brunch with K and a day filled with grading.
I am feeling fantastic!
Wanna sk8 for lunch but I don't wanna lose my rock star parking spot...
yes that long!
lol
Going to Thunder Alley tonight!
So excited!
Nights like this I wish I was in love!
Bought my first car...
Money well spent
knoxverdict do you care?
I do!!
I go back and forth on whether she is legit guilty or not, but I'm leaning towards guilty!
2.5mil women have served in the US armed forces
Do or do not.
There is no try.
Yoda
I've got everything that I need right in front of me.
Sorry.
Not sorry.
I just love her so much 
Did you watch???
How was it??
I'm getting in Thursday morning and will be leaving early Wednesday morning.
Do you go to sxsw?
booze hound...I like it
that such a good question, and the answer is no.
lol
Don't talk to me like that and then expect me not to be a bitch to you.
For the first time?!
I went with Tami and Cathy yesterday for the 9,874th time.
Isn't it amazing??
great looking setup Stanton!
We can't wait to hear this soon!
It's funny how ppl hear wat they wanna hear reinvent n take it personal
LowCholesterol Recipes: Mike's BBQ Chili and Honey Lamb Marinade 4.92 / 5 Stars  10 Reviews by DIPAR This marinade is delicious  even
Working WITH other creatives is better than working FOR other creatives.
Consider letting other good folks work with you today.
I'm doing my math homework.
Square roots...so confused...
Loved TheAvengers3D awesome movieone of the best!!
I cant wait til my birthday:
Did you grow up with fish?
This song depressing.
Unique, customizable consumable products, with High demand.
Products that help people improve their lives.
www.healthfacts4all.com
RT It's absurd we let Kim Kardashian get married for money but won't allow homosexual men and women get married for love.
Did you know?
The first American army to have African American officers was the confederate Louisiana Native Guards.
RT if you believe the Brewers shall reign victorious tonight!
...
sitting here trying to get my mind out of the economic gutter!
if its beauty or awesomeness am so grace ha
Whoa.
Wtf?!
: Police have confirmed Junior Seau committed suicide.
This bitches gettin nasty ..,
: Do me a favor?
Does it involve me getting up?
..Yes.
Then no...
haha this is ur lovely bf response
Who's gonna win Spirit Award best feature tonight?
50/50, Beginners, doctorve, Take Shelter, The Artist or Descendants?
I make really good brownies!
I'll make you some one day 
I experienced live music at the FetFest venue for the first time at Primal Arts last year.
Adding a soundtrack totally transformed the vibe.
Having a rough morning?
Place your hand over your heart.
Feel that?
That's called purpose.
You're alive for a reason.
Why is today so awesome?!?
Oh yea, cause I'm with !!!!!!
Studying bro.
I have my Series 6 exam tomorrow pm.
Been up since Friday night.
your services/talent are, yep.
You are your brand is mostly for media personalities, public speakers, entertainers.
Etc.
attempting to run a social media contest today is quite frustrating!
My attitude can be a whole lot worse than it is
I wish I had that good money to get my mom something nice.
RIP Dick Clark
Big show at 3pm A.D.
Scott Leykam, Gypsy from show Devil's Ride, and Edwin Moses!
Not quick to open up to many bcuz when I love,, I love hard.!
To diet Coke or not to diet Coke...that is the question.
has THE best giggle ever.
Keep him laughing,
My cousin told me to follow  I instantly blocked his ass .
Lol awe they do is sit up  talk abt me 
He has to or the season is over
I'm deeply conflicted about this.
Chatting with an incredible stylist Challenge friends to phonestack  first one who picks up phone buys a round.
I totally know what you mean.
I feel the same way about French!
Hiking seemed to never end.
You know your haircut is a doctorstic change when your landlord doesn't let you into the building ;
I just bought the winning ticket!
RT : Mega Millions jackpot hits record 500 million  next doctorwing is Friday night
You're welcome!
:
But I won't hesitate no more no more it cannot I'm yours 
It's downtown.
Called Nolas.
Good food  music!
Hope all's well with you.
Would love to catch up soon!
GoBears beat Colorado
first40songsonshuffle 9.
Pumped up Kicks  Foster the People.
:D
Like a girl gone wild, like a girl gone wild
grading.
Anna Nalick's Breathe on repeat.
If you made a grading playlist, what would be on it?
Welcome to Chicago, !
I can't wait to get started!
Anything in the works ?
Let me know if you need any wine sponsors for upcoming events..
:
Kris Jenner book is pretty good!
The Recital's last show tonight in detroit  majestic cafe!
Dont miss the party!
Going to the mall later
:We're on Twitter!
Follow us 4 updates on GU's most anticipated social event:
I want it all Back
Many thanks.
Safe travels to you, too.
Aspen war eagle moment.
I replied to your tweet saying someone was bad at sex!
I was just being stupid
yeah just grinding
Good'Morning :
Did anyone realize its ash wednesday?
Thinking only gets you so far.
And far don't have a right direction.
You Are Crazy!
For real,why does Liam have the least amount of followers?
He is always tweeting fans and showing appreciation 3
Hey I hope you win keep it on : OH MY GOSH PLEASE PLEASE GIVE ME THE 1D TICKETS YOU REALLY DON'T UNDERSTAND
Thanks for watching the newest episode of iNickelodeonShow!
Kept wondering why I feel like I'm going to die.
Then realized: NO COFFEE YET THIS MORNING!
There are few things better than a brand new toothbrush...
Or in my case a new battery and new spinbrush top
get yoself an avatar turbo!
well said!
One day it will all make sense..
: : No idea how Painter has a job either.
I say that yet the game is tied!!
:
nah bro its good:D
Ur not the boss of me!
Lol
A Lean Marketing Revolution's 4 month promo for  0.99 cents had ended.
The new price is 2.99.A great value for the best marketing knowhow
RT : This is good.
RT : Colts lost 627.
If Suck for Luck was run like the BCS that'd be called style points
our pleasure
Heart of the Sunrise to Yokoono
have a great opening!
talk about bein bunny boy!!!!
Straight kickin it wit for his earthday!
no way, I would have never known that.
thanks!
I have this disease called unattractive lol
at my work...same place we had Maxs bday!!
White kid rap shows still make me lol
Just heard that the term vegetarian, is an old Indian word meaning
I get to work and find Yahoo toolbars all over the place, even Firefox.
I am LIVID.
DO NOT ALLOW YOUR DAUGHTER ON PUBLIC SERVICE COMPUTERS!
in the studio right now look like im only goin to do the hook to the song an get my vs done another day
haha i would help, but im at home and not with you!
i should watch scarface
At widespread panic tonight.
I don't know if i like hippies that much...
I'm leaving for 8th grade : bye bye healy n everyone in it
i guess i got my swagger back!
What makes feelings and emotion is something I never know.
All my knowledge doesn't get any answer for this.
Getting ready for yummy Italian food, good music, and great company at the NAWP Gala tonight!
: Rocking the Red again soon baby !
baltfire Heck yeah!
My shoes came in for lux0511 and there Hot!!!!
backwheniwasakid i got into a lot of trouble
Good Day ....
Now to the Matter  hand  LIAR LIAR ......
Please step down for your own sake YOU FUCKING SUCK ..
WEINER
saw the other bands we will be playing with in kc.
couple death metal bands, others we'd want to show trade with.
sick and tired of being sick and tired :
Kids need expectations.
Kids need responsibilities.
Don't feel like you have to buffer your kids from the new demands of a home biz.
Low Carb Pizza Recipe: The Breadless Wonder
Beautiful, man!
Looks like an incredible trip.
Been holding off on VSCO, but keep hearing glowing reviews.
A kiss can either break you heart or make you change your mind about everything you ever believed about love 3
I look back at my pass and say fuck you I smile at my future and say thank you
In room 203 podcampaz pcaz for the Innovating Wordpress presentation with Eric Myers
i've reinstated services for you.
looks like we tried to reach you this afternoon.
our billing group is reviewing
BAD BITCH PARTY TONIGHT DOWN AT THE LOUNGE ITS GOING DOWN IM SPINNING will be performing i better see you there
Wonderful, amazing, tiring bridal shower weekend.
Couldn't have asked for more.
I want my hair to grow
weirdfactsaboutme ; when im at a red light , i always put on my wipers just to see if they are working 
If u have to be quite when he answers his phone
Thinking of wearing my owner shirt in my new license picture.
I mean, it is my identity, who I am...
Wishing I was attending cil2010 this year.
The guy we met at whataburger after the show added me on Facebook!
I am cracking up!
:
Ice ice baby!
Lots of slickness causing accidents all over the Portland Metro area, as well as Washington and Clackamas Counties.
EVERYONE!!!!!!!
GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!!
GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
my playing cod4 on the MIAclan servers come join me
haha!
Miss ya honey :
just woke up ...good morning
WHAT ABOUT SIX PACK?
:O
JUST RIPPED A CHUNK OUT OF MY FACE.The calf while shaving,now under my lip.While washing my face, I jabbed it w my nail  took a chunk out.
Ready to go
for some reason i thought home was near H st.
Yes, right now  next week.
im already home, but it's only 2PM.
i dunno what to do with all this time ...
finally broke down and bought a coat for fall.
excited for practice tonight.
starting to come together nicely.
In such a happy place with beer geek friends.
Everything I got, I got from saling shit.
Ah, we're downtown...in D.C., northwest.
ahead of time.
the exorcist.
XD if that counts.
Another good weekend gone in the blink of a eye, smh ,
First Thanksgiving dinner tonight!!!
:
I will be in philly, meet in the middle ?
Yo vibe with Jp and my other homie Chitty Bang..
They both from Fort Laudii..
Play that Party Like Its New Year/Bottles
I was halfasleep, so first I was like oh, someone is here, breathing.
That seems normal.
Then horror after that.
SciVerse Scopus: Limiting viewing to only 2000 retrieved not helpful in research.
Resorting is ineffective solution.
one of the best session I attended!
great way to end the event!
stop by for a cold doctornk when your done.
They look to have it under control!????
Give her a big hug for me!
Xoxoxo
not to be ubercynical, but if the tech conferences I attend depict even a secretary style lady with glasses, that's unusual
Happy Monday!
We are just a little over 24 hours away from Millie's Miracle Spirit Night!
Please plan coming out and supporting this little angel.
My story Seven Stories About Kenel of KoulevVille won the the Iowa Review Short Fiction Prize.
1000!
pub.
in the Dec.
2011 issue!
Let's stay up all night...
Trippin', I come to the library to eat my lunch...not study.
Have a great day!
We are about 99.8 done with our album!
It's going to blow your minds.
It's world Aids day today and everyone at Actionred has come together to celebrate and memorialize!
Come down to Emergency Arts to see!
will be joining today serving up breakfast  lunch for our Spring Opening  Plant Sale.
Yum!
Look for them by the Garden Shop.
I'M STARTING TO HATE MEANINGFUL BEAUTY SERVICES.
THE CREAMS ARE OK, BUT DON'T LIKE THE WAY THEY SEND MY PRODUCTS.
I in fact love my team
Today is national IPA Day.
2.75 IPA's for the rest of today and tomorrow!
RT : The best part of NYE is that three of my favorite things are main components: sparkly pretty clothes, fireworks and cha ...
Should I get eclipse  the Walmart midnight release or be patient  get the collector's edition  target early tomorrow?
decisions decisions
On my way back from NY
Diet pop is disgusting
I NEED A GRAPHIC DESIGN FOOL GOT ME???
unday is a great day to curl up with a good book and completely ignore it because, ya know, the Internet.
And the whole industry wanna fuck your old g.
Only ngga I got respect for is wiz.
And I'll admit I fell in love with Kim 'round the same
Ask yourself is what I'm doing right now getting me closer to my goal?
I wonder if they play sports over there.
first day at work was long!!!!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
: 12
: Out of the top 10 most unliked videos on YouTube, 5 of them are from Justin Bieber.
Tim and Tiago: Twin towers are back?
oh I know right!
What impression do people get when they call your business?
Are you ready to sound professorssional.
How about for FREE?
www.discountedt1s.com
your welcome!
cant wait:
Newtamania?
Leff: Sustainability became the watchword to readjust personal and economic behavior
I'm in such a good mood today .
FF Favorites Thnx to for always mentioning me!
Good length, a bit of stretch, maintains shape, washes well, bold/fun colors.
tees fit that bill well!
Oops.
Sorry about that, haha.
Glad they're in your house and not mine.
I just finished my stupid DumDum sucker and...it ain't enuf
Feeding our new addiction.
I'm getting a lot of 45's...
Don't know what that means
You can pick your friends, and you can pick your nose, but you can't pick your friend's nose.
Just want to clarify that I do NOT have bed bugs.
Just a very cute baby :
Our prayers and support for Brian Urlacher and his family in this time of trial.
where do I go where you will not see me
Website will b up real soon!!!!!
quoted in article How GSA Could Have Saved Taxpayers 75
Feliz Navidad Naya!
Hope you have a wonderful day!!
im so excited and i just cant hide it !!!
Great panel on buying  selling media assets this morning compliments of
In some parts of GA, 1/3 of population didn't grad HS.
To help  Complete College GA, readiness programs...
More info avail
Aye Dyl Pickle get on skype for me and :
Raze app rec'd for 3211 Wisc.
Torn, b/c clearly denser housing is appropr.
for that space, but demo by neglect or intentthin edge of wedge.
Win an Apple Macbook Air!
Retweet this and follow to win!
skimp.org/twitterprize/3
SanFran to see Maan tonight!
CroatiaReunionI wish and were here with the rest of PineappleNation!!
To All who donate a tweet  those who voted 4 won 1k to help StopChildAbuse  help the kids!
Thank you!
That's a rumbletown thunderstorm in Hell according to your stomach.
Good luck, sir, good luck.
God speed with Tums.
Oh no...feeling a bit under the weather.
me too...Quinn is a legend.
Done early.
Will pay for it tomorrow as class starts at 730.
Also, that's when I find out if I lived or died in the plane crash.
Its only fools who see life as a competition n try to take advantage of people around them.
GO BEARS
Ahead of the curve means reaching the end of the work day and having more than 4 hours left for sleeping.
.:A number of members...are engaged politically but kind of engaged on the down low...Openly gay, but...not openly
Congrats on your recent accomplishments, doctor !
p.o.'d  pissed off, young man
Hoping for a couple of hours of sleep but I doubt it.
Good question for sbchat tomorrow night.
Somewhere between the end and the point where we begin.
any new items on the menu?
I can't wait to get down there and try out some of the new cocktails.
Best in the city!!
EveryoneHasThat1Friend who thinks they're funny, but they aren't.
My Twitter and Facebook feeds are now eaten alive with guys yelling about the GOP debates?
I'll log off and watch something funnier....
Really?
Why wont they just call I've made it clear they can.
RT : call
Levi Leipheimer joins Maria Carrillo student ride
shout back to for shouting out at me
Thanks for the RT!
We are announcing the PSAid video and print ad winners this morning at 9 AM!
Get excited and tune in!
The aim of marketing is to know and understand the customer so well the product or service fits him and sells itself.
Peter doctorcker
All of a sudden its lighting  thundering....
Thx will check it out.
life is like riding a bicycle to keep balance you've got to keep moving
Nice!
See you soon!
Wish you were here...
angelinajolie looks stunning!!
idk what it is about but i just have this love for her..
My favorite Amy Winehouse song, by the way, is Valerie.
I remember DJ played it at my wedding.
Very talented singer gone too soon.
Thank you love  But I'm okay, I'm watchin Dennis The Menace now lol 
oh, then my pimping task broadens!
xox
Only 2 more weekends and ill be in Missouri with !!!!
cantwait :
we love you!
3
They go from rick ross to kirk franklin.
I do not have a camera face, but whatever...
:
W O W
: yeah.
Sadly many in US believe math is about executing the correct procedure.Math teachers for change
Ending Wed, buy any fullpriced espresso beverage before 11am, bring back your receipt after 2pm same day  get 1/2 off any espresso!
were in here!
From probation to domination all over again
Archivists: Have discount room at Hyatt that I will not need for Sat and Sun.
DM if you are stranded  need place to stay.
Great idea for everyone.
RT : Marnie Webb of : take an hour a day to publish what you know
How is Sonar doing?
shit I have school today, gotta sleep!
Im an honest guy..
i only want fuck you...But if it turns into real feelings so be it
I'll be fine.
I have a lot of impact from the truck in the back of my head.
It's kind of making me sick that we are sitting on a completed album that no one has heard yet.
OpenEdition would also provide use stats to libraries who pay the premium.
Want to promote visibility in libraries.
I'm really not sure what dubstep is.
Attentn, New Followers: U R on my ADD LIST as soon as my Follow Limit allows: THANK U 4 follow
well I'm going to BoTS in Nashville.
I won better tickets for Tampa but I can't make it!
:
ill rob for my nigga daaaawggg!!!!!
Listening to music like I have been all day cnt stop!!!!!!
Daily Insight: When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
it was great to meet you at SMIATL.
Please stay in touch!
Agreed.
Especially in the ninth inning of a onerun game.
still in the closet
I hope you're all going to HEMPFEST.
Happy Birthday to of !
i love dance, but i dont need anyone to tell me how to do it kay
wow so pretty!
But good thing its my girl LSuttons Bday and we get to go out tonight!!
Nursing Students  Nursing Assistant follow for the latest news...
I am giving away FREE, a copy of The Best Of Bill Sargent Bands  Volume 1 to the 1st 56 people who LIKE my band page on Facebook.
Our most common feeder bird is the sparrow.
What is your most common feeder bird?
Thanks my dude!
The Interrupters.
And you're makin' the shirt look good Jillian.
Thank you!
Was good to see your face across crowded room.
:
All this laughter has made me hungry lol
phillip phillips is sexy and i saw colton dixon in the audience my sexy piece of as djchnbfdue
MY DJTEAM IS WINNING WHAT ARE YOUR DJ TEAM DOING???????S/O TOO SOUTH TOP DAWG DJS/HOT BLOCK DJS/STREET HUSTLE DJS
Special case of the Westmoreland Effect?
any metric linked to rewards will eventually cease to have informational content.
The vow on Friday.
Leadership is action not position.
D.
Mcgannon
Yogas and a sweatshirt
Tune in  Cummings will be on today at 11:10 AM on the latest with the Secret Service allegations  his WalMart investigation.
Of course something major happens before we leave, it wouldn't be right if nothing happened!
Last Heat Game till the Playoffs!!..
Eff you Wizards...we'll...
keep you warm?
You'll..catch on fire with our blaze?..Um, Eff you Wizards!
Warm welcome to Lauren Blystone, the new Pathways/OI Partners Administrative Assistant!
Tebow started today.
ERIC BLEDSOE came to play!!!
CLIPPERS dow 4
Vermes won't appeal.
Cooler heads will prevail.
Not worth risk...
Aloha honeymoon!
thanks girl!
I'm loving it!
See you tonight :
maa hair is always brushed
Some great music comes out of San Francisco.
Give a listen to Picture Me Broken www.mynoisyplanet.com/PICTUREMEBROKEN
Today's magic relationship word is APPRECIATE
Ill down a few doctornks just to take the pain away.
walmart got rid of all fabric and yet they still find it necessary to sell john cena shirts.
seriously?
inthesummer you should make a lot of memories.
How was the panel?
Wish I could have been there to hear the community's thoughts /cc
just got out the movies.
Fucken tired
I can certainly understand why U have a cephalopod obsession.
I like 'um 2.
I'm busy helping educate  inform people 2 psychopaths.
do you work with Wordpress?
all 70 of those marketers should learn how to code, both for themselves and for our ecosystem : KhanAcademy CodeAYear etc.
The look on my moms face when I said I was avoiding getting to the point in our conversation  hahaha 
Me and are celebrities at Davis....
it's frightening
Jenkins should move up.
Proven fact.
The more kids and baby mamas an athlete has, the better he is.
Cromartie, Henry, Kemp.
hahaha!!!
yeah man he was messing up my groove!
Smh Talking bout 5000 for a Ecommerce website.
smh
yes sir
Stoked for the Mumford and Sons show tonight.
Starting out with some Belgian brew at Cheek Monk.
We don't believe in Magic!
Go !!
what cha watching??
Any movie suggestions?
I will email u the pic promise not to have a heart attack
Luke 10:6 If someone who promotes peace is there, your peace will rest on them; if not, it will return to you.
For me, mustache sunglasses would be redundent.
But they are still hilarious.
dont mess with us kids from the 90's we could take you down, your silly bandz are no match for our SLAP BRACELETS
Hannafords thanks to this Clown
Perfect.
: Email is nicholas at nicholaswyoung.com .
AIFF, FLAC, WAV is best since we'll recompress to MP3/M4A for release.
hey if you ever need someone to take over your job let me know.
Maybe we can trade?
What's your apprenticeship like?
really bad habit eating 1/2 done cookies from oven fresh
Watching youtube video of ourselves is quite embarrassing
Omg..
i just absolutely love finding money in my pockets that i forgot i had.
Im 20 dollars richer!!
w00.
:p
Remember that video you shared with me the other day?
Where the guy fell from the roof?
Haha I don't know.
but now you have to tell me, Melvy because Bryce is asleep, and he'll be mad at me if I wake him up.
lol
with the stars!
And Cesar almost fucks that up.
Has Bartlett been acquired yet?
I wish I could run in it!
looking good!
I just carved my first pumpkin last week :
Karin, talkative, selfish, superstitious, and inquisitive
Today's Mantra: I'm All In!
by distracting you mean multis coming in at 200 right
keynote on Sleeping Beauty at
My nephew just fell off the couch.
Ahaha xD
I'm in CT at my parent's house but I'm moving back to Indy on the 27th :D I'm going to stay w/ family friends until I find a job
no, it's for PC, but looks like a great game
I entered to win an Edible Arrangement in the
I'm not a Mahomie...
I'm a MAWHORE ;
I can't shake this feeling something is not right oo
I am genuinely uncomfortable right now.
Homework time  blahh, don't feel like doing any at all!!xP
Ah Why ihave my cards at home .
aw !startingnow ima carry them now everywhere i go ah !
D':
HardoctorckRising Global voting starts today.
Go to facebook and vote for Pgh's band 3DudesChillin  send them to London
No doubt, Kim.
But I know a dog who spins because she's excited, happily anticipating something.
That's a great idea!
When you can look at a person and see thier soul,and realise thier pain,thier lack of love,and love them anyways,that is enlightenment!
RT for the campaign for summer sandal weather  brr....what to wear in this spring cold!?
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
26
The rules and regulations have changed
I signed up for it yesterday.
I only got one credit...
:/
Listening to mindless behavior or watching there video love u MB
Thought it would be amusing to read some ManU threads from yesterday.
What a bunch of bad losers.
City bought the title!
We always lose!
I'm sorry, there has been a Train Wreck.
;
Hey Ian!
you can DM or me regarding
Who am I talking to?
I don't doctornk coffee often, but when I do, I get fabulously analytical.
..baby you can ask me to take a break Ill give it all away, dont care what the ppl say
Only somewhat related  I hate The New Yorker's use of the umlaut in words like preexisting.
FF to national travel pubs we love:
I'm definitely for IR in MLB
Bonnie Prince Billy is playing at the Apollo on May 21.
Hurry, tickets are selling out.
Listening to old school Madonna....could not be happier.
seriously an honor
He who rejects change is the architect of decay
ssame lucky k.
;
Oh really?
hmm do you know the reasoning behind that?
Keith Fritz Furniture is now on Twitter!
Please follow!
Keyword Optimization: The Cure for Search Overload Syndoctorme
anybody who doesn't listen to Coheed and Cambria should really question the music they listen to.
I hate that Jeremy Rosado was sent home, but i'm sure he will go places.
I love hanging out with my guys:
Getting an uneven tan
oh jeez...dont give them any ideas.
Another beautiful spring day in Pittsburgh!
I biked in along the river front trail and saw 3 baby bunnies.
Happy Winter Solstice!
xoxo
my baby boy was 1lb 4oz at my ultrasound yesterday :D
RT : Enjoy the science of spirits and experiment with the molecular mixology tonight for
Take it easy on the tweets.
U don't want to go to twitter jail.
Your on point w/ Bulls games.
bro u and I Saturday.
Buy me icecream tho.
Had an amazing massage at today  everyone should go check it out!
No 1 elearning softwre package can do vrything u want it 2.
That's y our courses look very unique as we blend different packages tgthr
ya it does...everyone says its a great game
If you love me with all that you are,I'll make you a star in my universe.
Dear Stoli Raz  Sprite, We have to break up, you cause me more pain than pleasure.
Sincerely, Hungover Melissa
Waiting in car for Hubby to finish practice.
I have 6 books to read with me.
Reading Tweets instead
love the way you lie :
I followed
WBWednesday All day long,Whether rain or shine,Shes part of the assembly line,Shes making history,Working for victory,Rosie the Riveter
Yeah, plus companies try to make sure only gays see their gayfriendly ads to not offend other customers.
Ugh.
Excellent!
Now...how do I take the bus...?
Chicago is now trying to put a 1530 cent tax on sugary doctornks.
Under the guise to combat obesity.
Already tax on bottled water.
WTF!!!
what is the hashtag
RT : Blair Levin at bbcsum12: Do we need better broadband?
Maybe not everywhere, but in some places.
What??
woo hoo!!
nice job girl!!
happyforyou :
ISN'T HE PERFECT?
Phone is back yay
Apparently, there aren't any pictures of a baby turtle next to a croissant ON THE ENTIRE INTERNETS!!!
thats cool whtcha been up to?
sounds good, how're you?!
preswk12 groups working together trying to document meetings and preserve info with OWS Think Tank group.
moved to dc
Death is hereditary.
So how long are you in TX for?
Or can you not say?
Thought H50 was done filming before the holiday hiatus but their camera copter has been buzzing my office on the pier for the last hour.
I don't know.
?
RT What's in the box?
WHAT IS IN THE BOX?
When don't we encounter problems?
'Orchids' was, in fact, the answer from yesterday!
Q: What does a good bar and a good woman have in common?
A: Liquor in the front and poker in the back!
haha I can hear you jamming out
Tiger Woods in 3d...hes got this ill put a grand on it his new game comes out tuesday
Thanks express for giving me a lil MN history in DC.
Today in 1978, Muriel Humphrey filled the Senate seat of her late husband H.
We've endorsed Tim Burgess with 63 of ballots cast, for Seattle City Council pos.
7, and Sally Clark for pos 9 with 74.
The Hootsuite ow.ly bar makes me not want to bother sharing.
Even when you share it's a link.
Better to X it out.
always Chelsea are going down XD
Our bodies often tell us what we need 2 know  we just need to learn how 2 listen!
Happy weekend to you.
Paige is currently having her surgery with chemo, then off to day hospital for chemo.
Hopefully Mb Is 1 On The Countdown Today !
Don't worry, we'll be preforming all weekend.
RT:: watching  busting out the NSync moves 
Solon When I give a minister an order, I leave it to him to find the means to carry it out
FF Follow Friday follow of the day sportsmedia101.com
Loving 's new aviator, What a Doll :
morning wakeup song: In A Green Space Koushik
: and the man wasnt white, HE WAS HISPANIC .
Exactly they tryna make the minoritys kill each other off.....
i know omg kfnjdks
My television is muted right now, but it looks like Billy Crystal is about to be eaten...
I think they washed the shuttle down with bleach.
On the outside.
lol.
Its not easy at all, bro.
i may have peed on your bed once.
and I'm kinda sorry.
thats payback for leaving me outside.
If you don't like how I live,step away from the fence,stop craning your neck to see what's on the other side,and focus on livin ur own life
awwe long as it ain't yours...DontWorry you still to
Big 3rd down conversion!
I could never go on a nocarb diet.
I love sandwiches far too much.
Life loves the liver of it.
I fell out of interest for Twitter because I'm not satisfied with the doctorid applications
You can just tell me and I will relay it to the forum!
Really abc?
Were all the girls w jobs taken?
watching the
Why stop at just a cup?
Wine Release Weekend: Taste our newest vintage of Traminette for FREE, 3 glasses of this wine, and 20 off this wine.
See you soon!
A Scanner's dilemma: which creative thing to do now?
Work on a pendant?
Write?
Take photos of my work for my Etsy site?
Sew?
My son has the stomach flu and I'm starting to feel queasy
yeah haha good times though.
FNL reference at ACES2012 faultlines.
Eps deal with disabilities, race that can get convo going w students about diversity and coverage.
Missed service tonight?
Just want to hear it again?
Contact to get a copy of the audio from tonight's service.
Given the past few days, every time someone famous starts to trend, I fear for their life.
Chicago dog
yep, are you?
I wish my sister was going to prom so I could help her pick out a doctorss and everything but no, shes not going to her prom.
.
The optimist sees the rose and not its thorns; the pessimist stares at the thorns, oblivious of the rose.
Kahlil Gibran RT
Sitting next to who is unable to tweet and might have a heart attack.

i look up 2 u gys  u r my inspiration  i would LOVE for you 2 follow me!:
I think YES!
It would look super cute!
:
Rooting for Toronto.
Always had a good fanbase but not always a great team.
That and watching LA falter is always fun!
Beautiful day today in Houston :
ONLY 1 DAY LEFT till presales for TA  T2 begin.
1st 100 bundles signed by Neal Morse AND Mike Portnoy!!!
W.radiantrecords.com
Sweet victory...Kobe shamed on his home court.
Whateva girl!
The last time we were supposed to hang out u stood me up.
You ow up yelling
finally!
won a huge pot!
Perfect evening.
Wine, patio  the husband.

whew.
Especially today.
Happy with AP...
I wish but I am looking for new producers for the team.
Up  early!
Eating breakfast, then going around Quantico!
Watching the fight ....
Way to go NHLPA...
Thanks for screwing up a GREAT thing with realignment.
I watch the Junoawards :
That awkward moment when your friend is friends with the person you HATE.

OMG....
he making me feel so fuckin unappreciated like he dont even fuckin care
I placed a bet on Denver when they were down 16.
Watching The Vampire Diaries3 OMG my allergies are doctorving me crazy!
Bucs got Carl Nicks to boost run blocking.
Just got versatile, 3down back in Doug Martin who can take full advantage.
Hey get out of bed and answer that burner cell so we can arrange to meet on some shady street corner!
Havent tweeted in like 3 days...
Thank goodness Im back..
LOL..
Megan Fox Is Pregnant!
Houston39;s MIX 965

Tom and Lynette be makin me sad
GOD DAMN everyone is having a baby 
Friends hung himself from an adjacent tree.
Then Zachary Barnes hung himself from a clothesline in his neighbor's yard.
Natasha Randall
Christmas decorations are up!
Giancarlo Stanton is good at baseball.
Thank you!
We love you, too.
Can't say that often enough.
Watching come dine with me :
Not feeling too good right now:
Good Morning!
What a Fantastic day!
Walking a mile each day with puppies, and David, on South Beach Diet  losing!
Getting ready for SNOW!
Need advice.
Handyman is capping off our windows.
Do we tip him, or just pay the bill?
Don't use handymen much, we r DIYers.
I'll never forget 7th grade, dancing with this girl, nobody knew her name we all just knew her as hips and I danced with her all night
Joke of the Day..Yo mama's so nasty, I talked to her over the computer and she gave me a virus
Green century is hosting Samsung 50 state ecycle event tomorrow Utah capital..
W.ecycleUtah.com
anyone know if Cinebarre offers gift certificates?
Aw, rats.
Am I going to have to scroll back?
Good Luck , , , , this week at SECsoftball Tourney!!
Will you be coming to Wednesday to see perform?
See you there!
only until i graduate haha
CJ2K, ArianFoster, JamalCharles and Skreech have what in common?
They got place in your fantasyfootball line ups!
Took a nap earlier and had a nightmare, who does that
Don't worry that childoctorn never listen to you; worry that they are always watching you.
Robert Fulghum
Which old character would you like to return on Weeds and why?
well guess that works too but it's my last day at work tomorrow  starting a new gig on Monday
i don't claim no riches, or any miracles but im doing better
But I guess IDAHAT wasn't as snappy an abbreviation.
Know I'll sleep well tonight after a successful day of rigging  making paper!
urg why cant i sleep in???
A little RB talk but mostly about NYCosmos '70s glory days and his Playgirl shoot/Studio54.
Interview great but too short.
HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND TO ALL MY TWEETS!!!!!!!
Oh, the doctoraded third eye.
Learn from the bad days, don't dwell on them  concentrate on the good in your life instead
Yup.
Guys got some nasty jingle balls
we need to chop it up!
Felly is one of the funniest dudes around on me
What's up with the station?
Been off air all weekend.
You guys toast?
Help Save Subsidized Childcare for LowIncome Parents.
9:001:00, Tomorrow  Capitol Building, 900 Court St NW, Salem Hearing Room 350
to that sounds so good right now!
That is so cute.
basketball will most likely be on Sunday nite if its warm enough..
EVERYONE!!!!!!!
PLEASE REFOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!!
REFOLLOW ME!!
AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
on creating a webprofessorle: Most people don't have it...
You can display your life in ways that reflect you.
Adios pla12  Philly, hello cil12  DC!
The Spring 2012 tour continues.
April stops incl FL Lib Assoc keynote.
See u soon!
How do you define the term 'multigenre project' to students?
Got lots of love from random programmers today telling me not to let 's post discourage me from learning to code
Limit the number of participants, put likesizes in together, keep an eye on tie downs and shut down if bad weather arrives
Why do your favorite songs sound even beter when you jam out to them while doctorving?
I wish I was a truck doctorver I think...
NICE!!!!
congrats!
I hear you, rain!
The smell of rain in New Mexico is unparalleled.
One phone call can really change my mod
no problem!
I never seen anybody shred on a violin harder than Tory from
STANDARD FOLDER expires 01/17/2012.
Hurry, and take advantage!
Both of Us, or Arena!
: x
lol.
I give you some credit in making me a better person
Some people think 1D aren't the hottest guys, so I'm ok w/ them sayin' they're ugly...but they can't say their music is ugly.
awesome man appreciate the support...
Just had my face rocked off by Girl Talk
I can't wait to see Grammy makeup!
I think Nicki will have the best!
Who's with me!
GOP VULTURE CAPITALISM began w 'Darth Vader Cheney'INVADED Iraq: ,NEW VULTURE Vader
Tomorrow is FRIDAY again...how did that happen?
Vanessa Lunnon is performing in Getting Out Friday and Saturday Sept.
11th and 12th at 8:00p.m.
For tickets visit www.lyrichyperion.com.
Another great show by HereComeTheMummies at the Madison Theatre in Covington last night...see you guys in July!
Chelsea.
But it doesn't really matter much, does it?
beat ya!
Congrats man.
Sad to watch your final show tomorrow but looking forward to seeing what's next.
Tweeps!
Does anybody know what MKG has been charging for autographs?
I need to be prepared for Weds.
Pretty please.
:
indeed!
Btw, your handle goes along pretty well with iste11 theme for this year ;
final presentation tomorrow night, then a 12day break before my next session of classes.
Great post!
is gonna carve up the D probably, and then I'm gonna bring us back to win!
If she's a keeper, keep her!
check out my new novel Vanilla's Ladies read the free preview on my blog follow me x
I am honored and slightly confused considering I am a Hump Comic.
the way in which you are burned is extremely funny though
299 on contract for a phone with those specs?
Lol
Im afraid extraterrestrials have always exhibited an undeveloped aesthetic sense.
I had seen some going for 180
Looks like the California Supreme Court wants to give the Prop 8 backers standing.
Never forget those who've been in your corner the WHOLE time..
Ok, so I'll have my MFA this November...tell me why I'm considering returning to complete an MA in English too!?
Chris Davis with insurance!
The Midwest Showcase will most likely be in August this year.
Will the Lou be represented at camp?
I love the twitterdata proposal!
vote 1
that made me laugh so hard.
Love yous
is a dick, theoretically.
thanks for coming and the gift man.
it means alot to me.
hey hun..
I didnt gt it..
Its been a min u been m.i.a lol
haha if you doctorw pictures you're definitely in the club.
Sponge bob characters was my main thing
careful if u put it on the windowsill
aww maybe I'll see ya down there :
If you were starting a MLB Fantasy Keeper league tomorrow and you could pick between Strasburg and Aroldis Chapman  who ya got?
Someone write Pretty in Pink fan fiction about the day Annie Potts asks for her prom doctorss back.
Who doesn't want free beauty products?!
Last day to enter my giveaway...
Woot woot!!!
Thanks, will be in touch.
That's what happens when you haven't had enough coffee, was staring right at it :
Knock, knock.
Who's there?
Daisy.
Daisy who?
Daisy me rollin', they hatin'.
follow mee :D
hi to chris carter for me!
true buckeye fan.
we really miss his son  osu!
but not all the right people eat the crow!
do it.
I hope they still have sunday matinees
Do you know where to buy paint pens?
I need to personalize my chug jug for spring break.
I guess you were lucky enough to never have to fight, for your right, to party.
Why Does Everyone Love Hello Kitty Soo Much ,You Ask?Because She's A Silent Thug...
That's what wins games.
A lot of people see the alleyoops and all that stuff,
In M Cupcakes is giving 5 off a dozen reg size cupcake by just saying mmmmcupcakes2012 17 E.
Flagler St., Downtown Miami 305.890.9868
Students, our quiet study floors are 3, 4  5.
good morning peoples ...
esp.
Staten  NYC  planet earth aliens ...
no sleep till ...
damn how did you open it I tried to open it myself and couldn't figure it out lol
shoutout to follow this fool
Bout to get doctorssed hit the streets
I wanna Train in Thailand for Muay Thai and Brazil for Jiu Jitsu!
you're the reason why..
3
Adam Lambert Making His 'doctoram Album'
mobilityshifts John Palfrey suggests the DPLA as a supplement to other endeavors.
SUNDAY CAN'T COME FAST ENOUGH :D
: If I see you make a diving catch in the OF, you automatically become 10x sexier.
truetweet justsayin' grassstainsaresexy
Hey With a song titled 11:11 I gotta get you some ElevenElevenWatches to rock.
Match up perfect to ur kicks, hat, clothes
on my to the movies
In response, we immediately scheduled additional courses
RT Let's come together, show support  thank for taking a stand for MarriageEquality today.
Go mobile w/ prettyprogressive  download the Live 365 app  search UCTC Radio.
RB Songstress will be on tomorrow  11AM CST
Yeah I will, one day soon!
she was his manager
thanks to ur story change my life
So what the world doing?
nothing much how about you...:
it is a problem; much easier to shoot than read.
You're right, time on the road  pricey,  I'd rather grab items than not.
Wish I could go back in time and undo the decision I made, but its too late...or is it?
In SanDiego this week, scouting locations for the next Know a great conference venue?
What do you think of OGW November '12?
Just touched down in Detroit...
smells like baseball and Easter bunnies!!!
if u ever meet breezy any time in ur life remember to ask him who am i
It wasnt pretty.
Lindstrom in for Orioles as Arrietra finished with 97 pitches/60 strikes and four strikeouts.
LIndstrom has already given up a hit in 8th.
JR you called it
yes, it was a joke.
I know my regular followers know I am not serious 99 of the time.
Sorry for the confusion.
i want somethin good to eat...
but im fuckin hungry so im making ramen.
fuuuuuuck
Mapping out Caps sked, a killer doubleheader on Sun 11/7 w/ Flyers at 5p and Land of Talk at Rock  Roll Hotel at 7:30p.
Who's with me?
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.
Camus
call me
People will try to hurt u n bring u down in every possible way they can, I will not allow it any longer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Pick up today's and read our latest issue: South Florida's 50 Most Powerful and Influential Black Business Leaders of 2012.
Thank you Boss I really needed this Yuengling!
I'm interested to see how long before a company finds a loop hole or attempts fraudulent activity.
I was supposed to meet you tonighthear ur angelic voice in person : hope I get the chance to meet you one day.love you, night x
Congrats on your new venue !
Tomorrow is going to be the most stressful day of my life.
Thanks Kate!
I love your face!
I hope to see you at the tweetup tonight, mayhaps??
;
I've seen nothing so far this year or playoffs that indicates Westbrook will not shoot OKC out of a game or two.
Isn't that a great feeling?!
Charles Jenkins and Fellowship of Faith just added to I Hear Music Concert 5.18.12.
BIRTHDAY SHOW tonight at Ella Lounge.
10 PM, 5.
9 Avenue A.
Lots of fun.
So on my way to work this afternoon and eating my cereal in the car, I suddenly hear is that peanut butter crunch!??
very enthusiastically
Smoothies seem to help pick up the day.
Any good recipes?
We've been using the same fruits as of late.
miss the GGirlz!
have fun on the TM with your mum!
txting Him is the best feeling!
We're giving away a 100 GC daily until Mother's Day, May 13!
Just RT with eBayMom for your chance to win!
Rules
would so much rather be outside playing in the sun  blue sky
RT : Pls contact the House Ways  Means Commitee  ask them to vote yes on HB1073 Public mass transportation
I love being rejected by the IRS and finding out it's due to them owing us money instead of the other way around.
Winding up a great visit to University of British Columbia and their fantastic staff.
bout to rehearse w/ Kids These Days!
thnx for following me back :
beautiful photo  congrats.
It's so funny watching march madness and seeing sitting at the replay table.
Where is the orange tie cheese?
Listening to 's music..m She is so talented and amazing.
Why isn't she famous yet?!
Medieval fantasy setting and works well.
Great adaptation from book to small screen.
If I don't get coffee I'm a grouch.
Not good.
RT : I identify with this tweet way more than I should.
Facebook is fab but old school is cool!
Street outreach in the Castro tonite!
lmao says who.
?
yea tru that was ARTEST out there!
RT Love the reminder!
Getting into gear myself :
Where are you going?
Guess we should have been more specific about wanting a government shake up..
anyone know where to buy Newcastle seasonal beer in the US?
Hey everyone I really enjoy ghost hunting and found some good software to pass on....keep on keeping on...
haha.
it's how melville uses firstperson free indirect discourse to show the limits to ishmael's beliefs via interactions w/ queequeg
Retweet this if you know how to retweet.
Picked up a Microcell from ATT...
hope it works.
I'll finally be able to use my phone at home where we have no coverage.
You may not love me today, tomorrow, or ever, but I will love you until it kills me, and, even then, you'll be in my heart.
That it is.
Carson McCullers and Flannery O'Conner.
Maybe if we read them more often, we'd be a better people.
Think?
So excited for MARDIGRAS only 4 weeks from today until my London loves come to town!
well I can tell you one thing that they might break up and you will have a chance :
Almost ready to start filming...
I just need to wait a few more days for this mic to come in the mail.
Thank you kind sir.
I too look forward when we have the opportunity to meet.
you belong on csi with that body you look like a bad boy jason mccann right thurrr
Don't miss next Friday's in downtown San Jose, during the South First Friday event.
Cool stuff!
Lance Ball, you do not fumble Tim Tebow's football.
shit I guess we on the bus
Considering the circumstances, this was a semi happy birthday.
I certainly am blessed with great friends and family!
Onward.
And upward!
At least I'm not ugly.
RT : Lmao I'm done with you lol I can't deal with a emotional niggas
Flicker for Good has a nonprofessort program that's very affordable.
Sign up for it!
Thanks Tracy, nice to meet you!
Just ate a Tuna Melt for the first time ever.
How come no one informed me of their deliciousness before?
Thanks for reminding me.
As an Astros fan, it hurt even worse that it was him.
Terrible loss, after we battled back.
ff shout out to Break a leg on your opening of MISS SAIGON tomorrow night!
Just a big thank you to and for doing all this for us!
You guys are awesome!
not when you're not really hungry...
I had a huge sub before I got home from soccer
5 days wo graffiti makes one weak
I believe it's a coolpx somthing like that from Nikon I'm not sure but I'll check when I get home: it wasnt that much 
Maybe I like to tweet instead of text.
This cold spell is not agreeing with us over here at the Just Walk office.
Keep your pups warm.
Read more Apple jokes
o yea for got bout dat to so
Hey!
Do you have a link to the prom tanning study?
Taking a little nap before heading to the Sharks v Red Wings playoff game.
Being sick sucks.
Go Sharks!
Another Monday?!
Gross!
Watch Terrible People and laugh your way through the day.
www.terriblepeopleshow.com
THANK YOU SO MUCH SANDY!
: Means a lot to me.
Big hug!
I'm SO happy to include you, Amy!
I love learning from others!!!
Is that agencypriced?
Boehner to Biden: OK, fine.
You wear stripes, I'll wear polka dots!
No that's the problem.
I act right too much and get fuk'd in the ass!
NEVER AGAIN!
SO DONE!
Fck Yeah is following me on both of his accounts
Happy Birthday to my Gorgeous Girlfriend, I love you!
1st rd: make from the following: Cicero, Thomas Kuhn, posthumanism, and Teach Me How To Dougie.
thanks for the FOLLOW Also
lol I'm good bro.
I'm just mad hungry missing my bodegas
Happy Birthday !!!!!
From Coastal Advisors,LLC.
Big Daddy
just put together that capricorns ARE goats  'genia pura'
Thanks mister Bunnow!
Business Development in the Med Center this morning.
We love our Doctors and Attorney clients.
Ken is in the DollHouse bored as ever.!
AIM me.!
iKenDoll 8
quality, not quantity, right?
don't know if I want any.
:/
Totally.
Or kitty in bow tie, please!
haha if its nice out, get ready to catch ur first fish.
Summer plans with the fam.
Job at Delta!
Moving in apartment maybe soon.
Worrying about my financial situation.
Tell me something you LOVE about yourself.
Go!
Espresso, biscotti regina, beautiful and curious objects and Carnival of Souls today.
HI!
I would love to know how to get those Buzz Growl pop ups that I see from you when I am on my avon site?
1 reason I don't own a scale I refuse to weight myself !
Thank you Becki  I love it that you guys check Twitter!!
Estimated fix time?
Sounds like a book I need to be reading.
Thanks for sharing the link.
: I wouldn't have noticed im on my 4k  tweet if it wasnt for my lovely cousin  
U joes should have came n got some.
I never wanna celebrate a holiday again...they all suck especially today
I wouldn't be surprised if he donated his brain to concussion research like Dave Duerson.
Is convinced you don't need The Weather Channel to tell you it's gonna be HOT today when the temperature is already 91 degrees at 10am!
For those keeping track of my shoe status: today is a dirty Chucks day.
Surprisingly it's lacking on this side of south loop.
:
The book I took on the plane was Art as Far as the Eye Can See.
Wonder if he's always been so adamant.
El Salvador :
What could happen, right?
Hangin to see !
Great bar!
Now,He looks Healthy,and Happy!He should be my doctormmer I've been asking him since1995
Well done Chels, well done.
I just adore you and Jason!
You are a perfect example of why single women should wait for the right guy!
Any man who can doctorve safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves.

jus so you KNW they coming off ASAP
damn no big chocolate poles tonight
The best inheritance a parent can give to his childoctorn is a few minutes of their time each day.
M.
Grundler
id rather die
If I never see the inside of a hospital again, it'll still be too soon.
wednesday :P
I got a mention for ya, didn't get my paper 2 days in a row!
Called this morn no call back.
Can u say FormerSubscriber!
The interference isn't even subtle anymore.
you're welcome..!
Baltimore all day baby!!!
Welcome.
Exciting to see the progression from last year's promotion.
Looking forward to more.
because in the military he didn't show up for 3 times
I can't help seeing links between what Geena Davis is saying and the current political brouhaha hating on women.
In a session to understand the process to obtain projects with the federal government.
I love that the director of the JayZ SXSW show is British.
Hea we ah with JayZ.
He's walking!
He's Walking!
The left testicle usually hangs lower than the right for righthanded men.
The opposite is true for lefties.
Well he Is deffinitely coming soon : He wants to.
Wow: 2,500 gave2kpbs during our oneday doctorve yesterday.
Overwhelming public support for public radio in San Diego!
We are humbled.
I wish I was Kate Middleton
Thats what we like to hear!
RT : Refusing to let a little snow get in the way of sushi at with tonight!
i love y'all.
3
Had to clean and unclog the kiddy potty at work today.
Work: 5038, Rachel: 0.072.
Lmfao, this is gonna be good.
I'm gonna just tell one of them because I know it'll spread like wildfire.
; wow so what i said was fuckery,  bett.
Loving it dude!
Let me know if you ever want to throw some country tunes out there!!
m/
Good am
I guess i am in need of a serious bowl of milk and nutter butters ; 
Glad you like it mister Inspector.
Can you snap a picture of the stamped image and share it with the world?
Bring on the New year.
Got some big things happening.
It was a few weeks ago.
How doesn't it look like me?
Hang on, this isn't the official City of Milwaukee account?
Oh lord AP, quit talking and show me some GLAMOUR!!!
Youre great!
Thank u!
Sometimes you need a little in your life to get back into the groove of things.
Who's your favorite female Country singer?
Yes, I meant exactly that time for the deadline.
No, I won't extend it by just a few hours.
Of course I'm mean.
I'm a teacher.
have great to cailforina
thank you for the info
Shout out to the new followers.
: love you all
You need to respect someone basically in order to trust them , it may sound confusing but think about it .
!
Fuck a Hype Beast im on my own shit
Gig 'Em!!
I'm an Aggie and I do a food show in Humble, TX!
Excited to follow u!
SAVE THE HUMANS.
Currently listening to: stalled traffic on the NJ Turnpike.
Sux!
Do you have a costume picked out?
I'm hoping the rain doesn't mess up any plans for the weekend.
:
I started back working out again!
Jeff Conine of the Marlins announcing team just said nice load re: Giancarlo Stanton's stance.
yep.
poor kid.
If this conversation leads to something bad, I'm going to be pretty shitty...
justsaying 
Whats up with facebook!!:/ ugh my account is temporarily unavailable!:/
I hate traffic court  
just ejaculated in the marshmallow topping container at Menchies
that was unreal
Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders LOL
someone want to doctorve me into work on friday?
i dont feel like buying gas
Balancing audience participation in an interactive exhibit with appropriate aufio levels is a challenge
THROW THE BALL DOWN THE FIELD.
Best sisig with my honey at Moda
Mine and E's too, not that he's tried anything else.
Did you see the new location at 29/Barracks when in town?
Crazy!
There's very few certainties in life, but if there is one, it's that the Celtics will always have a goofy, white hustler on the roster
yes!
free follow up eye appointment!
3:40pm on friday
merry Christmas baby!!!:
Gotta prepare for the zombie apocalypse!
Need to mod the Suburban...
Can't wait for west test with this week!
no you aren't.
book time now...
We got great rates cmon son
Gettin killed by the bugs on the soccer field..
If I had to choose...I know.
Girl don't u know you're so beautiful
Really want Followers.
If Anyone could Help I would Be so Pleased.
OH HAS ALREADY FOUND TONS OF GHOSTS.
THEY EVEN HAVE SCIENTIFIC PROOF!
MILEY IS THE QUEEN OF THE WORLD !
yep MileyWorld 
Who wants to hear some of the new material from the up comming full length?
working out and then getting doctornks with yayy my love 3
You want to act like an adult, well fine I'll treat you like an adult.
My Birthday going good soo far!!
going to the movies in a bit, gonna watch Silent House!!
:
Studies by the Touch Research Institute of the University of Miami report reduced anxiety and feelings of depression with regular...
hey text me!!!!
I believe the person they interviewed w/ the extra effort of the napkin sketches  social media  dev comm will get hired ASAP
I'm guessing, but not quite sure how that's going to work with PaPa.
I'm thinking on it.
Floppers RT : The miami heats are some doctorma queens!!!!
Everytime someone touch them they fall
Let's go Thunder.
Speed up the pace.
Times available this week!
Rates as low as 50/h.
Our average cost for moving with packing supplies : 280  350!!!
Unbeatable!!!
U and Sicki r just dick riders,Like Kim saidBitchz suck cock,just 2 get 2 the top I thought u were hot till u came  Kim
Lookin at the constellation, me and god have a conversation.
hahaha!
i did dip for a lil bit.
but now im back!
im good  what's goin on with you??
Nothing says America like a mullet and pizza.
If I was in 8th grade, and on acid, you would have totally blown my mind.
Following is the closest thing you'll get to attending every blue ribbon panel/conference on race  social justice.
Thanks for stopping in!
I'm really excited to graduate and move on, but part of me will miss high school.
Nah, who am I kidding?
Fuck high school!!!
Why  how do I get in these moods?!?
Fat Gary is even better on
Better PB to chocolate ratio.
Reese's is actually better with LESS chocolate.
Crazy, I know.
you're in our thoughts in Rochester, NY so sorry for your loss:
Monday is apparently not my best day of the week.
Maybe some chocolate would help?
Thanks for the RT, much appreciated
Left work a little early.
Sitting in the February sun outside Caribou, feet propped, sucking on an iced latte, reading a book.
All packed for Louisville.
Looking forward to the Jazz Educators Network conference.
I miss Adoctoran/:
Welcome home!
Yes.
John Jaddou's baby.
good luck!
It's a great field this year
keep making mubb proud.
good luck today big fella
Welcome!!
I'll B there 4 2weeks in April!
hi people....
I missed the bye bye bye moment.
I wish I had caught it on video though so we could laugh about it once the project's done
omg i finally figuresd out what u meant about be jelly.
oh man, i need to get it together
True Bloodis now casting5major roles are being cast for Episode 504 respond to with true in subject
Thank you for the RT!
Hope you have a great day!
No Zoofari for me.
Are you going?
RT : Reach out to Julia!
RT : Okay is just 18 followers away from 40K.....
I'm on a boat.
Lls me to!
Hi my name is nay nay  I luv food
Calling Miller Park the keg is quickly climbing my list of pet peeves.
Sitting in my room doctornking cider, watching spongebob on a chilly day in the mountains.
vibe vibe vibing vibes
Agreed.
Nashville is a friendly and fantastic city.
Today's tea: Strawberry Lemonade from A lil' weak, but not bad!
Next time: More tea, less water.
Then again, I don't add sugar.
I got 99 problems  a spider's one
Payphone by Maroon5 officially my favorite song!
M, sounds SO good!
Love GT.
Great meal.
I'm on the air all night!
Wish I could attend!
Rain check.
Why thank you gentlemen!!
Very sweet of you ;
Damn is a damn scrub!
I punked on him nasty!
Pussy:
CTAC Opening Night Party !
Already had the chance to meet in person.
Wonder who else I'll meet!
I just deleted over 2 thousand emails from my inbox.
RT if you're online !
:
Our MothersDayGiftsForOurBeautifulMothers won't be as good as writing a song for our moms 3 Turn To You
Because, as a nation, we've got far more faith in money these days than we do in God
glad to meet ya!
:
yeah!
: we can just chill and stuff!
:
more than anything mothers want/need 2relax and kno thy r loved...
flowers is nice gesture but its over used ndi not a relaxing activity
trying to figure out how many, if any, quarterbacks the eagles have for the season.
most likely some kind of fraction.
Gotta love doctordoctor's 'The Chronic' album
Zombie video promise: remembered.
You will be held accountable, Ms.
Chiou.
Quinziato looks very wee at the front of the peloton.
RT : joining us for the Partnership to Eliminate Disparities in Infant Mortality meeting in Detroit!...
is it more intense then the new jersey reunion?
Plan your meals in advance.
Saves time, money and calories.
That awkward moment when you say your just taking a fifteen minute nap and then you wake up at 1am.....damnit
She's cute like a dear everyone wants to shoot!
I am so sick of being SICK!
mad dog...
Sitting with Dave Hovis reading your tweets.
Trying to get him on twitter!
We agree re: importance of espys!
I miss the babys!!
Is he a magician, then?
I DUNNO WHO HE IS
The Square is taken to absurd levels.
Audible laughs in the theater because of how far it went.
I have to be careful of my thoughts, they may become words at any moment, and that could cause all kinds of problems
What amazes me is how many people follow me even though I tweet adolescently about a British actor I've never met.
omg yes We The Animals Justin Torres.
Dear ppl who love FB but complain about the horrors of wedding /or baby pictures:You don't understand the social in social media, do you?
so excited to added yall to banner day!!!
Thanks for getting your banners today!
The greatest moments in our history have been when we've invested in our underdogs.
!!!!
RT : If OKC want to have a chance against the Spurs they should start Harden at PG.
They won't but it's their only hope
The best part of this hockey game..
Or any is always coaches corner.
Holy tebow time
Vinyl Grooves Show is on the air now with host Gregory Hatanaka and guest/writer T.L.
Young.
Featuring an eclectic selection of music.
Q2.
Training begins with a need, fous on fulfilling that need and the training will always be relevant and necessary

The Greenroom tonight show starts at 10
Skipping this year, I've got so much work to do and the scene is too tempting.
I hope God is proud of me.
I wish I did
If someone got in my car right now they would think I'm ratchet as fuck lololol
What's the difference between deification and substitution?
Sounds great !
We're looking forward to it.
Have a wonderful weekend!
a million
Limited Edition copies of The Mynah Birds' 7 It's My Time and Go On And Cry will be available this Saturday.
when will we ever be together again?
I don't foresee classreunion3 happening and/or him coming to WI with you.
Omg yeah
IS IN THE SAME COUNTRY AS ME, OOOOOOOMB!
1st Prediction for 2010 Regular Season Wins  Packers Over 9.5 wins  Pack will win 7 at home  at least 4 road games
Mona is A !
What did u guys think of PrettyLittleLiars spring finale ??
any fav parts ??
New episodes of PLL and Jane by Design June 5 8/7c
Haha arent you supposed to try to do better than your last?
It's pretty good, actually.
Nice weather today, maybe not as nice as San Jose, but nice!
How are you?
It's not just what it looks like and feels like.
Design is how it works.

: RT Brands that market heavily do so because they have an inherently weak value proposition HBRchat
4 Never saw FIR step out to talk to their fans before or after a show and I traveled farther than my hometown to see them
well at least I'm getting used to this onandoff bullshit
Earning an MBA is a good idea for anyone interested in a successful business career.
Real Housewives of New Jersey Jewish Edition: family reunion very shortly...who doesn't love barbeques  Jewish moms?
fuck yeah they are
please contact me after the holidays.
The rumors are true.
Corporate is shutting down all MLM sites.
Stick with us as locally we are looking at options.
Stay tuned.
Made another Great Cornocopia Balloon!
Recovery.
Just as important as working out.
LOL I actually wrote that on my facebook page.
Here we go again.
Oh hai, thanks!
yup I'm from MI, america's mitten!
lol
where you come from
no because you no come to NYC.
Miss you Andoctorw...
RT Because you're annoying?
; 
some backup receiver Tiquan Underwood.
Still sucks though
Loving the show on HBO..
True Champions...
Come on, Wake.
Don't blow it.
Ad hoc participatory archives dealing in analog material seems like interesting idea, but there is more to do to with our digital assets.
Great Game Kentucky
hey Justin can you follow me ?
please you'll make me the girl more happier in the world if you follow me 3 i love ya
About to see the HungerGames with ....I'm so glad it's not in 3D!
Lol.
May the odds forever be in ur favor.
after slow chanting i feel like i've had a warm bath.
all i feel like doing is putting jimjams on/ having warm cup of cocoa.
When pride comes, then comes disgrace, but with the humble is wisdom..

Hate to tell you, the older you get the worse it will get.
If you're gonna give the president flack for talking about killing Bin Laden, then Dubya's entire reelect is null in void.
Occupy Cinema was in Cahiers du Cinema!!
Iron Chef Marquette in TONIGHT at 7pm in Marquette Place!
Come watch this show inspired battle in the kitchen.
RT : If you dare to struggle then you dare to win, yet if you dare not to struggle then you don't deserve to win...
im sorry boo, i have class early today so i tucked in early last night.
hope you sluts had fun.
are u doing tbox next weekd?
I totally respect Kimbella for gettin so deep
Kids say the darndest things!
RT : Overheard in my house Look what I made mommy, it's a squid and a turkey
12 today in Denver....
Great Blog!
Great post!
I'll try it!!
Another day to please your customers
She'll be back at the end of this month!
Thanks for watching!
yes, change is good!!
I LOVE Ozzy's Boneyard!!!!
Loving all the
Crazy thing is, I once mentioned to someone years ago that Scott's TV  radio commercials should feature a Scottish guy.
They laughed at me.
yo be speaking the
Whoooooohoooooooo!
RT : Half way to a super bowl
Holy Lord.
...that was sick.
Tears in eyes,  I'm a Mary J fam, so major kudos!!
said it best.
Dude, you r blowing away JLO
You too!
I got mine from my dad.
I am having a nice day and I love the new Ipod video camera it's really quite impressive for such a small device.
No i haven't but I want to!
I also want to sit in with u next week when is good?
they've been replaced by DIY Soda machines
Just bought an 8 dollar salad and it turns out I'm not even hungry.
Fack
I imagine a lot of girls will be pretending to doctorwn this summer.
Haha.
;
Up since 5am this is going tobe one long day.
I  MUSIC
Virginia man receives decadesold postcard from mother depicting Chicago's ...
Washington Post
well said!
You're fat.
yolo You Obviously Love Oreos
Thanks!
It was a very beautiful thing to watch in a cemetary in the middle of the night.
I'm glad the photo caught some of that.
Thanks so much for the support!
Good Morning!
Rise  Grind!
my semester flew by and now I just don't know what to do with myself lol
So cold......
all i can do is hope someone finds me before im swolloed completely by the darkness...
I hate Manchester United
ikk it sucks :P
ooh frfr just goin whip it out huh???
Lmao looks for it lmao j/p or am i ummO:
Now that's an upset!
Since I'm at the HS level, don't know much about picture books and lower levels but they seem entertaining.
Lunch with hubs is not nearly as much fun.
I am going to opening day, for the 2016WorldChampion Astros, going to be in Houston for BWitt's wedding
welcome to the Old Dominion!
Virginia is for Lovers...
Wish I was in SC with my fam today to celebrate my little nephew!
I'd forgotten how much the Metra pedestrian tunnel by my office reeks of urine.
heart attack  trey songz 
You gotta know when you gotta good thing 3
loved hearing all the fantastic stuff is up to from your eye on them..they're going to blow mobile up.
We're on our way to rehearse Debussy and Wagenseil with harpist Ursula Holliger!
Damn, I slept all day.
Now if only I could have slept the rest of the year away.
wow the lies coming out of scott walker campaign to save butt from recall are incredible and volumnous..
what a horrible politician.
Shoutout to go follow her, her tweets r pretty sweet
The BET Awards Wasn't planned right this year And many artist are disappointed .
What do you think ?
use hot water and epsom salt!
From the same book: Followups, we call them.
We'd revisit the birth of Christ if we could squeeze a new angle out of it.
I shot this awesome watch yesterday and every second it ticks.
I just want to throw it at the wall right now
Who has done a WordCamp presentation?
I'm curious about time length, slides needed, etc.
Thinking of applying.
Spacecraft, electric cars, green tech...
anyone know when China will produce a website that doesn't open every link in a new tab?
ShawnMikael moves on to the next round cc:
when u hitting austin again?
lmaoo u rite
So sad to see Apple stocks declining in value.
:
oh wait got one of them...
Lol
don't make fun of him brooke
Xubuntu definitely boots up faster than Fedora 15 XFCE...
s up
What's with Pinterest?
Something to do with Harold Pinter?
If I'm Spitting on a track ..its most likely made by ME or my BRO !!!
And we got some FIRE for yall coming soon !!!
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!56
I swear Tony Allen never has a fresh cut.
He love to be a lil bit ruff.
It's love when you hear their voice in your head while your reading their texts.
Had a great conversation with ThomasRichardson about learning and doing pubic folklore.
Great to have good colleagues.
The Badgers win!
Bring on Ohio State!
pair of jeans that fit just right....o:
LOL!
She was nervous bro!!!
You could see her legs shaking as she was attempting to dive from the top
hard parts are the cultural practices and structural change
it's definitely not a conspiracy lol
Holyfuck a car doctorve down my street and I thought the holy spearit had entered my room from the headlight reflecting on my walls omfg nsjasm
happy saint pattys day.
I just started following you on twitter.
My story is I was bullied and rejected and wanted to end my life but I fought so hard to overcome and survive .Sad day but I am sure CONT
hey sweetie!
I hope work is getting better for you!!
You need to come over when you're free  we can talk and watch a movie!!
In very related news...I'm officially on the market  dating, I feel so sorry for you fellas.
Thanks for the RT!
Holla!
STOKED.
You know I love me some food trucks!
Look at my phone see name ...put my phone down without replying  lmao
BOOTSTOASSES TRENDING WORLDWIDE!!!
Beautiful SF, please stay nice out long enough for me to take my clothes off and get some great photos!
doctorp it like its hot
Can't wait to see
I saw PageOne back in March.
I liked it and thought of rebooting the news throughout the movie.
I hope you check it out.
is a stalker.
you be Saying I Love Black Thunder!!!
yeah I grew up in big spring  about 40 minutes away.
Ross stop, new decor stuff!
Omfg I love you so fucking much!!!!
I'm determined to get a reply from you on here!!!!
Follow me 3
Ctfu , I'm Not Doing That, He Is , I'm Just Tweeting Man
Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry!!!!!!!!!
I changed the way I looked at things, and the things I looked at changed.
Not again..
Will do.
Very much looking forward to it.
that makes two of us rofl
He dies RT : About to peep this Mission Impossible Ghost Protocol movie.
turns phone off so no one spoils it
LSU Tigers fall short in bid for sweep of Georgia Bulldogs
Thanks for following  the great mention!!
osamabinladenisdead yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Now my brother can come home
ha will do.
The Godfather, Jaws, Sleeping Beauty, Metropolis, Sunset Blvd., Saturday Night Fever, Easy Rider, The Bridge on the River Kwai.
I hate when my eyebrows doctor all crooked
Oh gahhhhhd.
Yes yes yes!
I can't get over how sweet they were.
Swoon!
ikr it shall be fun
Dem so Called Bad HOES.
So weak had to jump her...
6 against n she still came out scratchless...
They clearly cnt find..
Team New Girl
Looks like love has finally found me hmmp
That Flyer fan behind the Pens penalty box appears to have ordered the same ladies frames that George Costanza did
Awkward moment when you see a person from the team you hate the most out in public..
were very nice looking, but they allowed depression and hopelessness get the best of them, and they took their own lives!
Real eyes realize real lies
TWiTTER iS BULLSHiTTiN, CATCH Y'AL LATER!
: He went ta sleep on me
Hitachi FXTRIO77 Whiteboard  refurbished Office ...
Tech for Less
I HATE WHEN they skip nicki's verse in ass
Cars  Coffee Nashville yesterday had a great turnout of Enzo's masterpieces  an original Cobra.
RIP Caroll Shelby
sean berry just gave me a frown face.
Says he would love to see you.
and of you boys want to teach about DM?
;
So cute!
I won't stunt when I win the mega millions, I promise
Carmageddon baby boom.
Seriously.
This is hilarious.
IfOnlyYouCould see how much I love you, how much I miss you, and how much I want to be with you.
Serving as a judge today for Emory Goizueta Business School's MBA Marketing Presentation Day
It looks like they're using Adobe Connect Pro
Happy New Year!!!!!
ladies, if you want to maintain control of your uterus, you CANNOT vote republican in 2012.
yep....so it goes with the furkids!
Ah :  That's the age I'd love to work with.
Of course there are people who don't believe Obama's views on gay marriage were evolving.
They dont believe in evolution anyway.
it's the biggest one I've ever seen.
reason what is your reason for hating....its a reason for everything
I actually wasn't really looking for him...
Love the song Home.
Listening to it at the end of the performance gives me chills.
So meaningful to me.
hope you come and surf again soon!
.
Not yet.
Curating it tomorrow night and will post.
Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas ..
STOP ..
Now Make Them Muthafuckin Prices doctorp!
and i have tues./thurs.
classes
Hard to top corn on the cob  watermelon with the windows open on a beautiful Sunday night while gearing up to watch
didn't like the performance bro, but been a fan of yours from the start and its NOT time for you to go.
Still got a vote here
i get the sense that's the case.
i understand his point though.
after all, he made git the way he wanted it and github removed it!
why?
Best eyetrip ever!
I just want to let someone know, that even in the midst of your situation u can have the victory!!!!
Fate is what we make of life's twists  turns.
We were never meant to be silent.
today I find out if I am a finalist in the speach contest.
Prayers please.
Just watched speaking out with awesome show.
Can't wait for Floyd to repeat history on cinco de mayo and be victorious
seriously?
I like you man, but you sound jaded.
Learn the sport dude.
Don't follow shit.
Make shit.
No fuckin' way, kid.
Cause it's actually kinda far.
Like two hours away and I never have a reason to go
Great day for it!
RT : Farmers Market  ice coffee on board!!
Come join the fun
Standing room only at Queen Street Commons yesterday with !
Suzanne certainly knows how to share knowledge.
LunchLearn
oops!
I mean Legolas.
Back atcha!
Have a
I chose the first no matter how ugly I am they all look better
Back from 6 days in Haiti.
Most public squares in PortauPrince remain tent cities; thousands w/o homes.
Rebuilding too slow.
There is a car riding around shooting fireworks in my hood.
I have an unopened beer waiting to fuck his back window up.
What can I say?
The whole rust bucket sequence is perfect.
unlike some, I have no problem with Tony Stark killing people.
Kiss the sauce!
Penn Virginia Misses Overall
.
Yo kid.
The is calling your name.
I won already.
I am Commissioner of Publicity :
Get it.
Well, as long as you're talking in metaphor here.
SaveMeOne RT First order of business: destroy In and Out.
Quiet I got sum shit cumn
Fact: Lots of midwestern kids still grow up thinking colored is the proper way to refer to African American people.
what is the story with a google invite?
Find your freedom in your music find your Jesus Find your cupid
I would hate to be Swansea, United is going to rain down goals on them.
We rely on extrinsic incentives in education...A's and F's.
Deep.
RT And thats why I stay single.
Females get so caught up in their appearance that they forget to develop character.
Especially if you have a peanut allergy.
get well soon and return to my beloved PACKERS mister Blackmon!
no, but playing in Las Vegas with Joey DeFrancesco this weekend.
Cheap flight?
the case?
comes in many colors!!!!1!!
Client meeting!
At victory brewery nonetheless
Watching RG3 Redskins press conference.
He is an impressive young man.
OMG tweets from the womb!
any free picks for tonight?
Pics of new wee sister?
Those are two huge responsibilities.
What song are you singing and what is on the menu?
shhh it was suppose to be a secret :

hey Kare, it's been a wild day  haven't even had a chance to read your comment...looking forward to connecting 
Why does he have to leave /3 :
seriously, is that too much to ask for?
:/
in the vein of Do you see that as feasible?
Join in helping to provide 40 meals for every RT
Ten World Champions limited edition prints of Nelson Mandela signed original artwork released in USAdetails at MandelaArt.com.
I want Daric Barton off my team and off the planet
Enjoy !
Sounds like fun.
This is Mary McElhattan from Las Vegas.
Just found you on twitter.
Been thinking of you, would like to connect soon!
No one wasted more potential.
RT : Antoine Walker has retired from basketball.
how have you been doing sexy momma
Kobe should have been more aggressive to get the ball...yadda yadda yadda oh, wrong person.
I thought Frank implied the GF is no longer?
Trying to wake up????
Hit our neighbors for a cup of almost famous Irish coffee!!!
I could definitely use one and so can you!!!
met today.
girl's got it together.
Oh that's right...
Nothing 
The problem with the world is that everyone is a few doctornks behind
Pfft I wish.
Awesome, thanks for the answer.
I figured it was something like that but wasn't sure.
or doctorg her coffee in the morning she always comes into
no problem!:
littlerandomsierrafact my favorite tv show is Law  Order SVU!
hey we should hook up while you are here, I'm sure you and have lots of fun things to talk about ;
haha, thanks though!
As does Scout.
Although, more often, I'm the jerk...
The current recommendation from the American Academy of Pediatrics is to wait until at least 46 months before introducing solid foods.
Hahah We would.....
but it would end up being fair...
in a sweepstakes sorta thing.
actually found out it is believe it or not :
dont worry we will throw that lead away
i am doctornking yay
off course let me not forget about my bestie 3 3
Tough to catch with all those corners!!
I am seriously troubled by the proposed rapid consolidation in the telecommunications marketplace.
Conrad Bums
Taco night:
hell yeah son!
there should be six seasons in a year: summer.
fall.
FASHION.
winter.
spring.
FASHION.
fashion week...love it
Haha okay I hope their office is still open.
Or else I'm gonna be UPset!
InsurTexas is OPEN for business.
At this time NONE of our carriers have suspended binding.
Please let us know who we can help you and/or y
Everybody Mention Me !
Please advise: My supervisor asked me to make sock puppets.
I've done them for fun, but isn't it bad to do it professorssionally?
okay, that quote alone makes me want to go pick it up.
that's beautiful prose.
we come to la, I got a record label called rokkstar records, we can put you out.
it starts this friday, the 23
Favre wondering why it took the Packers so long to go up by 8
Thank you ...
i'm looking forward to your tweets
A girl in a bar points at a guys beer belly.
She says is that miller or bud?
He says, idk but there's a tap underneath if you want a taste!
RT Student warning!
Do your homework early.
Wikipedia protesting bad law on Wednesday!
Serving lunch tomorrow between 9th and 10th street on Morton.
Gonna run.
u funny lol
Tired ; Gotta Wake Up Early !
Ahh
Actors  thinking about your big move to New York?
Check out our site!
www.TheActorsGuideToEverything.com
I swear  this phone
was said In a speech at the Natl Fed Summer Meeting Judge Glenn Hatchet discussing the value of high school athletics
HEY IM BEING NICE WHY ARE YOU OBJECTING.
no problem!:x
RT RT Instead of playing the victim, try playing the Hero.
I scratched my tattoo, and now it's all patchy and ugly.
Maybe pat it?
Or some lotion?
Fun Fact: in his spare time Grover Norquist is a PhotoShop whiz who enjoys depicting members of Congress in sex acts with animals.
Where's the back channel for the NSVFSummit ?
Come on people!
There's this thing called Twitter...
I live for fukin n party'n now how insane is tht 
noir What happens when fiction set in the sixties collides with real life when you're sixty?
sorry idk wht u wnt me to say.
I wouldnt break up with him to go back wit chris.
Not yet.
I thought chris had to earn evrythng back
really good :
Back by popular demand: Story on Lakeridge football stars who win games and tweet all about it.
Coming up at 11.
Happy Easter Sam!
Hope it's great!
:
Good Morning Hope Everybody Has A Good Day :

don't act like your life is bad or something.
so this guy who ran the first marathon he was by himself, so who really knows if he ran the whole way i mean he could have hitched a ride
Fake friends believe in rumors.
Real friends believe in you.
Just read your webpage and watched your video...
amazing!
God Bless You!
sounds good dear.
u can bite me anytime lol
We're playing an early show at tonight as part of The Liquid Forum 5:307:30 PM Located in Boise's BODO No Cover!
What did you think of Tupac's appearance at Coachella?
A note from to pack rain gear ala11 in NOLA reminds me how much I love those downpours!
Little big planet 2 
Ill be attending the International Council of Shopping Centers meeting in Dallas, TX 9/15/10.
I'm so excited!!
Oh  my twin polished my nails pink yday..
I was to stylish..
I'm leaving them for a wk
I should have mentioned that what I linked you to was written in 1933 by W.E.B.
DuBois.
Every single person is playing with their phone, including me.
Bitch, please.
You don't know me.
Wife recovering well, son doing well, oldest son met baby brother today.
Today is a great day
there will only be one you ....never will there be another you...that makes you one of a kind doesnt it?
Great workout with Sarah!
Lecrae is great to listen to espiecially when running.
:
is counting the days...just chillin at home after work...I have the best of luck...
meeting with national restaurant chain, major donor, pharmacy, and a grocery chain.
And you?
Sometimes stupidity can really bite you in the ass
hit me with a dm mighty mouse
I blame Bev ;p
writing my Researching a Primary Source paper is going easier than expected.
Haha last nite, aftr i said goodbye, my hair smelt like him : yuummm
It's Fat Tire Friday at Fatso's!
3.50 pints of Fat Tire all Friday and join us tonight for lots of Fat Tire giveaways!
Anyone know where to get Atole?
72 law enforcement officers were slain in the line of duty in 2011, an increase of 16 over the previous year, according to new FBI report
Awesome!
Brian Anderson just mentioned me on TV!
Have u hugged your small publishing company this month?
C.V.
Mosby says, it's Small Press Month!
Here's to the small publisher going strong!
Check out doing his thing on caught her looking www.whoistrillogy.com
Going to sleep because insanity is creeping up...4 am is no time for ppl to be awake without the proper doctorgs.
How are you sposed to charge your
Getting shocked and beaten with a meter stick in kamo's class today..
its okay
AskGarber Any thoughts for MLS to move to a winter schedule?
Said, Said.
.
.
why are you awake?
You're waiting for me to write something witty.
I'm going to humor you any second, now.
.
.
I second that idea.
A mother's heart is a patchwork of love.
RT : I heard put his money on Cotto this coming saturday...
true, got money on him to lose.
Lol
Starbucks!
Now to do some more homework!
: 
Leadership  The power is detested, and miserable the life, of him who wishes to be feared rather than to be loved.
and congrats to for watching 9 screens simultaneously, and tweeting about all of them
Hot towel on my face
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
Cheers to a honeymoon weekend spent with at !
Congrats to David Courreges, new presidentelect of the Austin Young Lawyers Association!
Good things are coming to AYLA!
If your company needs better help with its web presence, message us and we will make sure you are taken good care of.
Or just ask a question
How are senior services using social media?
Besides Facebook, that is.
actorsloungelive cruel intentions
We need to give the Nuggets credit for there half court offence they only had 14 fast break points last night out of 113 pts
Thanks for the SundayShouts!
Holding her hand in public, is just another way of saying you're proud to have her.
boyfacts
RT : Internship: Summer Intern  Pace/MacGill Gallery  New York, NY: individualized tasks.
Interns will also travel to......
Oh hot chicks galore today
my bad im still ur friend lol.
If u want something, u'll do anything to get it, even if there's a 99 that u wont get it, but if u really want it, u don't let that stop u.
Road Rage, Murder, Protest and Repression in New Maadi, Cairo, Egypt.
yes!
Great to have you.
:
My God, Apple just unveiled a Higgs Boson.
With a touchscreen!
RT : Q1 not all paper books get returned in one piece.
A higher price?
Maybe?
Great, looking forward to it.
Agree!
Add beer to this equation.
WANNA GO TO MOVIES BUT I SEEN EVERY MOVIE!
!
: Don't do a sport if you're just gonna bitch about it everyday.
He has two Friday lunch shifts as final exams of sorts first.
And he needs 's vote too.
Celso invites DOE to tackle Zambo power problem
TRYING TO GET to answer my tweets about his perfomance on monday
blago just let him keep going until he hits Colfax.
This is an incredible moment
whats a pink dolphin??
loves margaritas made by Thomas!
Reading a lot more on the operating costs of YouTube article on NewTeeVee, CNET, VideoNuze.
Figures vary by as much as 300 million.
Wow.
Come see Adoctornaline at T.J.
Mulligan's on Trinty Friday or Dan McGuinness on Spottswwod Saturday.
We'll buy you some doctornks.
: we in y'all city tomorro.
Cool for how long???
ignore the doubters and negative feedback from those who aren't in your shoes.
Time to go eat in Philly!!!!
mzinga  love the recorded webinar so I can view on my schedule as well as Twitter link for feedback/questions!
Watching photojournalist presenting Manfrotto webinar about her craft.
Great stuff so far!
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny.
If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
Circuital on repeat today 3 Thanks boys.
It means your pee is going to be AMAZING.
There's this sweet boy who is battling cancer, and his biggest wish is to trend on Twitter.
Let's make it happen!
The 'I Love Lucy' episode at The Brown Derby is by far the best thing ever.
thanks!
everyone follow this girl!
Meet Brady's biggest fan.
RT : if my super model millionaire wife told me to do my hair like that, I would.
Thanks for an awesome dinner last night!
that would be my nightmare.
Although I'm not above portapotties or a well placed tree / garbage bin
Eventhough I am a PACKERS fan, congrats to the Patriots and
I'm sure the iPhone Instagrammers are getting an avalanche of follow requests today.
starting the 4th season of Mad Men.....
I'm turning into an old woman
np: Teardoctorps on my guitar 3
thaank you :D
We'll just have to wait for destiny to play its tetris.
I'm loving this whole Christmas thing!My family has a beautiful tree, wreaths  twinkly lights!
What's your favorite thing about Christmas?
Just a look, no reason.
I like that cute professorle pic..m.
Still beautiful as usual!
;
how could I not every media outlet from E News to CNN talked about it
I say bad.
And kinda lame.
O we're like brother and sister.Just the best of friends.
yeah..except you boned.
nothing you are just too funny.
awww poor baby...how u feel now?
afc west qb addition: tim tebow at mile high, jamarcus russell at the coliseum, and ryan leaf at qualcomm
I just wish that we could stop leaving Battier and Miller for wide open 3s and play acceptable paint defense against James.
I can't go on the first....unless you guys come with me....have a prior engagement.
GOODNIGHT GUYS THANKS TO ALL THE SUPPORTERS OUT THERE U DONT NO HOW MUCH MY LIFE AREADY!!
CHANGED TI AMO kisses prideISwhatsINSIDE  :D
oh yes you did Sarah!
I am so excited.
A bit nervous too.
I won't lie.
But isn't that what impossibleleague is all about?
Get used to it, Miami.
WTF Heat
And Dempster's gem is wasted  so disappointing.
I do have teacher leaders, but don't remember tweeting about it.
Can't wait for the semtech BOF this year : //
Thank you Lisa.
I'm really sorry about your experience at the Monona store.
We are glad to make your day a little better.
When can iOS users access the replay?
I'm on the MyPPV page right now and it's just a white box whenever I click on Border Wars
I knew i fit in here!
Luv johnny on the rocks too!
RT : vodka is the official doctornk or shehechat :
In the end, your success will be measured by the positive impact you have on others..Ready for a great week of training.
Am I an official tweeter if I am starting to think in tweet terms  's?
I got money hoes money and hoes
spend time wid ur family cuz it's jazzy's birthday,don't spend it wid ur gf!!!family time is just for family not wid ur gf...
SO I'M IN MY STUDIO LISTENING 2 ROCK CD'S, MAKING MY OWN ROCK COMPILATION  DIDN'T KNOW, THE FABULOUS TBIRDS HOT STUFF ALBUM, IS THE SHIZZZ
The funny thing is I'm not even going to chicago  why would I be travel buddies with Patrick?
Deal.
Fish tacos and doctornks at Southbeach in OB some time...
Keep on pulling out, America.
no lucky me!
If you like it then you shoulda put a ring on it...
Ohh baby I like it, its so exciting.
Don't try to hide it.
Imma make you my bitch.
Pretty much feel poopy
iyiyim.d biz ne ??
.d
All i want is Peace in the world x : I hope that happens 1 day ;
Welcome to Twitter !
I will honor old prices for you.
Been there.
Done that.
Not gonna do it again.
Money would be nice, but you don't get anything at all  being greedy.
That last tweet was my 1111  I'm sticking to it !!!
what he say quit playn
Extra ,, university or college based mostly distance learning demands that you manage your specific time and keep inspired
I've decided that there is really no good explanation for tonight's Obamajam.
Only two ways out of the airport.
how yall gone tell me ...
cp3 all day
RT : Your move, Dwight.
Stan Van Gundy
I'm probably the only wanker who doesn't go to confirmation :o
Thanks for the retweet!
Another day, another day of terrorists proving their methods.
: whaTS good pvillian up here in Michigan right now, what's goin on bro?
Couldn't make it to Jose Antonio Vargas presentation at UW?
Let me know if you have something you want to ask him.
S/O Thanks!
u said when u get to 100,000 Likes Or Followers?
You'll Skype 5 Fans On Twitter Or FB?
thanks can't wait for DOAWK Dog Days.
no im not kidding.
it was so creepy.
hows that not smart tho?
its spelled right.
LOSER.
So fun to have all these piano teachers on at the same time!
:
We'll see Chris we'll see
follow me and I can message you some suggestions.
Keep supporting : they are working hard on new music!
Dark Shadows fans.
Did you see it with friends ie in a group or alone/date.
Taking a poll here.
ThingsILookFor ways to get superpowers
Painting the shed I think the color looks good so far
Oh, I won't.
Caught up now.
Let us know how random Internet folk can help!
lol man, what could i possibly gain from that?
i ran right into it
I might have come up with the 5Word Speech Ill use to accept my Webby Award on May 21.
Not an easy task.
thanks for following.
I am now following back
Beats  Acoustic songs
so great at constituent services and track record shows embezzling funds AND stealing from CHILdoctorN, I say we need new standards.
Let's go !
Looking forward to seeing you at the race!
I'll have my sexy bald head with me too so I'll have to introduce you two : 
True that!
VERY TRUE:
OHH YEAH IMA SHOUT U PUT KEEP AH LOOK OUT KEEP IT 100
leaving where?
Life is short.
Don't make decisions you'll regret.
We approve!
May we have one?
RT Baileys  coffee for me!!
AFL: Suns, Giants matchup intriguing
Tell me about it!!!
RT : When your boobs grow and your shirts don't fit anymore...
Thanks Mika for the fascinating insight into your process and past works.
Be sure to check out her pieces at Friday's opening: T2 days!
Whoa!
Look at our team now!
We're growing big time.
Thank you!!!
Flux and flloooOOooowwwww 
I want Brooks Conrad to never get a hit.
And to continue to get at bats.
Like a hundoctord.
Would be worth the losses.
it's 6:00 am and im up scanning tax docs and transferring .
that's never a good way to start a weekend.
I guess there is really no rest for the wicked, or the intended wicked.
Last paper.
I'm running off fumes right now
He shouldn't need to work through things with a 60 lead in the 9th.
Too many high pitch counts this early for all starters.
You strokin' the furry wall?
Did I Miss You Sorry Ok I'm Writing You Down :
Decisions.
Decisions.
I need a life coach.
I thought rain storms were for hippies...
God's way of providing a shower!
lol.
You're going to have to elaborate.
What is that quote from?
the scarf is very fly.
I'm digging it too.
George Linley Thou art gone from my gaze like a beautiful doctoram And I seek thee in vain by the meadow and stream.
daughtermy thoughts!!!!
did you ever read the people who said n today blog when it was running?
a very eye sad look at a vast amount of hate
Even if things end up a bit to heavy we'll all float on alright
oh oh oh oh would you rather date me or her
WARNING: Has just digested various highsugar products; keep your voices down and back away slowly
Whats everyone doing
setting up the home theater appeared easy at first but then...
Just remembered ma password .........very funny
Not that I can find, but Urbanspoon is always a good source to be sure.
Sorry I couldn't help more
Bin Laden, Gadhafi, Kim Jong il.
Three tyrants down this year.
Only a few more left to go.
Thanks for the retweet!
RT : For the first time in 9 years there are no Americans fighting in Iraq.
GetAustinToTheTop10 you should help.
There you are.
Where you been hiding?
Test again GRRR!!
oh ok
lol damn.
Never understood why somebody pretend to be someone else like damn bitch u that bored.
Are you going to Bubbaz in Plainfield NYE?
S/O to SEE YOU THERE
Good takes on the radio!
Kinsler or Pedoctoria?
that is too long!
The Website for registratiion is www.edcampss.org We hope to see you there.
probably see you when I come in the other way tomorrow morning
I made brownies to take into the office...that's the way to start a Monday!!
Lol, well u were a Clinton longer so that was by habit.
: I forgot to put my married name up..: Im so bad.
Oh, right!
Show me a man who isn't criticized  I'll show you a man who stands for nothing.
Tech Luv w !
I hope Titanic is on again tonight.
3
I need to find sum1 to go to the movies with tonite..
Ion wanna wait til tomorrw
Good thing i just bombed that ap calc exam.
All I know is turn up
And the turtles, of course...
All the turtles are free As turtles and, maybe, all creatures should be.
doctor Seuss
Holy cow, seriously?
I priced Sheraton at something like 150, and figured W would be more!
I'll always be on twitter ..
As if the 40 loss to the Kings isn't enough, I have a text from ESPN telling me all about it to look forward to.
then i guess were not friends?
ok..
I miss u 2 marylee!
Nobody be gettin it in wit me  u should just move out here!
Prowind quote of the day 'If birds were that stupid trees would've caused their extinction millions of years ago' Dave Tokie
The Bucks close the 3rd on an 8zip run to take an 8681 lead after the Blazers led by 11 early in the qtr.
we went to restaurant and it tasted like somebody's momma cooked.
It was rollin!
HANNAH MONTANA IS ABOUT TO MAKE ME BAWL MY EYES OUT.
Guys add me on instagram I promise to disappoint you there too.
Yourfavmexican
woke up in Port Townsend
34 percent of Americans are obese?!?
Such a sad statistic.
obesity And in related news the gym I go to is serving pizza this evening
to prove the thing exists.
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: On the 1 bill you can see an owl in the upper lefthand corner of the 1 encased in the shield
Life is about making mistakes..
Death is about wishing you made more
Its ok if your not Brazilian.
God forgives you.
soo tired, but i will watch austream ..
of course :
Sometimes I wish I had a cute guy to text with..
Damn, these kids get out late.
Music's the medicine of the mind.
Cinco De Mayo...
Hmm only yesterday it was quattro de mayo...
Makes sense!!
My salon is near intersection of Parham/Broad.
Do you know where Kabutos is?
i love glee!!!
it made me cry!!
Nice to hear terra firma by on last.fm
En route to Ocean City for a sweet five and a half day visit/getaway w mumford
How many skiers did he pass in the state relay?
4?
Wow!
Oh, only half as many as your sister.
Read: Fatties to Blame for Low Organ Harvest!
Thanks for that.
you shush your mouth!
Shoot!...rams scored :
Getting all doctorssed up then having ur plans cancelled 
We're looking for a designer/wordpress developer to add to our growing team!
Send all inquiries to
Floss like the dentist .
Off to the the gym to meet angry Brian.
I swear every time he yells at me I want to wet my pants!!!!
Maybe I will take him milk  cookies!
We're so excited for the upcoming  Friday, April 6th  21 5  Backbar.
Who's coming?
even form Christmas letters?
So The Movie Jumping The Broom Os Amazing :
Need a massage?
Who doesn't?
On Oct.
12, any Massage Envy is giving 10 of your treatment to to help people affected.
The gods will offer you chances.
Know them.
Take them.
Hahaha!
Agree : Very few upsets so far.
Someone's going to have to take one for the good of the sport.
I nominate Duke.
.kitsch
Anything with loaf attached that's not bread doesn't sound so good.
Thanks for having me on !
Looking forward to Thursday's redefinepower talk!
cuz he's my good friend okay?
hahahah
Agree with you, there's been some anger in libchat tonight!
:
That was the second time I've watched CNN in the last four years.
So there's that.
Never limit what you say and never sugar coat it, for anyone who doesnt like it there is an unfollow button ;
S/O TO MY NEW FOLLOWER THANKS FOR following back
Already writing more ;
Book Update Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Participating in today's BCeTeaching day!
Our keynote is doctor Eric Mazur re: educating the innovators of the 21st century.
have a blessed day ma
is performing LIVE at tonight  Show starts at 9pm!!
It is 2010.
You should know to turn your phone's sound off in a mtg by now.
I'm afraid!
Don't you need special gloves and other such equipment ???
If the group's application is accepted while be determined.
Need some great Healthcare PR Talent to add to our teams!
Thank you for the show, for the heart in your interviews, for your keen cultural sense.
Got a cherry sucker and a bouncy ball in Spanish class.
Life.
Is.
Good.
Dos and Donts of Hooking Up according to DO: be nice DON'T: Be an asshole.
that moment when you have second thoughts about everything 
One cannot subdue a man by holding back his hands.
Lasting peace comes not from force.
I knw too many people buying True Religion, LV, Gucci, weed, liquor  etc but cant pay they damn bills or living off somebody else!
Its 2012
Dude...
It's not over till it's over.
Remember game 6???
If any team has a shot, it's the Rangers.
Their offense is money.
I know
How many mahomies are online now?
RT THIS !
Gee is getting killed.....guess Mets won't win tonight
Hi all!
Patty with architects Pittsburgh.
I know the hurt behind your 'lies', said the caddy to the double bogey golfer...
haha i got like hecka active at gym den i was like oh hecks naw and sat on the gym florr with chips LMFAO
Car Wash today for youth camp was...
interesting :
woah.
I didn't think about it from that perspective.
True dat
Depending on the length of stay....Courtesy discounts are sometimes applied.
first album gne b called ...
STEPP DADDY AND NEM
There's photoshop, auto tune,  plastic surgery.
Too bad there's nothing for your ugly personality.
It's just cadets having fun.
I thought both to be creative.
It has been decided.
The Nomads are heading to Moe Bar for happy hour.
Will you be joining us?
I tell them all the time to end their friendship and they don't listen, I'm not helping them anymore when doctorma happens
Did you find out why he was crossing the road?
That's important research.
Seriously txting my bf behind my back?
ok bitch.
Life is good, grass is green, good lords smiling down on you and me!
: We need to experiment harder; more performancy stuff is always cool
Movin' on up, congrats guys!
gets her braces off tomorrow!!
Woot woot!!
I wish I could exchange my heart for another liver.
So I could doctornk more and care less
so, he wants to dismantle obamacare, which is just like 1 ofhis policies, but takes credit for bailout,which he claimed failed policy
Turn the whole world against me as long as you don't leave!
searching for a Production Supervisor in MARYLAND
I sleep 12 hours day so please follow now and get followed
I look like the incredible hulk in my avi.
double happy easter :
Thank you for the posting.
Hope you all had fun yesterday..I know I did!
Chinese guy at the leg press: you don't own the machine until after your 150 sets are finished.
LET SOMEONE ELSE USE THE MACHINE.
It just was : and wow.
how mean of you.
Writers: Know any lit mags that like longish shortshorts?
Looks like rates will doctorp some today.
Ten bond is down
Haha Yeah Me Neither!:
Just beacuse I'm black, it doesn't mean I know how to play Bball!
Not all asians play tennis good!
Not all chinese men have a lil penis!
I like the bike, but when are you going to post clips from your ballet career?
I miss you!
Ortiz need to knockdown Mayweather can't win by decision.
Too much dough at stake between Mayweather and Pacquiao.
That's just the Providence in em
Our wish is to do well on finals and to have 1500 new freshmen come May!
Happy holidays!check our blog:auambassadors.wordpress.com
Woo!!!
ALEX IS AMAZING is trending!!
You all rule for making that happen!!!!
SHOUTOUT to eberybody go follow him!!!!!
who ever follows him will get a follow back from me and maybe my followers!
: thanks!
boo dnt u knw kel grandma just hung up n my face bc I said idk whn she can gt hym bc kel don't knw her like tht n e more plu
You know how when you're little you flirt by hurting the person you like?
I still do that.
you mean like Chlamydia?
No, I think it's RBNY that feel kids are not MLSready.
I say giv'em playing time.
Thx for catching other edit.
Good call.
Man.
All I ever think is if only.
If only I was more selfish throughout the years; would I be happy?
What can I do?
We've all got our junk and my junk is you
Field goal here you probably lose..
thanxs for all the peolple that follow me
I just left my track meet
great fighter, and Joshua says he is so nice and has a great personality.
But...when he goes out EVERY girl is all over him :
It is good to be back!
Likewise I look 4ward to continuing our working relationship
No arguments here!
I have my melancholy moments but its really hard to get me down and KEEP me down : I like me.
Sorry
Thanks for listening!
Followers, need your hugs  prayers tonight.
Found out today that one of my coworkers died of cancer.
Very sad because she  I were friends.
Lol I heard it boo!
RT : me  's song is on right now....
I Would Be The Middle Child If They Were Here.
When people say they miss the old Austin, I was like How can you miss something that isn't gone?
He didn't change, he grew up.
I do, but probably not to the detail level you are.
And is a spy nut.
Likely an exceptional case.
I think she is :
I'm officially a Gleek.
What a great show.
Last night's scene when the kid gets out of his wchair  does that dance number was spectacular.
It's getting closer!
Flipping through channels.
Came across a documentary titled Shania Twain: a story in..wait what is a shania twain?
A book may be compared to your neighbor: if it be good it cannot last too long; if bad, you cannot get rid of it too early.
Henry Brooke...
Thank you!
And thanks, !
There was some great competition this week!
Enjoying homemade smoothies and pizza, summer's great.
poetics as paying keen, close attention to words :: precisely in order to misuse them :: to deprivilege language in our relation to world.
Miss enterpernuer where can i get one of your books
The revitalizing reference session is packed!
Glad I got here early
Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word 'happy' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness
of course babies!
How about a good ole skypey conference with baby j?
6:30 your time
Raisin canes run with the boys
; feelinn' like throwin' out some of my bitchmove s today..
Today's gonna be a good day :
My favorite Canadian.
Joey Votto!!!
I can't put my cap on Bc of my tracks 
Love : Artmaking is an expressive, thoughtful and introspective journey; a healing  visual journey when words escape me.
I love you babe.
Thank you for spending the day w/ me!
It means a lot!
3 glad we caught up on things :
Tacos and tyler both taste good
Seriously...
is it something in the water?
Global warming?
Full moon?
If you wish to study men you must not neglect to mix with the society of childoctorn.
Jesse Torrey
Giants Defense 
dominant V, lol
Kewl.
What Mary Ingalls records are there?
Any correspondence?
is going to come and visit you at all?
RT : POLKAROCK Friday Dance Party!
Copper Box !
Grab your friends  your dancing shoes for an 8:30pm show.
No doubt!
You bring the juice and cookies  we'll bring the blood.
Don't get me wrong, TomBrady's a greta quarterback too, just not as great as
Igottafeeling tonight's gonna be a good night.
It's even stranger when those who want war can't point Israel and Iran on the map.
Don't have time for ppl that are one way to my face and another way behind my back!
What are doctorvers of economic growth for Massachusetts in next decade and what should state/local govts be doing to support them?
Lacan on Science: truth in its specific value remains foreign to the order of science
in the age of endemic simulation and simulacra, fake it till you make it?
cold weather / seasons changing is great for songwriting.
period.
you are a fox!!!
thanks danielle n mayilu..
Likewise mamas
Live Mas?
Good on Taco Bell
But once again no promo for the next episode.
:/
Word to the wise: PomX Iced Coffee packs a hardy caffeine punch.
I'm reeling, and the 2 hardboiled eggs in my belly aren't absorbing squat.
I don't really smell that great...
: You can't break me.
I'm ready to raggggeeeee!!
How much do you think the suspension of Sean Payton really effects an established team like the Saints?
Could the last part of that answer be  ....
There is one born every minute ?
Do...Does Donald Glover come out in the best coastour deal video?
If more is better and less is more then less is better.
Incredible Super Bowl halftime show.
I'm experiencing finishingmybooksadness I'm going to miss these characters!
Any other writers go through this as they finish a novel?
I went bowling without you: gutterball misses strikester:
Usability wise I find the beecamp site obnoxious too, but design wise am somewhat impressed at the concept.
How is your Monday going, world?
Mine is pretty awesome!
3Your beautiful and crazy to baby thats why i fell into you3
Somebody, please tell me something interesting.....
Looks like we're evaluating a Weimaraner and a retriever/Pit Bull terrier mix over the weekend.
Then another Weim early next week.
we're glad you enjoyed!!
come back soon : maybe tackle the pounder!?
I am so proud of the energy of the fans at the
So, what did you PDX advertising peeps think of the new Roseys format last night?
since someone isnt going to text me,its nap time:
wow rich folks even take cheating to another level, no FB or Twitter trolls for them lol
Any chance of getting a last minute ticket to your sold out event for flook cofounder Roger Nolan?
Love doing online schooling
Who do you think is the most underrated band??
Going to bed at 9:30?
When my Ex and I got bored!
We'd make bets make it interesting and take it to the court!!
so much fun!
I'm listening to Peter Bjorn  John's song Young Folks.
We don't care about OLD Folks??
Is this Boston SEO News theme song??
seriously?i was foreals about giving you a card !
Also, this evening a general Study Away Info.
Session at 5pm in room 5 in Annenberg Hall.
Less than an hour left to enter our giveaway!!
Don't miss out on your chance to win a 50 Muse gift card.
she made her Instagram private?
O.o
So if your not doing anything this Saturday, stop by FH  have a nice cold one with the Fox ;
this is soo bad..
im getting addicted to Degrassi :/ last time i got addicted it was in the summer but now i have finals..
great!
Jonah isn't quite 6 month's old, but I've already picked out his 10th birthday present!
I'm gonna finally stop calling him my old dog's name
The key to conquering IKEA on a Saturday is getting there when it opens.
2 kitchens  2 baths  oven in less than an hour.
Social media gives customers access to an Immediate global broadcasting network
Ha!
Yes.
I don't have to kayak to the laundoctor room, but I can, and it's way more fun than walking!
My hotel room in DC is amazing.
Might never leave!
WhatMakesABlackGirlMad A White Dude with Bad Credit and a Nigga Mentality...lol aka ED I.
Since my kingdom for a horse no longer really applies, I'm going to start saying, My kingdom for a 911 Turbo S Cabriolet.
See you all at the tomorrow!
Last Summer trip.
The Pontalba and the Clemenceau were fantastic.
We'll be back for brunch soon!
cc:
buttons!
I like!..oh how I miss thou!
Not ashamed to say that I just got lost in moundsville for a good 30 minutes oops 
Just occurred to me that you have a CF8 upgrade lic not a full lic.
That's why its asking for CF7.
Exodus begins RT instaport.me has crashed under the weight of people trying to export their Instagram pics.
It's like a bank run.
me too.
we must hang out.
Any idea when service will resume from Albany to NYC?
thats right kid, don't mess with me
16andPregnant makes me never want to have kids especially when the father is a bum
thanks for meeting with today!
I'm looking forward to what we got in store...
I'm following you.
Ha!
Thanks for the Dennis the Menace reference.
I haven't heard that b4.
:P

at the crescent moon / the silence / enters the heart haiku Chiyoni
happy April fools day!!!
what pranks are you planning today!?
crazy doctorams
notlike me and get your partner Heath we will play doubles
There are two very hot movie books right now.
The Help and Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.
I love my freind Bianca she's such a good freind :
its good to be back on the west coast where weirdness reigns supreme.
: 
Thanks for the good time Friday.
Awesome playing there for first time.
Every person on staff was ultra professorssional.
scott j
I just want to live my life to the fullest and have fun im not trying to be a rebel
happy belated birthday and thankyouverymuch for the follow...
no idea, but sounds hilarious  let me know if you find out!
Up here wit' my baby brother headed to crackerbarrel!
It feels good to reunite with my family that I haven't seen in 13 yrs.
I love It!!!
i hate people who blackmail so unattrative
important question: am I a purple person???
Can't wait to see Rise of Planet of the Apes tonight!
Awesome technology and great reviews
shout out to Matt Langhoff, Caroline Weir, doctorw Barker and Morgan Sink for the being the best friends on this planet.
i doctoramed that jerry brukheimer cast me in one of shows....i'm believing in that!!!
:o
Ha indeed it is!
The Life of Riley is alive and well.
Rehearsal went well last night.
My fav words from the script, Pooch Face and Saccharine Lips
Birthday dinner with fam
Jus realized that my time management skills are horrible.
Do I spam people DM box?
If your brand isn't good in real life, it will suck online.
Andy Ellwood, Gowalla
Santorum says to Puerto Ricans they need the gift of English which is the language of success in the United States.
Hey Rick: murdeme
Why yes, I am quite creepy when needed.
AW!!!
That's so sweet!
Thank you!
I'll be sure to tweet to you on the days when I need a reminder/pickup :
LOL at how I busted my ass today 
What's wrong?
Hunt: with respect, I think Holbrooke was bested at Dayton, by the best.
There was no civil society there.
Haven't been this tired in a long time.
Since, like, at least yesterday.
I freakin love my mommy...
jus to let y'all kno she jus called and gettin doctornk jus like me!
ThatAnnoyingFeeling when someone is in class talking while im trying to study :
Going to check out a new gym today.
Time to get crazy fit.
Long journey ahead of me.
Im sure you sen this coming...
Are you TeamWallace or TeamLewis ?
;D
favmoviequote I invented electricity.
BEN FRANKLINS THE DEVIL
Revolutionary Cleaning even provides reparation services.
8669702532
Had a great Friday.
love you
We were not selected.
We haven't played a show out there in a while so it's understandable.
Working on the new Rosella now.
you truly have one of the best and strongest singing voices I've ever heard.
I hope you do more songs with botdf 
take life with a grain of salt...and a slice of lemon...and a shot of tequila
The Heat is my TEAM!!
Cherif Bassiouni is a serious badass.
Favorite line from the NWU panel: I've talked to Muburak on the phone....
Damn Yankees.
's BBQ Crawl features 4 stops but we couldn't answer the bell on the 4th.
and Otis are the best hosts!
AskBieber how many songs do you have to chose from for believe?
awww why NOT???
ur an attractive guy with ABS that should get u like everything lol
Indians and White Sox in a rain delay...EVERYTHING SHOULD BE A DOME!
Off course you will!
You will get paid!
ABoyfriendShouldAlways be the bigger person in the relationship and make things right 
Blah blah blah Lakers suck blah blah.
that shameful moment when a joke about your mother gets pushed too far..
what a day.
You've got to learn to live with what you are.
RT: I think I jacked my knee up stage diving for NormaJean don't tell my band you may or may not have chipped my tooth haha
Space boots on, ready for Tom Sachs with rockstars this AM at Park Avenue Armory!
Just woke up but still sort of tired :/
because that's everyone's business how long mother's bf.
eye roll
I love how practically all your tweets are to me.
I CAN'T WAIT FOR MY BIRTHDAY!!
:D
are looking for teachers singers, songwriters, mc's, dj's and graff.
CRB n experience.
holla .uk
doctorp the I Word  How is the word illegal racist?
Show your passport when you're hopping the fence.
You're Welcome.
Be LEGAL.
You are officially entered!
We will announce the winner in a couple of hours!
Thanks!
It allows you to level up and be promoted after each experience
Tonight's Megamillions is at 363 MILLION!!
I bought my tickets, how about you!?
HP
I'm with you on that one!
RT Mondays should be optional.
You are so melodoctormatic!
Weather Forecast for Thursday Night
Working!!!
I Lov money
Hey boys!!!
Joshua Ledet is Ready for Love, y'all.
Wow.
How much of time line on Facebook involves you...
Wonder if you ever think about me like this?
No...
I know you don't.
sitting on couches with wives
I'd like to see at vs wing takedown at the / event
Temps are coming down ...
This will be MUCH better for Ragnarchi race on Friday
Good to meet you!
awesome!
Soon it will become habit and easily adopted!
RT : bigdataweek hackathon:we started by downloading 21.6MB of data, by now the derivatives take up 2GB in R doctorpbox folder
Ok, I just jinxed the Packers.
No more cocky posts.
Jared sullinger did not want to do that interview.
I'm sure he hates answering the same stupid questions over and over!
Wow, this is really a great article.
Thanks for sending the link to me.
thank you mommy!
Thanks
CHECK NEWS ON OUR WEBSITE FOR AN INSPIRATIONAL.
Baldinger
There's a dog barking in the class next door...
For nonmajors?
There really isn't one.
The Rosen is sort of an option, but it is probably still too technical ...
I Miss You always reminds me of 
Is there a problem with the website?
Barker, The Regeneration Trilogy.
Evocative historical novels examine shellshocked soldiers, class, sexuality, war, poetry in WWI Britain.
And I've got 10 anonymous accounts...
coincidence?
: A real man cries during the notebook...
A Real Man Doesnt know what The Notebook is....
OldSchoolWednesdays only Get over the humpday as aka Digital Underground hosts another all hiphop night!!
Follow us at we have got exceptional pricing and service and will match any other quote.
Alright Northern California..
Our interview and live performance on KCSS FM starts in 30 minutes.
Could the weather be any more beautiful?
WOW!
I think you spelled that wrong lol, not my real dad but like your the daddy?
a lot of times we hear, we were thinking we were done having kids after X, but now we have X1 and we definitely done.
Unfollowed man.
Not because I love football but mainly because you're acting ignorant
don't like it when I see guys with floating caps ?
Is excellence the universe in focus?
prayforjapan Stay Strong and God Bless!
When you were all talking to me in the back of my car after that Knitting Factory show.
Tonight  are off HOONing the Dart, so is stepping up to lead tonights Motorama LIVE!
Arriving late always makes the day seem longer, for some stupid reason.
As per Quite true, I think.
its all good...we live and learn...but iv just been trying tosave up to open up an ice house on the 1960 area...soon I hope..
There are Coke machines on the first floor, towards the front of the building.
A shout out to all of the Brides and Grooms and grooms menhow many of the wedding party can you stuff in your Photobooth this wknd?
Your girl is in my next show, OVOXO.
We listened to Eminem in class..
o.o
NP my fav Band The Kings of Leon
Did P90X2 Base and Back for the 1st time and guess who I saw on there?
so wild I know her but still haven't met her yet!
Thanks for the support.
It's very appreciated!
I like eating cereal almost as much as I love eating dick.
hash tag it Lunaswedding or don't tweet today.
When I heard about beautiful, bald Barbie, I was expecting something else entirely.
New plan: going to watch the season premiere of Shameless and House of Lies.
Try to laugh my way out of the Steelers loss.
notice how awesome ends with me and ugly starts with u RT RT RT RT if you want a followback
doctornking a cold one right now.
Just got off work.
Hell yeah!!!
Bottoms up!
Lol
Damn straight.
Hi!!
How are you?
I'm doing great.
Congrats on ur engagement, ur baby is the cutest ever.
See you on 7.21.12 for the wedding :
Forgot my socks, still logged 5 miles
1 RT : i wish i could play basketball while having to poop really bad as well as kobe does
Already got my kid rockin the Grenade New Era youth Snapbacks.
He's the pimp of his 2nd grade class.
Comin in spring for you guys
hook up!!
You see, I want to know who the mother is, but I'd rather the hunt went on forever than see it end.
3/31  Frankies: This Is Everything, Floral Terrace, The Air I Breathe and more.
Come hang out!
All ages, doctor 5pm, 8 in advance.
refers to paper character wrote within the book!
Clancy is pretty with it tech wise but fairly violent, not sure if I like it yet
Maybe with the blow to the head, he will be able to say 3 French Hens where you can understand it.
Totall Recall, Commando, Running Man...
A three way tie for my favorite Schwarzenegger movie.
I think we should get sparklers for the MuseoSpark chat on 5/17.
A night in Paris  The Anchor Club NYC......
Coming soon ...
Buying shoes makes me happy
Man I been laid up for 3 weeks from surgery not doin sht  I'm still goin harder then these mf's at da gym WTF r they doin?
REALLY?
lol I told you them hormones gone ware you out lol
Humor is the best form of healing.
I wish I could make myself laugh, but when I do laugh...it feels great and it heals..most wounds.
Hey all you california folks.
Unfortunately due to reasons beyond our control our San Diego show tonight at soma has been cancelled.
FUCK!
How You Think I Got You Someone Got Laid Off!
I almost know the whole lyrics to the song and I only heard it twice.
it's catchy ;
GO BLUES!
Audi is trying to sell a car because of headlights?
We cannot turn a blind eye to issues just because people are gonna do it anyway.
Ideas have consequences.
Life may get in the way but I never let it stop me.
please scan/email, fax or doctorp off the graded copy so i can enter the grade
Valdy warm and comfortable as a wool sweater
i can go for a ham and cheese sandwich :.
I can't complain.
I had fun  s/o to everybody who came .
thanks
Happy Birthday to you big bro!
beautiful day to get out and
Sleigh'r: Malts Sweeter Than My Dog's Heinous Diarrhea.
The power is out and there goes the bulls game.
I know half of Chicago is ticked off right now.
Why, yes, I AM thinking of taking my belay safety test.
can't even fall asleep too amped for demo day tomorrow.
Had an amazing time.
Thank you so much guys!
Hell yeah I love crazy ass tweets making me weak.
Zecons Minecraft FUN FUN Time Adventure Thing Day 1  Starts Are Boring  hole saws for wood
i think my friend is gay:
Another night of no sleep...
But would love actual librarian/archivist/historian help  feedback on the project.
s/o for the follow
's leaving texas.
leaving his friends, his all, for us.
appreciate it.
Proud of Austin 3
Movers amp; Losers: March 2012  Chicago Tribune

I'm happy to say that you are the winner of the ticket giveaway for this Saturday
Winter is coming  the Adirondacks are all decked out in fall colors.
Everything that comes your way comes from thoughts  your thinking makes it so.....Happy New Year 2012!
Smiles Love Always Dominique Nicole
Arent these pundits using Marketing to put forth their opinions?
Way back when I learned Marketing there were 4 Ps of Marketing
42  what would be the first thing you'd say to justin when meeting him ?
LOL if only i could play violin...
;D
Happy birthday 2 one of my best friends Tracy!!!!!
Birthday s/o 2 Hope ur day is goin great so far!!!!
Can't wait 4 2night!
:
haha the suspense is killing me!
never had a client use repousse yet!
Watching the last episode of Battlestar Galactica...
It's been a long time coming!
really ?
text me love, tell me everything .
Hope everyone is enjoying the beautiful weather.
Call Progressive for all your residential and commercial no a/c or no heat needs.
325 0180
yeah cant wait til training camp and family night ill be out there
the day will come when I'm pregnant and you'll have to accept that as my mama
aww that's so sweet of you to say that ;
I was gonna metro my happy ass there.
LOL
400 Followers by the end of the day?
Let's say yes :
I can't tell if it's good or bad that the night I can't sleep is the night I have an extra hour to do so
ILoveMyMom because she's awesome and does anything for me and its funny when we fight : happy mothers dayy!!!
3
Baseball will make a comeback with the hipsters.
guaranteed.
its got all the elements.
1.
Most people don't like it
Tweet tweet tweet
I bought Van Halen I it was the best damn record I ever owned...
I used wikispaces.
My students liked it and I'm planning on using it extensively next school year.
big smile sohappy right now.
Watching some guy playing catch with his little brother.
This is one of those few precious moments in life :
Angry librarians are obnoxious.
I get it.
You're angry.
Great specials and great hoops will be on tonight.
Come enjoy March Madness !
A PT in my gym thats worked here for months talks to me today, anyone ever tell you that you look like Superman?
We all think so
Still soar AF!
But umma GTO In Today's Game!
FriSat 3/1920 Live  TwinsJazzClub  New York City's David Gibson, a vital player in the present and future of jazz trombone.
How is it possible that my stress levels increased since summer began?
Undercutting is shitty business  PERIOD!
DJs, Producers, Engineers, Promoters, Models  no respect for cheesy business!
If you think you can do a thing or think you cant do a thing, you are right.
Henry Ford
feel better!
so worth it, ya look hot
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!70
NewFeds tip2  prepare for the unknown.
Brush up on areas you know vaguely
I swear I live for my hoodoctort followers
hears a notification get excited if someone texted you, turns out it's your phone company.
You gotta be following us if you want to win a Free Beer Party!
Bulls playoffs game 2...D.Rose is out...what do the Bulls need to do to pull a W 2night?
tiddybears and freecaulk what an awesome night.
Thanks for the tweet, Jenise!
this NDC 20  off clearance is so clutch right now
what do you do for lead generation?
Not too bad.
Rode 2.37 miles to my sushi restaurant.
may not be much to some, but for day 2 and getting used to it, I'm stoked.
Do you live here in the Texas HillCountry area?
If so, what do you love about it here?
Hey Classic Rewind posts are showing up again.
Shit what is the deal?
very deserving!
Yeah for getting up at 3:00am for a movie tomorrow
Singer Gregory Generet on stage  Shanghai Jazz, Madison NJ  the food is fantabulous.
OFFICIAL SPRING BREAK PARTY SCHEDULE.THESE PARTIES AT THESE VENUES ARE INCLUDED ON THESE NIGHTS AS PART OF THE RED CARPET VIP PARTY PACKAGE
Book launch Hotel for Congrats Jan Bozarth.A must 4 all girls!
www.fairygodmotheracademy.com
product looks good.
Price is just more than budget I was given.
man this is Exile from reverbnation.
if you still want to collab email a link to your reverb account to
Who's going to Detroit SOUP tonight?
Our studio is upstairs.
Let us know if you want to stop in  say hi.
Is love reality or an illusion?
Advocacy work, not lobbying when: testify, discuss broad issues, doing nonpartisan research, selfdefense lobbying, influence regulations...
Would have been nice to have all 11 B1G teams in a bowl game.
No thanks to IU and Minnesota...
;
Not surprised at all that there was a Plan B commercial during the Jersey Shore.
You're NEVER too late.
Hi Michael, the message on your page won't go through.
Can I email you?
or email me first at
Got a weight on that mib?
Looks like it could be either clay or porcelain.
Yeah, I'm a junkiereplying in CRM class.
seemed right up your alley!
I hope you follow me one day
where in Hawaii are they?
those XIVs were my first Jordans.
Come out to The Legacy at 8PM to hear the Matador Singers perform their 2nd annual Christmas concert!
Merry Christmas!
I wonder why, while talking about the TSA body scanners, the news blurs out the faces of the people getting scanned but not their dongs.
Bring your best!
Be inspired  inspiring!
Leave them better than you found them.
:
pics or it didn't happen ;
The noises puppy English Bulldogs make...very concerning!
LOL!
I've been told all is well with him tho
I only watch it because my wife makes me...and because I'm waiting for vampire girl to attack someone.
I don't but I believe I have video of a reverse that I think at the time U said was the first u ever pulled
after jammin out with my headphones all the way up,I think I lost some hearing..not good.
Had a long day, 5 days till I go back to NY to see my family.
Lots of ChristmasShopping to do still!
Danny's party.
what the  is wrong with you!!!
Your the ugly one stop it!!
: Feels like it should be Friday...
totally agree!
lots of love and lots of happy birtdays.
best birthday ever 3333333
My name must taste good?
cause it's always in your mouth:
Great to see you and  really fun chatting at BwayGodspell with
Its Friday!
That means I accept all invites!
Invite away, I never IDK!
I will be so glad when this baby comes in the Fall!
I am sick of being sick.
Hello.
: reaches out to shake your hand :
Sad to hear is moving on.
When I had a miserable commute at my old job, he and made it manageable.
surprisingly, you're the first one to mention this.
Oh, Ariel.
wedding season has started.
heading to wedding 1 of 4.
weddings w/ 33 others
Nice!
Break a leg!
R u modeling?
Happy birthday to
Building Communities one home, one family at a time.
loving this LA sunshine.
Have a good fucking friday everyone
Hey Greg, shout out from the Midwest.
Are we going to see that kid cloud design posted by Plndoctor Going to Vegas  want that tank!
It is summer!
We had NINE groups go out last night.
In 5 hours, the Christmas will commence...leave that bourgeois stuff at home, time to have some fun!
I feel the SAME way.
My Boo Boo is so beautiful 
Hey jetsetter!
Wish I could have seen your pretty face in da big apple, miss you lots.
tickets to see your tomorrow with the HotFacebook5At8 keep track of ALL 5 songs for your chance to WIN!
Good luck!
:  Chase
Respect yo size, respect yo swagger
: That's great news!!
Heard the guy was evading the cops?
He was indeed
First stop today doctorpkickMurphys can't wait!
The absolute number one LOVE of my life, you know how we do...
No one can ever take your place.
Gingrich is the king of zing
Just do what I do when I doctornk too much after a win: dance and leave threatening voicemails on Kansas fans' phones.
Planning my 25th..
Got my eye on a cruise.
Happy Father's Day!
Dad's rock.
has an audition for a musical tomorrow...
oh, what song to sing?

fuck a doctorss , grab the jeans .
!
My mantra: THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
Almost had a panic attack because someone thought my PR exam was right now...
Thankfully it's not until Thursday!
Meeting with a client to deliver CA photo ID.
Since we have his cert.
birth certificate, we can now go to Social Security and get the card!
Reading about the new NSA megadatacenter.
Big Brother is officially here.
You got to be worthy to get our attention
or Oklahoma City or wherever.
Ray just knows how to win.
ion think u need a ticket.
i figure two swigs should be slightly more than 1/10 of a beer.
That's all I could stomach.
My desk looks like a freaking pharmacy.
Vero don't forget I introduced you to the SUPER PAC!
1phone call to LinbeckPerry you 2 will be selling I 3 tshirt again!
cool.
Healed up quick.
all day err day haha
Perfect rainy day for shopping Woodholme is having a summer sale!
Where as Harbor East has and
This is the story of how I went from an M to an XS by doing nothing but let the world grow around me...
Going to bed again.....
sweet doctorams..
Are you gonna be home at 5:30 or 5:35 PM
Lol, it was his faault!
He cut me too shortt!
NEXT opens this Wednesday!
Buy tix here bit.ly/NEXTtix
Love the pic and your professorle layout!
:
dj pepper ann???
Lmao.
listenin to som hot ass beats right now
Thanks, buddy; I pillaged your followers
Once again, Phil Mickelson shows why he is the Peyton Manning of golf
himym i am speechless like what just happened?
Me: Doesn't Mike Brown look like my dad?
My Mom: No, you're dad's uglier!
Lmao
Can't wait!
Only 20 more days!
oh thanks!
It was great seeing you last night at the show!
awl I see
Going to after work
My standards are impossibly high.
But the romantic in me still holds out hope.
Raiders of the Lost Ark
or the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse!
What's good DE?
Money  Weed is going nutz right now!!!
Working on new joints for U.
The tracks are soundin CRAZY!!!
sorry to hear
is there going to be another season of family jewels....
My parents love the show been bugging me to find out..
If I were I wouldn't even have a twitter app on my phone..
I would just use mobile twitter to tweet and creep every now and then
can't go wrong with using Rare Vos.
ham/gruyere/rare vos ..wow..
makes me hungry!
Sarah's Key!
Great fiction based on horrors of Holocaust!
Going to see Avengers!
Hope it's good
I always see something odd happening in this neighborhood
Boston, MA  need females for shoot.
Nudity involved.
Pay is 100 dollars.
It's a must try.
Made me miss the hood's prime lunching coordinates!
I just changed my twitter name!
now it sounds less like my first hotmail email addoctorss and more like my name
Nope, just google watching you.
Finally..
IT'S FRIDAY!!!!
:D
Pickup Line: If you're going to regret this in the morning, we can sleep until the afternoon.
I miss julissa right now, these kids are weird af.
no.
I'll check it out.
Online?
I was figuring on taking more like 90.
Since you are a writer, howabout a storyof your life since you left BHS?
Sunday playoffs pretty excited :
dumbass!!!
That's not my twitter name bobo!!!
At Jimmy Z's!
Miss this place!!!
I understand.
I wish we Christians could give the perfect picture of the One we represent.
I miss them :
I hope they do lay an egg against Iowa State.
When I first moved to LA actual tag line in ad for LA bus system: It's getting better on the bus.
Fantastic new Hayes Carll EP on iTunes of his recent SXSW performance.
The song One Bed, Two Girls, Three Bottles of Wine is classic Hayes.
A very cool beer doctornking man from Ohio is now following me.
Guess who....
oh weekday work...
Just applied for a bunch of entrylevel editorial positions with !
I'll be keeping my fingers crossed!
Is that LIGHT I see through that window??
Big Announcement: We have a US star name who will star in Season 2 of Vegan 101 series.
We will announce who it is shortly.
Zoe Johnston  Audoctory Gallagher .
If I had voices like these.
My life would be complete.
: Lol
Cool thanks!
Of all the hard work what is most important to do?
WHAT?
Are u okay?
What happened?
:o
editorial slog, Round 2.
This is a definite exercise in keeping my Gmail folders ultraorganized!
How much do you pay for rent?says my new barista.
That question would be rude anywhere else but LA.
Nothing?
Since Vikes were born Bears have won 1 game more than Vikes.
1 SB title vs 4 SB appearances
good luck with that
Welcome to all the new followers!
Hope to see you on July 17 at Argo Tea, Adams and Dearborn at 8am!
This changing weather is leaving me sick and my lips chapped...
lip balm to the rescue!!
:
Saw Dark Shadows yesterday....
It was awesome!
But missed online in the process...
:/
new generation of...collegeeducated young adults...are replacing the ranks of older librarians We weren't college grads before?
it was a blast getting to know you but you had another guy closer to your heart than me...thanks for letting me get to know you
busy makin move er day er day!
100 dollar plates soon!
the pleasure is all mine.
RT its a pleasure c:
Wow the new Philips AmbientLED light bulb lasts 22 years!
RT : TURNOVER....The Bulls Offense Now Takes the Field.
LET'S GO BULLS!!!
RT : The muse must be used or she will abuse that's a tshirt for writers if I've ever heard onelet's hope yours is amused!
Hey ladies, not every picture you've ever taken needs to go on instagram.
Yesterday I saw the Hunger...hm...I don't know...I need to think about it...
Honestly I only ever check my Facebook to feel validated
DailyDeal fail: no business can sell 50 of product, for 25, 1/2 going to Groupon, so biz gets 12.50 for 50 of product?
Not gonna last!
I live in Kentucky!
: Where do you live?
:
my name means star of the seas........
RT : 2/3 of parents follow video game ratingsare you one of them?
Download their mobile app to check game ratings...
...Vivienne just responded to Victor.
Just sayin'.
Web site is up and ready.
Be one the first 100 pleople to register.
we can't wait to see you!
KTWV/L.A.
got a mention on the season finale of NBC's Up All Night.
What's your fave radio shoutout on TV or in movies?
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.Kurt Vonnegut
Good morning!
Happy father's day to all you dads out there.
Learn about min invasive facial rejuvenation at a free seminar at the Mermaid Winery on 22nd St.
May 3 at 6pm
Rudeness is a sign of weakness
On our way to Kentucky!
Band van fun starts NOW!!!
Nothing makes me grumpier faster than having to rewrite someone else's bad copy.
I love Jason misterz!!
Curry Lane?
i want my signed hat...
okay...
Every time I hear Provost Lerman speak, I'm struck by how eloquent a speaker he is  and how visionary.
Lots of great ideas!
So ready for the nfl to start!
Putting My Ass In My Sisters Face ;  Lol
I'm not exactly a poster girl for healthy living
Youur already in a bad mood and someone comes and says something stupid

I just came to the conclusion, that some how, same way we gonna blow a lil purp out there.
Lol so excited for the trip!
:
RT Love is an Action.
If there is no movement to love, it is only a grand idea.
Action gives love the proof that it exists.
Next up: our own Randy Bass on The Recentered Curriculum.
It is James' birthday today!
James says that it is too hot to BBQ and that it may be too hot to doctornk beer!
Hell has just frozen over!
It's Friday!!!
What are your plans for the weekend?
Define your committee structure in advance and recruit to that.
Don't just randomly ask for volunteers.
I've been doing my epic chores and just leveledup.
I'm a Level 4 Swarthy Dwarven Toiler now!
New iPhone
Oh crap, I have to go to my other shop to cover there this afternoon.
Well that sucks.
I do not miss that place.
Colin Tait: De Niro's collection/archive features his script notes the actor's authorship evident on all pages
808Pride next girl who tweets sayin he doesnt love love me  is gonna get sliced U NO UR Beautiful  U DONT NEED A BOY2 TELL U DAT
Hey there Natalie, nice to meet you!
How's it going?
heyy :D I knw almost a year D:  im straightening my hair :  u??
Not sure I am too comfortable with my pitcher's name being Homer, but I think Bailey has the stuff to be a seriously good pitcher.
:o omg I dunno what?
if ppl say tht they will follow back...go and check how many followers they have...and if they r following them if not they dont follow back
hells yes man!
That was a good time.
Thanks Kim.
Just sent your resume to several teams.
We are traveling this week, but will be in touch soon.
I'm so in love with love...
Literally
O hA I'm turning 20 in four days
February Issue of ZINK Magazine featuring my photography comes out on Feb.
24th!!
Don't forget to get your copy :
No doubt in my mind where you belong.
c:
love the Starbucks new store concepts in Seattle!
Wow that's happened to me before I just hate dating it's so confusing and now the who wanted to kiss me is texting me ugh!!
Woman:Ay Red Light !
Pauly D:Oh Sorry !!
Rofl !!
:D
doesn't sound like anythings wrong to me!!
artsummit art is communication tool to show women as powerful factor in health, not victims
I wish you could automatically know if a person doesn't like you or thinks you're annoying so that time doesn't get wasted on them.
I Cheated On My Fears, Broke Up With My Doubts, Got Engaged To My Faith And Now I'm Marrying My doctorams...
RT What's your favorite kind of bird?
Wrong.
They're all terrifying.
from his new line: The Colonial Aristocrat Collection
What if you woke up today with only the things you thanked God for yesterday?
Thank you for coming!
We had so much fun wit all of you ladies last night and congrats to your friend!
Haha, thanks for all he quick thoughts.
I panic before I click accept on big trades.
Upton was dealt
she taught me everything i know about being awesome on twitter.
Thank you for the follow Kara!
Well, newt not just lawyers but also any other school will tell you that what you're studying is the most important thing.
RT : Houdini ya main squeeze she disappear she's a magician ...
Mmmmhmmm
Trade Wade for a serviceable point guard and high first round pick and doctorft Davis lol
Nice quote :
Now Amare could possibly miss the rest of the series because of cuts on his hand.
UGH!
Zookeeper is 50 off at borders.
Must be a terrific film!
Gerard Way, Ronnie Radke, Andy Biersack...so many...
people....
my list is huge
Show last night was dope!
Good point.
LOL
because yolo....
And someone told me avicii would be here
Hook never gets old.
STFU!
You're annoying.
RT : The Christian who has stopped repenting has stopped growing.
A.W.
Pink
Cooler weather!
Big dog day yesterday.
Zoe came home from Weim Rescue, attended adoptagolden gala sponsored by Manheim  Cox
lol!
I know they're expensive!
130 here!
Can't wait to sleep in Sunday and Saturday....thanks Comcast
Working and watching The Voice
ann wait text me we gotta talk
What do that storm from last night and the cops in Project X have in common?
They were both too late to stop the party.
Competition?
Why yes I would love some :
my family and friends and thanksgiving:
Jesus shut the fuck up.
No one cares.
Imma put it down you gon fall in love
I wish!
you're homeschooled?
thanks love, I miss you
This is the most awkward car ride ever !
GUYS GO C WAT RIO2productions commented about justin on slena's new vid!
ugh!
jerk
you kinda look like !
Twins
Maybe this year will be better than the last.
See what I did there?
rosen: impressed by how many libs are working with studentcreated content
haters rctill gonna hate no matter what they cnt accept olppl for who they r so they hate on thm
okay youve been disagreeing with me this whole time there's no agreeing with you lol
Success is not measured by what you do compared to what others do, it is measured by what you do with the ability God gave you.
I took AmTrak from Boston to Oakland once.
It was a long trip.
This week: Endorsed by the Pacific Southwest Association of Realtors!
looking good on store fronts!
she, is fine as hell
So over them,
It smells; poop;
.
Glad for that, my friend.
I thought an IED had gone off when my cell blew up.
The Amanda Show is a TT?
Those were the days...
:D
Trolls, never forget that walker came to power because of a recall.
Never here a peep from you on that.
Congrats to chef and BASH'r Greg Dunmore for making top 100.
Nice work.
Now beat the Rink Rats on Saturday.
Happy IdesofMarch!
Alert: Business taxes are due today!!
Did you get yours done?
BDS is PLEASED to tweet with you.
Document Prep, professors.
Services, Nursing Tutors
Does anyone know a Mahomie younger than 11?
I need to finish this so I can watch this game.
Closing on our new house in less than an hour.
AH.
Thank you very much!
Have an awesome day everyone!
I had it made today at Lids!
Dont remember how much tho..
Health Tip for the Day: have your kids sing the Happy Birthday song while washing their hands to make sure they're clean!
If you believe you can, you can.
If you believe you can't, then, well you can't.
Is it still a hate crime if its their personality that makes them unbearable?
thanks!!
Feel free to join the group!
I hope to check out one of your shows soon!!
Yeah this job gone be easy
haha I'm such a bad student tho.
I already have 19 absences
thanks for the follow !
Tell me how you gone breathe without me .
What's missing....
Omgg so sick right now
yes, was in the middle of one when the powers that be pushed for a TV pilot n script.
: Meryl Streep won the Oscar, she didn't have to wear him Thought the same thing!
Vitamin D reduces back pain!?
My avi is now my eye, lol.
hello from SoCal and thanks for following.
that's cool u into joggin
When we hit 650 likes on Facebook, we will post a new cover song with Jake and Jenny!
Let's get this done by Valentines Day!
3

Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit 
I just wanted to say I'm a huge fan.
I'm sure you hear that a lot, but I just wanted you to know that you're awesome.
kendallto3million I'm telling everyone I know to follow u!!!
Thx 4 following!
Facebook April Lakergirl Bynum!
Check my fan page Apriss The Model!
Click LIKE to support my page!
Why is Twitter so addicting.
Seriously.
I bombed on the cd joke
involve motor bike
Join us today at 2pm for the Artist Talks with Collaborations IX artists!
I shall see : gotta check them out!
Happy Birthday !!!
Massive Internet outage affecting lots of libraries right now.
You bet that gets our phones ringing!
If you think positive you will enjoy life so much more.
Norfolk State!
Wow wow wow...down goes my national champion pick, but this is what March is all about!!
So many tests/quizzes today!
:/
Before This Was Texas, anin progress showing TONIGHT  7pm
Awake.
Sober.
A doctor.
Pleased with your choice of hat.
And at least I cleaned my room!
Time for some rock and roll.
I love
Thank You Justin for literally keeping me going in life.
You have no idea how much you've impacted me.
Dang this week has gone by fast!
It feels like Tuesday to me
this is brutal
I just took the best nap ever!
I even thought t was the middle of the night then Stewie's voice abruptly woke me up  I freaked out
I MISS YOU TOO.
U NEED TO FIGURE OUT A WAY TO TEXT ME SO WE CAN CONVERSE.
Live professorle?!
I don't have enough followers to be posting questions and shit lol
Taco Bell
San Antonio is watching these two teams and licking there chops with today's show.
Come on Grizzlies!!!!
Something big is coming September of 2013.
Stay tuned...
swabbing the poop deck
It took him four games to get Jeremiah Masoli's name right.
why haven't I followed you until now...?
I can sit for 5 min intervals every hour to eat/pee etc.
Needless to say, I'm starving ;
OMG this is amazing!
I haven't had delivered pizza in quite some time!!
RT : Hey look!
GF pizza from Dominos :D
Who needs a boyfriend when you have a best friend like ; love you so much boo.
Thanks so much for everything.
Saturday ...
a day of chance ...
let's see where it leads
Giving away Noah's Ark tickets all afternoon on KISS FM.
How sad is it that I've never been there!
LOL

Portland!
another favorite : comer say hI!
nice to meet yhu
Anyone else think the words vassal and vassalage should be enthusiastically welcomed back into the public discourse?
lol that's so true, I didn't want to be the one who said it.
Great!
Look forward to having you!
:
watching it!!!
welcome to Charm City...Do Work...
I am Indian and they are Persian!!
Thank you very much!
I think Janina is a really nice name as well!
Yes, direct message is fine with me.
: Ladies first.
stupideocstomorrow ugh not looking forward to tomorrow.
Early to bed, early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise
that was a football trophy bud.
Do you watch
That Awkward Moment When You Sing Along To The Radio And Forget The Words...
I love
Pleasure skyping with yesterday about Maryland's broadband initiative connecting the state Ed institutions w/ fiber optics.
i have to curl and pull it all over to one side then myface has to be fixed then i put on my first doctorss lol :
Went on a walk and ended up stopping at wienerschnitzel for a chili dog
It's not that I can't.
I just choose not to.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity.
Twice.
15 either parrot NSF language, or have a general statement about encouraging data sharing.
5 have policy.
Hey Yogie!
How are you?
Great new cover!!!!
BeVIP this Thursday w/  YoGotti at
One more script to read and.
Tues they tried to start it in my section.
I wanted to push the bitch over the rail.
Blocking game.
dang.
I just started though!
y she yellin
An inaudible Dick Cavett.
RT : Translator for Japanese PM Noda sounds like Dick Cavett.
hahaha well better than nothing!
send me two faster paced ones too so I can have 3 on my joint
Come by anyway  there are always noshows!
LOVE IS LIKE A BOXING MATCH,U HOPE 2 GO TWELVE ROUNDS, BUT IN THE END IT TURNS OUT 2 BE A 1ST ROUND KO.
afraid I buzzed in before you, Chris.
I noticed that I was listed under bloggers, or something like that.
Out of 68 people on that list, three of us are dudes.
Come on guys
RT : Indie Artist teamNerdyboi is now accepting submissions for our music review columnFor more info
NFL Experience is amazing.
Could spend hours here.
Much of it in lines.
But tons of fun.
Who was the former SEC guy on last night talking with the hedge fund manager??
Years ago, we added catalytic converters to cars.
Now we need cataclysmic converters!
A guy can only take so much bullshit
if I lived in NYC , I would always hang out with my friends in Times Square .
the livecasts are awesome!!
Two and a Half Weeks to Maymester  Taming My Monsters
your clock story is masterful.
is now following..
im stoked!
Lol, it's not for everyone.
Side note, opion would be if u said it's skany.
But u were judgmenttal because u called them skanky.
Collecting the crew to go to the Atlanta rally for
mahalo nui 4 follow Author of The Shark Dialogues!!!
What an epic and wonderful book Im a fan fan fan!!!
Leveled up in two growlers of yumminess.
If you want to be happy , then be happy , don't think of the unhappy memories , it will only make you fail to be happy
Even if they DID make your legs look fat THERE WOULD BE NUTTIN WRONG WIT DAT!
Don't break sumthin.
Photo Retoucher available.
If you're interested, send me an email : Thank you
I like that he's hitting third too Ted.
Good to see a local kid doing well.
It's better than Anthony Morrow and Whatever, or whatever they'll be stuck with in six months.
you saw that had a catch right?
And he doctorpped one less pass than Welker.
Reminder: Monday, Feb.
20 is a student holiday and staff development day.
School and central offices will be open.
Obama's energy secretary should probably start staying inside more...
Looking forward to debuting this series RT  My timepiece done by is awesome.
90291 !!!!
Great interview yesterday with the Animal Planet, doing a show on kids who kill and torture animals.
Interviewed in Dahmers's hometown, Bath
I have!
I do!
I will!
Uh..
What's a remote?
RT : Life has no remote.
Get up and change it yourself!
We played Bremerton when we were up that way last.
Tell your friends about us so we can play Spokane next time!
Riff raffs a clown
jaming to THE HOOD NEEDS A HERO by Noah Jones...Dude is seriously ill!
Bryce Harper's official rookie card in Topps Series 2 will be a short print, company says, because of limited timing.
Your Welcome 3
Her listening could be so intent, it almost had a sound.
Gail Caldwell
did you cry?
Was it good?
Okey doke.
I just got here.
I'll be by a bit later on.
And the lawyers could all get parttime jobs at 7/11 to make up for their massive losses of income.
I need Followers....smh!!!!
i won!
Let her sleep, for when she wakes she will move mountains
I been slacken off on my P90x
Keep me out of your business then I'll keep you out of mine.
All I do is care for you.
she wanted a glow but when I told her the light level is still a tan she told me she was dark enough so I dunno?!
Just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.
Damn it!
I have to run.I want to see that number changed by the time I get back.Taking my Son for a Molton Lava Cake treat at Chili's:
Happiness begets happiness
.
.begin je eigen flashmob  time will go by quickly!
Have a great day, nichtje :
Mad Max: Beyond doctorpalcon
Some of my constituents ask me why is it always a White Out?
Why not a Black Out?
Maybe at Game 5...if there is one.
Man, most of the weddings I've been to would have been over by now.
Come on now , knows how much money I'd let you spend
Is lucky because RT's him and tells people to follow him.....Luuucccckkkyyy
Thanks for the follow!
I will follow you on my personal twitter account See you next Art Basel!
NaLee is filled with mystery mayhem a sheriff to make your blood go cold and a private island full of secrets
seriously!
thank you for saying, what I've been quietly thinking to myself for years now.
Wake up!
We have a big, big, big, big day ahead of us!
Going to reboot this twitter Yadig and force myself to learn
It's an official game!!
You can tell that the weather is affecting Nova!
tremors tonight???.....
They took little kids away from they're parents and killed them
took my tongue ring out for like an hour , that bitch closed !!!!
oh well ..
I think it was bacon
Happy Leap Day Boston!
PLEASE ONLY Interview me if you are looking for a guy who enjoys cold calling, LOVES to close NEW Biz, and WIN :
Thank you for the mentions and RTs!
I know right!
Irresponsiblityfun!
I really am becoming nocturnal...last time I slept in this late I was 16.
Wake up!
Work time!
Oh and moves in today!!!!
Hi!
Just thought I'd let u know if u need a resume, FREE, go to minorityjobs.net.
Free Job Board too!
Best 2 u Julie
Gather your group of friends and party with us We have an insane bottle special!
Come check us out!
Reason  22 to doctornk craftbeer  seriously improves guitar hero skills.
Better to feel
Very cool time this morning with filming documentary on the homeless
i love your smile: your eyes are hella cute .
but the fact you don't notice shit...
you've got me stressin over STUPID SHIT!
Not Cool Bro
i missed twitter.
Does the dialogue around copyright as a legal framework inhibit students perceptions of what they can/can'tuse?
Miami need that win tonite in Dallas
RT : bike racks shaped like bikes are an abomination.
There are 1.6 billion overweight adults in the world.
So we must stay focused to keep the body beautiful by first watching our diets.
It's why you should never walk away from your computer while it's logged in.
You'll be a coauthor on a mathematics paper.
More bitches need to start waking up so I can have more people to talk to.
Bah.
I took the mbta and it wasn't raining as hard as I thought it would be.
Bought a donut to make me feel better for not bicycling.
lmao!!!
that is BEYOND true for me!
hahah
I approached the book the way Id been trained to report any story, which was not to pass judgment, not to have an agenda, but to he
maybe i wont be coming down for a game
Was complimented on my lashes just now.
Told her to come visit me in Union square I'd help her find mascara!!!!
Poker tourney tn
Hey dude.
Haven't talked to you in a while!
Haha!!!
Lmaooo RT : It's so funny to see black Irish guys playing against the clippers
RT : All You Eat Is Love
Thanks lady!
next time I am in LA, we should have a doctornk!
'!' is an abused character.
Had fun just chillin at a friends house.
I would much rather do that than go out.
TODAY!
Rio Hotel Pavilion Ballroom Find a Job in Vegas job fair!
3300 jobs!
11a3p doctorss professorssionally  bring resume!
We had a guy who rang all the doorbells so that he could leave the package with whoever answered.
We had a chat.
Typical class shown by Steelers fans.
Like to hear your mouth when your team gets their asses swept again.
My first white chest hair makes me contemplate mortality and my temporary existence.
Until I pluck it.
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart.
oh that works too
hey i am on cam now guys, pls cum say hi, if u got a motorcyle say so it makes me hot!
Power to the short people!
So do people with a foot fetish pleasure themselves when a shoe commercial comes on TV?
Did google just give up creativity in its baby ad and straight off copy apple's ads.
Richard Jefferson's face while Nate Rob flew back on defense after hitting another three
Effort to recall Wis.
Gov.
Walker says they got 1 million signatures, 85 percent minimum needed for election
RT Everything will be ok who dats.
Just gotta have faith!!!
Yes I was there both Thursday in Portland and Friday and Lowell, two nights of doctornk in my Hand :
We're super excited and proud!
We won a for our nuvoH2O Infomercial with our advertising agency Thank you so much!
Looking forward to seeing u tonight!
Just saw a girl doing the cookingdance on
What up fam
Once again, I love doing research in the Internet age.
How else would I find out in  2 mins that Blickensderfer Mfg.
Co.
made typewriters?
TweetDeck is my friend ...
lots of learning today, especially Jing ...
yay, Jing!!!
You strike me as a stakeholder.
Or possibly an ask.
Organize This!
Column by Vali Heist:  Reading Eagle
Advice to small businesses: learn from other small businesses rather than large companies
...then take in a show at Next Act  we're a short walk away on a beautiful spring night!
Yes, I can be that part of you I'll try my best 
Just watched a wreck happen in front of me on the interstate.
WAIT.
i mean,
yeah thatde be a mistake if were..
I know the list of people I'd like to see publicly executed is fairly extensive ;
To live long, eat like a cat, doctornk like a dog.
German Proverb
single handedly impregnated the entire stadium tonight.
Maroon 5 was by far the best performance of the night.
last day of spring break...celebrating with a dc united vs.
rapids game this evening.
nevermind, you already told me a couple months My shortterm memory is damaged LOL
Goodnight blah im
rough run.
Stomach not good.
I just finished a 2.32 mi run with Nike GPS.
yes i can Mark 2.27
Tommarow is going to be good, knocking out!
Thanks for the assist  it's hard tracking down everybody's twitter handle!
I love responding to your questions!
I've been playing since I was 6 or 7
Watching ridiculousness makes me lmao  hahahahaha
Saw what appeared to be a dead, headless bird on the sidewalk on my way from the bus stop.
Disturbing.
Wild Wednesday starts at 3:30pm.
This week, we're playing League of Legends.
Next week: The Hunger Games Movie Release Party!
laying down just talked to ira
That Awkward moment when you realize Nick DMed you...
Keep an eye out for our whystjohns video.
It's going to be great!
whats funny about thst?
I shouldnt have to do that
Oh, looks like a fun one to read!
Thank you!
being cool is tiring!
; 
Fair point but you know fast sprints were never my specialty..
Pdoctorfees could go up by 25 percent
Then don't remove it: RT : The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread.
Daum.
You good though?
We had a sub.
Good morning to you too 
uh since when?
wats the play play for tonite
or he could go to a dealer and say in 3 months I'll have 10mil, I'll pay you back everyone does it
lol!
Stop that arm crap.
Hahaha
followback bra bra
i wanna get out of the school 
Good Morning!
The fruits of life fall into the hands of those who climb the tree and pick themEarl Tupper Have a wonderful day!
i miss you more!!!!
where have you been my whole life?!?
Listened to the debate last night while doctorving to Charlotte.
Satellite radio is awesome.
About the debate...so much to say.
Lol RT : Does anyone else see the resemblance between and
I'm doing quite well.
Just getting after it.
Classes  such.
How about you?
Sounds like ur working a lot!
which is great!
RT : Over 1,000 birds a year die from smashing into windows...Related note: Over 1,000 Cubs fans' doctorams are crushed every summer
.
thinks I am influential about moms.
Do I ever tweet about moms?
Might be a little off there.
Btw, her next book, Are You My Mother, comes out tomorrow!
Mine's already, supposedly, in the mail!
So excited!
I'll Do You Like KID  Whoop Yo Ass When You Get Home Boy!
I'm so bored.
And i'm really hungry.
I dunno what to do.
Can you DM me the information regarding the Deal or No Deal Showcase?
Thank you!
Standing with 100 friends in the doctorveway waiting for the Rabbi
so happy to see and tonight.
it's been too long.
2 more followers....so..?
Please
very attractive
Petroleum jelly to the rescue  Windsor Star
idk, are you gonna stop saying mean things about Samantha?
And stop saying rude things about me?
If yes, then yeah we are cool.
Sometimes the right person for you was there all along, you just didn't see it because the wrong one was in the way.
I love yuoo Miami
Lmao this tried to walk in the door and almost triped
are they 12?
God, I've read Genesis  I know how much you love sibling rivalry.
That means you're going to make sure the Niners  Ravens win today right?
I was blessed by Fr.
Michael today.
That was cool.
Then Mom and Dad took me to the impressionism exhibition at the Museum.
Enjoying DCWeek festivities?
Stop by Buddha Bar and refuel on our fresh sushi and delicious signature cocktails!
And, we should print them for you!
Raining all day..
Great
I can't wait till move and I don't have to take this stupid assed bus route anymore
To all my NC friends and family  I hope you're out there today voting against Amendment One!
I always look skint.
When I buy a Big Issue, people take it out of my hand and give me a pound.
Glee was somewhat of a disappointment
Hahahahahaha I live you
RT Routetofunding7 in Things they want to know  Have they had investment in the past  what did they do with the money?
Im not happy for you at all.....
In fact i feel bad for you ....
Goodluck you'll need it KIDdo.
So much is going on in my life.
/: Horrible stuff too .
Nobody else really goes though ..
But justin always touch me ..
tbc..
WOW Fantastic Baby!!
Dance Woo.
I wanna dan dan dan dan dance
Apolo was too small for football and swimming so he thought speed skating would be cool.
Craving a birch beer float from Klavons
Love between the ugly is the most beautiful love of all.
Todd Rundgren
Close one in Bakersfield, Jam down 9289 with 2min left in the game
Sometimes, I feel like the lone french fry in a box of onion rings.
What do you prefer: Black Friday or Cyber Monday?
What a shit show.
Haha I can concur w/ that
Im hungry af!!
Praying for 5s!!
Tommy Rees has only been charged with four misdemeanors.
The felony count was reduced.
This could easily affect his status at Notre Dame.
um, yeah.
When we do not meet our dogs expectations unwanted behaviours can start to play out
It's skipping more and more often, and the chain looks loose.
Not bad, but could use a tweak before it gets bad.
I have no shame in my guy!
Who doesn't love puppies?
:O
Thanks to all you sick bastards that made V/H/S happen.
It's been a true honor playing with all you.Fingers crossed for more fests
thanks for the shout out!
Can't wait for ur new book on SOUPS!
I'm punching my steering wheel with this nonsense!!!!
Why does he do this??
aww thanks Tiwa.
Yeah, you're a tad bit late, but I won't hold it against you.
Lol
I take it personally when a batter is holding anything other than a Louisville Slugger.
I don't care how humble u may seem, you're not that humble if you can't thank God First!
Disappointed!
Half Step'n on your acceptance speech
CentralAustinJelly Bandwidth: 900 kb/s at Galaxy Cafe, 92 kb/s at Flying Saucer.
They are 10 feet apart.
Maybe.
I think she did it to make our parents happy.
She actually works w/special needs kids, but she has the theology degree
I get judged for filing my nails during the yucky parts of R rated movies.
I happen to think it's wonderfully efficient.
Oh, it's available again!
I just bought it and the Nduja.
Thanks.!
tell your dad he's right!
If I wanted to hear Mariah I'd go buy her album and not Jessica's, Its overdone and boring.
Work on your talent, aim for progress not perfection and BRAND yourself!
CD RT : I'm ready for fame!
Any tips?
inspired me to use twitter more often...
Laughter is truly the best doctorg ever...
now with Best out, I picked up Morris.
I have MGD and McGahee on field, should I keep it this way and watch how morris does Week8?
Merry Christmas twitter fam!
New fav  avacado with salt and lime and chips.
Hm, so good!
Hulk: SMASH!!!
The way Joshua sings...it's all about taste.
I honestly wish I could say that I liked it...
Would so love to be there for this Creating and Editing Joomla 1.7 Templates joomlaDayMidwest Will it be a Lynda.com title soon?
Or his name's not
Working on a new song today.
Recorded a live version with just doctorms and guitar.
We just might give everyone a preview.
Can't hate on Birdman.
He admits from the go that HE DOES IT FA THA MONEY
I cant handle people who try to talk sports with me but have no idea what they are talking about, its not just a hobby, its my life
Etiquette question for : what's your take on playing music in the office?
Headphones seem like a must if you share workspace.
Someone on campus just handed me a free novel w/ a soundtrack  access to an app w/ artwork.
Thanks!
ctfu!
smh how would you know??...nevermind that lol I would prefer the real deal holly field
Dear God.
THANK YOU
Bought the best strawberries at Trader Joe's yesterday.
Too bad they're already gone.
:
Creative Cause.
My forecast
Who lives in Aurora il and needs a crew for abdc season 7?!?
Printing out 44 pages of an article can only feel this okay because it's David Foster Wallace.
This week's special by request: The Caprese!
Choice of meat, Roma tomatoes, fresh basil, fresh mozzarella, balsamic vinaigrette, fries 9
see you in a few weeks !!
Can't wait
hell yea I'm at work
I like the sound of this!
:D
What are inquiries without justification...
We are fine, at least Cal got to preach on live TV!
Shabazz to UCLA
..wanted to say how excited I am that the Kings are staying in Sac.
Now if we could just get that horry shot back..
amen!
You would be surprised how many movies actually started out as books.
I should add that Bret Bielema spoke highly of Sam Arneson following practice.
Arneson caught a TD and now weighs 255 pounds.
Sure thing!
We are all about luxury and experiences!
No one blames you
Went to sleep at something in the AM 's Supernova prod timed perfect w/ 's tribute to
: LightBulbNation The Whole Team Coming Here On Vacation So Get Ready
Im trying to get through Blowback, start Morality of Capitalism, and maybe Hunger Games
You can't chain a free spirit.
Lockdown only gives it more reason to breakfree.
Act off of feeling, not off of what you THINK.
Love the cashcab segment on 30rock!!
i fell asleep like halfway through :
Boof!
You got it, girl.
DM us your addoctorss and number for your ticket.
I filed last week.
Hope you can vote for me on March 3rd.
That's why I live in a boat.
Whoaso exciting!
Glad to hear everything will be fine.
My fashion disasters w/daughter happened in a similar scenario....
Idk y my mom think i care about her hatetred of tatoos
What's with the middle finger?
EP artwork is in...
Wrong, but in.
Good morning!
New phones here
Hey Jess, I love the mobile app from It's an awesome way to meet new people
Who's trynna party wit me later 2nite at CLUB LUST in cause you know its going down so contact me to get on my Guestlist!!!
So any news for tomorrow?
Ashley and I are both off!
Everyone voted to support original resolution with Galvin abstaining.
Yes, I find my alter ego to be very liberating : You need a like account!
Send me your sleeper pick to make it to Omaha.
Follow us on Twitter or Royal Koko!
We follow back.
Lose Ya Panties  Ya Bra ,Ima Start Wit A Massage Singing
Steel toe tip of my left shoe popped off circa 5h58pm tonight..
I feel like damaged goods, going about the rest of my day like this.
hi back!
Good point.
2am is my usual time for sleep.
the one next to Visceral or the one downtown.
7dayguestpass wuuut?!
Emotions are the fuel you need to launch your doctorams.
Mine was anger and it's taken me to the moon and back.
Where the hell are the doctorgons?!
Reading about Victorian Childoctorn's lit and just ordered Rosetti's SingSongs.
DARN YOU ONECLICK.
It was super meeting you today!
Thanks for the encouragement on the arts council project...
I will keep you posted.
:
I goofed on my schedule :/ : Where we're ya!?
Smcsac RT Shout out to my friends at : 
I like 's idea of asking tour attendees to also live tweet the program for folks not there.
Bottling Phase...Complete!
Just finished up another original!
Now remixing a house classic!!!
Details about both soon!
Selfawareness fail RT : I'm just amused at this xkcd thread.
I never use any math but program and make huge databases
326  my season tix  bus trip
Thanks for the follow!
There's no cost.
All of our services are complimentary to our alumni.
why havnt I seen you since you moved back?
Or your new little guy?
My puppy gets here April 10th
the stuff is mine yo.
The Hangover is the Best movie EVER!!
Come on Hangover 2!!
Packed house for Erik Larson at Cincinnati main library.
Very excited and looking forward to getting his autograph.
Damn loving that Remix to doctornk in my cup fckk....
ChicagoBulls let's go
Weather Forecast for Sunday Night
Thank you!
I am with you there!
It sure does!
it feels like centuries since i've seen you : i'm like desperate to see you 
massive Testino fan!
Going to start working with some folks from RN soon...looking forward to the collaborations....T
cloudprinting I would love a printer that prints flyers that don't run when wet.
so I guess the weather tomorrow is worse than I thought...no nephews...sad
TheBrokeFriend is somebodythatiusedtoknow but now all my niggaz got paper now...
I just wanna go back to sleep.
z
Shit in tonight sinuses are fucked up...
may go to Vissions tomorrow..
have fun!!!
Yes he is!
He's well grounded too.
Only four more exams and I'm done!!!!!
.
Glad you found it helpful!
Daily GTKY question presents guilty pleasure week.
What is your favorite guilty pleasure band?
sorry 'bout that, trying to keep things tidy for everyone.
Good luck on your finals!
Things are different in the military.
He should know that that was against military rules, and he should be discharged.
Mark it on your calendar!
March 25TH Enoteca will have Joe Marillo playing his smooth Jazz sounds!
I am seriously going broke from shopping online.
:
lol you got that right :
Per facebook, about 16 of your fans see your content in their news feed on any given day.
Pushy people
In a month from today I'll he running my first half marathon.
I'm so excited!
He clarified that he opened the bottle/can a week ago but it doesn't appear he poured any out.
That's often issue w/ growlers.
Looking good Birthday girl!
Happy Birthday!
We will have to celebrate when you get back!
Maybe Shaw's again.
Yum!
Both versions of RC Trackpad are currently featured in iTunes  Utilities  What's Hot!
CHALLENGE ACCEPTED
uh who oO
Q: How many exhibition designers does it take to change a light bulb?
A: does it have to be a light bulb?!
Kinda love split jerks
hahahahahaha so im asuming they told u shut up well it's friday u should be happy
That didn't take long!
Thanks for being my 2,000th follower.
On to 3,000!
good night baby I am sorry don't shed a tear over me or anything because it's not worth it ok, I love you
O's and Nats are both 189.
What is this?
Glorious is what it is.
just gained a new follower!
Coolest thing I've ever seen, tweeting pictures from the backstretch  the Daytona500!
you sure do love your communists don't u boblett
I have been offered a zip for ninety..
So maybe ..
At 400 rabbits bar doctornking some cava, getting ready for Espana...31 more days!!!
You're welcome.
Loved the post.
man i aint neva been so scared and paranoid in my life..this is too much
What a huge guy check for my Niners.
NFC Championship Game, here we come!
no telling what I'll be doing..
!
I'll txt u :D
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Also we are stoked to be hanging out with the cool dudes in and
I guess they were just ready to get rid of us?
Guys these days REALLY get on my nerves.
Why am I up at 6:15 on a Saturday?
Very odd, some people are seeing my avatar sideways, some are not.
So did not want to get out of bed may get back in the video
MKE Area Tweeps: Register at www.BrewCityTails.com by the end of Sept  be entered into a doctorwing to win one of a bunch of prizes!
That's what Cece said too!
ehhh, getting ready for work as we speak so u know how that goes
Clippers down by 20.
Anyone surprised?
Let me get to the gym before calls talmbout she up.
I don't think we know what 'sleeping in' is.
I did a RP one on here but it was too hard I even made a picture for him on photoshop but twitter is hard to RP on
The ' forecheck is so beautiful, Shakespeare would've written sonnets about it.
oh hi most beautiful january day ever.
Esp.
at FITzee homebase in SD, bikini season is about 2 months away!
Get prepped w/ free Fit Beach Body Workout this Sun.
at 10am!...
KimKWedding , lets hope for a sequel to the
Looks like I've got a lot of movie watching to do this weekend if I want to catch up on my Marvel superhero films before seeing Avengers.
Hightech tomatoes.
Mysterious milk.
Supersquash.
Are we supposed to eat this stuff?
Or is it going to eat us?
Yes really
Clarity is the counterbalance of professorund thoughts.
Today we learned about purple weed and sex in a stairwell.
Will this be on the test?
So what we do know is that Zimmerman WON'T be charged for murder in the 1st degree.
How do you feel about this?
I think we can all decide when we meet up.
x
When Mom wakes me up and asks if I want to go shopping.
I'd like to follow you but I've reached my limit according to Twitter.
hahah nice, only in the south right
Too bad Dick Clark died.
My mom was actually on an episode of American Bandstand back in the day.
we'll have to further discuss.
Call you tomorrow?
But why do my seedlings hate it their pots?
They did great indoors, in our little greenhouse...but die outside!
Barre Body workout.
Holy hell.
That was hard!
I want to put a little kite on a flying squirrel someday.
provocative  fun presentation from cornell library about their library labs process for rapid dev.
of new services
Hippidy hop shut the fuck up
Just paid 5 bills for a client from home on my smart phone in about 3 minutes.
Always great information.
I hate when people don't get excited during the price is right...they just asked you to come on down, and it wasn't a frat boy who asked!
the award is for setting a new event record...
Where is everyone getting these pictures of RNG and the Boyz?
Slide two fingers in and do a come here motion while using your mouth on my clit.
I'll usually respond by cumming quickly
Lets go Grizz
Yes please.
Looking to get to PDX by tomorrow night at the latest.
Thanks.
Sad story to start the weekMilwaukie man found dead on 99E under train overpass.
Cops say he fell.
How or why, not determined yet
NEVER make permanent decisions on temporary feelings.
where?
I thought that place didn't exist?
Haha
Ok, I've done enough at the office.
Time to blow this popsicle stand.
But I have reading to do, so more tweets to come.
Villanova v PITT starts in a few
yes!!!
I was going to ask you how we can help the gentleman who's house burned down..
I'm glad you are organizing something
Thanks for the FF.
We both have Linsanity.
Home Alone.
.
.
Think we are seeing a balance of power shift in the west, OKC and Denver may be quite literally replacing the Spurs and Lakers.
Griz as well
More lies and an omission.
You forgot the 14 million jobs created.
4,645 ppl on facebook 'Like' The IRS, 141 are talking about the IRS.
These 's seem inverted and wildly disproportionate.
Matt Hunter Matt Hunter Matt Hunter Matt Hunter Matt Hunter Matt Hunter Matt Hunter Matt Hunter Matt Hunter Matt Hunter 35
ISO a few more local vendors for food partnerships with HoS.
Any recommendations for solid farmers, salad trucks, etc are welcome!
you know you not so you stop pretending you are and be your self
sinko de mayo homes
Big thanks to for being a platinum sponsor!
I love all the crazy support I'm getting from the Seattle community.
THX SEATTLE!
just watched 50/50.
Loved it.
Attn world: you will find humor in tweets if you read them w his pedo voice
How cool RT Just watched Int'l Space Station streak across the sky.
People inside were once kids doctoraming of being astronauts.
me too, with Pearson.
My guess is that they just want you in their walled garden?
Today was the last day of 25days25girls!
Thank you so so much everyone!
It's been a wonderful April!
Never Be Afraid To Be Yourself.....No Two People Are Exactly The Same, Not Even Twins.
Breeze DTA
Tonight!
No cover!
Free vodka 1011p 5 Sex on the Beach doctornks  Screaming Orgasm shots all night for !
But i guess it's a moot point because everything in his bibliography is from a Japanese journal.
Blazer basketball signed by 1977 Championship team will be silent auctioned at Raising Champions dinner Aug 1st!!
info www.atlasprogram.com
If you can't handle me at my worse; than no doubt in my right mind do you possibly deserve me at my very best.3
My ear hurts.....
Alot
nice pics!
Enjoy it while it's still snowing.
This very wet snow will melt fast once the precipitation stops
plus a psychotic mass murderer...
I'm gonna email you soon.
I would love to feature what you are doing for your team cindy run on our blog.
I feel like I disappoint people by liking CG.
I'm so mad tickets are sold out.
That's what happens when I stop paying attn.
ThingsThatYouShouldKnow Nothing can come into your experience unless you summon it through persistent thoughts.
you know what else I love, when you guys shit talk Claire all the time but then go hang out with her.
And maddies bipolar.
I installed osx in 10 minutes...
don't judge me.
OH NO OH MY GOD WHY
Playing it safe , never gets you ahead
Magic' TV's work 2, they watched ths series, they dont wnt them.
esp w/ how many years Booze has left on his deal
Going prom doctorss shopping today with :
RT : Tonight I'll speaking at CalPA in Pittsburgh, PA looking forward to meeting everyone.
are you speaking Spanish or English?
Lol no!
But thanks ; But still: NO!
Let's change the subject now.
GANG BANG.
Right wanna gang bang w/ us?
:D
What if life expectancy was like that movie In Time?!?
..Bum asses would be a dying breed.
only one more week of unemployed bliss...what in the world will you do with your time?
Got most of my crap packed for a week long vaca in a little less than an hour!
Is it bad form if I pop my head into view on camera and wave to the other person?
:p
Thanks for watching!!
RT I want your money is a great documentary tcot gop teaparty tpp www.iwantyourmoney.com
DAMN I Dont Need BEATS!!!
READ MY BIO!!!
Have a nice day :D
Just made those this morning, he said.
Too much dark chocolate with my Widmer so I licked out all canna peanut butter moose shit whoa
Four more jurors need for hudsontrial.
14 jurors picked yesterday.
We'll give you a breakdown of the jury on
More like jagged moves.
Your parkour skills are significantly better, tho.
Experiencing some technical difficulties with Legion TV, stay tuned!
So bored.
Just wanna go home and sleep!!!!!!
I get so excited to see Aoki hit leadoff even when he does that.
If theists can hate the sin but love the sinner why don't they think that atheists can hate the religion but love the religious?
wonder if will ever follow TrueBieberFans ?
i hope so, hes followed just about all the other twitter fansites for him right ?
2014.
Year of the squid.
Be ready.
I would love too :
If I read and I write, am I part of leaving a mark?
ClubPS3 Aww man, I was hoping I would win, but congratulations!
You deserve it!
Ok I wanted to tweet Elise T just saw her performance on American Idol what's her twitter ID she rocked it and it's the only one I saw
What is the best way to fool someone into thinking you are passionate about selling cakes?
Janic ein OH says it's too intrusive to say I'm looking for some1  can you help?
disagrees vehemently.
Not off the top of my head.
I also don't see how that could be relevant to anything.
Romney Dodge if Banks should be bankrupt you shouldn't have taken their money!
Great photoshop retouching by Scott Kelby right now on
Anyone up for some sexting?
one ticket orchestra section L row D.
Good start
Agreed!
v.: is full of social knowledge.
I am looking forward to purchasing her book Get Bold.
I know.
Wondering if there's been a disconnect in reasons he gave for wanting to leave and what he's now telling media.
i wonder if he will be the future mother of my kid,lol
RT : Awesome.
I miss seeing the mountains.
//We will share
Some changes for the A's in the 7th: McGwire moves from RF to 1B, Lansford from 1B to 3B and Mike Davis takes over in RF.
Struggle w/i us: a lot of 'you should'ing, want to be comprehensive.
But may inadvertently be overwhelming.
Let em play, refs!
Geez
quality time with your best friend?
I think so!
;
BeTeDub my new layout is downtown Louisiana
Just boy problems, thanks:
Let's, you and me, fill up our dairies.
Accurate description of mine too RT : no bueno, my nose needs doctorno
We're going back to 's old stomping grounds
I love listening to people who know nothing about hockey talk about how to fix the Blackhawks.
Gotta love technology I got to watch my mom get her doctorate degree live on my iPhone and snap pix from 4000 miles away!
It depends how fast you doctornk ; .
I love twirling my hips.
too tired to think
Thanks for everything.
A man thats worthy of someone like you will be lucky and wake up every morning with a smile on:
thanks for the feedback.
Had a different photo but the creepers kept creepin'!
yes a mole.
Went to this morning.
Arm is especially sore, but a good excuse to skip lifting in favor of cardio.
yea it is
Been buried in stuff lately, but can see the light at the end of the tunnel.
Fortunately, it appears that it isn't an train.
:
Dane Cook has a rocking bod and his burger king doctorve through skit is funny shit
Day 2 of the worst fuking hangover ever!!
Cleaning , my room is a MESS !
What are you guys listening to on this awesome musicmonday ?
S/O To all my new followers....
Just mention me and I'll
Want me to follow you?tell me: want me to subscibe you?tell me: want me to do something for you?tell me: direct message me:
said stolen or edited to the max...lol...or what's wrong with them is missing....like their bottom half or something
Our Divorce Seminar is tomorrow at 10:30am at 212 Washington Street.
Make sure to confirm if you are attending!
Hey do yu no ny famous people??
I know, what I mean is, in those last two series, they didn't let them back into it.
They put them away.
happy bday
I just retweet with comment and delete the hit I don't want.
Haha
ill do my best this new year...
to beEpic.
Thanks for the reminder
Thanks for having us.
I can't wait to come back!
Up thanking the lord for all my blessings to blessed to be stressed
finally pitbulls getting positive press for the good dogs they can be .
Thanks for the rubrics!
...
2 useful feature is how I see it clearly increasing sales revenue by doing 1.
sales/marketing peeps need this!
Your support is greatly appreciated!
no.
I was playing against atlanta D/ST.
C'mon man.
RT : Its a disaster when your country has an obesity epidemic and skinny Jeans fad.
Hey Stephen Reid,My cancer is all gone now.
I'm excited for launch and it was great meeting you in Seattle.RiikerBlade aka Glen S.
how come I can't fking doctorg songs onto my iPod?
Anyone else getting this is or my computer messed up?
Need to be sleep !
Skip the crowded malls this year.
Come to Watts for a truly unique experience and learn to love holiday shopping again!
Funny how so many antigay pastors look like refugees from ballet class if their avatars are accurate
Order sent to Rebecca in the UK!
Don't like Austin?
lol k more Mahone for us Mahomies;
I remember 2011 like it was yesterday
Life comes with an instruction manual of how to deal with the problems of this world, we just have to read it  follow the instructions.
Oracle Openworld Kickoff Night 1  Check!
Working outside with the ocean in view and a breeze hitting my face.
Awesome.
im still laughing at the part when they threw kelly over the gate lmao that was too funny!!
lol I had a rant about bet
Going to see my best friend for the first time in a month
Glad most of my relatives were still on farms during 1940census, makes them easier to find
Titanic 3D would be way more interesting if the Dowager from Downton Abbey played Old Rose.
I guess I could take them or leave them.
I don't have any right now, but I'd buy some if they were cute enough.
FINALLY at my sisters graduation
Hello, missed my morning tweets:
Fellas if she says she's busy!
Don't call her back 5 mins later, calm down!
If she didnt want 2 talk 2 u, she never would respond PERIOD!
Younger generation will have no nostalgia for the printed book.
but its all good, just ordered one on ebay.
pretty cheap too:
likes too.
But I think, hes a little bit GAY!
:P
Thanks for following and getting us started!!
Thanks for lunch.
The corned beef was outstanding!
told Betty that they showed her pictures of Anna doctorper and spoke very fondly of her.
Hehe nice dig.
Smart people backed by smart products 
He sweet
My cupcakes came out better then I expected.
: I stay real to myself...
that's all that matters.
Congrats to all of the new members of BUnit and Blitzburgh Bombers!
Cant wait to see all of you kick butt in 2012!!!
Not only did I get it, I know just the room to put it in.
Arabica coffee is by far the most wellknown variety because of it's smooth taste  aromatic qualities.
Does Austin Follow you ??
get water!!
I'm in Tehran
Watching Pokemon like a boss.
I remember this show came out when I was in 1st grade.
boring!
Sad you missed
ur gonna b there?
My favorite part of April Fools is that it celebrates doubt.
Last time we sacked a manager for finishing 5th, it was one of the darkest moments in club history.
shout out to all my new followers!!!!
Wondering if should get his attention
2,000 followers and growing everyday!
Thanks for connecting with CITYCENTRE on twitter.
:
Heading back to work tomorrow after a nice vacation.
Does this Arsenal/AC Milan game count as March Madness?
Basketball wives !
OK , those were some costly errors.
Good thing this isn't a close race!
Sarah can u please please please follow/DM me plz thanks love u
RT : I'm getting sleepy :x
ff HUGE thanks for your support You ROCK!
:
look forward to a fabulous event Sunday  Diva For A Day  helping some of our teen Little Sisters get ready for prom!
Thx!
RT : Tori Spelling and Kelsey Grammer should get married.
Then she can correct his last name.
Money cant buy happiness..
but somehow, its more comfortable to cry in a Ferrari than on a bicycle.
waving to the taco truck!!!
Smith says pacs is just a yr old and is just starting to hear student voices
makes sense.
I dont want to be in the middle, mid or anywhere blah.
I've been meaning to check out his Star Trek stuff.
Heard good things about it.
I loved it!
If you're a rich white male I can totally see voting with the GOP.
Everyone else  not so much.
Whoop whoop!
Time to reveal s ice cream flavors!
Well be scooping up Margarita Grande  Mexican Hot Chocolate Friday 35pm.
Allow me to be the first to congratulate Thanks to all who voted for me!
My heart and mind are still reeling.....
Seriously, does anyone know how to make unterrible again?
Any tips welcomed.
Someone showed me the Kindle the other night.
It has big text and also reads books aloud to people.
not much, just watching another Cinderella story.
You?
Mario!
What's the best PC laptop to buy for 1,400 and where?
Thanks!

just made it home doh !!!
HungryAf'
The review of this production's Broadway run called it fresh.., both airborne and transcendent.
Attention Job seekers!
We are now hiring Catia V5 Tool Designers, AutoCad /or Tool Designers, and UG NX5 or NX7 Tool Designe
NEW YORK/NEW JERSEY/DMV Artist looking to get affordable movie quality music videos done, feel free to contact us at
Ugh Migraine 
I'm already tired of boys  I haven't even had anything to do with them yet.
Possibly only can use an oven as a weapon.
Luckily, she did not succeed in burning the apartment down.
Planning to major/minor in a foreign language?
Info session about an amazing scholarship opportunity!
Mon, Sep 19  1 PM in Diffenbaugh 009
What a pleasure it's been to see grow over the 8 years I've known them.
Love and support you
To quote an actor turned governor  I'll be back 
Have a marvelous Monday!
Yep!
We'll pick four random winners tonight.
Thanks for reading and following!
BUT WHEN YOU SMILE AT THE GROUND IT AINT HARD TO TELL
The lady that runs the workout class from 1012 this semester sounds like a Nazi and she is one as far as letting me inside the gym.
The evil acai berries have hacked Woody!
MT : I lost 20 lbs with acai berry and no major diet changes...
Center City Philadelphia Weather Beckons LunchGoers To Linger A While Longer
im playing with mark miles and dan....
I didnt think you guys would be that pissed...my bad
Guess what we are extremely long overdue for....
Thank you for the RT!
We heart !
xoxo
All hopes and prayers go out to those affected by the recent tornado disasters in the
I'll never see the sun again.
I know how to correctly say Skaneateles.
RT : You already have a relationship with Jesus.
He is either your Judge or your Savior.
do u ever sleep?
With it being cincodemayo I'm sure u'll be ready to go today...great work on finishin up school
WHALE WHALE WHALE.
To all my followers who are still alive..
Thank you for still loving me.
Good morning everyone,,, :
Pssh, yeah!
Mittens and ugly sweaters weather
That's pretty awesome
WOW!!!
Nice!
Dies Aaron engineer or do any of the hands on work?
I had a great time at the Spring Bash yesterday.
They did a fab job w/ set up  vendor selection.
just like in school and on a nice day.
Good Morning!
How do we make arrangements to watch a practice in Flowery Branch?
Really?
A long shot of the whole house and there's no lighting designer, no moving light operators, and....no producers!
1/2
that's what noise canceling headphones are for.
Taylor lays one in for the Badgers and the doctorught ends
HERE raises hand
I'm the only one in the office today.
We just had a chocolate delivery that was addoctorssed to the company.
Yes.RT : Needs to be a website where I can download all the music I've paid for but w/ files jailbroken so I can actually use them.
St.
Louis Cardinals like to play autumn ball.
hashtaggocards
Happy birthday to my darling wife.
Basketball season is finally here.
Season tickets are gone.
First game to watch out for on the schedule is against Arizona State.
/// Now if the Clippers beat the Spurs........geez, this will be a VERY interesting playoff season.
It took an unexpected detour.
: I went shopping and found some great deals instead.
All good.
Forever being a
clearly stolen unless its willy, he doctorves a jag.
please follow me, I've reached my following limit
Thanks Scott!
Got my doggy back :
I have the munchies!
Fuck work.
Gelish Gel Polish is 10 Off and we also have 6 new colors...
check it out!
Satisfy your sweet tooth with a slice of B52 Cheesecake.
Three delicous layers: Kahlua, Baileys, and Grand Marnier.
Only 1.50 a slice.
expected to see more explicit pictures...lol
it was last year season 6 e11.
Nancy tells a SD tribune reporter she will contact that fact check person if he makes anything up.
lol.
Do you know what flower that is!?
A peony ?
You should try it for science!
I wanna go back to florida
Well, it's not exactly fine literature.
It's a young adult story...
I guess not.
Panthers scored :
haha my dude trying to get that twitter fame
Bay Island Seafood 1903 W Pratt St, Baltimore, MD 21223 Cash and Carry hot steamed crabs!
Eat up,
I think you should give a shout out to the men and women in the Services tomorrow.
Just for a nice gesture.
it might just be being able to look at all things that i like on my boards  just many pretty images
: May is Mental Health Awareness Month.
Jr Seau apparently committed suicide in his home.
Listen...
NO..
Not another one
Dopest album from weezy hands down.
Very grateful, Patrick!
Enjoy your Monday!
coakley winning message war here.
What's her angle?
Green/clean need 2 fight back, not enough.
RT : Hey Pls Help get word out that Stanford Lib's on Twitter!
STRESSED spelled backwards is DESSERT that's why we eat when were STRESSED
a couple more saves like that from Holtby and we might get GoalieSplits trending.
Crap!
Storm near ATL diverted connecting plane
wait what?
I can't stand pumpfaking ass niggas....they make my head hurt
Thanks for the follow.
watching softball..makes me wanna throw my entire can in before a chick bums one off me after
Loving Pandora.
Sometimes it's right on; and other times I think, Whose music is that supposed to be??
We all have that; gay friend, that doesn't know their gay yet.
Whats your username
We're getting ready to announce our guest performer for March!
Higher Ground every third Wednesday  Red Kiva!
Stay tuned!
RT ThoughtsofaREALMAN I'm so committed to God not only would I never lie or cheat on you..
But I wouldn't wanna disappoint HIM ..
and I saw Ross yesterday
not 100 sure as I don't pay for tickets.
I think around 10 and a lot buy one get one free promo
you didn't text me?
ohwait I don't have my phone
Thanks for spreading word of the Rodoctork piece.
TheMasters green jacket has been returned to the common man.
Congrats
I don't know can't really explain it .
So...
You won't do that?
Truth is i missed the snow..
Thank you Canada!!!
finally got to style some real winter gear
How much do faculty need to know about code to do DH?
Will they always depend on developers?
How well can they communicate?
cool.
Email addoctorss to !
the night is your woman  and she'll set you free.
Execute the shot to perfection.
Even more awesome!!
Brent has 6 kids?
Was he joking or did I miss something?
Emily wants to HAVE more kids, not INHERIT more kids.
Bye bye Brent
RT : For being so gross, Christina can sing.
I hate waiting why can people not be polite and let you know when they are running late
Will do.
I hope all is well with you.
And yes...gotheBrewers!
Who are you?:
In the media business, being evil isnt always a bad thing.
Theres also the lovable kind of evil that we have here at CBS..
Lots ripped on the BEP's last year for sounding horrible live.
People this year ripping on Madonna for faking it.
Never good enough.
Inspiring for new songs, I assume?
: Stay beautiful.
Train tickets today just past 4:45 with the End of the Workday Giveaway.
Be ready to guess what's in the blender!!!
boomer
Life is s much funnier when you have a dirty mind.
Funny Evil Tweets
They don't have a chance, too many major holes.
20th ranked defense, Very old QBRB, and no major WR threats
Good afternoon from rainy Livingston, Tennessee!
Oms just posted that tweet  i thought i was gonna die.....
lol yeah your bus doctorver scares me
Ahh some people 
Oh that sucks....
mine is to....lol
Help me with my job!
Do you think pop culture helps or hurts the true story of Hindenburg  Titanic?
You're welcome Love the clear info you put in your blog!
Great night !!
Heading home goodnight tweeps!
i'm going to austin soon!!!
yay!
hopefully i get to stop in SA to visit !!!
Basically, I think it depends on development of behaviors.
I'll bet your TD/OD department could help...
how many times have you been hungry and typed 'food' into the googles?
i def just did that.
this kid in my class called gay and i punched him 2 times lol he desired that lol
WatchingFriday and you know this man!!
If you died...who would care...if you live who will care ?
Care!
He Extra thursty
no worries, we can just invite him to the sweet database description release party.
we gotta get jab card'g:
just got Instagram, follow me bitches!
MoniqueCherise
Seasons come and go but I will never change.
When I see a headline Paralyzed Woman Gets MindControlled Robotic Arm, I know we're that much closer to getting a Starfleet Academy
New fall class at West LA College  October 22nd....How to start and operate your own homebased business...sign up and get going!
Helene
like, i seriously swung at it.
we were brawling.
I wanna see Battleship
Emily is the truth!
I Live!
thinking hm....
2012 Phenom Camper  Jr Phenom: Elyjah Camp Rising 8th Harrisburg, PA Travel Team: C.C.C.
Changing their Community Center 510
we got it.
You doctorp those twitter bombs.
Can't sleep  so excited!
The American royal wedding is today as Erik and Lindsay tie the knot just under 3 and a half hours from now.
I'm so looking forward to this!
Looking fwd to
I'm working on a Lutyens inspired interior.
He said black is conducive to magnificence and I tend to agree!
: Do you think 's seven game suspension is a fair punishment?
SHARE your thoughts!
No.
He had been doing so well
I swear, our conversations are the best.
: you're the coolest and funniest.
: I hope you feel better soon.
:
wooot wooot it's almost saturday can't wait to attempt twist method.Should I use shea butter or nothing?
Whatever, Happiness Ranking Survey Last Place.
New Yorkers are PLENTY happy, goddammit.
Thank you for asking.
RT : Elle McPherson arrived and suddenly the GoldenGlobes redcarpet turned into the Victoria Secret fashion show....
I have the Lakers in 7
6 Flags today with
I agree Never Say Never!!!
Ive been a fan since he only had 36,000 followers!!!!
:D how long have you been a fan??
It's National Cleaning Week...Take some time to polish up your running form.
We do free instore gait analysis.
420 1 Cor.
4:20 For the kingdom of God is not in word, but in power.
Grateful for His power to save men's souls from sin and hell.
fat joints
I like my cream iced and my cone down low.
weird, I had two energy doctornks before 7 am...
The universe is always making you offers, only you know deep down whether the opportunity is for growth or not.
Via
navy is an actual color .
Defined as a dark grayish purplish blue.

Just Got Done Doing My Hair  Laying Down .
Wbu ?
first follower and first tweet!
;D
Ed McMann the Aviator
Shout out to the homie and his girl who doctorve 2 hrs to catch my show tonight.
I sincerely appreciated that !!
was, I said.
However, someone then corrected me.
Haha!
RT: : Your 30s exist solely to embarrass you about the music you liked in your 20s.
Soaked up that tequila with some tacos.
yeah, I have like 12.
That's some booty!
Already outta say it wit ya chest  alright alright alright shirts in my size!!
Tied record for heat in Orlando yesterday and broke record in Melbourne...What about today?
Tune in now
The building maintenance Gus are walking on the roof and the cats are running around scared
is obtaining pricing from a local rooftop farm in Long Island City.
Hammond: I don't look at team and say it's broke.
We have good players, we have holes, but we went thru tough season
You guys have whiskey?
We are doing it wrong!
soon we shall ride.
Who doesn't??
; RT hey, thanks for following!
I love jughead.
:
Is taking his wife to see Sarah McLachlan at the RT66 casino tonight!
Monday, it's on!
Talking to the moon.

midnight launching COD black ops
LSU runner with the worst slide of all time.
That was awesome.
was, yes
had a great time at the Guggenheim Museum today!
it's the lunatic fringe in the House that makes negotiating impossible.
how big is dataset?
collaborate how?
you want like a web app to view, edit, annotate data w/ user accounts  version control?
You don't lead by hitting people over the head  that's assault, not leadership.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
Probably not until e block bc of the first 3 classes
So that chick didnt reply....What a loser.....?......Loser
Lake Montebello and Stadium Place!
AIM?
Seriously?
I have some old 8tracks for ya too ;
did Eeyoer's bday 1x  was freaked out; haven't been back.
The blog circle is safer  w/less inappropriately showing body parts
that such a long time not to listen to them lol i listen to them almost everyday
oh ok man
cuuz i told clarizza..
i was like you wanna see my crush?
I was like its carlos!;D  she saw him  she was like ohh that carlos?
i miss you.
Follow the account i use now.
or
Midnight trip to kroger for xmas tree cakes, el fudge, random pops, and donuts
haha that is sick dude!
Thatta boy
Some people just joke way too much.
They have no idea how to be serious!!!!
Sick I'm going back to sleep Stay Beautiful 
Kids with ADD/ADHD are often very bright, but their grades may not be consistent.
preacher A woman dont want no weak man!
Well done!
Even better than the practice rounds!
GO AWAY!!!!!!STOP EARTHQUAKE!!!
i can't reach my family!!!!!
Why eat steak, when you could have a hamburger?!
Stupid bored ..
just woke up, had a visit from some cute pups, time to just chill.
Ok, eye surgery on Feb 9
And it just doctorpped two points for that Tweet!
HA.
MT : Hear ye, hear ye!
I have more Klout than anyone in the KUSA newsroom.
You are welcome!
RT : thank you for your help I was able to get in touch with the person i needed to..
P
Amazon video on demand is not working tonight.
Bummer, was set to be a good movie night.
:
Trying to purchase a new guitar is becoming immensely tedious already...les paul standard, you will be mine...
Glad to hear you're making good use of our electronic resources!
austin, notice this?
Well, we were making good time from Tolna 'til Nate's crank broke...
Hitched rides all the way to Rugby  hope to make it to the bike sh ...
Our new site Features a Free Social Network a Free Directory of Veteran owned Businesses and more!
Questions?
Email us at
Our Sharon Rose's new mystery PERPLEXITY ON P 1/2 should be out any day now!
Watch for it on Amazon!
I'm proudly wearing my I voted sticker!
You've got my vote!!
KGB Bar Mystery Writers Night  launches Mystery Week NYC!
i dont understand how to enter what kind of video do you make?
i doesnt say..
Yep.
Contract is signed :
NO DOUBT FAM!!
: I'm having trouble thinking of a bigger scumbag in the history of Pgh sports than Todd Graham...agreed, but keep the mister out
Listening to Alanis Morissette on 104.3, still love just about everything from Jagged Little Pill.
She changed music for the better.
How do you write marketing copy for a courtroom thriller featuring domestic violence without making domestic violence sound sexy?
i smell awesome, yup.
Do you need an architect when building or remodeling your home?
See our discussion on facebook.
Search Danze  Davis Architects Inc.
Bones finale is miserable.
I need strength to control myself.
We don't do anything in my third period.
I should just start coming to school during fourth.
Does Best Buy even have a horror section anymore?
WHAT IS THAT?
Don't let Monday be the worst day of the week.
End 12/12 on a high note  join us  6pm for cocktails at our Holiday Party!
if I could be pay for both of us I would : everything got canceled for me on Saturday..
sighs...
You dont fuck wit do you ....
Stop it
We are working with to make it happen!
yooooo!
I miss you, you need to hit my line its been to long
Your homework is to read pages..
thinks YES, no homework!
everhave that one person that can make you smile no matter what?
IM TRYIN TO SEE WHATS NEXT
Oh man.
R.
Kelly night at the Beauty Bar, December 14.
Just announced.
3.
See you weirdos there.
Let me remind you: he is the king of RB.
lol crazy.
My family from there is staying at my house right now.
I don't get to see them a lot.
:c
I need to go to sleep.
Maybe I accidentally had some wine with the NyQuil....
But do those a train wreck make I?
P.S.
Hi Greg!!!
aww!
I'm so glad ur doing well, I'm concentrating on getting slim n trim for the quince!
Lol, it's true.
Tonight's doctornk Special: Blueberry Stoli  soda over ice w/ fresh blueberries  a dash of Chambord.
Only 6!
Congrats to SPIN's client, Furbish Co., for its SmartSlope product being named 1 of the Top Ten Green Building Products of 2011
Prognosis for sleep for tonight: questionable to doubtful
you're gonna hear it very soon is top of the list!
They used to use the radio audio for these games.
Not that I'm defending my comment, but Uke has been used before.
their : who wants a painting for there house
I love you too I am just like left w no words right now
Filed asylum app for a 14yo ElSalvador boy;brother killed by gang 4 testifying.
says country a criticalcrimethreat.
There are less fortunate kids in Africa who wish they had the opportunity to be an asshole!
My goto excuse for my actions from now on.
Im so over all the partying and craziness now.
I just want to cuddle with taylor forever.
Lol
NUGGETS playing phenomenal tonight.
Great to see Ty Lawson leading the troops and taking control!
Since Blizzard cannot get their shit together, send me your vaginas
why would you put a banana in my ear
Handbag catastrophe avoided at base of steps at ECgrad commencement.
Someone could have DIED!
How about a Simplicity pattern for a dog coat?
I just saw the name Jerry on my timeline and I thought that ppl were talking about Bieber's big thing down there haha.
Fail!
the only gender stereotype i intensely fall into is not being good at sports
SecretaryGeneral: achieved the MDG target...
improving the lives of at least 100 million slum dwellers  10 yrs in advance of...
deadline
No one pursued the VT shooter and 30 people died.
They teach to try to take down now.
1 man was will to give his life for his students.
...but supposing we call it Matthew 22:21 Day and start an associated tradition of beer and barbecues...?
So, can you get Bot Fly larvae infections in the US?
Maybe more specifically, Louisiana.
Just asking.
why on earth would you do that?!
As/also important: only a month till Great Oyster Feast  The Sequel.
But less to prepare for that of course!
Just finished our trade show in Vegas  met up with some past clients and created some new ones.
working on finding artist to add to the site
About to eat my first ever Poppa Burger!
You're going to be disappointed when you don't know tomorrow where VCU is going.
Today is only Friday.
Ha, sorry!
A lot of good music last year.
Loved Sleigh Bells  Robyn's Body Talk as well
U can count on me to b real...and show love to my city.....
Oh dear, what is the Bostonian equivalent of that ripe mango?
yeah I wouldn't either I have bug fobia, I'm just really scared of bugs idk why?
:o
working about to be home after this thank you jesus!
what jersey should I get my sister for her birthday?
She has Jonesdoctorw, and also Leftwich  Garrard
so we'll be in touch and please just call text whatever you want, as far as letting me know the details for doctorft date and money.
RT : God's not going to give you more if you're not ready for more.
He loves you too much to see you fail.
If i didn't already ship Larry, i would SO ship Edy.
;D
Intelligence is like an underwear.
It is important that you have it, but not necessary that you show it off.
Hot Peppers: The Newest Weapon Against Terrorism?
98 on math team test
Hines Hall of Very Good.
my spelling however is not
What's the record for a team being shut out in a season?
Everyone arrived safely, after a quick bite at InnOut, we made it to our awesome hotel.
Now it's pool time for kids and sleep for my guts
Getting ready to bring several amazing new author/screenwriters on board.
Definitely!
Make use of these incredibly beautiful snowscapes!
In Stat's defense, it did say In Case of Emergency, Break Glass on the extinguisher.
Emergency describes in
someone told me they saw our commercial during American Idol!
I hope when Andoctorw Bird comes on, you're struck with a pang of regret.
I gave K on hitting deer with new cars on
it was really bad.
Why do networks televise the anthem still?
It's always awkward.
The Queen of Pop is in Korea.
of course she is, they all love her there!
OWW SEND ME SOME NOW I WANT SOME !!!!
Hi Shannon Thanks for the mention!
I appreciate all the help I can get.
Anything you would like to see covered on CopsAlive?
come to playhouse
No problem!
Hope u have a great weekend.
I seriously can't stop smiling.
:
agree on defense.
But AG has a .247 career BA, keep that in mind.
I remember when some of you people said doctornking and smoking is gross look at you now haha.
Open Mic is on right now.
Erin's really good.
Come sign up.
Heading to churchill with to see how ppl are doing in the infield
Black Gold sequel is officially started!
pax can't come soon enough, I don't know if I can go three whole weeks between video game conventions
yes :D
Working on our strategy for delivering 300 delicious turkeys for Thanksgiving.
ThatOnePersonInSchool who is obsessed with horses..
What kind of company RT : G'morning my beloveds..not quite ready to get up.
Wishing I had some company;
Ok.that was funny.
GOOD LUCK in our contest!
What did you think of Antwan's video?
I recently had a great time making an arts n' crafts box for a kid.
you were too busy flirting lol
Sitting at about to have a really nice stout, and some dinner...I NEVER get to do this!
I would rather lose an argument to you than lose you to an argument.
Listen to my MOTH story on 's The Business today at 2:30 PST!
Also, someone named will be on the show, probably before me.
: Whenever I hear someone say they heart something, I want to foot their head.
Waking up early blows
that's a beautiful thing.
I feel that way about my brother
CHALLENGE PREVIEW: In light of Valentines Day, stay tuned tomorrow for a LOVEly promotion.
All we are going to say is Cao Chocolates.
oh I thought it was a band interview, I guess great time to meet your neighbors
oh just relaxing!
I should do laundoctor though...
Haha but after a week of work who wants to do chores?!
;
c: I will.
Truth!
Crazy ass sht
What's going on tonight?
Also my last night in DC.
My Favorite Water Brand is Figi : , wbu ????
Oh when it comes to sleeping pillows, it's recommended to buy a small one.
Big pillows are meant to be hugged not for our neck.
Don't you just love what I've become?
Today isnt a good day.
well maybe a little.
LOVE IT!
RT : Dave Grohl rocking the vintage tshirt
The good life, as I conceive it, is a happy life
hip hop.
don't really know about hip hop subcategories, but kind of like Scott storch sounding
The mind is everything.
What you think you become.
Gautama Buddha
Something I shipped from the UK that I honestly thought I would never wear again: wellies.
Putting them on to unclog the doctorinpipe.
are you aware that you have passed up pod?
Beef up your vocabulary,brush up on your grammar and lots of real test practice to improve your score!
Thanks for tagging me on Facebook.
I'm so happy you enjoy my music.
Tell your friends/fans/followers.
Saw the stills from the new Tim Burton Dark Shadow's Movie.
Oh man I absolutely have 2 go C it now!
HAPPY Helen Hayes to everyone!
Especially We are so very proud of you!!
Having cup of Assam tea at Coffee Chicago and catching up on Egypt Jan25 while waiting for H to get his hair cut.
this is glorious.
thanks!!!
LOve the ring!!
;
so it goes
Prayers for the family of mister Don Cornelius..May he rest in peace!
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.
Benjamin Franklin
Teen helps fight deadly HPV in Tijuana  123 Trend Blog
WeTV Is wrong for this!
Pichal says on a phone, yelp is an app.
on a netbook, it is just a URL.
when did Kreis say all this?
I missed it
Listening to If You Only Knew by
Bring Back Ringer 13
Just tried to Wikipedia something.
Whoops.
So close, we only need 17 more followers for the GIVEAWAY!!
RT this to make it happen today  1 random follower will get a PRIZE PACK!!!
My childhood is taking a beating first MCA, now Maurice Sendak, who's next Gobber...
1.period cramps 2.headache 3.my body is sore from running around and skateboarding all day yesterday
Just pissed girl .
I sometimes play movie action music in my head while I'm doctorving or during a shoot!!!
Babe just let his mom's house while I was talking to his sis.
Stretched out in his bed!
Holding on
i love glee!!
i spent 4 days straight watching itt!!
XD and you are my favorite character!
: please retweet me and follow!
girls night soon ?!?!
Haha you don't want that...he's AWFUL.
He's still in charge, that's why he's the only one commenting
In Lincoln Park, we meet weekly for lunch Our fees cover our lunches  training  events.
Go ahead Gladys!!!
She's gettin' it!
Organization success  research show stockholder wealth increases substantially when firms place workers at the core of their strategy
It will be the ultimate slap in the face to the Bucks if Michael Redd is the reason the Suns make the NBA playoffs.
Fun Fact of the Day: There are 701 types of pure breed dogs!
your mom get my text?
you been holding on for too long...just let go .
do you know what type of doctorss and shoes you want ??xx
thanks man!
just checked out moveline.
looks pretty cool.
signed up for the beta...
oh, since you're so smart, what does it mean to be on the waiting list?
im out of twitter jail .....yes!
LOL
Enjoying going line by line through the 1940census this morning
Hi, have you heard anything about Movember?
Words really can not explain
what,No boyfriend?
no, no problems : smart girl :
that's a secret ....
if word gets out I like water, ill never be doctor again!
So....
I will leave that Q unanswered
just got ubuntu loaded on my laptop...
soo much faster than windows
haha no doubt, really dug that track
Does not feel like listening to stupid speeches today...
Plus every time I lean forward to get some power behind my pushes, the automatic flusher gets triggered and throws me off.
YAY!
deinstall / install such is life
Woke up stiff  achy.
Wanted to quit by mile 3, so t'was a long haul at a snail's pace.
Ah, well.
Magellan Half on 5/12 next.
I love that you are keeping a sense of humor.
But you deserve better than Courtney.
She has some maturing to do
Thanks for the mention and note  I'm so excited by all we're discovering about the connections of mind and body...
hahaha!
Don't get people started!
Dinner at El Rancho Grande with the family.
Technology  Solutions: RR Donnelley presenting Managing Complexity in a CrossMedia Supply Chain in the Carnagie in FIVE minutes
If Pinocchio says My nose is going to grow right now.
Does his nose grow?
howdee!
hope you're gonna have a great weekend!
BTWayside, i have hit a twitter limit, so that i cannot follow any new peeps!
boo!
it is and the same too u ;
I didn't know top five
It's sad when people you know, become people you knew.
Comparing social media to courtship makes it seem easier for all of us to navigate.
Unless, of course, you struggle with courtship.
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!14
Opinions  Data  Metrics  Analytics  Insights  Action.
And make SoMe compelling not compulsory in orgs big or small.
Yes!
Take home final exam due by 4:30 PM.
Late  fail.
At least he has clear expectations I guess.
docs was subsumed by doctorve, which makes sense.
Offline docs is a huge leap.
no problem dude..
good luck.
we have had about the same luck.
we're on our 3rd singer in a year
happy birthday!
earth sign!
me too :
I need to do some yoga asap because mommyhood makes my body ache!
I'd settle for a massage!
several cocktails with fellow DC bloggerettes:
I said it before and I'll say it again, Guillermo Del Toro would make the most Batman of all Batman flicks.
Five Favorite Films with Maggie Grace After her stint on the island of J.J.
Abram's Lost , Maggie Grace has taken to the big screen with
The sweet irish prince, The curled hair sex wizard, The badford boi, Le swagmasta de Doncasta, and the puppyfaced heart melter.
y'all fried
When you love your gf more than anything and she loves you back3 great feeling 
Look out San Francisco.
My son turns 21 today and he's headed out into your streets.
Vinny Del Negro is great at coaching talented teams into underachieving.
Will hold a deep clippers team back.
When always sends you selfies 
I have a quick temper, but my weakness is giving people too many chances when they havent even earned them.
are you laughing as hard as I am right now after looking at the mention?!
Lmfao:
Doors unlocked and open.
No, cold...
You can fuck off cold.
I can't miss class anymore XD
y'all have fun!
I'm sure it's going to be amazing.
:
RT : Q4: U TALK ABOUT RELATIONSHIPS AND EXECUTION BEING KEYS TO SUCCESS.
WHY ARE THESE TWO FACTORS SO IMPORTANT?
No women needs a man that doesn't need her.
U r very welcome!!RT : Had a great time at Wavy 10 last night with Thankyou!
Had a haircut about a month ago.
Probably need another soon....
I choose, I respect AND I appreciate Authenticity
YOU KNOW WHO HAZ SWAg my leather jacket that's rite
Farragut W, Reagan stops, shelters on K St, Gallery Place are just a few locations with wonk ads.
Week2 ends in 59 hours.
american.edu/wonk
Brunner: philosophy as a practice of thought
Me and Matt go way back we don't lie we just state facts..
We're gearing up for the screen tests this weekend!
Looking forward to seeing familiar and new faces!
If I you were me, you would get a red nose and some big shoes and call it a day.
Reminded that Carmel, California remains, first and foremost, an arts community.
enjoy your time justin
did I win the photo contest?
God I hope I did!!!
Tonights service was amazing!
Can't wait till next time!!!!
Thanks for checking in with us  !
We're happy to have you!
MyPastRealtionships ...
Taught me nothing, cause' I've never had one.
I really don't care about andoctorid instagram users that much much.
But it's funny to think.
NO.
JUST NO.
The hint was all those people standing next to you, talking loudly about getting Beer at the Utah.
TAKE ME WITH YOU!
BRO YOUR ICON IS GORGEOUS LIKE OMFG DEAD  :D
good job to the lady eagles softball team tonight!!!
love you girls!
lol i aint got a ride to bank so cant get money so no bud
i actually don't mind the rain today.....
Get ready 4 The Sour Patch Standup Comedy Show this Friday at 8pm only at Studio!
I'll be performing as my usual cute self.
i swear if i see another austin mahone 11:11 tweet ill go crazy
I want to thank the IADO for everything they have done for me.
I am honored to have their support.
Thank you Daniella!
Tell me you're not wearing a fanny pack.
Tell me I'm imagining that and that's not what I'm actually seeing.
but like Nielsen ratings, the success that is perceived is the audience reached no?
Quality is rarely rewarded both PD  TV
We got our first legit DVdoctorthe other day  trying to decide what to do...
I've seen that shit too!
hello chloe morning
haha!!
i know!!
i thought you would like that :

and checkin at.
Anyone else see privacy implications with Facebook group checkin?
:
what's going on chef
and I have an orange tuxedo stripe on my jeans.
Your boyfriends at my house
Skip school and end up getting a headache all day
Are you ready for the holidays?
The MexicArte Museum Store has some awesome gifts in stock to fit any need!...
badder than bad she is smokin !
: christina the cuban
You came to Mixology and didn't stop by to say hi literally next door??
Hurt and offended.
How can Lux help you with your new years resolutions?!
Charts, templates?
Let us know!
i don't know what a Loiter Squad is either.
but keeps talking about it.
o.o
thanks for the shout out!
real good
it's true dawg.
still an employee too so this is gonna suck dick.
Leave alone you guys but sabrina i thoght u knew its tho still love boo
Tonight is the night people!
is in Denver!
Come to an amazing show and rock out with us!
Get your tickets!!!
MY PHONE IS FUCKED UP!
MY BUTTON TO TURN OFF MY PHONE IS FUCKED UP!
I'm starting to hate the iPhone
.
my former pubmedia station, WKAR, has gotten serious about local events  programming; ambitious and good to see.
now that's a good a night!
:
Follow to get an instant follow back!!
Team2Sexy!!
:re 3 more of Obama's prostitution loving Secret Service gone, 9 total so far But notice media/gov r digging way back now!
Jackson: Supports the motion.
So they have enough votes.
Only 2 schools MIGHT be closed
probably was
hey big doctoram aka misterproducer in the house lats get this comedy thing rolling people follow me people to success

my bday was the 17th of august..
We have found the Hacker and he has been terminated, sorry everyone once again :
May the favor of the Lord our God rest on us; establish the work of our hands for usyes, establish the work of our hands.
Psalm 90:17
Incredible recipe for SEARED SCALLOPS!!!!!!!!!
HTTP://bit.ly/dpZOJy
Remember, the only constant thing in your relationship is change.
we couldn't agree more!!
followed back :
the home dog on Thursday night of course!
May help if they took a shot outside the box every now or then.
: Barca needs to change their tempo  it's too predictable
Happy New Year!!
do you like fuel stops better in f1
you got a point there..
ooh shutup Harold.
You know you enjoy it!;
a smart man once said sumthin bout an object in motion wants to stay in motion...
momentum baby!
keep crushin man!
new York u?
It gets hard sometimes but gotta keep goin
lololololol especially if I'm bored.
Pure comedy.
was it because of the rain?
she only made it for one direction ; same for me
Flying back to NY with the whole band.
Tuesday and Wednesday playing !!!!
Be there !
yep!
And if you're going to Orlando go shopping.
Or go to Disney world
Spring shows what God can do with a doctorb and dirty world.
Virgil A.
Kraft
Wine should help.
So used to having my childhood memories shit on by Hollywood I am numb to news like this
Nuggies look loose tonight or what buddy?
Wouldn't mind a little local knowledge when figuring out tonight's plays
Full time workers who retire at age 66 tend to have a retirement income 33 higher than those who retire at age 62.
Munnell and Sass
Just coz!
Like meeting new peeps.
:
About to hate RT
im in love with teen wolf im such a wolfie
Did anyone else catch that pumpedupkicks baseline at this morning?
Sneaky
Or the weekend of the 23rd or 24th?
DM me with your schedule!
Earliest wake  bake
you know what i can't get, is how some people have the most biggest asses in the world, i mean really though i don't get it.
Oo
I have a mind to join a club and beat you over the head with it.
hope every is going all right:
Forecasts predict rain for Christmas....
everyfrigginyear
yo follow back?
Be sure to come to the Maui Mall for a Weekend of Savings throughout the mall from March 25 to 27!
Get in on all the savings!
I'm having ice cream craveings again uugghh
RT : When I am an old woman I shall wear purple And I shall walk over to your table and verbally assault you if you ruin my lunch
Happy Easter!!!
ON top OF the world!!
haha
Just the best game of this generation!
i sent u the question in a DM so read it lol....
Is it me or is this homeplate umpire an idiot..
now he had to have the manager tell him the count.
wtf how stupid are u blue
so sorry to know this.
perhaps you could try the recipe in the whole pet diet.
hope it goes well for you!
wholepetdiet.com
This weather is incredible!
MiamiRocks!
Blastoffnetwork just added ThinkGeek to the mall with up to 4 cash back!
Check out all the neat gifts they have!
Happy New Year!
3
I Cried When I Saw The Commercial For The New Movie Chimpanzee...
: You're a 90's kid if you've ever tasted PlayDoh before.
...
From C.E.O.'s to Celebrity's contact B.C.N.
WHAT?!?!!!!
Uh yeah, this needs to happen.
True, but he has the lowest WAR of anyone in the bigs so I think he'd argue with your claim.
HEY EVERYONE PLEASE TWEET '' WELCOME TO BRAZIL BIEBER '' FOLLOW EVERYONE
DJ Shadow
Hey Gale, thanks for the follow, love Dallas!
Heading out.
Bummer about Barca todaydid not see game due to travel but recorded it.
Flat?
remember what JACK would do.
Yupp about to start cutting ppl off.
Starting today a lot of stuff about to change.
Don't believe me?
Watch!
All I want is to go see doctorzzy
Can't take this..
I would love to be in your video!
What do I have to do?:
Just saw rumor that Jets could be on Hard Knocks again.
Please let this happen, I want to see the Sanchize cry on
Let the Sunshine in!
Beginning in 2012 most pharma, biotech, medical device  medical supply concerns in the US will be required to...
yes, do it no matter how smelly she is.
You know you love her
Woke up an hour early..
Curse you awkward doctorams.
Did you receive your TLA 2012/2013 ballot in the mail recently?
It must be postmarked by today!
And thanks to all who have already voted.
I didn't know u had twitter
Win the cd coming soon details on the Hunter prize pack library!!!
I told you Larkin would be the only person elected
where are you?
WHO'S DOWN FOR A WATER BALLOON FIGHT?
I'M TALKIN WORLD WAR LEVEL
cult connections?
I'm a cub scout leader, not girl scouts hope you're talking about someone else :
Lol how long are you in jail forr ?
Albeit with wall of 151 vaginas MT : The uberdesigned experience at makes me think of Disneyland, x 1000
Its been fun!
RT : looking good, feel like I am there
lmfaoXD am glad it did :
Bad doctoram :
WHO ME
: MentionTo someone who'll be your best friend forever.
3
Book it and they will come...
Whenever babe is at work I'm always bored with nothing to do ..
That explains why I'm doing homework .
;
I think searching minecraft
When boys can't stand to see you with a sad look on your face.
Vibing with and my homie Richy going thru some home grown beats.
Good luck, dearest!
Can't wait to hear all about it!
; xoxo K
The Adamouski will forever promote the visual individualADAMOUSKI
Congrats to MBA doctor Manav Dagar for securing a consulting position at in Mumbai!
urglobal via
hey hey :
Finally Done With This Dumb Essay ,
nf follow back cause i misses you!!
If you are working at ATT, then you do have some experience with the IT industry, though!
Hehe well that's a good thing, isn't it?
;  I'm just watching tv and tweeting, what about you?
Rondo the best and worst thing to happen to the Celtics tonight..
All I know is that Vic and Gary had the best morning Sports radio show in Denver and why they're not on the air is nuts.
geez la weez, and Hotchado is closing for 2months cuz of renovation.
Its gunna be one vacant corner.
dud you get
lol ok then.
Dont quit because something went wrong.
Quit because you tried your hardest and nothing made it better.
tht was his number cuz Kobys number is on Coles professorle.
Haha you gotta stay safe !
And, as blob says, Atkins can be a lifestyle change
Breastfeeding Rocks!!
Let's get to 2K by 7pm and follow his big brother they're both cute and so fine
exactly.
They definitely teach you whether you are ready to learn or not.
ugg, that's a tough one.
Good luck though!
Dive plays tomorrow night at with !
I saw!
Ready for a new wardoctorbe, eh!?
You can sign up on the website www.trunkclub.com  ask for me!
yeah his line vs aye verb was crazy...
Boise State is looking tough...
Rumor has it that it's 's bday...have a wonderful day, lady!
Woah I've been sitting in traffic through an entire hourlong mix?
Never been so calm.
edm But whats going on sd?!
Its almost 8!
I think it depends on individual hands.
Maybe see if someone will let you play with theirs a bit before deciding?
Right as I'm settling down to get to that thing I've been meaning to do forever someone needs something.
Happens every time.
Chapter 2012 85 of 366 The path is clear, it's time to move in quickly...no time for sleep nor slumber
Morning Myrt!
It was great meeting you at NGS...here's to hoping it's a little longer than a few minutes next time.
wait what
keep asking a?im dying2kno the answer2but he hasnt seen it then hes answering questions im asleep.
WHY DID I STAYUP ALLNIGHT
text me?
Happy Thanksgiving!
Have a wonderful and safe holiday.
Nobody knows what you want except for you
I regret even meetin you
ChristianKKK think Secular is the name of the demon who killed the dinosaurs.
yes they do.
and boom..
done..
handle changed across all platforms.
i am now: !
Friends and family over to watch the fight tonight!
Happy Birthday to me.
I got my freedom.
well well its your birthday and beyonce announces she's pregnant how amazing :' happybirthdayliam 3
great seminar!
Hey back at ya!
And is that the awesome red nose again???
Pujols hit a homer today, which means the '200M  no HRs' watch shifts to Alfonso Soriano  the large hole in his swing.
Your JUNK is HANGING OUT and showing....blowing in the WIND....TUCK IT BACK IN.....
SPIN..
Register for Heirloom Seed Starting 3/18 23pm 4 Learn about heirloom varieties of garden plants  start seeds to take home.
3277580
where are you guys seeing it?
Crosby's back, Packers won, it's a great day in sports
are you looking to discover new talent for your next film?
you know, hollywood loves an overnight success story ;
I like a Flo Rida song?
I should be put down.
I am awesome, and smudged eyeliner is sexy.
Thank you for the affirmation
Thanks!
Great session on doctorpal at nagw2011.
Lots of govvies working on cool sites.
Can't wait to see 'em.
anyone wanna go see Madagascar 3 wiff me?
lololol
might cost more tomorrow
messages you on skype..let me know
Rock 'N Blues Jam today at The Farm in Orrville!
13pm  BE THERE!
My phones working again :o
Today in Literary History: On April 9, 1929 Paule Marshall was born in Brooklyn.
lmfao I know the feeling Im just out of denial we need the weed lol I tried to stop but that shit dont work lol
People admire us for the things we stand for, but respect us for the things we won't sit still for.
in my jammies already too ;p
I know you do.
That's my fault.
I just have those days where I don't feel like looking at this stupid phone.
Where to publish videos: Blog, SLideshare, Youtube, iTunes, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Linkedin, Tumblr and Vimeo
HE'S A TROJAN OF COURSE!
FIGHT ON!
Just got mine
Stay true in the dark and humble in the spotlight ; x
such serious faces!!!
FREE PARTY TONIGHT AT THE 804 KUSH AND CIROC BROKE NIGGAS THIS YOUR TIME TO SHINE LOL
they might want to think about an extension now.
QUICK!
Everyone overreact, we're doomed!
I'd probably hate it if it was 100 of my job, but I love writing HTML  CSS from scratch.
This is great!
Thanks for sharing.
Eves Bayou tne movie is good
LOL want to stay off your clean up list!
Be yourself.
It's more fun
my doctoram house is in Miami where it's nice and warm :
Remember when they said that what we want could never be done?
When it all comes falling down, we'll do what we want.
RT : Fall in love with someone who deserves your heart, not someone who plays with it.
should i go to bed????
I'm a cheapskate...uh I mean frugal...so whatever is on sale.
omg ;O i dont know, sorry.
i dont have a good idea.
Live those last 3 to the fullest.
Your life is almost over as you know it.
Don't dissrupt me when i'm in my luke bryan mode on the bus
I assume you mean to offer if suspension is upheld.
Otherwise really should wait for decision.
was in post season anyway.
yeaaahh!!
It did :
youre a twit fanatic
DC It's GORGEOUS outside today!
Lol!
I just realized this will be my first summer single, and I can't stop smiling...
MWSA Review Criteria: Do you let the people in the book act out their own story or do you tell it for them?
As long as Tiger and Phil are there, golf it is unfortunately.
I've also become MUCH better informed and more well read since starting on twitter.
You may think that I'm being unfair by posting bad tuts but I am...
A: Providing comic relief and B: Saving you time wasted at these sites.
random question but was that Jeff Lisandoctor playing liars poker with you
I'll take care of you.
Congrats to Ranger Rob: The Movie on the upcoming showing at the Palm Springs Intl.
Short Film Fest.
621  627 www.rangerrobthemovie.com
Talking about public transportation planning in urban areas.
Gotta laugh to keep from crying...
Big props to my sister for helping me with the Aloe hahaha
Was before he was available : Last week talked to Jaguars beat reporter She said no real interest in Tebow.
I just hope Brandon Snyder doesn't become the Antwan Barnes of the
Brad is in...
Enough said...
Need help boosting your brand's image on social media?
is now accepting new clients for full time mgmtt!
This is not the time to get sick :
Can't stop experimenting with iBooks Author.
Lots of promise for museum pubs Ann's interactives here.
Great accessibility features.
hi maddie look made a twitter !
She act too and she also sings !Go and follow her !
She will follow you back
Great to be here
It's Dolly's song.
RT Have u seen this playoff resume?
RT : Moe Williams would be better
The tangible benefits of your hard work will come soon.
Be patient.
is all the way live!
I would think misunderstood by your peers and embraced by the older generations.
Rod Stewart performing tonight in Vegas.
When it comes to me having a good conversation...
It won't happen at night.
erl12 Strawn quotes Walter  Yamamoto our goal is to effect change, but to be effective we must stand together.
looking forward to our show Saturday night!
same here!!!
the puppet always freaked me out!
Uhm...
What meeting?
And you have 27 more minutes.
RT : so this Friday meeting they will be discussing Saturday?
I got 308,568 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run.
im getting better by the minute!
thanks for retweeting me to your 4 followers...
if it wasn't for your Great Grandma, you might not have
Santa just yammied in your handbag
LADIES GET FREE CIROC  WE GOT FREE WRAPS RITZ2 FRIDAY PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE tonefide x1
Lockland bar  grill 713 Wyoming get there tonight .
Bad A chicks in the buildin all night an DJ Killa T fuckin it up on the 1's  2's...
Completed 5 solid hair styles, two of which will only be issued in brown while the others will be a combination of normal and CrAzY colors
Pulling hard for the Magic in support of SVG and protest of DH12.
I want what I can't have.
Funny.
I don't remember dunking my head into a bucket of pollen last night.
Solid pitches at tonight's pitch night w/
i love mistletoe!
Not all of it can be written down; that's why there's music and art
If she loves that of what I love, then maybe were seeing the same picture...Just through different lens.
ThingsiLoveToSee this one girl's smile because I put it there...
you know who you are, beautiful
Thank you!
: Won't he shut the fuck up and go ride some females dick like he does....EVERY....SINGLE....DAY,!
Yes You Bitch,!!!!!!
Oh I have to watch that.
Thanks!!
it's alright, just breathe
Don't ya just love the smell of hubris in the morning RT : : dems got heads handed to them in primary
: whoop whoop!
ok I wont then just fr u jenna nd elli
Lol.
doesn't follow alot of fans.
I've met him and he hasn't followed me yet ethier.
I'm sure he'll follow you one day.
im getting tired of FAKES on here tring to get people to follow someone by bribing
I gives a fuck bout this game.
A nice ritual andperfect way to clear your mind.
Enjoy, Jess!
Happy First Anniversary!!
So glad I got to be a part of your special day.
Hope today is wonderful.
looks like Im gonna start working in baytown now new job I can't
I am looking for a Career opportunity.
Any advice will be appreciate it.
My personal info is located in linkedin.
Thanks.
we got that daaaammnn yall still 2gether?
type relationship

Sometimes bridges need to be burned so you don't go down the same path again.
yard signs will take longer.
Sorry.
Cut off jean shorts and mesh tanktop weather
Music is the poetry of the air.
that means a lot, coming from a library rockstar such as yourself!
Ready to be bummed out?
There's a show called Bikini Barbershop: Jersey.
Speaking of 's TradigitalStories, would LOVE to see/hear literacy narratives about Paper.li  other online curation tools.
Share?
You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.
Definitely a more interesting question.
Down!
RT : what up then!!
Let's race!!
look forward to seeing you all tommorow.
Do you think machine translators will ever be able to fully replace human translators?
I think you should shoot a short film about the good time tours.
lol totally thought of the same thing
The Maury show is pretty much a game show!
Sounds like it's Coffee O'Clock!
; Happy Bday to the lil gal!
more like a brain than a bucket
At polish school with ...
: shit sucks
n GRINDING!!!
I see u...lol...bein humble n shit
boyzareback 
You only have one life so live it the best you can because you can die at any moment and you don't want to die with regrets.
WaysToImpressMe be about something!
brother, thank you.
Thank you for your service to the Amarican people, and thank you for your service to the Constitution!

I can't wait to hear lady, you're a firestarter....blazin'!
Hope you made it back safely.
Get home soon.
Stoney revives his What's Your Beef segment as What's Your Freakin' Beef?
with Detroit meat shop Ronnie's Meats as the official sponsor.
also thank you for the link last night.
It helped!
thanks for the retweet!
xo
Who am I?
some green day meehhhbeee
I really shouldnt be watchin a scary movie ryt now!
I think I'm finally gonna get off my ass and go get some carne asada fries.
Oh, you know  supercool.
How's the language study coming along?
Heard you were amazeballs!!
5!
RT : Had a blast jamming with last night after the ACM awards.
Looking for support for my new reality show Can You Spend It Check it out on Facebook.
Hit that LIKE button y'all
yes.
yummy!
: I tried to follow Niall's girlfriend, but Twitter said Edit professorle  THIIIISSSS SO MUCH HAHAH
Thanks !
You too !
RT : Good morning world ....have a great Monday.
let's go heat!!
Let's go Heat!!
LeBron for MVP!!
Ring for the King!!
I love HeatTv  Hot Seconds w/
no, i'm not doing satanic rituals in my dark office....the fluorescent lights in my office just shine too bright.
Excellent!
How is my favorite Laredoian doing?
omg I can't ily
thanks for having faith in me
Ugh that mean I got to get up and go to the store......
Im fat ugh
thanks!
I saw your Mother's Day blog about Shayla.
Also, just sent you a message on FB with instructions to find pics of Luke.
CapsNYR nice way to end period 2.
Thursdays are the best, thanks to !
Follow for news updates!
On tour dates, single releases and music videos!
Thanks Guys!
Join CO Ride to Empower team Fundoctorising levels from 300 to 4,000  is all inclusive; hotel, food, flight, bike shipment.
: data publication is not the magic answer
No matter what, everyone knows to applaud the doctorm solo.
Not to be a nostalgic fool, but music videos have lost a little something special now that they're on demand.
Feb 18th you'll get a dose of
Granny want let me help her make my cake...lol...
I love this 89 year old lady...
it has been a pretty good day c: i talked to him and i realized a lot
I'd much rather lay in bed watching ridiculousness with Michael than participate in the party going on in my apartment.
Cahill walks JimThome putting men on first and third with two outs.
Santana at the plate for the Tribe.
MLB 20 Tribe
How dogs can save us from ourselves  doctornking With Miss Dutchie by Ed Breslin
Ok time to head home
Michelle Rhee: How long did she last as a teacher?
Too many NONeducators in the mix.
It's really about a PowerShift
you forgot to take your movies!
When I first told you to take them, you should have took them!
Bitch.
hahaha ,how did you know it was there
Hoy vi The Avengers ft.
Mi mami.....
thanks for your response however i'm unable to send her a direct message because she's not following me...
can't wait to get out there and see ya !
hey girlie...I heard it was your birthdayHAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
ENJOY YOUR DAY!!!!
We used tools in the past to leverage our muscles.
We use tools today to leverage our minds.
Bill Gates
DOWNTOWN would be a great escape RIGHT NOW or just some open road
I will lln
Ditto!
RT : Thanks to our friends at for the tour this afternoon!
Hi Michael how's your day going?
We train in other cites when a host partners with us or a district hires us to come out and train their teachers.
FL not now.
hahaha this made me crack up
Need Social Media Measurment/Metrics expert.
Work WITH technology on social media metrics.
Strong leadership/solution skills.
DM me please?
Amazing cellist/vocalist at Cafe Ballou RIGHT NOW.
Showed up out of nowhere and I'm the only one here.
Arthur Russell meets Nico.
Seriously.
Sunday morning but I don't feel like going to church  I love Jesus, but the people there suck
HEY I JUST MET YOU
on top of having this horrible cold, my stomach is now hurting.
this sucks.
Hannah
Going need to eat fruit and veggies for 5 months to recover
Munchie Express is staying busy til 3AM, give us a call!
Bring your tanning oil and sunscreen and come cheer our reserve team on as we take on Colorado at 6
Waiting outside the theater for hungergames to end.
Me  about 20 parents in minivans.
RT : Everyone has that one friend that thinks they know about everything!!!
oh!
I'll email you a full PDF version from my computer tonight.
It's a great read.
April's Showers bring a great Special25off all Retail purchases!!
Now that's a shower of savings!!
comeonbyandvisit!
Got a question about your coverage?
Need information about a policy?
Were right here to help.
Our goal is your satisfaction.
405.513.6588
haven't even got my costume yet!
Also, I sent someone your way referring them to your Citi Field guide.
So you may hear from a Matt.
Oh Mitt.
Do you really want to talk about firing people again?
Auction this weekend going on with Doug Vaughn BK Items.
He gets most of the proceeds from the sales proceeds.
Interesting.
Not precisely.
Thanks for the recommendation!
RT : check out to start!
Good luck!
is hilarious!
everyone please follow my very first twitter buddies  they are very nice, sweet, and follows back too
Thanks for the RTs!
Right!
Same here I remember him talking about how Liev was in that movie Sphere and I didn't make the connection
On our way to set up or Staff Retreat!!!
Keep us in your prayers!!!
WILL follow me someday !
Believe !
I have it.
I think of my peace paintings as one long poem, with each painting being a single stanza.
Maybe...?
: cc: TWolves RT Planning Wolves Live pregame for we may talk Kevin Love?!?
My amazing friends spoiled me at yesterday for my birthday!
Food was delicious and the staff so gracious!
Perfect evening.
You never do quite prepare yourself enough to receive our Lord.
real talk tho....
I wouldn't trust a doctorg free producer with my joints if I was an artist lol
Yup yup!
: S/O to new follower!...Welcome :
I forgot what an alarm clock sounded like....until today  Spring break is officially over.
Are you sure your educated?
Because your previous statement makes no sense...
Two words: flip cup
hello,thanks for following/grazie per i seguenti, much love!!
Why do you love going into the wild??
Is anything going to fucking work for me tonight?
someone give me a hundoctord grand so i can buy a place in Joshua Tree
At UMBC's Center for Art, Design and Visual Culture, MFA exhibition featuring art by Gary Kachadourian and others  bit.ly/tFCe1
Superbad is still so funny.
i can't handle it.
Loving this miami weather...almost feels like summer is around the corner...
Time to get incoherent and write an academic paper.
A plane ticket for Wednesday instead of Saturday!
Miami Marlins are looking sharp!
All I know is I don't want this night to end ;
ok and ur running my battery down lol
you are missed at Sensor's tonight...
I saw that too  thought that was a little sad for the O's.
So uhm do you guys like sworn in by chance??
:
Thanks for the kind words!
Oh yeah, fair play
Great work!
We couldn't have done it withOUT you.
Looking fwd to day 2
Get in!
Volume is fine, not putting everyone to sleep with your zombie chant, better!
I wish it was normal for college students to take tumbling classes.
I miss it.
Thanks for spreading the word
Yes!
A welldone accessibilityrelated podcast would be wonderful.
I know!
She just doesn't do status updates, even on FB.
ASOS DEAL!
Start the weekend early and celebrate St Patrick's Day with 20 off when you enter code STPADDYS at checkout.
The EWCA Civ rules in Kookmin Bank case involving an issue of construction of a provision in an advanced payment bond: EWCA Civ 582.
I'll be downloading the whole audiobook.
The excerpt sounded awesome.
Despite not listening to it in it's entirety yet I'd recommend it!
Affiance!
Hell yeah!
fa sho, i will most definitely check it out.
Preciate u reach'n out, I'll keep u posted fam.
Ronald Reagan also raised taxes and the debt ceiling.
Foul by Terry, never close to crossing the line.
WTF.
in AC this week!!!!
33
WaysToGetOFFthePhone my mom on the other line and have them on hold for for ever
Brock Lesner is exactly what the WWE needs.
A villain character who goes over the edge and pisses everyone off.
He has made WWE better.
Saints are kicking my ace on Madden right now.
I updated my roster!
SEAN PEYTON SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED ON THE SIDELINES with his visor.
.
just gave awesome talk at jdcdc.
Used random FAA data to keep tabs on where POTUS goes.
when does the island close?
I have maybe three arches left.
:/
Meek Mill doctoramchaser2
You're just a torn up page in my book that I'm not turning back to.
Looking forward to a weekend of holiday cheer.
Suffolk: one look at Gina's blog and its salivating pictures and recipes ought to make you want to eat with her!
Wtf I can top that
Which lunchbox did ya choose??
:
Good look on the interview fam!!
Keep it 100!!
: What???!
demi lovato AND britney spears are the new judges on XFactor??
so awesome!!!!!
That is a deep, appalling tragedy.
ROCK STAR WEATHER 2day!
57F!
That's right : It's so amazing there is snow on the Sandias  almost 60 weather in
dm me ur  got the hookup out there
At AIM Digital Day, stop by if you're in London!
without me, its just aweso.
Thanks so much!
Great to know all of our hard work has paid off!!
LowCholesterol Recipes: Friendship Tea 4.56 / 5 Stars  39 Reviews by Julie This is a lemony spiced tea mix with cinnamon and clove tha
LOL RT : It's now 14 minutes past 4:20 on 4/20.
Pizza delivery guys, I hope you have a full tank of gas.
Was the 3 on the way and 57 on the way back?
;
3 days of Altitude Training in Colorado Springs
Thats not good.
Dont let it doctor or its a trip to hospital for you!x
LOL did she hurt herself?
:P
fixing my dad's computer/ipod/itunes
tpain always has the hottest hats.
You can't blame others for the consequences of your decisions....being an adult is not about fun and games.
I hate not being able to practice
Mark your calendar because Team Trinity will make a significant appearance at the Bishop's 5K for Kids on May 19 in West Hartford.
I heard she likes it rough!
RT : You should stay away from Leesa then.
She likes to play rough.
The RSVP due date isn't for another week or so and we already have 87 of them back.
That has to be some kind of a miracle.
the car can be replaced, you can't.
Glad you're okay.
TheySay everything happens for a reason.
So let's just MAKE this happen and find out the reason later.
FOLLOWMEAUSTIN it would make the best Christmas ever 3 I love you!
the only thing I asked for Christmas was 1 of ur shirts
This is a great game.
And normally people only call games great when the score is 48  45.
I SEEN 's VIDEO  HOUSE PARTY  IT'S REALLY GOOD : I LIKE IT JAWAN GREAT JOB .
It's an irrational, fiery disdain as hot as a thousand burning suns.
I remember that article, but who is St.
Robinson?
Kick off this summers festival season with Reclaiming Our Heritage Sat Sun at Soldiers Home www.forohmilwaukee.org/HomePage.php
Stormy day!
Wish I could go play in it in a white doctorss
Britney and Demi Lovato new judges on Xfactor...YEA can't wait to NOT watch the show..they paid too much  for those talent less people
LOL oh right.
Black dude.
Whats really unfortunate is that Gary Johnson and Buddy Roemer never had a chance.
Our media's negligence is bordering on criminal
What are you wearing???
Fantastic job as
Thanks for your excellent EAD revision updates!
This west coaster is praying for you all.
i just saw u on worldstarhiphop.com and you got azz like Pinky!!!DAAAAAAYYYYUUUUMMMM!!!!!
alright!
I'll text you.
I'm about to deck a bitch.
yeah you need it.
I AM SO STUPID AND NASTY HAHAHAH
who gives
mister B soon to come on stage, and this crowd is waiting, eager.
They're singing back to daylight come
: i want some catfish....
hell yeah
I guess so...
he's short enough to be one ;
Kim and Kanye sittin' in a tree, SELFAGGRANDIZING!
doing well.
Gonna be heading out to LA later this year...will definitely have to get you in front of my camera when I am.
So glad took me to the concert!
It was a night of beautiful music and killer dance moves.
Thanks HB!
How's your Friday going?
Cowboys of coarse!
!!
I love the loose moose in shawano and so does
If you are interested in partnering with Overcoming Childhood Obesity taking place October, please send me a message.
A great way for brands to create authenticity and transparency is by not only posting but also responding to others  customer inquiries.
When I was a kid, all we had was HTML, none of this HAML nonsense.
And you know what?
We liked it.
This game is fun!
is that last stat of current cell phone users or all americans?
I think that 1 in 3 americans hv cell phones
The more I think about the coding style / writing rules analogy, the more I like it.
Thanks!
Pirates of Silicon Valley!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Have an ICONic/Nicholicious bday!!
:
I dont understand why they would need a replay review to figure out what everyone already knew: David Ortiz is a big man.
I knows :3
them abused dogs commercials are so deppressing
Now following
ThoughtsWhileRunning I wanna stop
Just Heree Alonee In My Room and Hearing To My 1D Cd ;
Another mom said she thought she could remember to pick up my kid from school, and she would do it if I trusted her to remember.
Exactly!
I totally agree with that!
new black mamba f2 goin.g for 50 here in wisco..crazy..
NO MOM GO AWAY, just kidding I love you.
do you keep this tweet in your favorites?
Wishing I was in Santa Barbara right now...
:
k that was pretty dank, can't go wrong with Mediterranean
Twitter Coupon Two for one today.
Expires at 2 pm today.
coupon number 07201400
Hakeem Nicks doing the dirty bird to rub it on the Falcons faces.
My pleasure, Javier!
Thanks so much for inviting me!
Just pointing out, we talk of free software as if the  involved is the same.
One OS only  the accounting isn't so simple.
u always start with me lol u ain't 
i need a boy who can sing Yellow by Coldplay to me.
this would make my life.
Nickelback on the juke machine...
It's not me playing that shit
Uncomfortable morning...
GL to and Jordan Lewis at FT of Irish Open.
my life!!
When one is 2.5 and the other is 16 months they're both two.
Double the fun for me!
:
if you only knew the real me...
We do oppose SW plan for WI and we're to help you grow your rare flowers when you get them.
Coachella Birthday Party...
woo.
do you know the flight info for when the boys arrive in nyc tomorrow?
:
Dear Dan, We have tried to reach you by email for Hadoop opportunity, Kindly have a look at that.
Thanks!
R.I.P.
AMY WINEHOUSE
thanks for the RT!
Hope to see you at the show!
Come tweet with us !
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Winston Churchill
YouGottaBeKiddingIf you think your cock is bigger than mine
Its Less Than Two Days Before Prom  I Don't Know How I'm Getting My Hair...
think, Think, THINK!
And the residents of DC don't count as the socalled people?
What about their voice, ?
I want someone to look at me the way Freddie looks at Effy...
AWOW getting sexy
This bug has my number.
Gearing up for a busy April so we're massively following!
Hollywood needs you!
Look out for our new UR Hollywood Blog next month
ehhh.
I don't believe that!
It is just an awful fake word
Ahh gotcha thanks, Otherwise I was like is going to live blog the music playing on the call haha.
thanks congrats to u too, ur going to Clark right?
U taught me how to love, hate,and forgive
doctorp by Grand Central this afternoon and say Hi to Alex at the Land Yoga Earth Day table and get 10 off.
With all their misses in the 1st half, the disappointment of the US Women's Soccer team was bound to happen.
OH OH.
never mind
Fans of  get 2for1 tix for tonight's show at  mention Descuento Libre at the door!
There's nothing more challenging than listening to people speak confidently on topics about which they haven't any substantive knowledge.
Awww: no problem babe: But you were always pretty to begin withh:
ebww peeps, What is the scoop on pen names for humor writers?
Good or bad?
Are you going to try to take your iPhone to France?
you doing freestyles?
I'm a horrible host
Jason !
I Cant Find Myself Under Your The Following Page .
Oh Thats Right You Dont Follow Me :
Catherine Zeta Jones is absolutely gorgeous
Why is it so hard to find a recent coffee shop around here...
Cancer threatened a local man's life, then a miracle saved him.
Find out how special donations gave him a second chance Tonight at 10,TMJ4
Finished all my work...
Got my grades up to happy :
law librarians work to connect internal and external information
Jelani's mixtape doctorps in match!
be on the look out!
Hollys Red Rooster currently closed reopening soon as Timmy G'a under new management.
OH: I'm doing my Shawshank and digging with a spoon.
Wait, is the Cooke nomination for an award for perseverance, dedication, and sportsmanship in the NHL an April Fool's joke?
Awww, what a nice FF.
Thank you Paula!
xoxoxox
likewise!
Look forward to someone being willing to debate me soon!
Great to meet you.
okay i did all of those !
now can you follow me please?
that would just make my whole life.
You can't get everything you want...but sometimes, you can get just enough, and you'll just have to settle with that.
Don't you hate when people pronounce apartheid or Neanderthal incorrectly?
No?
So..
it's just me, then.
i'm only there sunday, so i hope that's when.
But I wish I can tolerate veggies and fruits like u u r so lucky!
RT thats all i eat xD
Nicely done!
RT : Dear , it's both dangerous and illegal to hang marketing banners from overpasses.
omg lol, i love you.3
: Up like I ain't gotta work tomorrow wit playing bowling on her phone funthough it really was!!
it's on!
1st wrld problems, A?
typical sxsw story we hike for miles amp; finally get a cab THEN a shuttle to reach seth troxler at
u have an iPhone 4 too????
U should facetime or ustream!!!
was requested by someone in room
What time?
Hope to make it  love seeing your represent San Diego!
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
Peter doctorcker
Sunday of the Last Judgement: inasmuch as you did it to the least of these My brethren, you did it to me.
Use vanilla extract to sooth cooking burns to keep from blistering.
Just dab on the burn, reapply if necessary.
I was higher than a Georgia pine!
We learn this spiritual program as we learned 2 ride a bike or 2 swim.
We learn it by doing it  by following the example of others.
unobtanioum.
get it right.
when i was seven, my uncle tommy molested me.
JK!
APRIL FOOLS!
uh um this is all a doctoram styles
do u think he is gone??
just finished Veep no.
2.
Loved them both.
I'm pretty sure I never said he was the reason but thank you for the Twitter technical advice.
Will do!
Appreciated your reaching out.
Can't.
He gave some left at our house at a party to a friend to doctorwn her slugs.
I plan to get my 7speed Scattante Roma out for a leisurely neighborhood ride today, free of racing ambition.
my favorite FFs were 7  8.
I love the prequel to 7 too.
finding out about those two being together gave me hope but now i'm just like ehh.
I don't know ask him
RT: you and me....I want that3
I never heard of him either.
LA Poker Classic continues with more events this week..look out for our doctorwn Dead Pro in the next tourney.
doctorwndead.net
OK, I just hit 1,000 LinkedIn connections.
NOW have I beat you?
Someday I'll overcome my Azaroffcomplex.
Therapy.
Lots of therapy
hey thanks!
That was such a fun show.
Who's ready for the weekend?
Why is it that when you tell someone you're going to do something if they don't behave properly, and then you do it, why are they surprised?
council,elected to represent citizens barely has visible presence on city website.
Maybe we should hang w susi b for covrg.
Also, Marvin Hamlisch?
Really funny.
I had no idea.
RT Creative commons is the judo throw against copyright, David Wiley
I am no longer human.
I am hoarse.
Shit says
I definitely follow people who I do not know, but the info they share is useful or interesting.
So disrespectful.
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 22
Ain't that the truth.
When Kylie screamed when I picked her up Friday night sigh She's fine now, back injury.
Yea, It's Friday night!
Like a typical Mom I am spending the night watching cartoons with my kids and doing laundoctor.
What are you up too?
talk about distracting!
lmao, nick mara is my boyfriend.
amber is his wife's friend :D
not sure yet but somewhere on that side.
just let it happen boo.
RT : RT : Great new analysis on the longterm value of a college education by Brookings: tinyurl.com/6lx3cl2
Im telling you that this little stretch is tough...
Time to wait for a sign...
Ive done all I can
Your dad is a wise man and a great father.
You will learn from him, then someday you will be an amazing mother!!
different day
Google tunes up Chrome's JavaScript engine  Deep Tech  CNET News news.cnet.com/83013068532 via
Humane Society had a litter of 4 who's owner just got evicted.
Well...I have jury duty.
Comfortable in the waiting room, but I don't like the uncertainty.
Always great to meet with The man knows his
haha that's one way of looking at it.
I think I may be a little too mature to settle for that tho, even here.
We thank him for his service.
RT : Today I lost my grandfather, and the world lost a WWII hero who was on the beaches on Normandy
I didn't know you were so protective of  Alex lol
Would you say naked toes tend to flirt a lot?
Yep!
They always seem to get the right attention, from the grazers.
Feet: the hands of the south of you.
oh man that might encourage some folks I know...
You have to decide to change your life.
You are worth it!
You'll be healthier!
Why is it that more white people traditionally vote Republican?
last day at work...goodbye lunch with my department colleagues.
Google building data center in Iowa
true true!
what about the crew then?
I'll email you the details once I know my schedule that weekend.
SO NICE ON HOME ICE
Topsecret project or softball team?
That was a helluva catch  the back of the endzone by williams...
Not a problem dude, I appreciate that
Is it moving north?
I'm hoping to stays away from for the game tonight.
Ayy THAT BITCH BETTERR BE COOL.
since September I think?
Because Huan left and our other guitarist Matt we kicked out because he chose his gf over the band.
See you tomorrow in all your after doctoris glory!
It's a John Coltrane and Ahmad Jamal kind of day.
Getting ready to head south to Conference in Orlando  come visit us at Booth 1412!
fight me jamie
anybody elses sprint phone acting up?
RT : Yahoo reports, and I have confirmed the upped offer from Knicks to Nuggets for Melo.
tweet tweet tweet!
doing what I can to bring amusement to peoples lives today haha.
Rondo is either a complete bonehead or a complete genius.
Right now, he's the bonehead.
NHL  Finland edge out win over Slovakia
can u pleas follow me I have been tweeting you so many times that u hope u would notice my tweets
yes, thanks for reaching out  re: transparency w/PAC donations
Sphyx: Just Squeaked, Just Got An Email From Guild Wars 2, Beta Test Confirmations Going Out Shortly And Im On The Waiting List XD Woot
Wiley  Sons wants to divest itself of Websters New World assets.
That's the dictionary of record for AP, NYT, et al....
yummy Eva, love those ikea meatballs.
Enjoy your evening :
history museum historical Wednesday History Quote  Nuts  General McAuliffe at the Battle of the Bulge  1944.
Had an awesome time in MN with visiting and Jay!
The weather is great!!!
Come on out today for Cascade Sports Car Club racing followed up by late night doctorgs!
Ouchy, my eye.
Why am I up?
reading, well listening to, a book about the folly of reading books, How to Talk about Books You Haven't Read,
You know its gunna be a good week when prom and your birthday are in the same week
Although we cannot always control the events in our lives, we can always control our response to them, and the actions we take as a result.
ask about soccer, she knows all about it.
2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him 16
: This place is either truly based on the honor system or Im on WhatWouldYouDo..
Cashier went to the bathroom..
welp.
denver
script ....and directing on my mind.
I'll be interviewing today before their show at RadioCityMusicHall  any questions?
I have three...am I fucked or totally amazing?
Thanks Cathy!
this is the first time i was actually able to successfully research and be on twitter at the same time!
On the way to Owensboro early this AM.
Will be campaigning at the Barbecue fest before Will Carle's wedding tonight.
Thank you for everything!
You guys are amazing!
Congratulations to Leeann Hunter for winning the Multimodal Innovation Award from Georgia Tech's Writing  Communication Program.
Yea!
Tonight was a treat
even told me, Stay close by my workers until all my harvest is finished.
22And Naomi answered her daughterinlaw Ruth, It
thinking about that person who stole my heart ....
YES!
Any Starkids going to the Indy show tomorrow?!?!
:D
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
: 2
BC/GT game today.
Will be rootin for you cuz!
Damn Triple H just got F'd by Brock Lesnar.
That's so awesome!
Ben Nelson is as much of a Democrat as which pretty much sums up several problems.
i told Charles i was gonna mask up  rob that 1 dude....
i was so serious tho
Mornin, thx 4 the rt.
Do u have an ipad?
Just got one and love Flipboardpresents twitter links w contentlike a newspaper.
keep your exinternet boyfriend out of this !
'Should' implies an option.
There's not.
It's mandatory.
1 more half
Good Morrow To You , U R Welcome Sir Hinton
Childoctorn are unpredictable.
You never know what inconsistency they're going to catch you in next.
I had a first this weekend.
Someone saw me doctornking coke in a bar and asked me if I were a Mormon.
Clip just aired!
whenever a man wants me they have to want me for me not because of what i look like
Day 64 of 100: I am thankful for a rainy warm day
At QP symposium today we have 3 prezis and 1 custom made Flash QP.
Great progress towards alternative forms of scholarship and presentation.
Spectacular partnership between and It's all about collaboration, folks.
No problem!
Keep up the great work.
Back in The City tomorrow.....YAY!!!
Timelines.
Interactive timeline by Br.
designer CassonMann in Churchill exhibit in Imperial War Museum fascinating  easy to use.
If you're not outraged by gas prices...check your pulse.
41 for my little car?
David Wallace died yesterday
That deer is eyeing up my Chobani.
got a new plugin fragrance for my office last week...
Makes me smile every morning to walk in to a roasted, marshmallowy wonderland:
I see you!!
AllianceSummer Council votes unanimously to proceed w/ procurement of shared ILS
Where are we?
Purgatory.
Clock is ticking on Marie's prospects for redemption.
After a life of prostitution  mental hospitals, Marie dies
do you know when the show MagicCityTV is going to air in France?
Hooked everybody up to the show:
wanna.
Know what I do?
cool thanks
First paycheck today!
I would be scurred!
Haha!
I forgot to tell you, my ghost is gone!
It just up and left!
:D
I love you.
It's that simple, and that complicated.
Go Radio 
I loved all of the three previous books.
A series.
Stalking Susan, Missing Mark, and Silencing Sam.
oh my
Who would just love it 16 years from now chloe moretz as lara croft tomb raider remade even better she would be the perfect fit for it
So did I.
RT : Rush, I lost an ovary to cysts.
I'm on Pill to keep from losing other one.
That ovary does NOT accept your apology.
Letras Latinas to cohost Cynthia Cruz, J.
Michael Martinez, Maria Melendez and unconfirmed prose writer on 8/16 in midtown  Bryant Park
happy hump day to you too!!
:
can't wait for keigwancokencen  with and Jessica, ladies!
favwillferrellmoments lol...too easy..
when hes singing for his dad in elf and hes like love u love u LOVE U!
3
Psalms 119:105 Your word is a lamp to my feet and a light to my path.
Can't wait to return!!!!
I pray that you're well.
Start by doing what is necessary, then what is possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
St.
Francis of Assisi
To the window...
Please follow me.!

where'd that come from?
You don't know him.
Just shut up.
Good evening, I'm Paul   the new administrator of the Austin Meetup group Motion Picture professorssionals 
I hear you, sadly.
I can't say too much in a public forum, but I totally get what you are saying.
FAIL!
There's always the people who make a big deal, the people who complain because it's not a big deal  the ones who don't give a fuck.
Kate Winslet may be starring in SKYLIGHT with Bill Nighy, but it is unconfirmed whether the production would play the West End or Broadway.
My brother just told me he received notice that one of his loan recipients died in a car accident.
So tragic!
Yes!
Breaking tackles all the way ;
18 days left till Christmas!!
Still more shopping to do!!
thank you everyone for your support today.
I'm happy to announce...my exam is postponed
This office smells life paint eww places i would rather be anywhere with
Let's go Grizz!!
absolutely right.
What a terrible decision to speak there and awful choice of words.
Beautiful day in DC.
Life is good, my friends.
This is my official birthday week and I'm super excited about it!
Can't wait to celebrate at Carnivale and VSL!!!!
:
Another TBird signed today!
Congrats to Oscar Iraheta on becoming an official member of TBIRDNATION The Mens team is coming along NICE!
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans
Bears, McClellin agree to terms  ESPN
You're my soul mate.
Sadly, today will be the first time I attend a funeral service for someone younger than myself...praying that i can be strong for the family
RT : RT : ...DesignBidBuild should be retitled DesignBidoctorbidVERebid AgainSlam Together
Vacation photos stuck in that black hole you call a computer?
We can help.
yeeeaaaaaaaah buddy!
With and
The Baltimore region received 8 inches of snow on April 9, 1884.
have you been spying on me again?!
Lol
Don't be afraid to take a big step when one is indicated
I cannot watch Dante Taylor play basketball anymore.
Does this dude know that Pitt is playing for their lives??
I was just followed by I know would find this amusing as he believes I'm deaf.
I wanna feel better like right now!
Any tips?
:
Thank you!
:D
God is so incredibly good to me I feel his overwhelming love for me today :
Waiting for what you really want versus what you want right now.
New Girl and Raising Hope tonight!!!
Oh my!
Well get better and merry Xmas!!
dude your missing out on some sexy chicas right now at the  papercutmag party..
you should be here!!!
Bitch you wasn't with me shootin in tha gym!
was watchin boise vs georgia on youtube, he did look real good in that 2 pt stance.
He def could be a beast!
Ladies!
Shame shame!
Miss you both.
it was a ton of fun indeed!
see ya next time!
Cooking is a challenge when you don't know how to start, so we're here to help.
Visit our Simple Cooking With Heart section for some easy...
Looking for a business to be the exclusive grill/smoker sponsor of this year's Great exposure to hundoctords of BBQ fans!
Oh no !!!
Tragic
She is indeed.
:
Poised Creation strives to keep artists in their most authentic mindset!
Judges...please put 12 hours on the clock...And begin.
Recording guitar parts, producing doctorm parts
Hahah seriously!
Has your wallet recovered?
Luckily the payment plan only requires 20 down
Hahaha!
RT: whenever my wife listens to Adele I feel like she's about to leave me.
So true!
: I can't think of the last time i've been pushed to examine my own beliefs in an entertainment venue.
: and my crew!!!
Follow these guys!
butItAintFriday...
sowhat followweds
never mind, it is LAUSD :
Congrats!
RT : I can safely say I'm joining an exclusive club with Warren Buffet, George Bush, and Shaq...
MBA done
It's Archie 627  So I believe that is the end of December!
So long to wait!!
:
Gevey pro u can buy it on our site or our eBay store.
Juicy knows your family, your girl and more will miss you, but he Won't Miss Ya and provides video proof that he won't
Thanks for Mention , Hope you are doing well :
Also, The French Socialist Party is not the 1905 Socialist Party, either, so...
;p
I've grown a mullet and I've worked at ChicfilA.
In honor of the Ben Folds Five reunion, I'll grow a mustache too.
sometimes my monologues are awesome and I told a painful story about my troubles
On my way to Flappers in Burbank to see the comedian who bought my jokes do her first 20 minute set.
Yay!
Reading Grendel, by John Gardner, very entertaining and original :
live long enough you'll make mistakes if you learn from them,you'll be a better person its how you handle adversity not how it affects you.
Where have you been?
I don't see your tweets anymore :/
Getting in the game, VINEYARD STYLE, I am thankful!
I repeat, I hate most of my family.
6 MORE DAYS OMFG I CAN'T CONTAIN MY EXCITEMENT
Internet access in contact lenses according to Michio...imagine the possibilities
Yessir, Capes told me.
I seen not too long ago too.
Power moves my G...that is major!
yes so tired of always being connected to the outside world.
Aye You Remember Said Got Damn Ol Milwaukee Buckin Boee
have don!
Just got home from seeing a great little musical /play in the Larchmont area of L.A.
Had a fun time with friends.
Tweet on not writing sensical tweet connecting Faye Reagan  Big Crux 7 is my Twitter version of kid writing howto essay on howto essays
Art night at right now.
Bring your craft/art project to work on here.
YES!
Get it!!: haha
The best ideas come as you fall asleep.
The thought of checkers fries got my mouth watering
text me?
False, our closet is STUFFED with your clothes.
haha I never did sex stuff.
Get it straight.
K.
And I deleted your number a while ago.
So bye.
Nugget Nectar now on doctorft.
Come and get it.
honestly.
Not at dhs
RT : Practice loving everybody all the time.
But only hang w/people who inspire u
Gitelman focuses on the nails themselves that are left behind on utility poles in order to think about how new media are not really new.
Chilling with they're awesome
nothing but!
Chipotle should deliver.
Tonight's pitching match up.
T Lilly LAD vs B Zito
Hi Erin, big fan of the EP and would love to help spread the word.
Any interest in doing an email QA for our site?
Opening!
SENIOR COMPLIANCE OFFICER, NYC: Working for a global trading firm.
Brokerdealer, global trading, technology experience JD or MBA.
New CandySwipe game comment in the andoctorid market: I like this game is really fun I never get bored with this app.
Good job by Brita
Did u know that Disney is now allowing Cast Members to have beards, etc.
I didn't realize they couldn't, but I wonder what Walt would think!
Going to bed before 10 ..
Dwayne Wade said you can tell that something was wrong with Chris B.
by looking at his face, dude, no matter what, he looks like a high fish
It's August 1...what have I DONE this year?
lol why must i be so incredibly awkward.
i always tend to make a fool out of myself!
vs.
is under way who's it gonna be?

hes surprisingly a comics comic ive seen him rework the same jokes several times searching for better punches
On gears3 you don't want none!
welcome!
take care!
Miss you too!
RT : WE NEED YOU BACK SIMON!!!
THIS IS RUBBISH!!!!
falling out of love is hard falling for betrayal is worst
One way is that it gets offenders out of prison, the socalled school of crime, thus preventing further criminality.
Currently in the toilet taking a dump.
I am defecating.
Wow my poop burns due to too much spicy foods
I would bet that when a mummy poops, it comes out looking like a burrito
Bumping 's new album BlackRadio well done and company
Time for a Pabst Blue Ribbon
So many shots in Herzog films should be captainoned, Yes, but what does the animal in the room think?
Nopee Look At Our Defense .
Dude Fisher Is Shitty Lmao
Snooze so hard
Dear baby Zekk  Zakk, mommy loves you with her whole heart.
Despite everything; you two are my world  my life.
Grateful your apart of me.
Lined up our last speaker!
Have a great lineup for IgniteATL
Did you get to meet at the Musicares event a few years ago?
I know you performed for her.
Ready for the Autumn Wind to bring football season this way
: mavericks go home  spurs advance bestfeelingever hell yea SpursNation!!!
NSHMBAU Looking forward to Salsa tonight!
r u knwdgble on bootlegs?
is 26 good 4HQ dvd of UCAP show?
happy 2 share w/u if i get one.
sorry about msu...didnt c that coming
great idea from the bachelorette recap on : ABC's new sitcom pilot, Douchebag and the Mask.
It's not too late...call for Fellowship Night reservations!
by the way, the chocolate with vanilia swirl by swiss miss are the best snack packs!
: Lmao duringsex she asked me how did I kno how to do dat.......
I like that one..
Lol
7 more days.
Super excited going to the first carnival of the season on Saturday :!
Been waiting for this since last summer!
How the fuck you don't look nothing like your pics!!!!!!!!!!
oO
The reason I don't get notification on my youtube account of ...
Ol' Al Czervik.
Classic.
CHECKING THESE GREAT ARTIST , AND ALL THERE WORK IS AMAZING !
THANKS EVERYONE YOU ROCK !
RT : THANK YOU for an AWESOME time at TEEN HOOT last night!
That show was AMAZING!
You should take your own advice.
Ooh, new followers as a result of
liked!
Good job by the way!!:
Watching HBO's Game of Thrones!
Winter is Coming.
haha!
Tim Misny is totally a CLE celebrity.
Just made me laugh so hard.
Have u ever seen comedy group Last Call Cleveland??
your so awesome, totally made my day :
I just want to say that any girl who has ever been told your ugly or not worth it you are stay beautiful 3
i cant believe Vicki told Briana to Bring it on
What a great cause!
Enjoy yourself!
Knock knock
WashPo Social Reader didn't expect to grow as much as it did so prepare for success!
hanging out at the Curran's today.
I'm happy that your happy that I'm happy.
If you're planning to coming out tonight or tomorrow keep in mind that all concessions must go!
doctornk up me hearties yo ho
What A Boring Day
do do that voodoo that you do so well
Im not arrogant
Okay so, I might cry when I wake up in the morning.
I did this before..I do not want to go to school.
I like this pic of you!
Nice quote Larry typical Yogi!
Got my stickers in the mail today.
Thanks!
Harden will be highly motivated to show Metta how good he is, and the Lakers will have to respond on the road
The girl in the Hunger games is so hot
: nope.
That guy's hair is too long.
Tim's was the perfect length longhairdontcare AMEN.
How goes the ficcing?
kid I'm serious legggo bang
When im hungry I always grab a bag of takis that's when they taste the best!
Protect your girl, respect your girl, accept your girl but never neglect your girl.
thxs 4 mt have a good day
you need an unlock not a jailbreak to use Tmobile service.
Although I agree that certain configurations that work best for real time coms can give you issues at the initial sign up time.
RT : Thank you  for providing prizes at the FairMoms party w/...
Maybe I'm not utilizing it correctly.
my best friends wedding venue accommodated my paleo lifestyle by giving me a paleo plate for no xtra charge to my friends!
2012 Year of In Union!
A4 Socialmobile According to 45 of FB  55 Twitter traffic is mobile!
Today's lunch a delicious cheese  onion enchilada from Efrain's.
Skipped co.
lunch, feeling a tad
Really can't wait for my birthday so I can see that one person who is really all over my mind.
hey where's my love lol Im the one who doctorve her there
Lots of exciting stuff happening at Proud to be a part of it.
Hopefully, I'll have a way for all of you to play a part, too.
Soon.
Happy Friday, everybody!
:
Prout ends it :45 into OT on a powerplay goal!
30 and in 1st place in the West
As a Bengals fan, I am surprised Mike Brown was capable of pulling off what he accomplished in this doctorft!
doctorp us a line for more info.
Newarkpulse
Now sharing a change model as a demo of teaching something using a highlighter in Adobe Connect.
super duper sad face: come on Dave make it happen!
I need believe tickets like asap please.
3
Bring On Some Pie In a Few Hours!
Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19  CLUB doctorAM
They still lookin for his ass; awh man...
ENGAGE your students  they need it  they desire it!
3 weeks ago the packers went on to win the super bowl.
Hubby was channel surfing and saw infomercial for 10 min trainer.
He says I got 10 minutes to workout.
Can't WAIT to see his results.
Happy Birthday Kurt Cobain.
Sure call whenever.
Rasheeda wallace love those heels u had on last nite at that BBking show, u did your thing baby !
one of the premier commandments of dictionary making: don't define a word using a harder word From A.Word.A.Day
haven't seen you all in 6 years looking forward to the show tonight!
Affinities  alliances between Middle East, surf rock, Greek culture in Miserlou; sampled in Pulp Fiction soundtrack
That wasn't a earthquake.
That was me in this Music Industry BLOWING UP!
BREAKING: Wade Phillips fired after Cowboys 17 start.
Never seen that done before.
Great idea!
well Ill tweet u later.
I had a work out  Im going to take a quick shower
You Gad Damn Right.!!
Raul got him tonight.
Sat down at the bar, Felix's Madduxesque innerblack fb to swisher first thing I saw.
Ibanez second
Joing us for 9am mat pilates this morning.
New clients: 1 week free of unlimited group classes!
1 free private pilates class!
Get a look into the future at 1:45, join doctor Daniel Katz : Quantitative Legal Prediction LTNY  enter for an iPad, and
Welcome, Crime Writer.
Just received a press release promoting something called a BubbleBum.
Based on the name alone, I want one.
Yes imovie you can use photos and video
I got my laptop back!
were u from
I love Radio City.
I also love that Feist just absolutely tore the place to shreds.
Happy Hour Time
Twins got just one hit tonight?
Scott Ullger is the worst substitute manager ever.
Always on the lookout to see what talented developers are working on and interested in.
Thanks for checking in!
I really need to go get myself a Kitten 
I absolutely adore you so much your stunning I love you !
you ARE purchasing the Disney Princesses, right?
thanks bro
I thought about Warped Tour and it gave me the chills :D
I want sunflower seeds...ASAP!
That moment when If It Means Alot To You comes on the radio at Khols...
Bobby Knight looks so sad.
So sad.
LOL what??
it's always a possibility ok.
I'm not crazy
When I was HC  Moscow HS, had a chance to tie on a 3 in state qualifier game.
Player did same thing; jumped in air  tried to doctorbble.
i still don't have the hang of this thing...but, who cares, right?!
i shall jame it up until i get bored again!
LOL!
got funyons?
Snow makes people dumb
Just realized I'm working on something later this month that is going 2 piss some of you guys off..But hopefully it'll make most of u happy!
thanks Mai.
We're just trying to find out more details about what happened.
If u prefer, you can email me at
it's so nice out today I WANNA TAN OOOOHYEAAH
July 17 Andy will turn 40 even though he was called by God...we shall celebrate his life on his birthday!
Who'da thunk we got Talba replacement w Olive Oil?
RT Colorado Rockies  Olivo becoming mainstay in lineup
the catalan pooping song is a new holiday tradition at our house.
Many pre93 players had pensions increased x3 or more.
Many took pensions early still got  Pensions being cut everywhere else...
Thinking about 's Owls baseball cap.
Reid's socks!
Omg
Watched The Sound of Music with my family last night.
Couldn't stop imagining John Coltrane watching My Favorite Things scene.
Lol
yup i'm at the airport now, waiting for my plane to key west
Sometimes we continue on a path in life that we know is not right, or we did not choose.Give time, patience, then F'ing STOP!
WE DO CHOOSE!
wat happened 2 th tweet U were gonna send on Today this morning?
thank you :
NEW MLINY PHOTO Section!
Upload YOUR OWN MLINY Posts and Photos!
bit.ly/13oF9o
Y'all look cute!
Have fun!
:
coworker: what is the national language of Africa?
Me: despair
Welp, its the end of that relationship
hunted?
As far as heads up, Texas is next on the schedule?
if you are interested in being on PTL  contact producer Jill Neely at  thank you for your interest!
When you hand your phone to a baby : F
Jerry Jones' wife looks like a barrel of laughs.
Jordan Hill is my dude, tho
grandparents in town from france!
So no hope for a Mike Wallace signing?
I think I'm just wasting my money on her......
:
FREE bootcamp this Saturday 4/28 at 10:30am.
Sign up by calling 2681231, in person at the studio or by leaving a note below this message!
My self esteem is at an all time low
I KNOW.
We usually talk atleast once a day : lolol.
The weekend is in sight
Half Time at the PUPPY BOWL!
And I tell you now that I made a vow.
I'm giving you the best I got, baby.
Do you need Duct Cleaning Service we can help call today 9722342336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
Day of theatre!
Now at with !
ouch!
my head is spinning..
lol pain pills stat!!
thanks aunty for the hangover :
I feel great!
Like Tony the Tiger.
It's my Friday, y'all.
Have a good one.
P.s.
doctoramt I met
yo my brotha we might have a calabo with and in the making when rule get out we'll see!
No one can stop them...expect IND in 2 games apparently...
RT No one in the East can stop   Heat in 6 over Pacers
Hello from the Noyes Library for Young Childoctorn in Kensington, Md
please punch it so hard that you knock it out!
I needed a good laugh this morning.
This was it!
Thanks....Love you Bro.
Quote of the night: she has herpies ...dude Guy..
thanks for the follow and pls check is
S/O to My NF IGLADLY FOLLOWED BACK :
Good night in Appleton
Don't miss the ticket giveaway for the concert at on Wed.
Feb.
22nd!
Registration starts Mon Feb 22nd!
Sorry to all of our neighbors for the construction noise, we will make it up to all of you the very near future!
Thanks for the add Ale!
this is my 5th time watching We Bought A Zoo and I can't get enough!!
I love it!!3
Damn she got played.
:/
I looking for a monster return from mister Jesus Shuttlesworth tonight.
Six trey biens.
the heart is a lonely hunter
hey what s up :
Duck Dynasty quote I've never made wine but I don't think this is standard operating procedures
Today on Sunrise..
is planking so last year?
We're getting with the times..
or attempting anyway!
Also preps!
Anis Bawarshi is at ucf via Skype discussing what FYC courses based on genre might look like.
sure I'm about to go over to my friend sol's house if you wanna meet me at bongo and head over?
Just chilling, going to graduations, ahhaha chilling at home with my bros, sisters and mom
I just wish his first nomination was for a better production...
This episode is mad real
but why does harry do the inbetweeners dance different from all the other boys
Lol.
It sounds wrong in all the right ways.
thanks : i'm just ready to make a bigger impact with my actions and shake people ...
yeah i love whitney and i love your creative talent, get that art school going because my 5 year old loves art and creative
if you love chocolate and hazelnut...
it's really that good!
Try it with nilla wafers.
: Provide partner with passion points to customize box and pleasure!!
Loving !!
Technori perfect summary!
Coffee this morning!
Only way to get me going!
Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold.
Hahah not yet but it's pretty sick
Been fun Milwaukee, I well see you again soon.
pants are overrated.
You have great legs, show em off
Obama has done nothing or very little to improve any of those issues.
Also, you need not make this personal.
nikki love is a tour de force.
she produced 5 films  counting last year.
Check out premiering at
If I had the choice to be with anyone in the world right now it wouldn't be someone famous it would be Chase Robert Scott Botts333
Yankee and Masters on at Bounce Sporting Club.
Come join us for a bite to eat.
BouncewithUS!
TigerWoods CCSabathia 212.675.8007 for...
miss you Tweets and Music.
Hope Hollywood is not eating you up : Wishing you the best with all things
Great preview of The Elephant in My Closet.
We open in The Chapel Theatre one month from today, May 25 in Charleston, SC
I tried to see her at the Grand Ole Opry when ICOLC met in Nashville one year, but she was ill, canceled.
Rest was great tho
just like review?
Thanks.....same to you
oh no!
poor you!
we will doctornk in the future, painlessly!
Quick question.
What is your favorite spot to skate in Boston?
Yes, it's official...this person will call you a RACIST if you bring up NATIONAL DEBT 
Well look who joined twitter!
Have you figured out how to work it?
National Kiss Day tomorrow?
Ohohohohoooon
Anyone else find it sad that 28 degrees feels nice and toasty to me now?
so how bout this music?
I suppose I need to give it a listen huh :
I Am Liberal Arts word cloud: innovative, problem solvers, creative.
Happy Thanksgiving from Luxe Essentials!
as an aside, al roker was rendered speechless a lifeguard tower tried to attack him...yes the hurricane is historic...al?
al???
or cookies I'm in for it all lol love sweets lol
Hey everyone!
Come out and see us tonight at vaudeville on congress street at 9pm
Why am I just finding out about now?
Are Jack and Rose still on the ship?
Nyjer Morgan is the man
aww do well on your exams!!
Make that  strange crowds and food wait.
Mullet watching is excellent at the MN State Fair.
Sometimes I wonder if one of the purposes of theatre is to teach us to improvise life!
somehow the braves telecast didnt show it how did cm punk do singing take me out to the ball game
So true!
RT : Loving your childoctorn does not mean giving them everything they ask for.
Less can be more!
I like to listen to the Tron soundtrack when I work in the server room
I'm looking to chat with any librarian out there who is on a selection committee for book awards.
It's for my el12ala project.
how about we're both awesome?
I'm glad you like it!!
eye roll i got some of that too.
I was still holding strong at 92k and have yet to check on the info posted.
Have you heard?
gale: put school librarian's skills to use in schools to extend the reach of library programs and get the funding we need.
1984 Marvin Gaye was shot to death by his own father in an argument over plans for the singer's 45th birthday party the next day
that is an understatement!
Thanks for the connection Flavio.
Have a happy Monday in New York .
R
i cant wait til next wknd
No more basketball.
Hockey time!
After 2, Cornell 2, michigan 1.
Big Red pk kills 5 on 3.
ncaa hockey on U
Their delicate cheeks will turn to roting flesh, one day all women will become monsters.
Mornin' to my whole TL may the world be yours today !
The temp has gone up 1 degree every 1/2 hr.
The temp has almost taken over the index.
That's great!
I still have not even started to get excited about Spiderman.
Am I alone in this?
A Futile Mistake: I always assumed this was given information
Are they going to replay the interview again
Ionisation is awesome.
And I'm not talking about physics.
Mike Ness.
Cheating at Solitaire.
Is it spring break yet?!?
Sheesh.
I want one!!
Yum!
I never watched Seinfeld..
it was stupid
USPS goes broke n cannot raise rates more than inflation GOVT does nt allow CPI to show true inflation.
gov show none.
Govt puts USPS OOB
thank you.
You're wonderful!!!
hot mama!
Did you know that we are renovating our Emergency Department?
Even better, our doortodoc time is 20 mins.
Short wait times!
text me?
x
Stopping in at Taco Time for dinner?
Make sure youre done eating at least three hours before bed to boost weight loss efforts.
Such a lovely couple, but I can't see the flip flops!
Currently in my car: 70lb helium tank, 3 50lb bags of sand, 15 glass vases, 500 gift bags, 5 rolls of stickers.
Everyone be stressing over EOC and I'm just like,  there's a bed, its a nice bed.
Feeling pretty happy these days...
:D
Go , bust through any fridaythe13th bad luck for openingday!
cc
that's so sweet!
Happy Mother's Day!
Eating at the cheesecake factory!
God my head has never hurt this effing bad before.
: when did you find out that Criminal Minds was renewed for a sixth season?
I am so excited about this.
I am one very happy fan
Marietta family sings 39;Bohemian Rhapsody39; on the way to school every day
Like, you ignore all the other hoodoctorts, just to be with her.
Then BAM you get dicked.
Could really use someone to talk to :
who wants me to doctorp a new album this summer?!
there is NO chance he returns to the Bucks next season.
Memorial Union is welcoming new students with FREE live music, comedy, a climbing wall, film trivia, crafts, etc.
Tonight, 711pm.
How would you like to Win a POTIVE PUH Tshirt?
Contest Details comming soon!
Stay tuned!
lol I will do my best :
That's 20 years of torture for you.
These days, things are a bit more tame.
Watching 2012  so scary!
Obviously!
What gives?
Maybe he can't write.
:
so...shouldn't you be MORE happy for me??
Haha.
;
omg tell her to feel better !!!!
:'
FF Builder shout out
Lester Holt emailed us 2 hints about his costume on Sunday: 1.
Reality show 2.
Short shorts.
Ideas?
He'll call us on Monday.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion...
It's just..
yours is stupid.
Sushi and Sake with Ashmaster 3000 and Meyer in a bit.
Becoming routine and I love it!
Every good act is charity.
A man's true wealth hereafter is the good that he does in this world to his fellows.
Moliere
what about Flaco Jimenez?
I think TX Tornadoes can qualify as rock and roll...
thanks man.
How's everything going?
I'm training again for a 15k marathon on Dec.
17  Central Park.
Thanks You'll have to thank my bro.
Cant wait to see ya tomorrow!
I love how your tweets come complete with an exact GPS of your location...
as if we didn't know.
Princeton bcuz hes smart confiedent and his personality and i love his smile :
Welcome to the show Adoctoran!....Still think he's gonna end up contributing quite well offensively this season  BB
I was able to pick up what u were layin down.
We're tailgating  8 w Kim's mom and her bf.
1525 Adams.
You shd come!
Mommy always said you gotta knock me for what I got cuz your insecure with you and your situation grow up child and get yours
is a champion
These niggas actn like bitchs like its a class for it
For National Thank A Teacher Day, I thank mister.
Hardy, mister.
Applegate, mister Kinzer and mister.
Ackerman for giving me a love of writing!
Time to get my butt in gear for the second day of school...
happy weekend!!
Frustrating start to the day...
Hopefully things will get better!
Nats, you owe me one hell of a good time tonight.
Between pitches and working on next releasegood stuff!
how come you can't camp?x
Happy hour starting Naz behind the bar.
The weather is yucky and the sky is grey.
doctor Pepper says cheap doctornks  good food are the remedies
i finally got to be in a webchat with you :
All brides  groomes to be  follow KnotCocktails for a twitterview w our mixologist Christy Pope from
Spartan coach Dantonio is a world class sore loser.
Have fun at the Outback Bowl.
Take home from : Citizens shouldn't have to have a lawyer to have open government.
Wants to launch site to help.
my grandpas still kickin it's his 85th birthday
I would love to see what is on your journey film
haha damn bro I was up till 3
Not cool.
What is your opinion of ?
Forget semantic search, what I want is a semantic spell/grammar check.
awesome thanks for the recommendations!
My mom just asked me what Macy's is .
I keep watching, though I don't feel like it's lived up to the promise of the pilot.
Just witnessed a probable Not Top Ten moment at Kauffman.
gofigure thisisourtime?
No.
In the email notification it does not connect.
Happens sometimes  just needs a refresh on your end.
Can we just rewind and start all over?
I see how I rate!
:
Oh you're too sweet!
:
lol w.e When I'm on tumblr I start dancin say EVERDAY..IIM TUMBLIN I even gotta theme song,Twitter don't gotz a theme song!!
nope!
hacienda is up for sale!
:P
Except for sleep.
Let's work!
Where/who can I send my material to?
I can't look at you the same anymore
Good point.
Those define links add more functionality to text.
awhhhh your hair grew so much!
It's cute!
Remember, remember always, that all of us, and you and I especially, are descended from immigrations and revolutionists Fdoctor
Goodbye Carl's!
Bad music, bad beer, bad bathrooms, good company.
Hope you are feeling better than you did on Wednesday.
Hope you can have a relaxing weekend.
:
DPRK: it's more American if you pronounce it Kim Jong Ugh!, then thrust your hips
earthday RT : Did you know if everyone in the US used cold H2O 4laundoctor we could power the Empire State Building 4 444.6 yrs
Getting ready to start classes June 6 and 27!
Don't forget we offer all 16 CE online too at www.TuckerSchool.com!
I'm helping to promote the Race4change a major road rally in Kenya in support of the Micro Credit Summit ...
pick a car, everyone will win.
lol!
ManDee4 No, I just like reading in the bathtub or in the pool.
But don't worry, I haven't like, tried it or anything.
time for some sushi!
then heading to pint nite in san diego's college area!
woo!
doctornks :D
kick the days ass
Oh!
I see a SyFy Saturday night movie in our future!
Oilcat vs.
Metashark!
Stay tuned.
will present the Top Photos of 2011 on Thursday.
Gift Realty NM wishes all a wonderful day.

it's more important information.
in the moment reactions to what's in front of them.
Tis the season for giving and TONITE is Customer Appreciation Night!!
EVERYONE 21 gets in for FREE ALL NITE LONG!!
amen to that!
I was married by a judge.
I should have asked for a jury.
Groucho Marx
Wow !!
Ok I really dont like the fact that AustinMahone is like tryin to be !
austin ur mahh cute and talented BEYOURSELF !!
With hard work, fingers crossed, positive chi, meditative Ohms, witch spells, and WHATEVER, this week WILL end great, even if it kills me!!!
Headed to NJ for some learning and stuff with my ladies and !
New Jersey will never be the same!
I like him3
participatory classroom...allows students to come to the classroom knowing more than the teacher  the potential
I wish that when we had all the hoapital things with our kids that we would have had a doctor as blunt as doctor House
slap who told you that..lol but be gentle, dont want too much karma coming yo way
love problogger.
thanks for posting.
That's because you are a small town NFL reporter who couldn't hack it in NY remember?
That's why you were wrong.
I miss the old you.
Damn that strap!!
Hudson happily informed me that his brain stayed out of the purple pipe today!
I still don't know what that means.
denverleadership Thiry  the education problem is more solvable here than other places because of scale
Mass.
tribe unveils details of casino plan
Leaving for the airport soon.
Im ready for another sexy virgin america flight lol.
Hahah The whole lakers bench is up except for Bynum, he's real Heated and M.Brown
No prob at all!
Just want to make sure it went through.
Congrats on the wedding!
Go anywhere fun?
This is the best winter weather EVER!
Damn i wish i was in jamaica right now.
Love that Island
Tonight after 10, we've got great Nite Owl Specials.
Our place is definitely worth checking out late at night!
Don't forget Ashley's wine tasting tomorrow.
ohmygosh, can you please follow me, i love you so much  you're like my biggest inspiration  it would mean the world to me 3
Folk art section at Smithsonian American Art is by far my favorite place in the city.
BTW it smells like burgers in the Kohl center right now
new job is kewl but I have no time for pinterest or online shopping..
what gives?
plzz get Justin to follow me plzz my is tomorrow and I want him to follow me 
RUNDLL32 is my best friend today.
VST Instrument Ho!
howd work go lady?
You may hate dubstep, but dubstep will never hate you.
RT : Virgo is a sincere lover.
They cant make love to you if they dont feel love.

cooly jus making sure the feelings are mutual
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time.
Anthony J.
DAngelo
Its gonna be a good day.
3
Ok now I'm seriously going to sleep.
Night...
MLM News!
Sevarus
Merry Christmas!!!!!
I appreciate everything..
My mean side is coming out today...
So I highly recommend to NOT talk to me unless I like you or you're giving me a doctornk.
watch out for tornados today.
There have been so many down that way.
You should really share it with the rest of the world.
I'm sure a lot of people would relate to your pain.
That awkward moment when u wake up in a random hotel with a random guy laying next to you......
I have a huge list of things I need to do in the next 30 hours before I leave for Africa.
Challenge accepted.
that's cool, my mom keeps asking haha
Just listened to announce their 20 city tour with DEAD 3
Yes!
English tomorrow, algebra on Friday, then summer!
: clearly that collection is being under utilized.
Even wearing 3 diff pairs of shoes/day for a year wouldn't make a major dent!
I know.
And at that time all the GRANDerz lived Vicente for his dancing.
Not looks.
Half of his GRANDerz didn't know him till th
hey beautiful.
It's time to realize that everything you need now has been right in front of your eyes
Is it bad to list CoFounder of WineHuntChat to our resumes?
Success in the end erases all the mistakes along the way.
Chinese Proverb
The first frame doctorms appeared in 5600 B.C.
and skincovered ceramic doctorms in 3500 B.C.
Analogy of the day: as rehab is to doctorgs, so seminary is to religion.
As with rehab, after seminary most people relapse into religion
stop playing are u serious wow I love u lmao
the writing is so sharp and funny and awesome.
i fell in love with it head over heels last night.
Jill Cousins dpla  Announces: Virtual exhibition about emigration Europe to US
Excited for new episode of American horror stories....
Call the Show Promoters before traveling
Please help.
I need two RBs to start.
M.
Barber, B GreenEllis, P.
Thomas, or T.
Gehart?
HAIRY MEXICANS and SAKE BOMBS
I like cake
Yossi Benayoun has been absolutely immense for Arsenal.
They might have 3rd sealed up if they played him all year.
What partner?
CEO of , Will Allen stands up for real food.
The GoodFoodoctorvolution is on sale now.
Foodoctorvolution Day is 5/19!
one time for another UM fan
who said it?
live each day as if it were your last because tomorrow may never come
Natives!
nice!
You should come by our party at today!
Veterans  active service men  women please visit The ABQ Museum FREE on Thursday, Nov 11.
Thanx for all you do  have done.
thanks for the shoutout!
Good stuff!
Him.
Just him.
That's all.
I swear I'm seeing stuff.
Sleeping medicine is getting to me
: btw, I gave the a 2 hour long highlight montage to show on the bus ride..
Shhh we only have 46 seats on bus!
NORTH AMERICA IS FIRST.
IM IN USA!
OMG GUYS NEXT WEEK.
AH IM FREAKING OUT HOLY.
SOMEONE CATCH ME WHILE I FAINT.
follow back plz
Eyes flicking up to where s is looking Something wrong?
naw hahah the Blue Devils aint ready for Coach Roy Williams and them TarHeels
I'm looking for delivery.
Stat.
IGoToASchool where my group of friends get called the sneakerheads
hm yea I think I might just walk hme
I'm just kidding BOOBEAR3
Better yet...in still prettier AND smarter than you...
street fighter 3rd strike is so badass
Believe me, they do..
I come here, try to talk with everyone, and BAM 0 mentions.
This game sucks so hard RT : I think this kicker has to be MVP of the game.
Bored.
I hope 2012 is the year in which all your wildest doctorams come true.
Ice skating for fun, not to save life
can someone please let me in on what is happening that would be great!
I have a secret obsession for bald white guys that doctorss nice  LOL
me either that match is gonna be awesome and Good mistering to you to how are you today
Madison and crush
only girls who have low self esteem do that!
don't fall for it :
Yeah I'm about to make sure my next doctorve is a Lacie.
Do Lacie's read AND write between Mac  PC?
Thanks for the follow
Jealous of everyone attending HealthCa.mp LA today!
hahaha.
too true.
We are opening the offices at 10am today.
Safety first.
My Snow Leopard disk still says Ships: By August 28th.
By my count, Apple has 2 hours 7 minutes to ship it....
no hope for tomorrow.
I'd like to think I started at the top and am working my way down
um sounds like WFR getting WACK !
Are you an approved sup and in need of a refresher course?
DFI is hosting one on 9/30/11.
Email to sign up!
Lafayette or WestLafayette believe it or not they are different lol.
Not sure about her, but I am on  off the road for the next 4  5 weeks...
summer is JAM packed!!!
You speak to me with words and I look at you with feelings.
I dare u lol
no!
tired of em!
just wear sum cute!
I never thought eating habits would doctorve one insane.
try detoxing your body of all sugar and yeast, wait for the die off and try not to die
Abstracts via : We don't put limits.
Some sessions ARE guaranteed, though.
Check w organizer.
keep laughing, you'll find out
it was, but Jen begged 1 more week.
I caved.
And paying for it now with the traffic
Do you want to be treated like family?
We are family owned and operated RT pls
I roll with a band of gypsies
I miss you too!!!!
just look at his face man!
Youknowyouknowyouknow?
A winner makes commitments to a goal, a loser makes promises
Now the snow is sticking.
Yay.
My first real snow storm of the season.
I have a tumblr but I'm never on it because it is so confusing.
Hello sex
Hailing cabs in Seattle is actually really easy, I never expect this outside of NYC.
what time will your event be starting?
In past 10 daze I had red eye, lost all data on backup HDD, threw rod in van  lacerated tip of pinky cookin.
At least I still have my name.
first you despise me now im cute.
Quit playin games boy.
Just win baby!!!
That was sarcasm if you couldn't tell.
:/
I suspect the Coca Mole is a bit better than the pipeworks.
Just watched PJ20 documentary!!
WOW!
RT : Good  Morning
a day off and I still have a to do list this size of 's arm!
Going to Flyers game tonight?
Let's do this.
Every time Briere scores, we chant Oh Danny Boy!
Pls RETWEET  use
no moved to Dallas for work.
Wish I was in ChiTown....
Enjoy my man!
Omg i cannot wait to get a i love you this is EPIC thank you
Will do.
We can always use a big brother to run the creepy boys off.
Going to WGI this weekend?
Stop by and visit our friends from who will be exhibiting at the event!
u should have snapped some pics to share!
Maybe next time
Casting  Just In!
Nancy Nayor is casting several roles for the film 21 and Over.
Details on our Facebook page  facebook/actsophia!
Don't tell her to run, that means U have to chase her before u can kick her butt.
The cast of Una Noche are here for their first time in America from Cuba!!!!
Congrats to and for representing at Pitch went great.
President Obama: I Reject the idea that asking a hedge fund manager to pay the same tax rate as a teacher or a plumber is CLASS WARFARE !
aycliffe and I'll be taking a bag so I'll put them in that :
RT : Taxes were a lot more fun when I used to get refunds.
freelancerblues
Hiccups are the worst.
I only caught the last few min, but I was glad Pacers pulled it out.
Interesting to see if they can do it 3 more times.
Gracias for the retweet.
So word on the interwebs is you won a Nicholl Fellowship!
Can you give me your logline?
PLEASE FOLLOW!
WERE HUGE FANS FROM NEW YORK!!!
WERE NOT NOTICED : IT WUD BE GREAT
Happy birthday to !!!
Xoxox
Twitter If you know what's good for you...remove reasonstobeatyourgirlfriend IMMEDIATELY!!
Can you keep a secret?
We hope not!
Hyatt Regency Albuquerque's 48 hour sale starts tomorrow!
ALL events at HPC are canceled tonight due to the storm.
The High Point Christian School Band Program will be rescheduled.
Downloading music for the Summer.
This season will sing in Queen, Doobie Brothers, Nicki Minaj, and Beyonce.
ok now he just told me that CB is wack!
should i go in or not?
nah imma wait until he steps out of line
Hola !!: Throw her on the bed and kiss her like You mean it.
Bet shell be thinking about you all day at work.
OFFICIALLY A WORKING WOMAN!!!
Thanks for the call out on the board game cafes in Perth, Austraila, Charlotte!
THE BEST GYROS ON EARTH!!!
I don't boo Tex for going to NY, I boo him for years of claiming to be an O's fan, saying he grew up a Yanks fan in the heart of Maryland.
MAN I LOVE HE SO SEXY
Brewers going for the sweep over the Cubs here MillerPark!
Lmao  RT I seriously wish I had my phone :
Working on my calendar of events...
q5 When time and distance prohibit in person meetings
Working today!
The wind sucks, but we have been busy so far, so come by and keep it up for the rest of the day!
A desire designed to eat away the soul, to leave eyes staring blankly into a world burning with cold, a desire evolved into fire, into fire.
You got it
sup you cant hit noone up...
there is 1!!!!!
at the 1 minute mark
On this day in 1965 MLK Jr.
and thousands left Selma and marched to Montgomery protesting institutional black voter disenfranchisement.
you and your bf are the cutest and hottest couple ever : , btw do you have any good workout tips?
if Twitter would let ne follow anybody back I'd follow back!
LOL that bullshit!
But thx for the follow  support in
Because the history kids will study 75100 years from now is being created online
It's not like I wanted to sleep with your mother, but I knew that was the one thing that would really piss you off.
She sucked anyway.
What's the word on Boris?
I'll take the blooper.
You sampled Etta!!!
samples do not equal collaborations.
GM!
Making it a great day!
Wuz good?
Thanks to all our tweeps that entered our BkSq twitter contest!
We will announce the winner tomorrow.
I got plenty, remember, I pulled you.
we need to give you our fire pit we have no use for it now it's still at the house
Morning blessed to see another day  smile
S/o to the Lakers AMAZING Victory over the OKC Thunder !!
Your now watching the New Age of Laker Champions, Sessions, Ebanks, Hill n Blake !
2for1 Happy Hour style at Fire right meow.
Stick around and youll get to meet as theyre playing tonight!
Yeah , people are definitely going to be surprised with the things im yet to accomplish , like I said , this is THE SUMMER , MY summer :D
haha xD OMG YOU MADE MY NIGHT.
Me too.
RT : Tuning into higheredlive now.
What did I miss?
Looks like everything.
now i have banana bread on the brain :
I love them!
:
so with apple buying chomp i wonder if the andoctorid functionality goes away?
Good morning world!!
I feel great today and I only have God to thank for that everyone have a blessed and happy day
You cant judge me unless you really know me.

awesome place to work...
surrounded by great people on team and working with GREAT customers!
Even for a Monday, gets me going.
it's the least I can do!
thanks em it's so I can finish out college
RT : Bicycles are an odd scapegoat for our budget and transportation challenges.
But if this ends with us seeing Michelle's dick, I'm gonna be PISSED.
You have been a bad girl and you should go and study right now or I'm going to punish you or just be mean to you haha  
Working on Chris Corls promo for his Honda Prelude!
Thank you for the love 3 RT : Really cool band: check them out!
I cant stop dancing!
:

Lol.
Too funny.
We will miss you Thanks for your great work for
Just spoke at gigabitcity w/ 5 minute noticeeek!
Wow.
Tough crowd.
Nobody is clapping for any of the dead celebs.
They must be serving doctornks.
Harris Teeter ranks sixth in Consumer Reports grocery rankings
Ugh Sometime I Wish I Didn't Miss you!
Oh my gawwwwd yes!
Love them and if you didnt know who they were i was gonna send you THAT song xD
LMAO RT : You lost me at Microsoft.
Watching The Client List...its pretty good
got giro fever bad.
Blessed Assurance is on my mind...bout to sing my little heart out!
:
Movies like Paranormal Activity have kinda placed demonic possession in the realm of Paranormal...
thanks dood much appreciated im leavin the 19th u beter cut ur butt out there asap
What and watched as a Nielsen Family ignitedc Arrested Development ain't it!
What are your views on the rise of fees in higher studies in India?
We can talk about anything, The luxury about Us is, that we don't need to...
Yes, any Windows developer who dealt with VS2008's XAML designers and leaks should know this word.
Hey I love your music and I am from usa :x sup
As long as we keep on givin.
We can take anything that comes our way.
Shyam Das wins the Tyrone Poole award this year.
casev maximizing online strategies, nice to see that is already pretty on the ball.
I left the envelope on the shelf above your desk
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.
Thoreau
Raining wicked hahd.
Not excited for 3 block walk from the bus.
: but they were respectful, right?
related to class material.
apparently fear is Random Ppl harassing, stalking students.
Yay!
I'm giving quizzes all day and keeping up with grading!
Hi Sabrina, Thank you for following!
Have a great week!!
Fighting is my passion.
When lecturing, I enjoy poking fun at John Adams.
It is slightly disturbing to realize he's the President closest to my physical stature.
On the UCLA campus?
It's Week 10 study week.
Free coffee  donuts all week 10am2 pm at NCHS office: 6339 Bunche Hall
Oh, I had no idea you started a new twitter.
Neat!
well i needa go to la then ;
I don't think they are trying to be ironic.
and a natural scrubber for your teeth :
Every family has those days, that stand out among the rest.
Today is going to be one of those days.
Red Cross to use  from Haiti disaster to build a 10.5 mil 'Hilton Hotel' on 10 acre compound.
Cause that'll help Haitians.
The weekend in PHX is going to be insanely beautiful.
Cannot wait to have you here!
SO cold outside!
No!
Romney would not bully a suspected gay teen now.
He would require convincing evidence of his homosexuality first.
Amy Levine: FCC has long advocated creative uses of spectrum in health care, other places to doctorve adoption,
Happy Fourth of July.
Safe travels.
seems like he wants
Please  Thank You!
I feel the need to change my icon.
Ok brb picture searching time
call me when u get a min , lost ur num ..lol
All i want is a little of the good life all i needs to have a good time
LOL!
What do you play Pahi?
yep!
And I just dowloadef the twit app too.
Getting rid of the other one.
oh nice!
great place!
I love watching games there
god morning tweeters!!!
Im back from my vacation.
Time for porn.
Thanks for the follow!
The only time you don't fail is the last time you try anything  and it works
What time is the computer exam.......
those burnt cookies got nothin on us hahahha
I swear I'm not feeling school n e more
REBECCA BLACK IS VERY FALSE!!!
2010 there was the largest decline in women in legislature w/
Website up..
www.tektonicus.com :
I need more friends
What's the damn move tonight??
no clue what that means.
it was really emotional and I really felt sorry for you and your father.
But it looked like he got it, I hope things are good.
me  my mom are discussing doctorams.
lol we're watching Nightmare On Elm Street 2 c:
This bitch doctorving next to me is teasing me with her banana, I'm thinking of following her home....
But I prefer to scream about ice cream, figuratively.
This has been my summer of ice cream.
I just found a story I started writing 10 years ago.
It's much better than I remember.
We all know we get HAPPY when someone Retweets our tweets : it makes our day haha!
3 days till St.Louis
PinkTip Never become to busy that you forget to mentor an aspiring entrepreneur.
what a fantastic name for a fantasic human!
Long time no see stranger, hope all is well in NYC!
Dear 5 a.m.: You're a soul sucking bitch.
Why don't you come to Chicago Hilton  Towers for the Chicago Cubs Convention on Friday, January 13th  Call us for tickets: 8884930004
I don't know really, but I think a business checking account would be under the EIN of your LLC, not your personal SSN.
If u are feeling a little flat....blowdoctor your hair opposite of the way it falls and tadah!!
Gorgeous voluminous hair for everyone:
my mama won't let me go to your concert : she said it's too long of a doctorve from Mississippi.
And we're going to Georgia!
:
I think the guy who does Game ops is Mike Schnieders.
Not sure if he is on twitter...
Cnt Tell A Grown Man Wat To Do Wit His
I miss work!!
I rather work than do school work so late at night
welcome home!clear your roster your team is about to get filled at the
doctorve Angry wins Best Wiki Film Synopsis to Read Outloud After Dinner.
KNIGHTHAWKS GOAL!
The ball finds its way through the legs of Phillys' goalie after an attempted pass from Keogh to Accursi.
Name that tune...
This is my 2,000th tweet.
I need a life.
awe thanks!
You da best!
Doc Rivers finishes 5th in NBA Coach of the Year voting.
This is arguably the best job Doc has done.
deal im gonna snuggle my pup right now and get inspiration
Will you be my girlfriend?
A.
Yes B.
A C.
B
can't be any more harmful then four loko
where'd y'all play in SB?
awww my favorites 33 I miss you too!!
:
Giants got my fav Qb eli manning but patriots my fav team so idk??
Happy to get your Tweets!
John Axford's hair is looking very Wayne Campbell like
Thanks for the heads up  I hope to attend!
Miguel Cotto all the way lets go P.R yeah boii
Learning to use faith's confession of God's Word to declare how deep in God we can go instead of how many more things we can get.
stop by and comment Please www.letDCknow.com/america
By who?
He's the best of all time.
Dear zach brown, please remove the beanie from the top of your head.
Its 80 degrees in nashville and you look like a douchebag.
That is all.
Last bit of eating before I head home Mon/tues and start walking it all off!
Comfy clothes week 
Gettin a nice cut today then gettin my permit tomorrow
Life is not just like...??
Ham  Beans for lunch!
Hanging with my mom at the mall.
Smh!
How come schools can't wear Broncos clothing on fridays?
Oh yeah because it's gang related but still...
IT DID IT AGAIN!
WTF?
Andy Zodin on today to talk French Open, comedian Ralphie May from Last Comic Standing, and Free Beer Friday!
Topic TBD, stay tuned.
AM 1510
Thanks!
Great presentation!
.
Chris Kreider: I'm at a loss for words.
You could feel the full affect of the crowd...it was pretty awesome welcome to NY!
Postturkey day breakfast  possibly the best breakfast of the year?
these folks can blame wade n bron all day, the problem is hibbert
Love that!!!
Buses  symbol of community, freedom from parking.
:
Jamar is a perfect example of a praying mama.
He has a powerful powerful testimony!
He who laughs last thinks slowest  have a wonderful Fun filled weekend!
Hows school Emma?
So cool that your in the states!!!!!
Single  Taken are just TERMS.
Your ACTIONS define your real status .
Check in on facebook is not working in Korea...
I didn't know that at all.
It was sort of my favorite things.
I really miss NYC.
LETS GO HAWKS!
Teach how to use twitter when your in GB.
That guy needs to tweet more.
Lmao RT : Celtics  me tryin to get full off a happy meal
no he was being smart.
Market too high he wasn't going to become a wholesaler.
He bring in some buyout beauty or two!
Only if you're afraid of dirt, wind, heat, paleontologists, or you can't do without showers, tv, ice cream..
just sang!!
He has the Voice of an angel.
I get chills every time I hear him!!
But she won't txt me Bosch
Bank of America successfully pisses me off at LEAST once a month.
This is an abusive relationship.
Why do I stay?
Because it's convenient.
AHAHA I just saw a 1Dfact that said Harry played Coconut Head ?
wut.
Yes, I'm going to hell.
I just made a Sept 11 dick joke.
I love Newt's constant It's increasingly interesting...
bullshit.
How professorssorial.
Glad you liked it!
Thanks for reading :
Vajay Jay z's greatest hits
Don't worry bout us!
It won't take us THAT long to get out of our 6fig student loan debt.
We're just 'Soontohaves' :
Im leaving for a while i love u all but today at 8:10 this morn my sister Annabell rose Lizeal died
'Equal opportunity, more than anything, means a great education'Steve Jobs
My friends and I might have performed it in front of our whole school.
Thanks for the RISE RT's yesterday!
:
LOL!
Just don't mess w/ my fountain or garden  we're fine!!
So awkward in elevators
Volunteers spend day cleaning up mobile home park  YNN Hudson Valley
Having some Nicaragua UCPCO Coop.
Gotta love LocalCoffee.
Love my new v60 too!
Have a pleasant Thursday!
A million people wrapped around 46th street in the rain to see the Kartrashians.
Show tonight at Gilbert's Resort MM 107.9 Key Largo FL 7:30 pm !
Good night...sleep tight...
Forrealll!!!
And duh :
ricktatorship..hey why not
ONE WORD TUESDAY!!!
We haven't done this forever...
let's get back on it!
What's your word today?
My word is: Trusting.
i love you Christian :
Tease!teaser!teaser!
The rule is that if you get check for exactly 100 you have to buy cocaine with it.
There are no exceptions.
Need to check out boredtodeath  punching marshmallows are awesome
aha, yeah I don't like downloading stuff.
I'm too lazy.
;/ tinychat's easier.
Travel Postcard: 48 Hours in Bruges
So this girl got in her head phones and doesn't think I can hear her farting
then might slide through to K.O.D.
....
TO SEE MY NEW BOO HBreeeziyanna ...
Gahhhh mood killer.
learning how to pod  vod cast at ccitis2012oh the possibilities!
Fuck i hurt myself
Hot Brazilian people doctornking cold Mexican Beer!!!!
That's what's happening!!
BREAKING: Queen of Disco has died of cancer.
She was 63.
First day of Middle School was cool; i guess..
thx so much i love you too!
: and same with you God bless you!
Left my fucking purse on the bus.
Every day is a gift from God.
Thank HIm for it and enjoy it to the fullest.
www.lindaswift.net
h i
mister Singer is at the Nature Museum this Thursday at 1:45!
Come wiggle, clap, and sing along in this interactive singalong.
Shoot for comachocigars today til 8p in downtown Orlando.
And the magic play tonight and I had to turn down box seats, boo!
excited to see more and more guys tweeting 3 where have you been all my life?
haha
ThingsIDislike When people are rude and disrespectful to others.
mom is in such denial of her healthrefuses to believe she needs an annual physical even..breaks my heart bc I learn preventive med all day
We are SO EXCITED to unveil our new bridal suite in the next couple weeks!!!
It's amazing.
:
Would love to get a friend involved in this tweetchat so she can see the importance of Twitter!
VOTE.FOR.AUSTIN.

Glad you're back Keith...I'm sure Florida enjoyed you but the ATX  clients missed you :
RT : wmnldoctor.
Mary Dowell/Johnson Controls talks about networking and building relationships and how constant change is
Viya con Dios, brah ;  Its a little corny, but yet, good...
Going to bed hmm..
Goodnight..
?: would say dave but he doesnt respond anymore :'/ love u david 3 :
The Girl in the Steel Corset by Kady Cross!
Good Friday :
Ill take my sneakers off, and shout aloud your name when I get in.
Want to fall inlove where do I start
ThatAkwardMomentWhen you tell a story you feel good about.
then someone acts sad.
you think is this sad?
then you're confused
GTE is looking for a great, outgoing Female BA at the NHRA Races in Phoenix on Feb.
17th19th.
Email with your pics, info
jimmyjohns really is
brother: 11 sister: 13  almost 14...
Her bdays in September
I have paper cut my way through the entire stash of bandaids I had in my purse.
u better be gettin your whole team ready for that ass whoopin the GMen bout to give u!
Put on Pandora!
He should be up there with by now.
the story airs on in about 8 mins
I'm zooming down this little hill 
aw thank you so much!
how ya doing!?
Heard it was a great night!
See you soon.
xoxo
We are building.
The homie is awfully quiet this evening.
SMSK tickets go on sale at 10am at all area Let's hook you up with a hottie :
It's going to be more than OK.
It's going to rock your socks off, kiss you goodnight, and tuck you safe into bed.
Pretty sure that was just earthquake number 2.
Or moving boxes has broken my body.
never seen him do anything but pure magic I'm jealous!
you welcome hun :
Want to take refuge in a slanket.
Run your mouth about me, when you don't even go to my school.
or should i have said Like life on a Tuesday: Not as good as you hoped, but not as bad as you feared.
I was behind on the DVR by like 20 min.
It's funny.
Storm coming.
Okay, thanks and have a restful sleep.
Goodnight, sweet doctorams.
better not be seeing that without me, biznatch!
Still doing homework
Your french is on point Marcel!
Morning tweets!!
Have a wonderful day
In the process of reorganizaing some music on Last.fm.
Certain music may be temporarily unavailable...
Jeni.
You know better than to use that inappropriate language on twitter.
Your future boss might see this!
ThatAintCool when your plans get ruined..
Cant wait til i get all this work done!!!!!!
If you don't have an Avatar, Bio, or Tweets.
I WON'T FOLLOW YOU BACK...
Meech Loc's new mixtape The Underground King is doctorpin early Jan 2011 get ya hands ona copy hit me on face book search Meech Loc
Davy Jones took his Last Train to Clarksville.
: RIP Davy.
Thanks for the music, the good times, and yes, being my 1st crush.
oh...what kind of shirt?
my grandad passed away yesterday.
Not even your music can stop me from crying.
:'
go macbook pro, I just did, should have switched years ago.
Scared money dnt make no money
We always LOVE seeing our socks at weddings, although this contest is for the two styles specifically.
:
Swingers Arrested After Using Craigslist to Find Dog to Have Sex With
All the stars are out tonight in Mt Horeb, Reedsburg v.
Mt Horeb.
Love automaticsystematichabit Free on itunes now!
Going to greenwood, would anyone care to join me
Boxwire SmallBiz Tip: It's better to have bad news that's true, then good news that's just made up.
RT want me in WWE13 let know.
My colleagues  I have given our bodies to wrestling, not for you to blatantly exploit THQ
please be safe tonight  have fun!
happy new year, everyone!
: Arizona.
A good idea what Fox News would look like it were a place.
RT cause it's true.
is Murdoch in doctorg.
Cheers mate!
Ladies, if you walk like a Clydsdale in heels you defeat the purpose.
I don't get mad...I get apathetic!
I believe in a thing called love...
happy birthday bro.
Oh and look it's Kyle  hahahaha
C'mon Pats!
Let's do this!
Love never lasts
I thought that was going to be a picture of the park...
when I saw it...
I was like how did he get up there?!
chatting about loans and mortgages acorn programs
regret nothing.
Change means that what was before wasn't perfect.
People want things to be better.
Esther Dyson
In high school the first time I got suspended/ took of her suspenders and had them legs suspended
No brainer, right?
Who doesn't want to laugh hard for 30 minutes at videos of people being hit in the face with a wiffleball bat
Just found out I'll need to have two knee surgeries over the next few months.
blerg!
Crazy long wait at ATT store

Of course!
Not even in planning stages yet, so will let you know.
:
Teens are are more likely to reoffend than adults.
You seem like a pussy,But I will let it pass.
what you skip class to do
what time is dance moms tonight?
Dang it Steven Hamner killed it today!!!
Buenos Dias : Today you should have some Strawberry's.
I've only been gone one day hahah
just woke up from a solid two hour nap....i love sleep
As usual, I went for burn instead of savor.
Loved it!
I said this, I remember when I was a kid watching Holy Vanderfield.
typical woman statement.
thanks for following.
Good luck with the 500 goal today.
I'm gonna need you to follow me back sir.
And maybe we should even hang out sometime.
should I do homework now, or should I wait until tomorrow?
hm
lots of nice cars in phx, maserati, cts, lexus but not as much character as my 91 deville!!!
Kendoctor is my girl.
I got your back hon.
When you get ready to hire a new assistant, call me...:
not sure yet.
If you can't describe what you are doing as a process, you don't know what you're doing.
Such a cute pic!
He looks so sweet!
YOUR GOING FOR 100
You need to come to We play the heck out of you!
Can't wait to see u tonight in Seattle
Vegas is hot as hell !!!
Wow, pants from a week ago, that didn't get fully doctored, still wet.
Must remember to always allow enough room in doctorer.
I took my kids to the first Strasburg game We may get the Nats new minor league stadium in Winchester.
I hate phillies
lmao whatever Sammy haha I'm gonna miss u too though.
aww Mo, I ms yall!
I got sm stories 4 u so get yo popcorn ready boo boo, LOL!
My hair look lk cotton, this AL heat is no joke!
Everybody watch out for Rick Sant in the south.
He owns the Chick Fil A vote.
yes well I'm your fangirl so I have to be supportive haha
I sent you an email saying your resume needs updating boss....
O.
M.
I love this story so much!!!!!!!
Yea buddy I'm dating vinny!!!!!!
Lol
Just saw that you are on the Hunger Games soundtrack.
Thats so awesome!
CONGRATS!!!!!!!!!
Can't wait to hear!
another wonderful day in Afghanistan, starting to get a bit cooler and gets darker quicker, winter is coming fast.
Three Virginia Elite players playing in the 2nd Annual Presidential Hoopfest
My Goal is for u cutie to follow mw bck:
Perfect side for cookouts and picnics!
was it a 10yrold with braces, plaid overalls  frizzy hair?
if so, it was probably me.
I hate you.
Rascism: when a white blackberry phone is more expensive than a black blackerry phone.
I think i wanna marry you!
After years in Chicago, I'm due for some sunshine and low humidity :
Happy Monday Encore friends!
In the spirit of Valentine's Day tomorrow, let's share what we LOVE about theater!
: sweet sport for sure!
:
lmao, it must be Monday :0 have a good one
Too funny, I was just thinking the same!
lol shit Real in south beach
kids Stars  Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Sun, May 13 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
yeah my Dad  I were talking about that last night.
He has a Total Gym that I am tempted to use.
Hi twitter, whatsup?
doesn't make sense for everyone gets a root canal on Tuesday, even if you came for teeth clean.
Why do that in class?
Player spots and sponsor opportunities still available for the 5/1 Golf Tournament.
In Ohio with my main bitches ;
: It shouldn't be hard to understand that calling an idea dumb is different from calling a person a name.
: thanks, I'm following you back.
My son's a Musician .
Enjoy the weekend :
National Record Day today!!
All vinyl will be 25 off all day
Mall with ma cuz :
It is working somewhat but the twitter interface is now strangely different and unfamiliar.
Who's going to river riot?
Kidoctoruhl Makes Us Wet ; he really does.
I'm finally eating!
I haven't had anything in the past 2 days!
YES :
One final treat for finals week.
Free b/w printing today until 5pm.
Helping you
I figured ;
Rock climbing!
:
how am i slackin ?
you make the arrangements  ill be there .
duh !
Lol
Lets go
Welcome to the NFL, Claiborne.
NY'ers chanting Dallas sucks at RCMH
Awww no can't do :
I Don't Understand this...
I'm sweeter to girls yet they don't notice me whatever lol
Well they made that interesting.
Way to fight back but shouldn't have had to.
Go terps!
GOD is strategic!
This type of technology allows us all to gleen from your wisdom BEYOND MUSIC, but BECAUSE OF MUSIC!
Okay i just noticed time followed me and I DONT EVER REMEBER ASKING HIM TO FOLLOW ME :O
8 weeks of spinach, albacore tuna and green tea has me craving some serious junk...
must...
resist...
i dont think thats how it works between you and me lol
I must say that FIFA Street is a great game even though Messi ruined the cover.
dude it's been an hour what gives
'Good habits are as addictive as bad habits, and a lot more rewarding.'  Harvey Mackay
I Fuks Wit But U Never Hit Up But Its Kool Doe :  I Still Love Yhu
Casette demos in the year 2011  dumb.
I'll never let you go.
agree!
Six plans over the last 22 years, VCU Childoctorn's always doctorpped the ball.
It bothered me enough that I moved.
mama taking my phone away till june 8th ...
so ima try to go on my laptop everyday..
buhbye ..
.
Move in ready Homes   Try it out...
Great plans / Communities ...
As far as I know, it's only political donations that are disclosed.
You can give anonymous charitable donations.
GOPdoctornkinggame Update: When Paul says anything about foreign policy puff once.
The IRNE for best actress in a musical goes to...Audoctor McDonald in prod.
!
Congrats
It's .
First five correct answers will win a free cup of coffee.
So you're saying that there's hope at USATF  IAAF?
showing in towns tomorrow morning.
streeterville and gold coast.
my cilents 90 lb american bulldog sure limited our options!
Joy follows them like a shadow that never leaves them.
Reading the wrong numbers and wondering why something is taking so long
One of the advantages of having to work on a weekend in Alaska...being able to catch United live!!
I just don't think someone should be bashed for giving rights to women that some very well need.
Thanks!
We enjoy working here!
I know it's great.
Miss you!
4/21/1778J.
Banister: I do not mean to exclude patriotism...But...a greatlasting War can never be supported on this principle alone
Now I will say that charge on Barnes is highly debatable.
What's everyone doing this 3day weekend?
Think I'll take the fam up to Pyramid Lake.
Thanks to for all the travel  safety tips!
whoa just saw that pic.
How was that load of awesomeness??
I kind of want to buy one share of Facebook just to be that guy
Seems awfully fixed, but with that said.
I am already in the plus and have 2 months left on my Membership.
Appeareantly I am a Low life nigga but that means nothing coming from ah
Bring Back Ringer 22
RIP MCA...Hiphop has lost a true artist...sad, sad day :
Got a phenomenal story idea?
Send it to and I may appear in the Chicago Citizen!
congratulations!!!
You make us proud!
I Hated That Shit Hole To, I Hate To Leave Asap!!.
RT High Road by the scoop?
Yes ma'am.
At Brookhaven Farmer's Market all day.
Nah, we just need engineers to find new ways to sell the same cat pictures
Always remember, doctornk words are sober thoughts.
S/O to 305 ALL THE WAY LIVE
Sammy Sosa was there too
it's okay to visit memory lane, just don't live there .
you seem like you're into quotes so enjoy :
Touring Ironworks soon?
Facebook recently launched a new tool allowing you to tag our page in your photos!
Be sure to give it a whirl...
Tapping feet!
Attention follow launch coming soon...
also get a follow back from there twitter.
Blah!
:P
Sounds great, Chad!
Talk to you then!
The world of achievement has always belonged to the optimist.
J.
Harold Wilkins
coming very soon: the full schedule for this year's Marathon!
aw you say that to am your reviewers :.
I have enjoyed your work in the past, I am sure this is no different.
i was happy...
Every Rep.
debate is won by Obama.
The more they talk, the better I feel about 2012.
They should get candidate that literally doesn't speak
Who wants to go get some sushi tonight?
We have some interesting ideas about bringing you music!
Claims the Obama admin has been the same in terms of the war on terror as Bush are just plain wrong.
Just found you your Sunday afternoon activity and the answer to holiday gifts for the ladies....you can thank us later :....
I saw nicolette!:
she is the sweetest!
I'll get to be on board with her for a week.
I'm so excited!
Where are you going this time?
And how long?
Hours.
MF 11am to 4pm0
oh yeah!
Personal Accountability over sexual health is a choice, safe sex or not information is plentiful
Yeah, you looked pretty cute..
From far.
Article references NFL rule chgs, but how much have they a been intended to reduce; and b actually reduced concussions?
bo all your fault
aww well I'm sorry about that
When the hell did Dewey get a twitter?
Definately following now!
Phew.
I didn't think our age gap was that big.
I had my eyes closed and ears covered for half the movie the first time.
the Mktg Mgr.
with our partner told us about you so it would be great to have a follow up
coffee/tea or something next week?
schmooze good for the rest of us!
language is fluid and moving anyway, spoken grammar is too static for me!
3rd tweet.
doctorw believe.
You have talent.
Don't give up come back stronger.
I loved ur save me song.
That  Skyscraper made me cry
now on to a poster on red raven by
I trust him.
congrats!
: I'm so excited to announce I've accepted the newly created Security Outreach Manager position at Facebook!
Sweatpants day
Paul Gasol with the buzzer beater?
lol
that's on Izturis not Taylor...
If u don't support lesbians just unfollow me right now.....
WHY?
cuz biotch ima lesbian !!
I didn't even realize.
Happy Birthday!
RT : Happy birthday !!
Hope its spectacular.
We're participating in this year's PDPsi/LUL annual cookoff!
Look for us in Kogan  12 :
Found 2 bags of unopened okedoke popcorn
Going downtown this week during NATO.
Make sure you have your ID, you could be detained.
the department of education's default portfolio is north of 33 billion, last I heard
know12 Great discussion today with: looking forward to his keynote addoctorss tomorrow at Knowledge12.
i love it.
thank you so much.
made me cry.xoxo
Deleting evil spam mail:p
lol yaah , i change my number alot .
Nice phone my brother has it ;
good to meet you to.
You have a lot of books up there.
I've downloaded a sample of Blood Upon the Rose.
txt thanks and...
I dont think so...
Hi Kara!
Gr8t story about !
When u have time, pls check us out, , maybe we could be featured 1 day too :.
I'm gunna go with SF since I havent been out there.
My friend wants 2 do vegas 8/19.
Thinking on it.
Ok...as soon as you can execute melismatic runs as well as you can feel free to criticize his clearly nonexistent vocal talent
How sad Veronica!
We hope you can visit us soon.
aw, just entirely lost my blog post.
WHY, internet, WHY?!
You know what i really dont knoe .
im just pressinq buttons .
lol
She gotta pocket bubbler in her purse, but she keep it G n pack the bowl wit weed n let me hit first...
I need a women like that LOL
RT : RT : Dear PRs: When you send emails with my name in a different font than the body, I know you're playing the field.
Good morning :
you there?
A healthy dog or cat is no accident.
It takes a commitment form you to provide your pet a healthy lifestyle  reg.
Vet Care.
Let's go Packers.
Bring the trophy home.
I love you.
godbless to all
Keep em on they toes like a midget at the urinal
Glad to see Ron Paul wiped the floor with the rest on the answer scdebate, too bad is trying to blot him out.
I always listen To the subway song, when I am down it always makes me laugh!
:
and when did this become about Adidas?
No problem.
I want to hear you sing.
You have a youtube channel.
to all 700 of you, what are yall doing att this moment of reading this sentence ?
nothing..?
so go like Xspo music page
haha nice.
But I believe that was an insidejoke between  not me!
Still funny though.
Why do homework when u can slam a Vol?
thewolkenway RT : That play pretty much sums up Trae Golden's career.
Go Kevin!
iphones are amazing.
Nothing like a little Pandora to Pangea :D
How many of you guys actually knew that misterMojo Risin actually spells out Jim Morrison's name if you unscramble the letters
The People's Library returns to Liberty Plaza.
In search for a good book.
Librarians should thank god every day for Wikipedia
That just happened Big 12 is overrated.
you can get organic hot dogs.
They are low in calories, taste the same, have great nutrition, and you can see eat camping foods
that's only one of their houses!
But they're not snobby people by any means.
Totally uncharacteristic for DC elite.
Well that tweet just backfired pretty hard.
thinks its strawberries newport :
cause they are OLD
Okay, Rubio is for reals.
He's impacting the game in so many ways.
thank you for doing that!!
:
Hey !
Thanks for the follow.
We heard a rumor was at your place on Saturday ...
Any truth to that?
ThingsIDislike people that follow me on twitter after i blocked you on fb
New blogs on the Brewers Jerry Hairston, Jr.
trade and the shortstop market:
I really wanna go too :
I don't have Facebook, actually but if you DM me your name and addoctorss, I will send you a hard copy of Katelyn's album!
money is everything and nothing
calling the bestie tonight she better answer the phone!!!
If it ain't one thing it's another!
Air conditioning...85 degrees inside...still too early...so hot...utility bills...so hot...
Finally, back on track with my Tuesday assignments.
Except my notes but that's my benefits.
The doctor said Clinton was in good spirits after the procedure, which went very smoothly.
The perfect compromise!
My son was willing to sit in his stuff forever.
My darling girl squeals like a pig as soon as she's the least bit wet or dirty.
All my niggas animals I just brought a zoo
considering the fact that uuuuhh
A university education in Chile is proportionally the most expensive in the world: 3,400/year, whereas the average salary is 8,500/year
looking forward to meeting folks at
RT : Giving my World Civ 2 presentation this morning.
is bored!!
katelyn :
All This Hatin New Generation!!
WhenWillitStop !?!?!?
Who's your fitness/nutrition writer?
They should check out: Fitmapped!
New Yorkers need a directory resource like this!
.
Aw, honey, I don't know.
Probably sales related.
I met through work.
I'll look at it when I get home.
Calvary's Wizard of Oz play was incredible!
greatcast Going again tomorrow with !
Thinking you know the answer is as dangerous as not thinking about the possibility of no answers.
Thank you for sharing!
Autumn, I have not excitedly welcomed you, but the squash tonight may have just changed my tune.
How I adore fall fare.
S/O to Brandon Jacobs!
Dude 64 264 lbs just broke off a DB like Reggie Bush back at USC
4 schools were on lockdown during the search for the robbers, who crashed the getaway car into a pole.
UGLY PIECE OF SHIT!
When someone calls u up and u just mised their cal but u call right back and they don't answere.
what just happened did ya die?
Make sure you blow your shit up...we need a hommie thats a down to earth MAD famous celeb out there
Free Pro Mirror Video Analysis for all baseball  softball campers Sat  Sunday call Kent 617 645 1257 to reserve your spot...just like NYY
I can hear them too ;
I'm a little slow...but eventually I get it.
Foods here...I'll be back.
bet that
So looking forward to seeing you ladies tomorrow!
Haute
Pretty sure that's why they invented takeout.
Going to be TeamiPhone in less than a week.
Wait I ment yeahbuddy my bad.
We're a little weird, lifes a little weird, we find some1 whose weirdness is compatible, we join, fall in mutual weirdness  call it love.
MCA dying makes me feel old  38.
Where's a brilliant book agent when you need one?
well I missed the story completely.
how is sx treatin' you?
What skills do library paraprofessorssionals wish they knew?
What would help you do your job better, especially at a public library?
sweet!
I started bike riding over the summer.
Lost 60 lbs.
I did 2000 miles since June.
My new phase will be triathlons
Hope everyone's enjoying a great SpringBreak2012!
We're open today and tomorrow 7:30 a.m.
9 p.m.; closed Friday for CesarChavez day.
Following deadly plane crash in Montana.
FAA this a.m.
confirms 14 people on board.
7 kids.
All died in crash.
Latest details at 5:30
i don't treat em' i don't love em' i fuck em' with muh vans on.
It 99 degrees in Chi town
We are excited to announce the location of our new bookstore, Indy Reads Books.
It will be located at 911 Mass Avenue...
NF ; Follow BACK!
Looking fwd to today's Ceremonial  Exhibition at the American Academy of Arts  Letters.
Chuck Close's speech should be legendary!
New addition to the SOTU Seattle wadem doctornking game rules: When Obama says sputnik doctornk one sip!
flashbacks of Columbia, SC
Listening to students talk about cooking experiments gone awry.
We are too.
aspergers : I am happy that Parenthood will be back on Tuesdays at 10 p.m.
in the fall.
One silver lining.
UNC can't make a shot to save their life!
comeon!
I just realized that I have 666 tweets, so here's my 667th to uncurse my twitter
Fantastico.
How about you?
Eh screw it back to bed I go
Tweet doctorams!
So glad you liked this!
Those posters are the best!
I just want to find my comfort zone...and watch Cable Guy
Some women just amaze me.
Did it ever occur to you that some people might find you something less than delightful?
Beautiful Day!
Some niccas don't know where respect starts and bullshit ends!
In Class with Teenah :D
RT : Shout out to  for the continous love and support
Praying for Japan.
read thru for a feature that shoots in 2 weeks
1st gripe of the day: how hypocritical of Dwyane Wade to slyly comment on the Pacers celebrating yesterday.
He's one of the worst offenders.
god speed.
Can anyone identify the feet featured in our Facebook masthead?
They belong to a Northwest wandering troubadour.
My head cold turned into a chest cold....logic...none
OneThingILove is a bitch who can suck, fuck  shut the fuck up .
Dear Niners, Please WIN today!!!
I want to see you guys in the Super Bowl!
xx
so don't wait.
Be missional today.
I've never done anything to him but he treat me like I'm the enemy ...
But u love me right??
Smh!
how long will it take me to accumulate 2000 followers?
And what do I do with them when I get them???
It's not too late to sign up for Ballroom Dance Lessons classes start Tues Sept 1st.
Salsa lessons now available 70 per person 6 wks class!
no plans yet for saturday?!
Come on out to dirty tricks at 9 pm and follow us on our pub crawl!
if you like to wait a hour for a update and play against weak ass players online get a trey hahah
OMG!!!
That is definitely a sin against fashion.
Neither did Accorsi but even he made moves a few times that worked out ok, example Eli Manning.
Question: Does anyone get their carpets cleaned regularly by a professorssional service company?
Do you tip the guys who actually do the work?
Did she have The Voice?
happy birthday!
I hope you have an amazing day!
Xx :
Phins got schooled last night.
Next up are the Texans.
We haven't beat them yet.
Doesn't look too good for us.
Got to step it up.
Thanks!
April Fool's Day.
: A redheaded boy.
Adorable, naturally.
I'm forever yours, faithfully 
Sure will!!!!
What piercing did you get:
It's a quiet little tweet, but someone heard!
Yay!
Pandora just played Tupac's Changes and Bone Thugs N Harmony's The Crossroads back to back.
Quarter life crisis is definitely a thing.
I am in the middle of mine.
RT : last day in London Welcome back, Brendan!
We're walking chemical factories, the whole idea amazes me.
If it becomes a reality, expect hobos to start disappearing.
heard you are going to visit us in pdx next week!
Exciting!
Just came back from my favorite band's show!!
Way too excited to go to sleep!
:D
That reminds me of the song I Can't doctorve 55.
What used to take 2 hours now takes all day...
James E.
Webb Internship Prgm for Minority Snr Undergrad  Grad Students in Business  Public Admin.
Deadline Oct 1!
Details on the web!
totally enamored of my Magic Eraser.
If that's the apex of tangible nanotechnology in my lifetime, I'm cool with that.
I just love that our doctorver back to the airport does not understand English and doesn't understand roll down the window.
Both it's hot r ...
3WordsForYou Stop Playing Around !
the only good riverdancer is a legless riverdancer.

Still finalizing.
Will be posted soon.
Nice to know you care : 
mixtape wats that?: but i thinks its gonna be GREARRTT!!
:D
There's more lawsuit talking coming from Reno City Hall.
City Council saying Washoe withholding require payment to flood authority.
I'd definitely go then!!!:
Expect a catch up call here this weekend!
hey everyone, very soon, ScanMan will have an iOS robot brother: Itchy, the bot behind Gamers Itch!
Thanks for the shout out, guys!
See you soon.
really don't understand why some people leave the ugliest and most heinous pictures of themselves tagged on facebook
If you want to be successful, you must surround yourself with people who are where you want to be.
There is no flavor of ice cream better than Rocky Road
Congrats Michael!!
Not getting off that easy.
Christim made me feel betta about everything 
im bout to go to the club while yall fussin on here
Go to contacts; pick your contact; press edit; then scroll down to bottom and delete contact.
Viola!
Adobe's Creative Cloud subscription has been pushed back to May 11.
So excited about the work on the FSAOWI photo collection, looking forward to building off it!
Thx for a great event,
Lmfao RT : Dear food, either stop being delicious or stop making me fat.
You can no longer continue to do both.
Love, Me.
shout out to she's so dam beautiful!!
i'm here
Advice offered to me tonight: If you go home with somebody, and they don't have books, don't fuck 'em!
John Waters
u don't look sad to me.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!
Woo best game of all tonight, Franklin Cougars vs Coronado birdies, lets go Franklin!
RUT Hockey supports tonight at Promise Ball in San Antonio, TX
Tonight is night 1 of 3 that  join on tour.
How's it going ?
whew!
a day off to honor Veterans.
tomorrow is our happy hour with corporate sponsors  5pm  the Holding Company in Embarcadero 2
I want a German Shepard sobbadly I miss having one :
Arsenal doctorws.
Bara loses.
NEED Rashad Evans to take care of John Bones Jones.
speaking of instagram I need more followers people!Better be following me
God is real.
Today is His day.
We have had lots of success stories!
What test depends on what you are looking for.
See our DNA Wizard or call 8888062588
Yolo you obviously lack originality
Wishes I was at the Sav Stopover, and getting all pumped for SXSW.
Next year.
Next year.
Next year.
this made me smile :
feeling bummed 
U had them at D train :  RT : I'm so excited right now I'm crying!!!
The Client List just got picked up for season 2!!!
it's okay, I'm in love with that song....
Okay and Adam Levine....
not silencing kids  what is the reference on that?
: Swear I'm finna beat Cortez tall tail , if he don't stop throwing !
My new life motto: Handle every stressful situation like a dog.
If you can't eat it or play with it; just pee on it and walk away.
Loaded Landshark.
Best beer/doctornk!
Thanks!
May your Wednesday be as lovely as you are.
I recorded it today
Great weekend  Opening day, The Toys and dancing, tailgating with friends, dinner and the symphony, easter with family!
RT : hi!
Can a sick birthday gal get an RT to make her feel better?
Please and thank you!
Goodmorning Alex!!
I hope you have a wonderful day3
Ain't no one real anymore.
NO ONE 
offended half the staff with my spunky old broads display.
changed broads to gals.
any other librarians have issues like this?
I did!
That song is good.
Idk why I never got into them, I think it was Jonny Craig...
Finished a love type song.
Its only 1 verse  then the beat plays for the rest but it kinda gives a side of me not many ppl have seen b4.
You guys look good on the big screen!
who is she playing for ?
It's a windy day here at the Studios.
fantasmic will be interesting tonight!
Notice Dirk left the court immediatly.
No interviews.
no handshakes after being disrespected by lebron and wade
i love Saturdays you just get to sit around and do nothing .
you should look down from the booth...ha!
Friday Humor: Always remember, money isnt everything  but also remember to make a lot of it before talking such fool nonsense.Earl Wilson
I saw that same thing on Dimond!!!!!
Bummed I already bought all the Mothers Day things cause those are pretty!!
yes absolutely.!
Willy St when dowtown WF when in SW.
RT : Doing all errands under ten miles by foot or bike.
The game, True American, that they play on New Girl looks so funny.
Win a chance to see me live on May 1st, 2012 only on ustream, by emailing me your favorite song that i have done ever!
please follow me i had to make a new twitter
Just told someone I misplaced something whilst my inner George Carlin yells JUST SAY YOU FAKIN LOST IT!
: So good to see you, hope to see you out and about again soon!
:
ICantRespectYouIf you DISRESPECT God
I'm long for a swing trade.
Seems ripe for breakout
Solo dolo too high
oh okay
me too, assuming I get this slide done :
What2ChainzWouldSay Who'd give a fuck what id say
Somehow they always ruin a good day.
Going back to sleep
My favorite part of yesterday's City Club of Denver luncheon...
Denver City Auditor Dennis Gallagher's singing the Alfred Packer song!
Aw, shucks.
Just helped a student via our chat service.
Chat ended with: thank you so much!
as usual, the librarians at Langsdale rock!
That said, I can't be entirely dismissive of the basic question here.
on the 3rd hand, I don't eat too many peas anyhow...
Having an amazing week!
Worked on TheOffice  my 1st voiceover gig on Monday  looking forward to what the rest of the week has in store!
Oh, another good one RT A6.
Endangered animals
hi David, will take a look in a minute.
Thanks.
Although I'm not able to go, I'm going to blow up Twitter to request that ALL my Twitterfriends run to see RedTails this weekend!
Good lol RT : is that good, bad, or sarcastic???
Aw!
Don't be nervous!!
:D
Family Affair  Chuck Brown
bort,etry,ake down entire network?
before the playoffs started, would you have said Marc is better?
Pau had some tough games but delivered last night
If NY had not ponied up on War of 1812 funding: These communities were facing the possibility of missed opportunities for 1812 tourism.
I though i wasnt going to do this anymore...
When we ride its cool.
IM straight on you...BAMBOO
I'm doing very well thanks!
And thanks for the stars and compliment.
Facebook users will never click on ads because there is no gossip in them.
It's for friends.
Always have to ruin a good thing w/greed
lol I know I wish we could have known in advance though sheesh
hm, i suppose that is probably in the touristy category.
cancel that.
Happy international women's day!
: im so glad I had boys.
:b boys huh, what are their ages?
bc ur doin so good.
ur gonna b gettin a new house.
:
It takes two to make a thing go right.
It makes two to make it out of sight.
i always end up unsatisfied ;/
Abundance is not something we acquire.
It is something we tune into.
Wayne Dyer
On with new Patti Smith, Passion Pit, GBV, Pond, and Joey Ramone.
Plus ?
Bring it!
i'm happy 4 you.
Sad 4 me.
I'll have to check my squad out again.
Come try some of our delicious specials that Chef Louie has made just for you tonight!!
Big City Tavern....
Best on the Blvd!!!
I really can't make decisions, they're so hard.
YEAH I AM!!
HEAD SCRATCHER!
People of African descent allow the nword to be promoted.
Jews don't allow kike to be promoted at all.
Who has the power?
needs more beak.
and their white friend is very sarcastic and cool
2.
Yes to less hierarchy: hierarchy will begin to reinforce its own structure by hiring people to fill subordinate support roles.
ok why is Glee heading into a Lorena Bobbity type storyline?
by myself?o.o
oh!
That's awesome.
Thanks for the education.
ThingsMyBestFriendsDo make me laugh :
I'm interested to see what she sings tonight.
Praying so hard for you baby.
God has a plan for you I promise.
I love you so much.
3
All I Can Say Is PACERS!!!
Wow!!
Finally saw HungerGames and it was
Everything you need is within and around you.
Search within!
What's the chance of rain for the concert tonight?
Welcome Everyone and Happy Spurs Day!
Today  7:30pm the Spurs Play the Milwaukee Bucks at the AT Milwaukee Bucks on Yahoo!
Sports  News, S
am fully allocated with EPD.
would consider buying more if price breaks down between 48  50.
Good luck !
might not even see this Tweet.
; How's it shakin' in MN?
thank you :
Please help cheer me after last night's game.
Come see me at today at noon and say ahwoomets!
18 W.
18th St NYC
when was Fuentes' 'Aura' banned in Puerto Rican high schools?
Not 15 years ago in my all girls Catholic school.
Thank you teachers!
Heavy heavy heart tonight....
Really praying and thinking for and her mom and brothers...
Love you nerd!
Oops.
Wrong tag!
If you want to help me out, follow !!
My bad!
Thanks for the FF sugar booty
Mine are 3 and 2.
They get no say right now.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
Accessories, what?
RT rofl!
My boys wouldn't let me do that...:
not to be confused with meaningless which is a totally different word!
All my hip hop lovers listen up!
This Thursday at 7:30 we will be having a class with the talented !!
see you there!
Who is planning on joining us for Thanksgiving this year?
We'd love to have you at Grazie!
305.673.1312
you left at 7 for 'just dinner' but didn't come back till 11:15, that's why
Ugh the way I feel the last thing I wanna read bout is salmonella outbreaks
We only have 4 days left.
Seniors  who only have 1 class day next week are really struggling to focus right now.
even better!
See you at the finish!
Thanks!
Looks awesome.
Going to install and do some testing.
If I could persuade admin to pay for lidar as coll development .
.
And Garrison Keillor
Give me the Bells Seasonal Oberon.
Next step: Michigan schools to vote for age waiver for students with disabilities!!
Please spread the word to administrators!!
LetEmPlay.us
did you take your speaking exam?
going to get my shit to get a license next week.
i need that asap
If a player prays after a great play, do they owe residuals to Tebow?
Or does God get 10 percent?
I didn't recognize you with clothes on.
thanks cuz....how you been
We need a magazine interview our publicist is slipping smh
After sifting through many Mock doctorfts, it's easy to see the popular destination for C Peter Konz is the Baltimore Ravens in rd.
1
Truth.
RT You know you're at a good place in life when you can't relate to Adele.
None of us were on that floor tonite!!
Any fear of Gas/Food prices?
view Welcome video at www.downow.info I give 125 leads /wk enroll www.dowsite.info, my 's on site
Thomas Dybdahl is amazing.
umm....
This is wicked awesome.
You have a great story.
Painful, but seriously a great testimony.
I remember when 69 was only a number and we could eat a banana normally..
no autosave?
which version of word?
Bouta go ahead and see what this movie's like
It was wishful thinking, you can't blame me for doctoraming.
make sure to stop by we are tasting some amazing brunch wines!!
Moving stuff tonight.
Yay.
Sitting waiting over an hour for blood work!
Great way to start my Friday!
Boo!
And I still have to more appointments!
Last official day of classes.
lol, I have one on my arm!
What a coincidence.
Realizing it is Monday morning, blah
AYE ALL MY FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW DA HOMMIE ASAPER!!
I just received 3 texts that began with Random Question my friends definitely keep me on my toes!!!
Follow if you enjoy music.
From Foxboro to the Garden for game 6 of Celtics Hawks  feel like I'm living the day in the life of
Who is the best rap artist today?
I need to date the Jiffy Lube staff...
So cute
Not sure if Dirk was expecting a full 2 min of cheering.
He seemed a little uncomfortable!
oh yeah of course that pic is old last year lol
My lil girl is do evil when she wakes up..IF LOOKS CAN KILL.
I swear I would b dead.
Jersey shore all day erryday!
Livin the life right here.
movie around 7 or so.
Text me if you're free then :
didn't know you knew small world : Reunion on the terrace soon?
I gotta doctorve over for some fun in the sun!
I am having one helluva weekend  Ugh!
Man I'm tired and there still a lot of night left
lmao can't blame you haha, I'm obsessed with thriller and Billie jean
Need the instrumental from Forever On Some Fly Shit x Nipsey Hussle, Prod x THC.
Fascinating how trust can be such a big issue in everyone's life and situation.
Sometimes it's better to just trust yourself at all times.
keeping things fresh
Get me burnt!
like the QR Codes in Rembrandt gallery.
Are people using them?
sorry!!
I was at the store...it's crazy busy, I wasn't able to see ur tweet until now
Great!
I'm really excited about it :
some of the stuff on those wonka accounts are hilarious!
Tim Tebow vs.
the Terrible Towel !
no they wont
Luv the new linkedin 'People You Know' interface  except am denied a feeling of accomplishment by neverending list of peeps I could know!
don't worry I did!
Follows for Tree and elevated tracks also.
Why is this day going by so slow!
Omg
What is a boner
i need a life
Get ready for at Thursday!
OPEN BAR 10301130pm  COMP admission on our guest list!
Reply/DM us!
Something with a peplum, for sure.
By myself until Wednesday ,fucking wonderful.
Just had to let you know, I think your hat is AWESOME!
You wear it well.Again thank you for the follow.
GERRY KEATING AND NEIL KAMMILLER TONIGHT 6:00 WITH YOUR MUSICAL FAVORITES!
At smsportschat, excited to participate!
It was fun : Thanks for all you do!
RT : Thanks for coming to the show!
GOAL!
Delaware converts on the PP to make it 10.
Nice slapper from the slot.
Go get 'em girl!
Wish I was out there raging it up with you!
:
have a lot of fun : I might go to Defying Gravity today
For quality info and mobile brilliance i choose to follow the tweets of
Not more universally agreed upon: Try to buy coffee with it.
Anywhere.
It's a commodity, not currency, though oft confused for it.
no one cares what I'm doing everyday so why act like they do by tweeting it haha thanks for the twitter blast tho homie
Ashlee..
I love u
Dinner conversation...really, everyone needs a coach at sometime in their life.
I agree.
Ready to knock out this day at work
Damn they look salty
My favorite movies are the ones where everyone hugs naked.
But I hate when I need a credit card to become a member..
Thanks!
: I'll help trend Happy Anniversary misterand mister Ackles
THANK YOU SO MUCH
more doctornkable than what?
you already know then ima hire jason as my barber lol
I've been sober :/ shit sucks
RT : Give thanks to the LORD, for he is good; his love endures forever.
Psalm 118:29
Cutting off social networking until I finally get a lot of music done.
Had a long awsome night writing.
Ill be back soon ; god bless
Sometimes, life's just about the free burritos.
: Justin Bieber could hit any girl.
Aged 16 to 60...
me too!!
I once saw a CW diva gape in shock when not instantly recognized by a 1sttime attendee, but the WiFi meant we could Tweet it.
I need to talk to u soon...I have a idea..:
What sessions are you planning on attending today?
dirt road anthem will never get old!!
Great tune.
THANKS for following!
Go check out the photography, very nice.
Hire this dude for creative photos!
Someone play me in doctorw something trgill23
YES AND ...
Mitt Romney should just quit and try to find a way to get some of his money back.
It looks like hot topic threw up inside the .
Shoulda waited til later to come to this show.
Pretty sure I'm the oldest one here
Detroit gets a new resident, Twitter boost.
Thoughts?
?
?
aintnothingsexyabout guys with pants tht sg half way down their butt
morning!
everyone having a good spring break?
Whoo Hoo!!!!
Pedal tavern with our new friend Rachel All aboard!!
doctornks on Derek!!
The Doritos baby sling ad just made me LOL
Inside, with no note or direction was a carefully bubblewrapped piece of computer hardware the size of a blackberry.
It was wrapped with...
Don't over think.
You'll start to worry about stupid shit..
Its St.Patrick's day and its raining.
A mint cookiescream shake is a good way to enjoy it.
:
thanks so much!
are u getting my messages
cant believe i got outta that.
swear, cant hate me.
i rocked ur world.
Pipes and colons are your friends; separate content with those, not lines.
by the way, has he addoctorssed his AANS suspension yet?
inquiring minds want to know...
just be like baby I'm sorry but...
YOLO!
then chuck a deuce
I've used my heating pad so much lately it has now melded into my body.
44 teens at the Food Allergy conference!
A record!
Vogue Paris April 2012 : Doutzen Kroes by David Sims ...
My father is a spambot.
It was about time!
Took long enough...
RT Finally a smart move by mister Santorum.
Mickey Avalon, hustler hall of fame
Joe Paprocki will give tips from 7 Keys to Spiritual Wellness on WGN Chgo Morning News tomorrow in the 78 am CT hour.
Back fr.
air sensors workshop.
Every talk  10 minutes.
Last session  intensive discussion of concrete what's next actions.
Good meeting!
Besides all this..
I'm missing my wife..
My annoying, aggravating, poop, asshole wife  
I wanna go to Buzzard Billy's in Waco sometime.
I haven't been there in 20 years.
That prediction is bold as that tie/vest/jacket combo.
a lovely goal!
Just a few bucks a day
well thanks3;
Visited the Lincoln Tomb today, on the anniversary of the day he was shot.
Didn't plan it that way, but it was pretty cool to be there.
Happy First Day of Spring!
Be sure to check out to start planning your summer growth in your garden!
Have a wonderful Friday night, wherever it may take you and in whatever you do.
:
you can still fit it more fun Happy Birthday Eli !!
IL and Chicago politics are considered the most corrupt in the country.
Nice.
Hi, my name is Devri and I love you!
I don't care who you are or what you have done!
There's a story behind everything!
Thanks for following!
:
congratulations on graduation!
Come visit us!!
who the fuck were those guys ?
how was the print show?
took of my shoes, rolled up my pants, and walked home in the rain!
We're on guestlist
Ouch kind of harsh...be nice to
I wonder how many idiots are going to get high or say HAPPY BIRTHDAY BOB MARLEY!
When its NOT even his birthday.
GetYoFactsStraight 4/20
Fuck Rush Limbaugh.
He should die.
Much appreciatedenjoyed the followup ?
suggesting the candidate answer the ?
after their campaign talking points.
Hahaha bitch fell down an elevator shaft
how many times are we going to get yelled at ??
Is this prgrm problems?or tim problems!?
im gonna change my picture o and.i know how 2 please u cuz i can do things gud i learned about it in a playboy that i found in the woods XD
Oh didn't see that lol
Steve Cherundolo and Hannover 96 have advanced to the next round of the Europa League following their 31 agg defeat of Club Brugge
brushing my teeth.
And youu??
I've never been great at basketball but I'm fairly confident I could play for the Charlotte Bobcats.
Colin Klein Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Why are there fireworks going off in Miami?
Am I missing something fun?
we don't know why it took us so long to find you, but thank goodness we're following you now!
it is beautiful out D
Eli earned alot of respect from me because of his play at crunch time and big games this season.
That was alot of heat the 49ers put on Eli.
Taylor Swift you are Georges ;
; one of my hairs thinks your hot.
hello memphis
Me and my boy are about to make shit happen this summer
kinda like paint by the number?
and yet, we stay and we rep this lawless town HARD.
:
It would be great if you could do some video blogs!
I teach gender studies and could share with students
Hopefully not forever!
;
Fistball Lingo: Fistball is the English name for the sport.
It's Faustball in German, and Punhobol in Portuguese.
98 cappers posted today with 1 consensus on the Heat..Remember the cons.
now 177 on fades..See ya  the window
yeah, i know.
saves time on the road, eating healthy, saving money, how many more pros could there be!
Holy Holly Golightly!!
So true RT : I've come 2 find that no matter the topic people tend to ask/answer the questions they already know the answer to
can you follow me back
Looks like gas is about to break 4 here.
Dear Comcast  F YOU
My eyes are tired of blinking.
I need some god sleep
absolutely not.
we are on the same wave length, Debra.
Just about to Chris Andersen's house.
nuggets.
Already have seen officers in unmarked cars.
Brace yourselves.
Winter is coming.
11/11/11  wonder what good will come of this day!
No i am goin anorexic Fuck Diet !
that shit dont work lmfaoooooooo.
But i guess i ate something and now my fucking tummy hurts!
A Big Fat Greek Salad w a marinated chicken breast kabob
gotta love Sara :
I keep my besties around.
only about 2 weeks left of school :D
Will you be playing in NY or New England at all this year Sara?
I didn't make the PGA show and didn't get to chat with you
Thank you supporters for all the great food donations.
Big thanks to Radio Rahim and all the bands.
you love it!
the problem w doing 65 hours of freelance a week: ce n'est pas une semaine.
it's a long continuum of computerbusy.
Watching basketball always makes me want to hoop.
Andoctorw Yuck.
I'm all about PAC 12 love but idonlikeyou!
Prices vary by salon, but a haircut typically ranges between 1215.
Our Special Ministry Accepts Donations, and can be a tax write off for ya Be Blessed always.
www.barefootdoctormsofhouston.com
No awesome girl soccer game for me today.
Quit saying you're not perfect.
You are IN CHRIST.
And because He is PERFECTLY ACCEPTABLE to God SO ARE YOU!
1 Jn 4:17; Mt 3:17
Thanks for the RTs.
I really appreciate it.
Summer Berlin beer of thanks is forthcoming.
In the lab wit da gingerbread man
Is still in a lot of pain : a sprained shoulder is crappy, but pretty sure there's something else wrong with it.
Score now 3126.
Chargers lead.
one time we had practice during a tornado severe weather watch haha
goof morning miss free do have a good day
Storage space applications for summer/ fall 2011 due Friday, April 15th at 5 pm!
I call on President Obama to release Jonathan Pollard from prison 26 years is enough!
The man father died today and lets end this saga!
Make sure to doctornk at least 3 cups of unsweetened green tea a day!
It cleanses and rehydoctortes your body :
look at the dictionary by awesome u'll see my face!
What better way to make money on everyone's fears and nightmares
Sweet Debbie's Organic Muffiin Mix is in the works.
Just waiting for the graphic designer to finish up with packaging.
Damn.
It was a great season but nothing compared 2 future seasons  great prospects in the Panthers system.
did you know that marijuana can be paired like a fine wine?
Try Sour Diesel with a fruity Red Wine.
Whats Ya Fav Line From Best PG to Center ?????????
I think it's gettin to be about that time where I take my talents to somewhere a little more northern
Click on the professorle tab on the top, then click Edit professorle.
;
Come hang out with me at Santiago's in Yakima tonight for some music with Bill Brennen abd WD.
Margaritas and 3 part harmony.
Fun!
yep two dogs ahahah you
James Harden my second favorite player .
Today...
Smile at someone you don't know!
SMILES ARE CONTAGIOUS!!!
:
Are You Rollin ???
Bitch I Might Be
He was unreal!
RT : that cop from Orland Park was a douchebag!
WTF?!?!
Slacker is the best internet radio....Rev.
Timothy Wright radio
Today was just too crazy.
MY OPINION AND ITS FACT THAT UR BEAUTIFUIL AND GORGEOUS AND GOD DAMN SEXY
Jingle Bell Run this Sat Don't forget to take your reindeer antlers and your ugliest Christmas sweater :
looking forward to seeing you maana!
I love watching Best Ink
My future husband will learn the final dance from Dirty Dancing for our 1st dance at our wedding.
I feel like he's gonna be hard to find 
On my way to with LMFAO tix in hand.
18 to party tonight!
Hi people I do not got these days because my computer blew
You are about to have a magical day.
I can play outfield, I can DH!
Lol
It's a chilly day but we're open until 5:00pm.
Don't miss your last chance to see the Margarita Cabrera The Space In Between exhibit.
FREE
Blessed this wknd w/my Siesta's Touched by the Father, afresh, thru teaching  worship.
xxoo
arguing with you  being with someone else
720am and 625pm we do it
I don't mind making jokes, but I don't want to look like one.
stop being a twat.
Girl at store asked for a shopping bag at checkout but only bought bandaids.
That's enough evidence to assume she's a total psycho right?
Keep your head up, you look down to no one FavMovieQuote Ever After
smile, your beautiful :
MUSICREVIEWS Bombay Bicycle Club kick started their amazing set at Plymouth Pavilions with How Can You Swallow So Much Sleep.
FREE ALL AGES SHOW!!!
Next Tuesday June 21st, Wheelies/Red Hex/Si Si Si play the GO SKATE FESTIVAL at 8pm after the skateboard...
Absolutely...looking forward to more
hello wanna chat?
I really hate notes so much
quiet you :P
My friend and I are talking about her fav!
She wishes kim k would show her some 3 on twitter
me too, but I'm not the biggest fan of the way they get the scores.
It needs work in my opinion
Cuttin' some of that fresh POhDoubleU tomorrow!
Just got back from Europe last night.
Played three games of flag football today.
Recovering.
Relaxing.
:
that's alright :
Downtown Bellevue smells like the Nordstrom's fragrance section.
Families cope with loss after shootings
According to I SLEEP TALK IN SPANISH
To tell you baby It's you and only you and no one else And I'll mean it Even when I'm talking to myself
Astrology should never be confused with astrologers any more than law should be confused with lawyers...
Manly P.
Hall
Someone stole my lunch...efffffffffff.
message me your number anyways.
And where do you want us to meet you at?
BEAR Data Solutions Wins Cisco West Area Partner of the Year Award at Cisco Partner Summit 2012
lol sounds about right
gop divides  promotes HATE.
Party of all wrong values and party of the past.
humanright, freedom, peace progress scares
CARRIE IS NEXT!
design cut no beard 30 not doing full hear design .
40with beard or full head design.
FORGIVE ME FOR WANTING MORE THAN MEDIOCRITY
Thank you again
Make sure to follow I see u looking good.
cant wait for daytona in july.
I will be there.
Would love to go to dega someday
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus
I definitely have to agree!
Obsessed with peach and cut out blouses
39 pounds of grain going in the mash tun.
Who's brewing craftbeer today?
Hugo count: 5 out of 8

Great Info as always Frank!
I just wanna be happy
in time everything's gonna be alright please don't be sad tho
: Halftime: Kentucky 50, Indiana 47.
What a game!
If it stays this close, I may need CPR in the 2nd half!
Go Hoosiers!
blake griffin and pistol pete
WHOA!!!
RT : The Bills just released doctoryton Florence, per league source.
It makes me happy whenever you post mt lyrics..
Off to Harrisburg, PA.
As soon as they fix the plane
Mariah too!!!
Thankful I don't live in a box.
Happy Thanksgiving
: Hard not to hate Time Warner Cable...no matter what creative they run!
switch to
MoreFemalesShould stop lookin for love in let it find dem
I'm forming hate for everyone in this group tweet for not letting me sleep
Me: Mom when can I date?
Mom: When your 18.
Me: 18 my ah.
Mom: What did you say?!!
Me: Huh?
Nothing!
That's just how our Convo went.
Friday the 13th AND snowmageddon.....should make for an interesting day!
OMFG THIS CRAIG MARTIN SHIT IS GETTING ANNOYING IT WAS MADISON ND COURTNEY MADE A FAKE FB WITH A PIC OF AUSTIN MAHONE OKAY NOW STFU
So you rly are gonna get tht ?
You know how the minute Valentine's day is over, red and white wrapped chocolate is 75 off?
May 6th.
Margaritas.
Somebody make it happen.
You can call it Mile High all you want, but the stadium formerly known as Invesco Field will never be as good as THE Mile High Stadium!
Getting into the groove of a grey Friday here in
dinner was delish
Ive been thinking to much
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: no accidents to report yet on the roadways
You got a new appreciator of your art : likes Gonna be Alright it's his style all the way
Happy 18th Birthday to my daughter enjoy!!!
A grown ass woman now!!!
Love Pop!
high five 
I believe mister Goodell will doctorp one harsh punishment on the saints that will hurt them for years to come.
We are finally ready for sign up at: www.hypergate.com/
Update on last accident.
Hearing may be 3 vehicles with RTD Bus.
happy easter!:
Finally able to rest today......
oh thanks...we must definitely will
Shots?
RT : Someone at SOBCon should create a doctornking game for each time somebody uses the word Pivot
RIP Maurice Sendak
hahaha that was so funny!
with him 
Just received good news today.
Gotta put my talent to use.
In 1812, English poet Edward Lear, known for nonsensical verse like The Owl and the Pussycat, was born.
It's all for today!..
Doing another 1 soon : You guys make more question then True or False question.
Love it 3 Hahaha.
Xoxo 3
we tried siva!
TheWantedInWisconsin is too hard to trend right now :
Good Morning.
ha!
Just like Deb said, we'd be obsessed by the time we left.
When asked, what do you believe that no one else does?
said nuclear power generation
Getting excited for True Blood
I know.
Lost skill in this area
I've decided to stick with love.
Hate is too great a burden to bear.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
If the police are going to check immigration they need to check EVERYONES and only when stopping someone for something else!
nahh your right.
Keep being so awesome!
First Friday tonight!
Burlesque Hall of Fame for a bit, a visit to my photo show at the Arts Factory, and on to Blackbird!
Whattanite!
Shit just got real
let the ink flow begin
I'm the professorssional creeper hmu tiffles
I need a wine sponsor.
not personally, and not whine....
.
who has ideas?
just finished a full intermediate practice, now getting out into the wild blue yonder w/the 1st stop, Govinda's.
Barry Zito is the worst.
U are Awesome!!
:
At the vet with gremlin Lola
lol.
Yeah, was a joke!
happy valentines day boo 33333333 love youu
RT : On September 12, 2001, I don't think anyone could imagine this headline: Obama gets Osama
FREE PRINTING Business Cards with www.Rushflyerprinting.com
Keith Moon
I think we assume that parents' divorce won't impact kids nearly as much if the kids are adults, w/ families of their own.
SHAME SHAME.
without a doubt.
DM your FB info and we'll get you in some DAC organizing
Only the educated are free.
Yesterday I spent 5 hours doing massage at a 5K event to raise money for various causes of 9/11 victims
That's right.
You're leaving.
You know any other bikers that might be willing to put him up for a night?
Does she work at a bar?
I thot u were going to HH w/ her tonight.
My baby tore up my roses
whatever Dumbass maybe that's why your brother killed himself to get away from you faggot.
don't tell me that that's okay..
That ninja kick busts during his commercial is badass.
If baseball doesn't work out he may have a future in Kung fu.
FollowFriday because nobody is better at avoiding in person interaction :D
when should we have our Josh movie night?33
I'm going back to 505
yeah mine is acting crazy.
must be a bug.
How did the arena football league keep going?
's 'back in your arms' stuck in my head.
Ready to get bac make tht money.
Headed to the monthly meetup for Puget Soundarea librarians  friends  Library doctornk Resolvers
CENTER STAGE OPEN MIC COMPETITION LIVE  RED KIVA  April 15th and 22nd!
Just let me know.
I will help in anyway possible.
ThankYouSteve For making us better people and making us crazy for more technology
i don't see a difference in the road jerseys ...
taking a cue from Andy Warhol and acting like a machine today.
Very very happy to hear Nashville has the all clear after the storms.
Praying for Those who got hit in other states.
Here we go again...
Firefox 11 Release notes: Removed all plugin computability, increase memory leaks, incremented version number.
Anyone have uptodate stats on the number of iPads currently used in schools?
Modern complex mixes in classic
Yep  its a control thing
lol, well now it's gotten serious nail biting will start to commence
808prideGetin2noUs We r all sucku at school...sometimes
Did you know KeyMetric tracks phone calls  unlimited online conversions to the exact traffic source, ppc keyword  organic search query?
has a really big nose.
Gah!
You're killing me!
Exhibition Highlight of the Week: Ringgold, For the Womens House, 1971, Oil on canvas, 96 x 96 inches, Courtesy Rose M....
I got 3 new cameras, 2 polaroid and 1 kodak!
:D and an invisible men c:
Twitter seams quite today
Twitter?
Really?
I have a thing at 9.
Want to grab a doctornk before?
I worked hard and sacrificed to get what I get, ladies it ain't easy being independent.
Gia's mood was like an old man's ballsswinging wildly out of control.
brilliant line from Snooki's new novel, GORILLA BEACH
thank you!!!
no way....hands free while doctorving.
Free for the steering wheel that is...
Test fast, fail fast, adjust fast
Mystery of the day: Whatever happened to the  symbol?
Why don't we see it anymore?
Amped up about RedTails tonight.
Think I'm going to get my tic in 2 hrs or so!
someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning
it's 1148 pm here!
You are up early haha
g'night tweeter.
good convo
Wait a minute!
I haven't been to sleep yet!
wait...
never mind.
I see it now.
dubstep can dance?
My heart is so set on these plans working out...
He's making that alone.
I love you :
Why are the hands on Healy clocktower missing?
What up
I miss your smile
So when are YOU leaving?
okay okay it doesn't matter 
Props to whatever culinary genius created Dominoes Pacific veggie pizza.
Yum...
oh snap!
got my presentation down to 4:59sec if i can just emphasize exactly the same things and pace myself the same way, i'm golden
15peopleilove we should start talking more :
sure, might need to adjust sizing.thanks!!
UWMilwaukee School of Continuing Education instructor, Richard Hallberg, organized the Spanish Immersion day and tonight's activities for 
Hey there!
Teaching's almost done.
Wow.
How are you feeling about it?
I'm right there with you.
Yeah.
I need the hours anyway, but that's not cool/safe, especially on a Friday.
i really fuckin need you to cheer me up right now :/
OMG I love it!
We need to get together soon!
My toasted eggos were especially warm and crisp this morning.
I'm now adding chef to my list of talents.
I can't believe Dick Clark died..
Your vision should be a BHAG; a Big Hairy Audacious Goal.
Make it something that is really worth working for and accomplishing.
I love the name Liam
did u love wrestling and waffle house ?
ECHELON3000 Thursday HOUSEPARTY LIVE!!
LADIES
RT : No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent.
Abraham Lincoln
yep!
That's the hardest part for me tho.
lol
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
i have a balloon from my birthday a few weeks ago that hasn't popped yet...hehehe.
So tired
Awww, well rub one out!
Recommended to follow for this course.
ur a fool!!
I would love to hear them
Well I have two more days of finals then I'm off to Cabo for a week then to abbot a movie followed by my first personal training session ;
the dance was HOT.
Just got a call from the ABC store at Barracks Road about a reup of the Van Winkle 12year.
if you only knew ..
Actually 152K new followers, if he could eat while doctorving, would be good.
Adding you as a friend!
eagerly awaiting ir13 results...
Some cause happiness wherever they go.
Some, when they go!
Great to hear at, , that will start having tuesday retail soon
Jeff Mangum is spindlier than I'd imagined, but even lovelier than I could have doctoramed.
I don't think I have your number
So full of delicious food...thanks for being such an awesome host!
Need to know!
Wednesday is National Grilled Cheese Sandwich Day.
0 Love this.
Skillet?
ready.
Probably should have done a lot more homework this weekend..
dude we were mid conversation laughing gaging a good time she was like OK doctorp your pants....
thought i was in a porno
I can't even imagine how boring it must be to write a software user manual!
oh yeah did u see the fear in christians eyes ha ha
Word!
I totally agree.
You're spamming me!
You need to change ur password
shout out to for being my lone friend on snap chat lmfao
my sociallearn webinar concluded with an EARTH QUAKE IN MARYLAND!!!
Eat This Now: Flan  LA Weekly
I'm dying!
RT : I hate condoms, but I hate kids more.
i get that alot : RT is ugly 
Well, next time I get in an elevator, I will make sure to bring my ladder so I can climb at the same time :
sweet deal!!!!
We gotta skype to talk about this!!
:P
All i want for my bday is for to RT this or follow mee: its on Wednesday can I get a shoutout on that days vlogg??
WHERE ARE YOU GUYS?
I SAID I WOULD BE RIGHT BACK
How was your power lunch?
MT : Looking forward to business and lunch with at
How can I not get into a 506 person size class?
Nobody's going to doctorp?
you're an inspiration.
Beautiful , kind  smart.
Luv you Charzie
any good purchases today???
The mind is a superb instrument if used rightly.
Used wrongly, however, it becomes very destructive.
Eckhart Tolle
ok, Newt suspended his campaign.
that suggests he's coming back  some pt in time.
But, it's over.
Why don't they say I'm done?
Can't wait for tonight's game vs the Heat.
The whole corps received tix in recognition of their work.
Thanks !!
double team that guy.
Whoever first decided recitals on Sunday afternoons during football season was a good idea was a genius!
I just kayaked!
lolwhat?
:
PickUpLine: The word of the day is legs.
Let's go back to my place and spread the word.
this is cuddling weather 3
Thoughts on best new show?
Outsourced looks like it has potential, didn't like !
My Dad Says much.
Thug niggas never sweat these hoes.
Cause playas always get chose.
M just room my blankets out of the doctorer and they're warm and smell so Nice!
CanIBeHonestWithYOU sometimes i just cant take this shitjust need someone to talk to, but no one really understands...
And with zero governance, online is where conversations live on forever and get more stupider.
:
Dems want to move convention out of NC after anti gay marriage vote, but Charlotte has no unionized hotels.
Liberals don't care about that.
I want you to know that after that tweet I saw a slew of Suppans around the park tonight.
You can't be friends with everybody.
wants to know how much further the ESPN announcers can get their heads up the Vikings butts!
Thank you
around 9 i think.
95 of websites are leaving money on the table.
Are you leaving opportunities behind?
Are there leaks in your web presence?
I also struggle with Anxiety.
It's a really tough thing.
/
I agree.
Love when Jim busts Dwight's chops...so funny!
Ready For Football Season !
Enjoyed jamming to Cee Lo Green on Fri niteThx for a great concert  Thx to for hosting!
auambassadors.wordpress.com
hey i saw you last night!
my friend tried to give you her sunglasses haha!
that was an awesome performance!
:
That one Ex you wish never faded awAy....
Don't let your ego get too close to your position, so that if your position gets shot down, your ego doesn't go with it
hahahaha yes : that'd be awesome.
thanks love : can you tell I was super bored lol.
I hope ur working Thursday bc I wanna see ur face :
Ramirez doesn't want to wait til Oct.
25 to hear what's up w/ power plant demolition.
He wants it on agenda next wk.
Passes 31, Cox against
Omg impossible to sleep
iOS 5.1 now allows deletion of individual photos from photo stream.
Handy.
I was really hoping for mountains ...
Yes, please!
I'm going to be down your way every Tuesday.
I shall come by this coming Tuesday, 17th?
I can come at 12:30.
Oklahoma Home Repair is the expert you need for home repair and remodeling!
oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com or call us at 8212597
Thanks so much!
Glad to check this one off my list
3 I'm Cheyenne.
RT This 20pg ppr will not finish itself!
Blah!
Where are my magic hands?
a loss to Chaminade will do that.
I know it wasn't Chaminade, but I need to pretend it was at least a school I had heard of previously
Thank you for the follow!
follow back
Thanks so much, Marie!
Email sent.
Seems odd Fischer would gain 13 points in a week
shes not answering but i think its 35
I did.
I'll follow up RT : did you see the tweet from the MBTA wanted to know which trains didn't get charged?
Can you take heels to the doctor cleaners???
SeriousQuestion!!
forced that highquality whiskey on us.
I'm more likely to force on ppl.
Keep away from people who attempt to belittle your ambitions.
The really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
any suggestions for 56 days in Urumqi?
USA TODAY
one time i became bestfriends with this girl named teredactyl and she backstabbed me.
I think it's cute how girls are jealous of Selena.I always liked Justin Bieber because of his music.Not because he looks good.
you could have had plenty of mountains in northwest Arkansas!
lmao you so damn silly but I am mad.
I hate stuff like that.
This is gonna be EPIC.
Let's go NYR ...
take the devils out!
: its funny how ppl stay broke as a mf'n joke.
but got nerve to stick they noses where THEY AINT WANTED.
tell your friends to follow laughing buddha!
When the frenzy settles would love to discuss larger LA kids makerspace community plans!
investors seek 2 get on board 2 writeoff expense from venturecapital GoMedia stocks Vegan Rest.
Love Baseball Tonight talking about
Follow our favorite Catering Business in Chicago
Orange Juice with my brunch?
I always make people a priority.
They always make me an afterthought.
Find your passion become it and let it become you  good things happen to you for you  through you!
Miss New Jersey
But that's why we tweet at the beginning of a project!
I remember when was the same height as Bianca  now he is taller then Alessandoctor .
Sounds like ACC may be on verge of losing Florida State  possibly Miami to Big XII.
I still favor Clemson  GA Tech to
Just enjoying an ice cold on my balcony.
I hope we, the Kings, play Philly for the Cup!
A politician cannot get a job in a scientific institute, can he?
No.
If he was scientific, he wouldn't be a professorssional politician.
lol I'm good this dam hotel need one lol
first innout trip since relocating to SF.
i'm sure donna is pumped.
otp w/this bitch....
Someone buy me Best Coast's new album tomorrow 
happy easter
: we think you're fantastic  why no San Jose patch?
Overnight Prints.com has a contest, design thier new VIP logo and win 1,000!
OMG, my favorite artist of all times, Diana Ross just performed some of her greatest numbers at the wedding.
She still looks fab.
that was a joke for a friend in DC!
Meant to send it to her.
Lol!
I am still trying to figure out how to use Twitter!
:
Thanks for the follow and welcome to ,
wenyoubouttohavesex n the girl say i gotta go lol kill yo whole night lol.
WHEN R THEY GONNA SHOW THE HUNGER GAME SNEAK PEEK!!?!?!!!?!?!
I'm starting to get pissed!!!!!!
It's like getting your number called at a deli.
So exciting.
I love It would be sweet if I could dial 1900mixalot to order my next one.
If I bought no one would get it as a reason not to tweet something, would I ever tweet at all?
Your so hipster it hurts
I seem to have misplaced my pitcher of cheer.
Have you seen it?
Man, if you had a million dollars and I had a piece of gum, we'd be unstoppable!!
At least I've got lunch at the Modern to look forward to on this horrible rainy Friday.
Waiting in line for this movie!
Oh lord!
:/ better be worth it lol
Love you!!
And don't play too much!!!!!
3
Take a chance for the dice are loaded for winning or learning.
Aye fam its Rap.
How you been?
You in the Bay now?
customization options, widget inputs, etc.
but i'm completely web illiterate..
RT  Sometimes it takes time for people to know how good you are, just believe in yourself.....
I can't be satisfied.
Call 92KEVIN modernfamily 'we love the Fword' Classic!
If you want to win a race you have to go a little berserk.
thanks so much.
Holy cow.
I got 10 and a half hours of sleep last night.
Indeed, prevention is key.
But the issue belongs to all  parents, policy makers, schools, communities.
All responsible.
aw thanks.
:
RT : Please follow and RT new family owned sandwich shop opening in the Vegas Arts District
Hi, I will be available around 6 or so, if you'll still be home then?
I've been looking at the program and I don't think 1/2
Ugh Preach!
that's what I'd love to tell those people but will not waste my time on people who defend celebs like that..exactly.
he's a career 19 and 9 guy and those stats are inflated with 7 years playing for the raptors
Like I'm not a Broncos fan,I just really really really dislike Tom Brady so for this game I like Tebow,I'm a Giants fan:
Wet out there, doctor in here  come on up for some community connecting  cookies are always free just for YOU.
Butch Patrick will be at The Spirits of '76 Ghost Tour this Saturday, 10/9, from 7PM to 9PM.
Tickets at www.spiritsof76.com
Done.
That was fun I have better format now.
Appreciate it.
Soon to take on the RESPECT plan...
but that must wait 4 now
good thing we did our special video on Tuesday then!
curlyhair power
Swipeworks.com helps indie businesses with their credit,debt  gift card needs.
My dad is a asshole...smh
Ugh this.
: I always regret eating mcdonalds
haha besides you of course Owen
we will be getting coney dogs again tonight.
They were awesome last night.
Glad your were open that late for night workers.
Never underestimate the power of collaboration.
It is a very effective strategy 4 companies who target same market w/ different products.
Got an acting bug,going to audition tomorrow.
Survived a group interview for my master's program this morning, I think that deserves a margarita tonight right?
:
Appreciate the RT!
RT It's Wine Wednesday at Pintxo.
10 off bottles!
Enjoy a FREE afternoon of fun Saturday, April 2, on Morena Blvd 4100 block of Ashton St, showing the movie Its a Wild, Wild, Wild World
Yes...On the Today Show summer concert this Thurs.
morning...
sounds like our maps.
I could help fix them now!
hahaha.
Possible breakthrough in case of Chinese activist  CNN
getting ready for tonight..
Hah!
Mhm.
xD They all say you can be a cat?
On there..and like, cut peoples bodies up..I DONT EVEN KNOW
so I'm going over tonight right?
;
This is good to know!
RT : People who chomped gum for only 5 minutes improved scores on tests of memory  cognition...
Dear I think I just gave you credit for someone's work.
Might as well go with it.
This kind of thing happens all the time.
Gotta find a Prom date now....
Watch Britney And Demi Officially Announce Their X Factor Gig!
well thanks for the kind words!
thanks for following us!
if you can make it out to a show then please do!
Your gonna forget, and your a clippers fan too?
:
I am posting a new chapter of Love me...
Or love me not.
I need to finish that story and it's been legit MONTHS.
All the way since December!
It is absolutely defeaning in here.
I couldn't hear the second half of the anthem.
Today: grade my 111 P9s, grade all quizzes, and sync my grade book with Blackboard.
sinceimbeinghonest awp2012 is a 1st rate or supporting lit endeavors in this great city.
are you a lit org here?
follow 'em
I know I'm a day or two late but you have the best ff's by far haha.
Thank you!!
;
Realtors: Two Web Domains For Sale www.LasVegasCityLiving.com  www.VegasCityLiving.com
is just like starbucks coffee, if i dont get some of it, im pissed for the rest of the day ;D
I'm waiting for Alex Olanov to swing by.
They do that at W Balt a lot.
Probably an exercise.
Boo, no matches on speed dating.
:
can you believe this!!!!
I've never missed an election though.
I'd feel weird not voting.
RT : buys plastic plants for campaign events at Michaels, on taxpayers dime
There is a BIG difference between killing bin laden and pursuing a foreign policy of appeasement!
we don't owe ANY apologies!
Be in prayer for the Wesley.
We have had a big flood that has caused some damage to our building.
IT'S OVER
Lol she just another fan .
Setting up a website with free hip hop beats for all!!!!
The hard doctorve in my DishHD box has gone kaput and we will have no TV access till maybe Tuesday?
Tell me my DVR stuff is ok!
I am in the worst fucking mood of my life, so its probably best that everyone stay away from me.....
when BBC1, 2, ITV, CH4 and Five were the only channels on tv!!
Yeah I still think about you...
do u think about me
I saw that earlier this week.
It looks like a first year student's type exploration What were they thinking, if anything!?
At The Sweat Spot watching dancers in awe.
Amazeeeng.
Music Video dance routine up next....
Yes.
My wife could have had any man she pleased
People coming from Wikipedia to museum sites spend more time on the museum sites.
'They are good customers to have.'  Liam
bet!!
I'll whoop you.
Bring it!
True elegance  stellar service today
Warm up and doctor off have a bowl of our mushroom soup!
I've watched all of your videos : your just amazing, and have so much talent.
I love you
Lol Malibu's Most Wanted Run Bitch He Gonna Kill You!
RT : Don't give up on what God has called you to do.
The end result is worth the pain.
No, unfortunately we do not have a bookstore in Cottonwood Mall.
I want EVERY moment to be a first for the characters if not,then everything's mechanic...learning from the best
of course they are, because 1D is still a new band.
hell no.....lol
Loovvee the smell of weed
Get to see and hang out with some old friends Friday.
Super stoked :D
Worked out for a few hours and now at the library doing homework; I feel very accomplished.
Thanks for the RT!
Are you excited for the season to begin?!
I loovveee how my mommy coupons!
Ah I don't feel good :
thanks for the follow
I want some food, I'm hungry!
tanks so much,really :
Do you also get offers for creating Baby cards ?
cant wait to see my long lost love Nicky hass yay :
Goodbye Mavericks , new champion will be crown in June
and then sessions blows by him for an easy layup
Youre spring cleaning and come across an old ticket from an amazing concert  what show was it?
Finally only 15 min till glee ..
The wait is now over and I'm so excited!!
This is a day born for champions
I think someone's messing around with your Twitter account :
I know, but I'm glad!!
Remembering that you're going 2 die is the best way to avoid the trap of thinking you have something 2 lose.
Steve Jobs
Thanks for the retweet!
We're 21 Friday  Sunday after 8PM and we're all ages before that :
Lol!
RT that guy from lady a is TALL!
My wife sees me reading True Enough by , says to me: Huh  a manJew reading Manjoo.
idk how to explain.
Umm...
I listen to pop, rap, hiphop and more.
But I don't listen to screamo, rock, metal, or country
Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.
George S Patton

reply circle jerk.
Thank you, Donovan!
ABC thanks for showing that Bynum tip in 10 times, but not Gallinari's sweet baseline spin on Kobe.
I'm confused..
Read interesting piece...why complain about the Olympics for when we can build a tactical style that makes us attractive globally?
Octoberfest Dinner at Old Europe with the family was super good
TV  homework.
Every time.
Actually vodka tastes like the smell of nail polish remover..
: In the DDS office about to hyperventilate already.
You can do it!
Austin Mahoneeeee is SO sexy.
I'm here 4 u papi :
Success is getting up just one more time than you fall down.
me too!
Almost no traffic getting out to Long Island.
And almost no traffic going towards the city.
Thanks for the link  perfect timing right?
I see you are learning...
yeah and yesterday.
I was thinking the same thing.
I'm LOVING the doodle today.
Murakami never fails to bring the happycrazycute
I font care what says, its gay if its in a 3 way
Acting stuck up won't get you no where with me.
It isn't cute.
Now I know I'm doing something right.
:
Sweet baby jesus.
:333 thank's
We'd love for you to join our community while you're at it!
You can sign up through LinkedIn too.
I just walked into my sisters school and got free breakfast.
Teaching bums across the world!!
he's probably some baseball player but whatevs!!
You can be addicted to a certain kind of sadness.
Sadly, I have all the code year lessons just sitting in a gmail folder.
Like a douche.
RT If you see nerds w/ badges in SF this week, approach slowly  remember: they're more afraid of u than you are of them.
RT:Shopko had a strong pharmacy program, weaker in store.
The launched Fill 10 perscriptions and get a 10 GC le360,
thanks for the follow
Also amazing?
Moms.
Yours, mine, current moms, future moms.
All of them.
Happy Mother's Day!
Dont let the noise of others opinions doctorwn out your own inner voice
How we approach death depends greatly upon our fear of life..
Quote from Hospice material.
They are blessed and a great blessing.
I just can't believe that Mike Smith is playing this well.
He's unreal right now.
Love it.
We've started with reasons u might want to work w researchers.
Preaching to choir?
Cool day on the set of an indie short film...I was a robot!
I know I don't!
Win a free iPad2 tonight ......
Fun and Free....www.playffnow.com
wow you are beautiful God Bless You.
That's exactly how I'm feeling.
Why do crappy things have to happen?
looking for rails folks in the bay area.
api experience is a major plus.
great team with exciting work!
contact me for details
woohoo!!
Just got back to the 305, love coming home to good news!!!
:
HappyBirthdaySamPuckett!
I love
I loved The Dip.
Freak Nasty is a musical genius.
He WannaLick The Icing Off  ;
...sure are only post my tweets no repies or retweets...
It should be in the iTunes on the laptop at your place.
Search for commix or fabriclive 44
time to follow around everywhere now ;D
I feel like a laugh im gonna post some jokes...okay...okay!!
Here we go!
Ahh crap the dog came to me with a beer again!
Dang it!
Watching Dancing with the Stars on On Demand :
What phone service does James Cameron have that he can tweet from the bottom of the ocean?
Packed two sets of letters for theme hours, can't wait to get etacrazy with all up in this marathon
and his body is like WOAH DERE!
BABY YOU BE LOOKING FINE
I think the reward for conformity is that everyone likes you except yourself.
Pacers vs Heat could be a good series
My family is so crazy.
Blessed lovethem 
You seriously had the nerve to go through my whole phone
lmao oh shawty went hard huh..
I'm gonna let you win this one..
Just cause
working on a new release: Rock Candy by Jen Vernonedgy, feminist poetry from Washington's logging country.
CRAZY, DJ Spaz Tonite at The Place...Bartenders Andoctor Haynes,Heather Hayes and Krystal will be leading the charge...
Shonn Greene, Adoctoran Peterson, Greg Jennings, James Starks hurt this week on my FF team.
McFadden and A.J.
Green already hurt and on bench.
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job.Jim Rohn
lol and I go to Holmes :
I finished watching BSG for the first time a few days ago.
I'm going through withdoctorwal.
Almost tempted to start rewatching the series.
RT : Looking forward to tonights gig at The Ivories 1435 NW Flanders St.
Starts at 8:30.
Freddie Hubbard this is for you!
follow me  pretty please?
:
somebody pray for
All producers, writers, video directors  please send submissions to .
We will definitely check it out.
gone 4 th day 2day is bingo  fall rice krispy treats krispy treats w/ candy corn choco chips  marshmallows
haha much better lol : i was kidding but thanks giirl!.
i will now proceed to block you
I'm excited to see Adele perform
Subtitles of this movie are available in Thai, Korean, Chinese, And French....
Wat
Please Please follow2 back :o!!
I can't wait for you to get back in the kitchen and cook those goddamn sausages
oh?
hi then:
when life throws you acurve, hit it outta the park.
Always believe you can.
I know!!!
SO EXCITED!
Even Jason messes up!
LOL He just told the story of mixing up our guests this week.
Thanks to both Peters for your senses of humor!
Fitness Be the first to get exclusive access to our website by entering your email on our website...No spam we promise!
i just blew my nose and almost blacked out.
things are looking up!
Anderson, Ryan Chell RadioBAL.
Great M.
Phelps piece!
Any chance we can chat w/you onair?
Email thx!
Correction: CityLife piece to run on Dec.
15.
I can't see that emoji iPhone symbol
RT : The Deeper the connection, the deeper the affection.
Aquarius loves affection
But the way I understand it there are 6 avengers, right?
Why do I only ever see 4 on the promotional shit and other t.v.
ads?
These dudes jus took my homeboy ball , now its my business
then buy one and mhmmm smh
Thanks for spending your last day with and me.
Safe travels!
I shouldn't expect so much because when I expect something i get hurt or disappointed :
Yes.
Letters to the editor are my favorite part of any publication, and tart responses are like choc syrup on my ice cream.
Delicious menu tonight in the resto.
Res  8314256737!
RT : Monterey Spot Prawn  Bay Scallop Ceviche on the menu tonight!
panerabread is open in manhattan!!!
This weather 
Suite of approaches that many bloggers take: Internet archive, backup services, export tools, stored in many locations
you can join next week 9 pm every Thursday.
I recommend using Tweetchat because it will make it a lot easier/faster
RT : Peanut butter and crack sandwich ideas?
Lol Yea To Through The Feds Off
Director Neil Stanley of DYRS is testifying now at the DYRS budget oversight hearing.
Good luck tonight, Britain.
I need a Snuggie for work, it's always 4 degrees in my office
Dear Emma, well..i LOVE your BG!!!
hahah!
your really pretty and you RT me alot so i thank you for that to!
:
An enormous mosquito just smashed into my windshield, meaning there is now some random citizen's blood on there.
Girls, there's a fine line between wearing makeup or just looking like you got gang banged by Crayola.
No matter how carefully you choose your words, they'll always end up being twisted by others.
yes please!
What are you doing Thursday?
Want to go to a performance at the ?
Will be at the crib today
When a good thing goes bad it's not the end of world.
Wow jus saw ur pix/post on it if you want to do some investigative work find the REAL owners of 2250 38th St SE
prom episode on glee 
I think they got ointment for that...
...
Those little bumps on your neck.
Hahahahahahaha.
But I now see  understand It takes more than a mile...
More than a pair of shoes...
It takes much more...
Continued next tweet
Gotta get ready.
Then off to the doctors :/
i'm about to service you with my hiphop recording artist precise dj pack for his single it's on me
bro you know I am just going to buy out every time.
Lol
HAPPY 13th WEDDING ANNIVERSARY!!!!!!!
CA should take a lesson from Texas  doing NOTHING for your citizens  balanced budgets...
Yes'm.
Thanks for the support everyone!
Much love xoxoxoxo
I will enjoy it
im cool...hate that I have to work thanksgiving though...next time I see u, u should buy my cd...it's only 5...
These are written that you may believe that Jesus is the Messiah the Son of God  that by believing you may have life in his name.
Jn 20:31
FINALLY getting around to designing the name for new boat!
that was Tball, it was almost too easy
Today someone somewhere is saying, Sheet music?
'Notes' on 'paper'?
How...quaint.
no, but this is!
You don't deserve them, I mean you eat carbs, for Chrissake!
back atcha!
Great job Waynflete crew
a real track record on early childhood development.
She knows budget is devastating for anyone who cares about kids.
I've been eating like crap  my body is making it know that it's over it.
Anyone do a juice cleanse or detox that doesn't kill energy?
Ahaha , ily too !
yeaah i gotta see what im doing afterwards thoughh !
Hi my name is Jenn and I'm a sugar addict.
you better eat that billy goat!
im officially too doctornk to doctorve bahahah
Any used mantis tiller sale shall compare borne from the ...
Why is such a bum
Thanks to all Bricktown Shuttle riders last night!
Glad to deliver you back to Norman safely.
Why doctornk and doctorve when you can ride the bus?
Q5 Don't know if we can talk administration into video games.
But I want to host at least a board game thing for NGLD!
ah you're one of those people.
Maybe you shouldn't sleep so close to other people's feet then ;
RT You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.
James Miles
Beyond excited to say has acquired a book that is a join effort between and cc:
Lmfaoo isabel got me dying!!!!!
She said tht girl is a squirrel!!!!
Noah from Subject Poker made it clear on 22 that the current long delay doesn't have to do with Jesus' demands but could if followed throug
Ran into a former student yesterday.
Said she got her job because of my php class.
Best compliment I've ever had.
You're a weirdo.
But I love you so much!
I just can't with this anymore.
About to perform at Phillip Randolph Middle School in Harlem
looks like it's back up
bare with me...
I'm a blond.
It mutes them as in you can't see their post any longer?
you know I love you 
Weenick from city: lots of uncertainty in budget from commonwealth
PARANOID.
Help me.
I just wanna play video games all day, what's the point of work..
Hydoctortion is key not only to performance but to body functioning in general, make sure you are hydoctorted daily and replace fluids lost!
yea!!!!!
Can't wait to see you both.
Miss you too!
Bronze refers to low cost plan for catastrophic care.
The article said neither side in SCOTUS hearings was aware of it.
louie is a great show he is well underrated
Poon must didn't see that info I said ima put up because if he did he wouldn't still be tweeting lol.
Indeed!
; RT : Isn't she, though?
RT : silly girl
Look for at Gardenscape 2011, the Rochester Flower Show  We are the FIRST display on the Left as you enter the Dome.
Can we please blow this up...
Its starting to hurt.
RipCity Blazers 

I just sent 4 ugly pictures to TIS A PROUD DAY!
FF Probably funny even if you don't have a toddler.
Oh, and it was up hill both ways in blizzard like snow?
RT : When you fall for someone's personality, everything about them becomes beautiful.
about strangers.
First Lil Ugly track I ever heard was Bitch I'm Lugubrious.
oh, and congrats!
Hit me Ill hit u back show love Ill show love back only get what u give if U ignore me Ill do the same Iwill not hold ur prob
: Bitch I look like Goku!
Lies.
Pet fiesta in Reston on Saturday!
Going to scout out the potential new bffs :
I have an idea r u ready to hear ?
The Blazers looked great last night!
It should be a fun season.
Im cooking dinner tonight, my family is gonna thank me for this one!
Follow P.Goods
yeah it's so difficult..
Are we gonna grind?
;
thanks for the retweet!
:
Henry Cotto is fighting Mayweather?
Awesome!
Ole number 28 was a favorite!
Printing Specials this week.....5000 Business Cards Only 99  Call 1800PRINTING in NYC ONLY
umm I'm not sure probably at the place where the fair grounds is??
Or UNM
Taylor swift song where she says she loves the gap between your teeth....
wtf is wrong with you
I always miss this city before I leave.
Got it.
Thanks!
Crashing an elemnentary schools carnival,
And we thank you wishing you the best of luck in the MLS!
We'll be keeping an eye on you, do us proud!
An open mind is a healthy mind.
This movie, Gia is so sad :
NO.
The Devil Inside.
Just NO.
will begin 15 minutes of meditation in 1 minute with
We are looking for promoters for Friday nights at West End Johnnies.
Get paid to party!
Rob, as the picture says.
D.
C.
Everest HS not schofield, wi.
It's located in Just a little thing
Are the 311 requests only received by tweet, or is system set up so that the 311 voice feed also show up as tweets?
ala
It definitely isn't a comment rooted in the Bible, but rather one rooted in fear and anger.
I would seriously do anything for you.
Right on, lemme know what you think of both films.
I do things for a reason.
Not to act cool or impress people.
If seeing THE DEEP BLUE SEA with Terrence Davies in attendance can't revive me from burnout, I may as well start watching Breaking Bad.
Try all you want, it won't work :
Bob Dylan Turns 70 And He's Still Rocking Like A Rolling Stone
Congrats!
Another fertility patient is pregnant following the soon to be released Yes You Can Get Pregnant Diet.
I like twitter but wish I could choose which tweets are public  which are friendsonly.
they call my mom coz I exhaust of a class hahaha :P
Excited to know a child in need will receive a pair of new shoes because I just purchased TOMS Shoes.
miss you too my friend.
I'll be back before you know it!
We love those boys in Concepts : Go show them some love 3
you should...
When you hear the voice of your leader, you'll slobber all over his nuts..
He'll like that
Just found out we can put pics lol
We love you too !
teamIntensity :
Neighborhood Association  message everyone wherever they are when there is an emergency.
Neither are meds.
Vegans support animalfree medication, but it's not always available and some people need it NOW.
Recent LA Casting alert: need size 8 to 10 curvy having a harder time finding women to fit in the clothes Only in LA in this a problem.
You can tell from the way they're holding their tails!
Heyy sexy dm me!!
Baby I want to have a chat!!
Babe I kno u want some of this mhmmmmmm!!
for sure.
Most tech companies should have no prob working from home anyway!
Celtic Wilcox to have heart surgery...
will miss the rest of the season.
2 many heart problems for 1 org.
Must be that dirty water.
My door was shut for a reason, don't forge to close it on your way out.
did you ever get my message?
Wish this cab doctorver would stop eating n fucking doctorve this car!!!!!
I guess we can agree that this year it's poolitzer.
RT Well, I guess today wasn't the day I made it big either.
The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn
people need how to take jokes
I hear you.
I was wondering what I should do about getting up earlier so I don't skate out at the last minute.
I want to say to Jay z happy happy happy birthday I wish u the best birthday ever I love uu and happy birthday
Just finished Race For The Cure, great turnout everybody!
Up to 65 off!!!
FURNITURE SALE !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Hell Naw, He looks like he went to school with George Zimmerman
How do you giveeveryday?
uk iu will I will tell him to keep on
You sweetheart!
All good.
Very mild in NYC.
Only a few downed trees.
Kept electric at a minimum.
Lol Okay Call Me !
More chocolates coming into the studio soon...
I'll remember to keep my hands off my subjects ;
Today's meal is ice cream with chocolate sauce from Moonstruck.
Pseudospring has arrived.
People walking around coatless, even.
is a house really a home,some body help me
I am!
In town for 's wedding last night.
Leaving Tues.
doctornk tom??
Love you to 
We would love to have you as part of the Pack!
Freaking hott Beau on Jeopardy just won again.
Get to see him again tomorrow.
Yes.
In short, cooties.
Pray  Still listening to this
Great finish !
Way to go, Maggs!
Ya Know I Want You And I Need You...
But Yer Just A One Night Stand: 3
Took a twitter vacation for my birthday.
It was nice enough, though I'm still puzzling over why mom bought me a headlamp.
BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I hated to eat my vegetables.
Now, I hate it when my vegetables talk to me
I miss you following me!
Could you refollow me?
Wonderful moderating / interview by on socialgood looking forward to more at the in April!
lol depends :P maybe if u say something like....RAMON IS HOT AND I LOVE HIM!!!!
3 LMFAO something like that ;
Damn!
That dude cleans up good!
I didn't forget about you!
don't think I did!
I'm helping my mom with ms wonder lake stuff
AHAHAHA oh i wish it were that noahs ark!!
that would be pure bliss!!
Yesh o.o
O they're fab!
case?
enjoy
sick.....
again.....
hahaha I suck and I feel bad for you!
but I just burped so that's pretty vool
i dont want this to ruin the rest of my day :
Yo follow I mean really follow that cat!
Stop following dumb cats...step up ur listening
I lava challenge  Sir Richard Branson Unveils 'Virgin Volcanic'
Feels like I have been all I can be for today folks : Sure have enjoyed this week with our SOT community.
You guys are the best
Finna head to my p o and I hope this nigga dont be a hoe today
.
Please take a look at my emailed request for reciprocal status match on MileagePlus.
Thanks.
1 day my last printer literally just stopped printing.
so strange.
chip makes sense now.
Who else had this prob w/ other devices?
I may be too late for the FNCwordwar by now, m'dear.
But enjoy your retreat evening!
:
What was the old low point?
Please follow em I love You 
HAHA LOVE IT!
Can you send me your ShelfLister URL?
Repeat anything often enough and it will start to become you.
I have no idea, but would guess it's related to the amount of money it takes to make a movie  showing professort made.
Want to build new networks?
Actively shape your job description.
for the record I don't have any problems with females in any position of authority.
It adds a balance.
i'll finish my hw later.
Holy shit!
What a win by Alan Belcher.
GhettoHalloweenTreats coupons to Checkers
I think so.
I've got an 8:00 soccer game, but I should be free after that.
Not sure this spice stuff stacks up to the real thing.
Seems pretty weak.
yeah season 10 of ncis is coming our way..I am a hppy camper now if we can get manning out of denver i will be more of a happy camper

I like this as well.
One step out from a a map is to say the fully general associative structure is a graph.
Yeah dude thanks.
I like this one better Michelle becauae it's easier to see the Lady on the motorcycle.
Xoxo Gotta go now, bye!
Xoxo
Based on the map, yes.
Happy Hanukkah  as Shyne says, you have a Jewish neshama  you're nice on the doctoridel!
I'm also working on a model train layout with my neighbor.
It's an Nscale layout using the Kato Unitrak system.
Peter
Why does Mexican food in TX have to be so damn good?!
LA Fitness, you are my savior..
I hate making lists!
and yes...i know...ANOTHER day off for
heading out, GN all
Thanks, Alice.
That makes two of us!
Hahaha!
:
I have a feeling that Justins performance is gonna be awesome since he spent so much time rehearsing for it.
Probably lots of dancing.
RT : I am somebody.
I am me.
And I don't need anybody to make me somebody.
Louis L'Amore
Follow Back Please!!
That sound you hear is the other NHL teams wishing they had as good an open as the
LMAO MY NEW YORK KNICKS IS KILLIN THEM OVERRATED MAGIC!
two of my fav peeps : You guys look gr8!
Never mind.
Found 'em!
re: discussion ??
for High Fidelity.
Yay!
Just got my copy of AtLeftBrainTurnRight by Can't wait to start reading it!
I just watched Jordin and Mike, that was a great promo piece for the movie.
Keep those promos coming.
Still runnin' on 3 hours of sleep.
Totally crash landing soon.
snore
Time for some awesome doctornks with awesome people celebrating our awesomeness.
Hey , giving Grandma Beverly my phone number was such a good idea.
Thanks for having such an adorable family.
im in a doctorke mood .
you really should!
I was the same way but now I feel so great and it's only my 3rd day!
congrats on buying a home!
Hope to see you at our future events.
RTHT Go check out !
Merry Christmas to you and your family.
Most def RT : Kicked like old times with my guy this weekend.
Real friendships never change.
I hadn't heard that Vernazza had flooded in October.
One of my favorite places.
Good luck to the residents as they rebuild.
great show
that's awesome!
Can I get 5 people to follow ?
She needs 5 more people for 17,000  she follows back if you ask nice :
you're all honestly so rude.
don't comment when you don't know what's happening
then the answer is yes
Intellectual rebellion is paradisaical Earth.
I do so look forward to hearing about your flights.
It's almost like being there.
And I do love to fly.
Thanks.
No, really.
GIRL YES HE iS !!!
GUNNA HAVE A BLAST !
BEST DAY EVER
Lost half my stack by playing bad.
6kish with blinds at 50/100.
I'm going to start playing good now.
Just coughing that isn't sick lol
Ill be by your side, you know ill take your hand.
3
I like it!
Ordered one of them new unlocked Nexus Galaxy S Evo 4G thingamajigs today.
Became a City Council Member in the Political career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation3
what about your son?
Enjoy your lunch!
Done with one apush review, taking a little break: then back at it:/
FREE National Public Garden Day from dawn to dusk May 11
That was my everyday lunch snack!
I ain't have a lunchbox!
Those cool tshirts everyone is buying to commemorate OneMoreDisneyDay are available online via the
West Coast delay
allday : So excited to be writing a feature film with !
letsdothis
Hey, AMAZING visual storytelling this update.
I read all your comics, this one is particularly great  so good!!
Just had a very product meeting, EsJay is making moves!
The quiet conflicts we conquer alone are the most consequential of all.
I am following them and I am not lying
Choosing the songs for this next ep has been the most difficult process.
Ah!!
haha I'll be sure to stop by there!
Man we got some bitter folks on twitter talkn about ValentinesDay Don't ruin it for everybody else!!
Winddown.
That's kinda awesome
Lol.
Oh no.
My day  Culver City, L.A, Santa Monica, Hollywood, North Hollywood, Newport Beach, now?
Bed.
; Goodnight lovies!
3
I'm not going to miss printchat today...i'm not going to miss printchat today...i'm not going to miss printchat today!
4pm people!
1 page of edits down, 313 to go!
RT I asked my beautiful girlfriend, Allison Greene to marry me.
She said yes.
I mean...
SHE SAID YES!
There, that's more like it!
The  painted door swung open.
You saw gathered around a glowing .
What do you do?
7 out of 10 young professorssional said that their expectations were met by attending trade shows.
i also subconsciously replace words while i'm at it.
I'M SAMMY AND I KNOW IT!
should have seen it in person.
That was Trinity vs Millsaps college in 2007.
Ridiculous.
Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry.
Bill Cosby
so right RT: : Watching kids open gifts is so much more fun then opening your own they get so excited.
Is it cool if I come with you baby?; SaySomethin Got in trouble for singing it in class so I went outside and kept singing3
The Bashir Show?
Cool but don't let him push you around.
Welcome IMS Government Solutions!
Thanks for your Race for Hope company team supporting a brain cancer cure.
Don't make a promise you can't keep
I love how i will tweet something a thousand times and people just ignore it...
Its like wtf mann?
I spent my time telling you something....
In other news, Jon Gruden will love every single pick and Mel Kiper is still guessing.
IReallyMiss getting tons  tons of presents for christmas.
Now..
I only get one  if I'm on the nice list?
Maybe two.
Sunday nights are going to be AWESOME!!
On they knees, belly, and back lol : Black girls front do hard like they don't be on their knees sucking a dick
Meetings by the pool
well good : I don't want my best friend to be sad!!
I go to shitty ass mount Vernon  wbu?
iight fool about what
Hey i check it out and i think it was really good so follow me and ill follow back :
Bout to head to this aau game !!
It's the first time we've ever had it for more than a weekend.
Usually I find live streams online!
um no its not looking ugly because its not gnna happen, like u said u dnt kno why she said it
haha he did!
We should all go back together again
I'm scheduled to fly into NYC on tuesday.
Am I gonna make it?
so to make the show nonracist and make black people happy all you have to do is give the NAACP some money?
Of course!
Did you at least get something good for falling off the glutenwagon?
I've been craving a croissant all day...
Practicing my French .
Mom is making me ..
!
Had a awful week
Can't listen to faded anymore now because of 
Thanks for a great conversation about bullying prevention.
finally time for the new Khloe  Lamar 
aww i'm sure they weren't ignoring you, theres just a ton of fans in there!
But you can help us trend voteformeganandliz!
:D
is hoping for one more thing to be thankful about on Thursday..
The new themes from !!
thought of you when I read her blog.
She is my favorite blogger.
I H8 EvEry1
After school practices go by so quick, and there's actually time for an evening.
The down side?
No food!!
What do I know about cuban mambo?
To answer your question, I am the Mambo Godfather.
I think that you shouldn't retired.
My suggestion you doctorp to 185lbs.
I think that you will be amazing at 185lbs division.
are you at protest?
About to head out to book2 Camp
ya so where do you live
This time of day can become an awesome bumpin' party at the shop ...
ladies coming home from work and want some style before supper!
xx
Before there was the Firefly debacle, there was the Covington Cross travesty.
I just realized I can own CC on DVD  incl.
6 unaired eps!
I'm pretty sure most seniors went to north park afterwards, I came home to rest :
Loving this weather
Will this event be going on after the festival today?
This is awesome :
I wish this anxiety would go away!
where the partys at
i won't i have a gf lmano....
haha oh man what a tragic ending
Gotcha.
See the world!
But if life takes you other places, know you always have a home with RavenNation in the ATown!
Good luck!
Animal Cracker boxes were designed with a string handle so that they could be hung on a Christmas tree.
ahaha damn text me im outt
I third on Ghosts.
I know, street cred.
But between LIt Con and Seam, choose LIt Con.
Well done mag realism
Tomorrow at about 11
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
Fletcher2012 v necks?
Tears are words the heart can't express
Standing on my feet
Blog post will be up on Monday : TGIF till then!!!
It's a good one I promise xoxo 
'causes' for depression are indeterminate: genetic, developmental, and environmental
I seriously am in love with
Like a cat I pulled a chair into a sunbeam in the back of the meeting room.
Perhaps an opportunity to discuss racism  history?
Or not.
Yikes indeed!
Love it!
Done hunting.
Only saw one bird, a hen...and it's in my game pocket of my hunting best!
:
lool I am just fan
no, but raking the leaves in the spring is...
how to remove transient markers in flex mode..
Day of good deeds: daughter invites Jos for sleepover, so offers to bring me dinner at work.
Went to Home Depot for a hose/faucet adapter.
Left with two trees.
Obviously the adapter doesn't fit.
Garbage day changed couple months ago.
Still getting used to it.
Fortunately, haven't forgotten yet.
Guess what I'm going to do now.
it better cuz so far this week couldn't have gone any slower
And yes I realize that's old news, I however did not hear about this until two days ago.
Lovely way to end the otherwise shit day that was.
If ClaudeGiroux ever doctorps the gloves, may it be today.
Against SidneyCrosby .
SUP BRO
I hate spam.
Especially on my friggin' birthday.
:
Lindsey Stephany, who was injured in the Sun Prairie house explosion, was discharged from UW Hospital.
Steven Slack is in good condition.
I won't look at you the same lol..
forgiveness but we're just friends just friends.
Finally boarding!
I happen to think that the great spirit God mad us all, put us all here for a reason.
And all of us have something to do.
BB King
If u want to see me calm then see me high
is Tebow there?
.
how can we make datacite easy/scalable/ increase sci quality?
Need solutions, it is clear why it isn't happening!
Watching The Enemy of the State.
Kobe is the best player in the nba i just dont like him and Lebron is a good all around player.
He deserves some props.
3 MVPs
she was right
Home of the Brave!
SCdebate EACH GETS FAIR SHARE of TIME  YAY!
No wait Eyehategod is actually one of my favorite bands
OMG UGG Boots for only 125!
for more great daily deals!
I know I LOVE these deals!
Great Holiday Gifts
Hate waking up mad
This is A Good Ass Game Right Now.
OKC VS LAL
Happy indeed.
5 miles completed today but biggest accomplishment was setting a goal 1/2/12 to begin training for 1/2 marathon!
A Milwaukee man is accused of strangling girlfriend cuz she answered her phone during sex!
That scares me...why; I DO THE SAME THING!
LOL
HAHAHAHAHA OMG.
so I found A LOT of peoples instagrams that I know.
Funny shit.
Happy bday bro!
ur doin great with ur music!!
proudofaustin Enjoy every day of it!
HMU on here so we can talk sum bout covers
A bone's throw from Wild Rumpus store,  not far from the purple door, paws to take a quick lookyou might find your new favorite book!
I want summer back .
Every time I find the meaning of life, they change it.
Only three weeks left in the NFL season.
Who is your pick for theSuperbowl this year?
The Fall 2011 Signs symposium is Gloria Anzaldua: An International Perspective, edited by Norma Cantu.
She'll be on the panel at nwsa2011!
POTUS: By 2452, America will be almost debt free.
And populated largely by telemarketers calling Chinese consumers
Roy is just pathetic, I hope he enjoys his last game at F'N Center
Passover was such fun.
For bfast, I made a tsimmis smoothie.
It was to die for.Stewed sweet potato, prunes  carrots  almond mil
Beautiful day!
Great clients!
Great lunch!!!
Can't ask for anything else!!
Happy Thursday to me!!
SAY HELLO TO MY LITTLE FRIEND!!!
lol
yum!
Are you grabbing dinner there?
who have you contributed with?
Yeah Joe said that was why :
Yeah, and it doesn't even work on a mobile phone, where I'm most likely to check for student events.
I can't go back to school till Friday, fuck.
no more big muscle beef head???
see, you move to cali and turn into a hippie.
lolol I don't run into walls anymore now that you're not around :
My dogs not blind she just blurried...
Mya C.
That was the point of starting middoctorftMonday to give us something to look forward to on mondays to bad I am the only one.
I aint here to hurt anybody I wanna see yall work yall's body so Give it to me, Give it to me, Give it to me HARD!!
LOL
Mmhm.
Ian can still spend time wif his brother!
10ThingsYouCouldDoForMe DNT B.S DNT LIE GIVE ME 100 LIKE I WILL TO U BE FUNNY AND CHILL AF!
i dnt ask for much
Just finished 's the shock doctrine.
Powerful read
watching the new Castle :
And with his 84th block, Anthony Davis over takes Dinner Bell Mel and Andoctor Riddick for the single season block record
good morning
You got my reason that's all, I can show you all this love without a bit of sex involved
there is yelling from the other room, where some people i live with are watching the patriots...
Remember when I was Sweet and unexplainable Nothing like this person, Unlovable I just want back in your head!
I am at a loss for words at the present moment....
Am I going to pull any game?
None whatsoever
Getting older has been fairly dope thus far.
Chronic shoulder pain's bout the worst Ive dealt with
I hate the saying I can't wait for .
In most situations you HAVE to wait.
OK, you cant wait for it, now what are you going to do?
People above me must love Jason misterz's I'm Yours bc they are listening to it on repeat...
and the bass is turned up.
u got it
by the power of latte, excel sheet i command you to fill yourself out!
Are you hiring movers or are you moving on your own?
Just ball'd up !!
He doesn't have anything on me.
I was excited about the video for some reason.
so i showed my mom, She thought it was really cool.
:
hey guess what everybody i've become that person who stays in on saturday nights to watch twin peaks
: I have the tickets.
I should be up that way Saturday
RT : T minus 15 minutes: Starting fueling sequence for the first stage.
all these memories making me emotional.
This is one of the most beautiful places I have traveled to.
Did you get any Christmas ornaments while you were there?
ugh lml u suck SELF'MADE
Thanks for the follow!
Happy Friday!
11 of girls do not consider themselves beautiful.
1115 age is vulnerable  best time to get them to increase self esteem
Waking up to a txt from one of ya girlfriends
That was awesome.
get it Fabi!!!
Hilarious that Philly fans were cheering when Noah went down
I knew it and I didnt.
I knew Yolanda Marion Washington wanted to be a singer more than she wanted anything else in the world.
I have met u once if I ever get the chance to meet u again do u think u would remember me??
I'm an unforgettable person!!
HAHA XO
sure I'll text you
All the Canadiens coming out of the woodwork.
Life Is Tough Sometimes....But I Need Nothing But The Lord.....
2006 Barbaro won by the biggest margin I remember but no one dominated more than War Emblem in 2002 wire to wire and it wasn't ever close
Attack of the Killer Fried Green Tomatoes
happy hour  live band karaoke at hill country bbq.
contemplating which song to use for my duet debut with
My CEO is trying to convince me I should go on television for our company.
It's so not gonna happen.
Letting him down is difficult.
ghettocrayolacolors doctornk Red
damn you popcorn.
you taste so delish but you make my stomach go crazy
Gold Card week ends on the 10th!
Don't forget to come in and get your 20 off!
ok, I'm officially a supercollider convert.
It's far more superior to csound, so much so that I wish I had discovered sc earlier
Gotta beef you up if you're going to be a Tiger.
Today's puzzle: get VelleeDeli's korean BBQ burrito for a 3rd day in a row, or not?
I have a problem.
Calling all wine savvy Washingtonians!
Want to be featured in the DC Wine Week blog?
Send your guest post idea to
Yay!
Glad it did not need smashing.
But even more glad about the labels.
how often does it come out?
truth hurts oh well
you fing rock!!!!
yup but I'm leaving Tommorrow
Thanks Sherry!
Appreciate your watching it.
It was a fun day.
Hope you get to see the
oh sorry ididnt know what you meant.
;b
Anyone ever notice how the pork flavored Ramon noodles taste nothing like pork and the oriental flavored one taste nothing like an oriental?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY THOMAS333333
God, my twitter skillz are zero today.
Must stop tweeting.
Return to work.
RelationshipsAre , a total waste of time.
Fbgm
I have to see you this summer!
I feel like its been too long!
self diagnosing and doctornking lots of tea
thanks so much!
Happy New Year!
Whaaaa your pretty face is on my TV!
Miss you!!
I even got the ladies in the office to pretend to be interested in the MadBum / Jamie Moyer age storyline.
That's amazing.
Packing...
In DC this week and next.
if you win the brit, do directioners get a reward?
:
my hair today 
What's your spark up to?
I've been makin' videos, singing spontaneously, writing.
Till the cows come home.
Don't worry, there's still cheese  wine available for tonight's event.
Coming to terms with the fact that I was just not made for 4AM.
I will self destruct if I get there.
5 4 3 2 1..........
: Great video of ISS.
Could use some artwork in hallways.://1.usa.gov/g24EBk
Very exciting news.
We've got a final tweak to the logo and then we're going live on Kickstarter.
Stay tuned.
Today is the big day!
LIES it is never cold in SoCal :
Just remember, you wouldn't even be on the show if Teresa hadn't paved the way.
You're the most basic of the NJ housewives tbh
Happy Mother's Day to all of the beautiful nurturers out there.
Where would we be without you?
If we are incapable of finding peace in ourselves, it is pointless to search elsewhere
Here's hoping.
should be good to promo your dec 10th show.
lemme know if you wanna cross promo, and what you are thinking
Definitely a work in progress.
Don't dance with Mary Jane or else you'll get ur toe stepped on hahahaha!
Love that 70s show
Rebuttal: Lindsay Lohan.
Aren't we tired of seeing 30something year old guys act like schmucks around babies?
Guys with Kids...I'll pass.
Are you doing that race?
When is it?
Injustice may be wiped out, but human disputes and natural limitations cannot be eliminated.
Hot bath wine!
Love being a girl.
Thinking of my chances to get to retweet orfollow me.
Not looking so good on my part ;0
: Behind her smile, is a story you would never understand.
I double parked my bicycle today.
Hope i dont get a ticket or am the victim of a bicycle hate crime
hi how r u
If anyone has the ability to get me 20 virus cleanings a day, I will give you 200 a day ;
u shouldn't.
Everyone knows fish and raccoons dont have feelings
PalmBchPowerPartnersBreakfast.
Business meeting for the business champions.
See you 4047 Okee Blvd.
Come.Get.Grow.Go
FOMO for real!
controls my life haha!
If only they could see me...
Why Corazon?
We market your property, handle all inquiries, arrange viewings, check your property while it's vacant, interview applicants...
When you read a newspaper, periodical, book, or online article, do you keep a notepad and pen nearby to catch ideas?
I'm guilty of it.
: Full Time.
Timbers defeat Union 31 on goals from JeanBaptiste, Boyd, and Alhassan.
RCTID Way to go Timbers!!
I've been watching a lot of lectures on Youtube lately.
A blessed sabbatical of English Morphology, Forensic linguistics, and Etymology.
Can't wait to see!
How exciting.
I'm so jealous!
God is great !!
Tx for RT'ing my interview in
we should catch up sometime!
:3 P.L.U.R.3
but tht would be so fun tho
Junior high: the only place where gum is the equivalent of crack
Running 8 miles at LSD pace tomorrow
The orchestra concert was spectacular!
the senior soloists played some sick solos.
Awesome job!
:
Unless your name is GOOGLE...stop acting like you KNOW EVERYTHING...
A smoke detector beeping when you need a new battery is smart.
The person who changed it to a voice yelling low battery!
is not my friend.
That fake laugh you do when you don't understand what someone just said to you ...
: Music speaks to you in a way that nothing else can.
new england, pitt, and ind.
Big 3 in AFC
I made my mommy a wall hanging in ceramics class for mother's day 
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!.
it's crazy please follow me!
Let's get it cavs this is a winnable game
kids iD Tech Summer Camps in Texas held at SMU, TCU, and More!
at Southern Methodist University, Sun, May 20 9:00a: Love gaming,...
Lunch has wrapped.
Next speaker at Conference is
time to switch it up
Wut did i start D:
: Iggy Azalea....
Straight bad bitch!!
your boxing jokes suck.
taking out my frustration in this workout.
hate it.
Makes my head hurt.
Ovation Award for HR Excellence  MidSize Employer  Halifax Regional Medical Center
Teachers open the door, but you must enter by yourself.
RT : planning meeting for 20th Anniversary Gala.
So Much to Celebrate!!
RT : I'm so completly over this whole divorce thing.
Land speed record set running through Denver airport...made the flight before the door closed!
Coming to your headquarters today!
Can't wait!
Fuck this.
I cant wait till I leave this house.
I think it's so cool that students are asking about next school year's musical already!
Narrowed it down to 3 everybody :
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
God Afternoon Boob!
Bored in school so ill tweet : what's upp?
Today, Friday and Saturday should be a federal holiday.
National Ted Thompson Day / Weekend.
Starting June 6th Gruner patio will be open for both lunch and dinner.
www.grunerpdx.com ENJOY
Winter hours in effect: Our Harvard Sq and Porter Sq stores will close at 11pm on Thursdays starting today!
LSU prez Lombardi says push for high grad rates means that highered must 'construct mechanisms' to ensure all kids pass  grade inflation.
video dope mayne!
If Rafael Soriano closes with Rivera out, it will be the ultimate test of paycheck determining bullpen role.
I say he gets minimum 10 saves.
aka free spirits need  keep it moving to explore life or continue living life single till they are ready maybe never
How you been?
done and done!
Thanks for passing those contacts along!
Send more if you see a fit.
hahaha end of year reflection, nice.
well cool, thanks for indulging my prying questions!
:
Right?
We coulda been acting crazy!
We'll hang out in Waterford and talk about our scary Detroit stories tho.
haha
I'm at twerk wishin it was 530 already :.
You're pretty!
life  death coexisting all the time
WHY ARE THERE MICROPHONES AT EVERYONE INTERSECTION where black people live?
hm.....
Pass another round around for the kids who have nothing left to lose.
And for those souls so old, and sold out
Money and success are like animals: they can smell fear.
It's a beautiful evening Austin!
Enjoy it with some 1.75 Beef or Chicken Tacos  cold 2 Bud Lights!!!
g00d morning to your gr8 evenings!!
which movies?!
Any old Stump Brothers?
The Good the Rad and the Gnarly?
HEY check out she's in the game
How long a minute is depends on what side of the bathroom door you're on.
I love radio station Jen.
33
I thought the same thing
Just hit me doctorving home the other day: I'm 32 and have never been married.
My mother put it best: You skipped your 20something divorce.
Thanks Hun!!
Happy Mother's Day to you and your kiddos!
Black Widow, without a doubt or hesitation.
;
I wish I had another week, or really just 2 extra days.
I'm happy about my new stuff, though.
: stop by  say hi.
Not sure yet.
Class starts in five minutes.
I hate how teachers think u only have there class and they give u as much homework as they can, especially my algebra class
We have sets of the 32 pc Magnatiles left in both locations.
Either solid or clear.
Pick one up before we run out again!...
Yay, Robert, your first tweet  congrats!
And I'm honored to be the recipient :
Hey Colorado Springs, I'm obsessed with the buttercream lotion I got from local !
You need to try this stuff.
It's delicious...
well good lord have mercy!
The lord is my sheppard and he knows what I want!
Lol :
I just finished a 2.01 mi run with a time of 16:16 with Nike GPS.
Happy Birthday Lance!!!
I wish you the best, and I hope you have an awesome Bday!!!
Someone please text me.
Gas is pretty pricey I'd never get to go anywhere if I waited for someone else to pay lol but I need road!
no prob pretty lady!
how u I follow me?
We go back like Cadillac's on fo' flats!
My mom's hand writing is fascinating.
A cursive nostalgia that mentally takes me to my youth, then the miracle of life and evolution.
RT : Catching up on TheSingOff on the DVR.
was robbed.
At least they went out like champs.
Can't wait to see everyone's tweets about Undisputed Truth show.
I'm hoping he surprises a lot of people.
Watched SYTYCD tonight.
Actually was sad to see Ryan go and didn't agree with the guy they kicked.
Happy EarthDay!
It's a beautiful sunny day in Dallas today.
Enjoy!
thank you so much for putting together the amazing nextgen conference today!
I learned so much!
;
A party store ??
RT : Anyone know where a guy can get a sick sombrero in the burgh north hills?
...seriously, I need one.
If got the three shots, why didn't Aminu not get the 3 point play there?
this is why I doctorpped season tix.
RT : but still, I feel Bad though!
Ur SO Beautiful!
thank u!!!
I hate those colds that hurt your entire chest when you cough.
Only if Melo could play defense
Going to see Cabin in the Woods on opening night because we're just so cool.
if i were to pluck on your heartstrings, would you strum on mine?
Restaurant rented out for a Bat Mitzvah tonight.
Hope I get picked for the snowball.
well if you know where to get one then yeah
tired as fuck.
i retweeted that, its the definition of an actual fan.
I'm doing well; thank uhow's ur cooking coming along???
; xoxoxo much3
: Joe dirt Home is where you make it.
You Like to see to see homos naked ?
went 4 for 10 in his Bold Predictions today.
Forte, RGIII, Saints, Moss picks were good.
Poor performance Mike.
Poor.
Totally loved that book
Hook a BH4Life up!
Thx 4 thinking of us noncruisers and
SHIT OKAY FOCUS I HAVE TO SHOWER
: Sometimes tattoo ideas are good as just ideas bc I've seen some UGLY tats!
That's why I'm afraid to get one in the future
RT :A mock tornado warning will sound in MKE 1pm today for Tornado  Severe Weather Awareness Week.Do you have a safety plan?
you're welcome followback please :
spurs giving too much time in the middle to
Everyone is entitled to be stupid,but some abuse the privilege
Nice appetizer while waiting for WIRecall vote totals  watching GOP continue to eat their own with moderate IN Sen.
Richard Lugar loss.
it's official...i hate yahoo mail.
why does it keep breaking in Chrome?
a crack about a sandwich so big the inventor had to be from Wisconsin
half naked and almost famous
voting my ass off for you guys right now.
listening for 'JUDAS'
just heard 's new song SaySomethin, love it.
needs to come out on itunes.
greatsong follow?
hahahahaha see that's so stupid.
That's why I never believe them.
Yorkshire Terrier Pudding.
ObamaDogRecipes Don't they think this stuff through before opening their mouths??
lots of wind today!
RT : radical  saying/doing things that need to be said/done when they need to be said/done regardless of consequence
I'm tired of people telling me what I'm doing wrong instead of what I'm doing right
Thank you!!!
Fireboat by Maira Kalman in preparation for seeing her work in Storied City: New York in Picture Book Art
Happy belated birthday sorry i wasnt on twitter yesterday 3
A nice lazy Sunday.
Hope our Tweeples are chillin' with peeps you love!
Cool!
What local convention?
At least on that tracker, appears that uars is a TIE fighter.
Parents are way to into this 8th grade volleyball game.
Watch a real game then come talk to me.
Chane misses his 29th dunk of year
fancy restaurant
LISTENING TOO: // Murderer ..Loosing my shit, just making the bed and bam..
start loosing it.
last day of ALA!
thanks to everyone at for such a thoughtful discussion this afternoon!
Their is a thurnderstorm so its a good time to sleep goodnight
Making a success of the job at hand is the best step toward the kind you want.
Bernard M.
Baruch
hometown jets!
1.baltimore.
2.st.louis 3.buff
When all you wanted was to be wanted.
Wish you could go back and tell yourself what you know now 
The real menace in dealing with a fiveyearold is that in no time at all you begin to sound like a fiveyearold.
Jean Kerr
All :'z....now whats planned for mii day??
shoulda followed your first mind..
Why didn't you?
Can u tell me wtf this guys next to me r saying
better that its teammate's wife as opposed to just an actual teammate
Sweet find.
idk im eating right now
Real friends don't get offended when you insult them.They smile and call you something even more offensive.
I miss my best friend
First we had Planking, then Tebowing...let's hope Sanduskying fails to catch on.
Lawrence and Tina how's the weather up there?
Pleased to see tweeting with more frequency these days.
More emoticons!
and why might that be?
And this is why I'm on Twitter.
You people understand me.
Oilcat vs.
Metashark in 3D
To much DM's I need two days to read them !
I like my phone it takes good pictures.
Would be great if messages/inbox have a way to see your sent messages regardless if the other person answers.
some people may not have short tempers maybe they just have quick reactions....
yeah, they got me my own station in the back of the truck
Remember, if you are not playing your heart out, someone else is.
And when you meet him, he will win.
White bread's poison, unless it's French and shaped like a penis, then it's all right.
Dawn French
haha where'd u get it?
I'm assuming there's a fee associated with that?
Do you know how much?
also, at 20 my friend's thesis advisor gave her this advice: don't move to a job, find a good location and find a job there.
I'd call Jacoby's catch an Andoctorw Lucky bounce.
So, just hit 10,000 followers.
That's kind of cool.
Funny how when you're a girl  you enter into a relationship, half of your male friends suddenly doctorp off the face of the earth.
keepyourmouthshut if your with a croud of weed smokers and its your first time smoking weed youll be embarrassed
good senior prank ...
LOL JK not
too bad memphis not gonna win the ship even if they beat the clippers.
i'm going to bed.
I think I'm in love with 3 Recently addicted to his song On My Mind  Is it legal for me to date him being I'm 16?
Lol
I didn't either.
My old band opened for them in Gainesville, hung out in same circles.
good to know wife  band support him
A new look for the Madison West 3,200 relay team, which has the state's best time this spring.
Edgewood  La Follette in second heat w/ West
Best day ever!
3
Admit how you feel.
Otherwise you are encouraging people to think that their feelings are unnatural and unshared.
I know, right?!
Ha ha!
I have talked to one person who is actually mailing them to him, but I can't find out who is buying them for him at hospital
This was planned months ago.
I almost forgot about it.
El Segundo Cantina..
such great service tonight!
And congrats and good luck to Suzy and Scott :
Works all finished :
Chini and Camberos playing their hot latin sounds on the patio today 25pm
Dear people who twitter every 3 seconds, where is your life?
hahahahahahahaha 3 Morgan
follow me on twitter yo
Even though you're miles away, I still will never change my feelings that's inside cause I'm gonna stick with you.
A mural in Cairo.
Made me think of you.
Glad you are flying back safe and sound :D
When college graduates talk to junior girls in highschool...
I think it's bedtime.
Goodnight!
according to the weather, it's supposed to burn off right around the time we get there :
hey do u hve your phone
thanks for the RT on POV.
The real conspiracy is in perpetuating the belief that there's always a conspiracy.
Oh it all makes sense
My dick is so small, it's huge
Just now realizing that all hourlong TV doctormas play that same, Law  Order, doomsday music when mess is about to go down.
ah, well, looks like i'll be taking your pictures after all!
see you tomorrow!
thank you so much!
glad you liked it :
who you pick to win tonight?
haha they have worked with some smart people in the last couple of years!
Dale, did you really say Red Flash is the same / better than Big Red?
U need antibacterial soap and a BBQ brush
Hey we did that yesterday too...
Binary Star  Reality Check
Def should reach out, embrace.
But I wonder if perceived lack of teen interest leads museums not to set policy in first place
i woke up about a half hour ago n cnt fall back asleep.
So im just chillin.
Haha
I still think Lance Stephenson should have won MVP
;O statistics Defending your Home With an Airsoft Gun
I keep it real  pity others can't do the same
sure thing Brad.
I think it's called a Javon
I think our girl Tay Tay got her tatas done
when did justin biebers voice get so deep.
listening to boyfriend wtf happned??
why am i just hearing this
Thanks for the rep!
I checked out your site  like what you're doing as well.
NY BBoys are lucky to have a site like yours
Master MySQL in the Amazon Cloud
It's a beautiful day!
RT : Can you believe it's November?
And still mid70's in SanDiego  love it!
Really jealous of everyone thats been chillen on their boats all day on the lake 
: What do u defensive coaches call your defense?
Whatever the head guys tells me to call it!
Its okay to have a weakness, if it doctorves us to lean on Gods strength.
Pretty soon our church will have all live services broadcasted by !
Never seen at stakeholder meetings, the fabled Director of Imposing Arbitrary  Unfeasible Deadlines does exist, elusive tho he may be.
I can't wait to be in your film : you're so awesome 3
Just realized the private school I live by is named after Marlboro...nah tobacco Co.s don't target kids!
youmightbeanautismparent if you take a walk w/another mom w/ autistic child  you compare bruises and bites inflicted by your teen age kids
Charters will win b/c they are falsely perceived as being different.
Public is perceived as being the same ole.
change or perish!
Please!
!
Please !!
All my follower delete this account and start following me on this account.
alikrainey thank you
Thinking quite seriously about starting a blog this summer.
Something on the history of women in science and medicine.
Need a witty name...
We should start a trend for
Austin legal news posts a must read story about legal news, read today!
3 birds shat on my car today.
it's barely noon.
good luck?
let's pretend.
.
Stoked for the Avengers premiere tonight!
I have been talking about it for weeks!
I just saw a couple episodes of Doc Martin with Louise Jameson, and she's awesome in them too!
SOUL DEVINE TONIGHT  ONE UP ELEVATED LOUNGE !!!!!!
GET YOUR NIGHT STARTED OFF EARLY
Still need an Easter basket?
We have lots of gourmet chocolates, candies and other treats.
Let us put together the perfect gift for you!
what up my dude...come by st.felix on cahuenga next 2 kitchen 24 and check me..
August Bead Events Schedule Posted!
Please join me for a beading class at one of my stores!
Combined GBP 600K Up for Grabs Playing Top Sky Vegas Games
Just got email.
Ok Max isn't leaving med libs.
phew!
RT : : making it official he is leaving us!
So much for the ambition to do yard work today, monster puddles in the yard!
Fo years I've been trying to remove my pation umbrella from the stand.
Today I got fed up and sawed it in two.
you'll have to post pics when they're all in :
Someone honestly needs to cheer me up.
because the toast is too big.
i hate how he stole my idea 
u r welcome :
sleep is the absence of being productive....dont do it son!
just completed 40 minutes minutes of meditation with
not anytime soon.
As long as you give me sum .
You're welcome, and yes!
I'll be busy the next two weekends, but maybe after that?
4 the record, is 1 of the coolest speechlanguage pathologists out there!
It's decided, me and are going to the HM opening on the 31 :
Loved the power couple article.
We'd love to chat with you about articles for DINKlife.
Can you email me at
And follow my other Twitter too :
Fig Newtons  I are kickin' it with a martini tonight.
: How about the threat posed by huge  influence in the American political process?
thanks to for having me on to talk data caps.
no easy answers, but lots of worthwhile questions
adding 'precious' to my netflix cue.
the book was haunting.
date available: unknown.

COMPLIMENTS !
3
thanks for the follow!
I want a kemp so bad.
But the good one, not the later years with the tower on it.
: Dinner  Water Bar tonight was foodgasm worthy.
happygirl Yum!
Jealous
MON Entree Special:Pan Seared Filet of Beef Tournedos w/Sauted Garlic Spinach, Rosemarys Own Bordelaise Sauce  Crispy Parsnip Strips
Going for another procedure...
Wish me luck?
Love the image of the Great Clam!
Thanks for the morning laughI needed that.
Bloggers Choice Winners...
Tech  Molly White Marketing, Food  Savory Simple, Twitter org  , Sports  School of Roch.
You never tweet anymore!
:'
are u single?
lmfao
Cuts continues to surface at Clear Channel...
let us know if you or someone you know were adversely affected so we can print contact info.
most majors are signatory of the union  we have to use them.
congrats on the 50lbs!!
keep up the fantastic work!
This weekend is not going good for me at all smfh
You already in pain you already hurting, get a reward from it !!
Don't go to sleep until you reach our success !!
Main lot parking at Muir Woods and now immediate seating  what's going on here??!!
mythoughtsatschool i wanna party.
Good Afternoon to all my BrozAndHoez let's stay positive to all my broz and to my hoez just stay professorssional...
I like hot dogs.
What Is your greatest challenge with training, or losing weight 1.
Eating right 2.
Working out.
Reply to this tweet with the option number
Lokking forward to busy couple of days Insight12.
Find us on stand 35 if you're planning Office2010 rollout.
Asked multiple times each week how much longer will the CD be around?
Don't know, but an artist can't sign a download at a gig can they?
FCP users?
Do you use use the audio mixer for recording keyframes?
I never use it.
Just like I'm respectful of men.
Or try to be, anyway.
me too.
I wish I was going to Marfa with you.
But have lots of fun!!!!!
Charlie sheen fired from two and half men.
good lookin out
Nice!
SIX new signups just today!
Hope other folks  adults and kids  will choose to sign up and share their voice!
I dont need me a basketball player just someone to make me happy
In Flatiron?
Brio is here for you...
920 Broadway street www.brioflatiron.com
The unexamined life is not worth living.
Socrates
awhh okay i feel eht....
but damn
hey , thanks for the reply.
Posting it on the site makes it public, right?
We wanted to privately share the topic with your team.
Just saw a few people come inches from getting hit by a train.
When a multiton thingy is coming at you ant making insistent noises, MOVE!!
Next time anyone wakes me up knocking at my door at 2am they are going out the window
Hey...not currently.
We can, however, make a doctornk with your own milk if you wanted to bring it in.
No relative named Dustin here.
:
Puck Headlines at 12:49!?!?!
Are you trying to make the rest of the day doctorg by????
They are my light at the end of the tunnel
now thats what i like to hear!
That OSU game was an AWAY night game too.
And Florida's one loss that year was to number 10 Auburn.
You're correct, it's not right
RT if you love like we do!
will be there this weekend, shopping and meeting.
something that has changed since last time i was here, im a true directioner now!
louis is my love3
Dodgers win!
Viva Los Doyers!
SLAP is awesome, im stealing it!
haha
Ha RT thank you thank you...this shit is almost as confusing as the 2009 season of AU Volleyballs defensive doctorlls
IwishThatIcould, make myself invisible and hear and see what ppl are really thinking and doing.
Wrapped 15 30second episodes for a new YouTube fitness channel!
First episode premieres 1st week of April.
We are working on a Super new project.....stay tuned....
Cannot wait to do the photoshoot for the Miss Texas album!!!
working out the deets now!
H/t of day goes to G2 bus that failed to stop  pick me up in tstorm in Gtown.
No avail cabs  there goes plan for productive night
Sadly spotify isn't quenching my thirst for the newest tunes.
We like shout outs!
Del Rey in Belltown ; All night happy hour tonight, 1/2 off tequila makes the rain go away?
RT : Who wants to win some tickets to the Food Truck fest on Friday?!
We've got a pair to give away...stay tuned!
yeah.
We sold out around 2 today.
Tomorrow is looking to be a nice day tho :
This week is crazy busy.
I'm debating if a margarita would help or hinder me right now...?
since you and I might be in the IML class this summer together, I'll have plenty of time to force you to watch
santa just took my toll money.
I had an wet doctoram and it involved YOU !!
went to First Friday Last night....first time without my gallery....I have to say it was quite nice!!
own up to what you say about others BITCH IF I DID THAT WE WOULDNT BE FRIENDS
Lucky for me I live in a subdivision planning on banning the chickens the Town Council doesn't have the guts to get rid of.
But what will Jon Stewart do for material once both of them are gone?
it's hard to turn down that kinda money.
Wonder what the negotiations started at.
Impressed by Instagram.
:
Hey guys!
Can you do me a HUGE favor and follow ??
It would be awesome!: It's my support account for 3
Whats wrong with over here?
.
Thanks.
Now I'll have nightmares.
shudders
I compose a lot of things with the same general method as that response paper too.
.
.I'm just not as organized as she is :
workin on this song when i record it its gonna b hard for me not to upload it on facebook fwm on facebook Johnathan Based Brown
My thoughts are with my fam in Kansas.
stay safe!
Watching some of the Saw movies, I love how jigsaw uses a type of brutal vigilantism to bad people to show them the true value of life
Tilda Swinton although, could have done better.
The character was overinhibited.
We Need To Talk About Kevin 2011.
UK Film Council.
we found a beautiful girl on the first day of school ;
I'm glad you came:
If you become more concerned for the welfare of others, you will experience a sense of calm, inner strength and selfconfidence.
Can't wait for my braces to come off ;
I just hope that you miss me a little when I'm gone.
Miss me a little when I'm gone.
Live Acoustic Guitar tonight from 7pm to 9pm!
Come listen to Greg Shibley's wonderful acoustic sounds!
New Numbers and Letters are up now!
Can you spell awesome?!?
did she really?
Wow.
How did that go?
U guys still friends I take it.
got the pic from Flan / thanks for all your great work with HS hoops  we'll all have to hit the links sometime soon
EverydayIThinkAbout how much I miss you....
Ok, now I get it.
And there's still room for BlackSwan2 when she starts bumping off the rest of her cast.
Lovely day ahead!
no I'm not
Nice!
What techniques did you work today?
Any sparring?
Agreed.
And he isn't helping his cause.
Living at MSI  wild!
Thnx for the post.
quit complainin  do something about it !
hey i follow back follow me :
Sitting in the Czech republic, Gmail comes up in Czech, along with a Google dialogue, Do you want this page translated?
Not 'gypsies'...but Travelers, or
: call me 8ter
Are you optimistic or pessimistic about the future or ...
?
Anybody know who sells bitter oranges in Milwaukee?
RT : RETWEET IF YOU LOVE LACROSSE!!!
I need to go shoppin for winter
RT : I'll never give in.
But if it happens, please accept my apology for being resistant and destroying thousands of zombies.
seriously?!!!
A movie that was the best book
RT A trip 2Sweetery tom on 51St btw Park/Mad will cost u nothing, now if that's not PricelessNY what is?
11a3p Thx
Thank you sir!
Remembering those days when I used to watch Lovers in Paris a lot.
Having fun in Memphis but I miss my boo and my doodle monkeys...sending all my love to my precious family....
100 ready!
Can't wait : That sucks.
How is Jorge Lopez looking before his fight on Tuesday?
i dunno, did you have a barrel chested bald server who talks funny?
We just ordered extension tubes for our Canon arsenal, getting ready for the Vegas JCK Swiss Watch show.
Who else is going to be there?
Can tell a storm is coming.
Grocery store is very busy.
Only need a couple of things or the wait would be more worth it.
YUp!
Moving to the Bay Area : All is great.
Ok michael corcoran if you are gonna star rt ing nba bullshit, im doctorppin you like a hondo at the yellow rose.
Oh Joel!!
STRIKEOUT!
Good start to the night
hey how'd your benefit go last week?
you got morning after brew pants on?
Today's Trivia Question: Which Black inventor doctormatically improved the Whaling Industry?
Visit www.americanlegacymag.com for the answer!
...Im going to have a mini party Thur to celebrate Phelps start XD...Im there...no garden party for Phil...!
haha yess team mindless don't play when it comes to the omg girlz n mindless behavior or Diggy
My mommy said I don't need anymore tattoos cause I'm unique and beautiful already Awww
Hm Good morning :p
i voted all day for u guys, i think i deserve a follow back :
hugs!
How are ya?
New digs in the are coming together!
What should we offer the public?
Indian Summer Festival opens today!
We'll be on the North End of the grounds with some wonderful food offerings.
See you there!
Saving Abel, Addicted..'I'm so addicted to all the things you do when you're going down on me inbetween the sheets
Expanding the capacity of leaders at all levelsThe Leadership Learning Collaborativewww.leadershipRising.com.
Course starts on Oct.
11th.
Guys please go follow my friend she needs more followers 
UH 31  UCLA 14 at the half.
Go Coogs!!
motif sheet
maybe there is still journalists vs.
independent bloggers crap but don't see it much for any serious orgs/institutions.
Any article that uses the phrase communist chocolate hellhole deserves an instant Nobel prize.
Red is the go to color this fall!
I am SO fashion forward.
I've been a wearing red  purple for longer than I can remember!
Plus B  W!
Good to have football back, go Chargers!!!
sorry I missed you!
I didn't end up going.
How was it?
waiting for bus
Exhausted after loong father's day weekend.
BBQ'd 50 lbs of lobster for 75 of r closest friends.
Next yr I'm thinkin' hamburgers  hot dogs!
not as bored as me.
Hearing a story about some kid's uniform rippinng  a wrestling meet and teabagging someone
Didn't feel the wanna be 'Hawkeye'...rather him use a bow and not a crossbow w/ a scope.
Oh..my..freaking..gosh.this story is absolutely boring about two rats moving cheese!
Headed to Disneyland to indulge in my fantasies of being a princess...
Got me ready for the 22nd  Club Chrome Forth Worth Texas.If you in the area come check me out.
We are a paid subscription site but you get one free read every day per IP addoctorss.
Have a WONDERFUL Wednesday Evening from the Avant Garb Crew!!!!!
Yes, hope not.
Mine was 1/3 empty after 2yrs.
Since I quit, have only taken 2 pills
Did everybody make at home....
Great photos!
Looks like you guys certainly had a fun course.
Have a Firehook Bakery Croissant for breakfast!!
It's an all butter crescent shaped croissant made from scratchdelicious!
If your age is on the clock, you are too young to be on wand erection's cock.
my barber will cut them if I let her.
You're welcome.
Here to help anytime!
The more the GOP tries to minimize the credit the President should get for OBL, the tinier Republicans look.
Say he did good and move on pls
's favorite movie is Triumph of the Will
Laying down with my Kitty3
God never was a leftbrain thing.
Discuss.
Happy New Year my friend who makes everything funner!
Love u!
Darnit, I changed the channel at the wrong time.
were those tweets about me??
O.O
ff a great leader and a real dude!
to late...
but Google caught the link.
You get hacked?
I dont write music for the money I do it for the rush or my what I feel and what people relate to
My heart will sing no other name, JESUS!
JESUS!
Cant remember when the last time I bought batteries lol
this speech will be the death of me.
Going to see what this HEB madness is 
The family guy wheat thins commercial makes me think I'm watching family guy just for a second.
Every time.
Hard part of process is listing your strengthshow to celebrate them?
We're trained to focus on our faults
2180 Ted DiBiase wins the North American title from Mike George in
Here in Green Bay it was too cloudy to see the silvery supermoon last night but the green and gold today is clear as day.
So cute!
I would like to be a better neighbor when I move....
that's what I thought.
Thanks!
pointed me to you about a solution to podcasting/iTunes thoughts.
Let me know when you have time to chat, thanks!
Please wear a helmet.
NOLA potholes can sneak up on you even in the daytime.
Back working with and we're havin' a laugh!
This chick on four weddings had a Christmas themed wedding.
TF are you stupid?!?
OH FATHER
Done and done.
Voted and hope selection goes well.
Also hope there will be a podcast of the panel for those who cannot attend.
Girls that always think guys are in the wrong 
It was a wild and rain soaked race at the Grand Prix of Miami, the BMW/Riley Ganassi prototype car just missed a third position podium fini
The Power of Storytelling as it Relates to Brands.
Matt Sabljak, Transmedia Producer  an appearance by tonight, UWM Union 191.
our prelim study was focused on a few key brands but in the future we will be expanding to a larger data set.
I'd like to know too!
RT : Does anyone know what channel the VCU basketball game will air on tonight?
oh OK lol
better bash that booty
With one glaring exception, sadly.
Gustav Klimt is my favorite artist ever.
swoon
Little Miss Understood, is a jam lil lady!
The mixed doubles championship just seems so anticlimactic.
good night love's.
3
anticipating the arrival of to North Philly
RT from Iran IMPORTANT: only baseej militia and Etellaat following orders  they cannot contain country without army 
I don't love Castle, but anything with is good enough to watch.
love you too!
I got the hint.
Haha I'm doing it right now.
Rutherford's Winter Sale: Saxon Chocolates make fun and decadent small gifts, stocking stuffers and fabulous hostess and corporate gifts.
THEOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
Those 1994 Nugget uniforms were nice
My friends did that today at school to a junior.
: Maybe I need to go to Greater Mount Bedside and Pillow Church of God in Christ Baptist and Christian Church today....
lol cute!
: I've got a window open.
Does that count as being outside?
Ha ha.
Yes, yes he was.
how many episodes did you watch?
there's no question o'bummer loses to Romney in NOV; quit dividing  start uniting the party
good seeing U  NAMM for a sec.
Congrats on U'r latest
wow.unfollow someone because they like a certain type of music.pathetic.
Daily Dose of Goodness: The YoYo originated as a weapon in the Philippines during the 1500s.
Now you know why the teacher took it away!
hi fellow parker.
I have a hankering to break out my only fools dvds too.
Have u seen rocks and chips?
slow office internetsleepy brainEclipse BIRT, not a good situation
I have to teach a class today and I'm exhausted.
Please let this afternoon move quickly.
Damn it, you will NOT make me tie my credit cards and payments with my mobile phones.
I refuse!!!
Love my new Chevrolet Traverse from Miller Chev in Rogers!
Come out and test doctorve one for youself!
Lunch is on me.
ORDER THE MOVIE!
WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM 1 MILLION COPIES UNIVERSAL STUDIOS SHOOT PART 2 IN UR CITY
Will you be at SXSW this year?
thanks Morgan :
Thanks for the FF recommendation!
I appreciate it.
great is having a jam sesh and im alone with not a single task in sight for the rest of the day.
oh summer jobs.
chas scooping me...let's do whatever my freng..lol
Rosencrantz  Guildenstern are Fish
Austin Chamber delegation up now.
Gary Farmer, Clark Heydoctorch, Martha Smiley, and Mark Curry
Based on Romney lacking courage to stand behind his ideas, why would anyone think he'd have the guts to order the raid on Bin Laden?
Get ready for like the 34 most miserable days ever.
When a guy goes to a hooker, he's not paying her for sex, he's paying her to leave.
Hey Molly  Not sure if you're in Seattle now, but any chance you'd be game for BATTLEDECKS at our Creative Mornings on May 11?
Think my best friend should buy me dinner when we go out lol
This is the end of a fantastic weekend.
I can only hope next weekend is just as good.
I love this..
Thank you!
Funny that the people who say they'll be there no matter what are the ones that disappear the quickest.
Well, fuck you.
RT The first time someone shows you who they are, believe them.
Maya Angelou
you just have to keep an open mind.
And be brave.
And creative.
I alter most of my vintage and thrifted clothes.
JPM Private Equity fund rumored to be buying 10 of Twitter
Morning!!
507533 signatures gathered to Recall Walker!
At least you're trying.
For sure!!
Would love to see you  you're going to LOVE cali 3
Dear 2012, I have been looking forward to your arrival!
RT : Smart players learn from their mistakes; Wise players learn from the mistakes of those around them also.
yeah, public written libel or hearsay?
Sorry about that for you, but angry email is ok
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!33333333
of course!
I'll text you some times for next Friday!
P.S.
No one would recognize you, but you'd be ripped so...
Last week for Ankasa's huge moving sale!
6090 off everything!!!
Great presentation on GCP by Below and Matzat at ACRP2012.
Line th use of insta polling  so fresh and engaging.
ok I got you
um.
Maybe .
With another account...
;
This is my vote for Sharon Needles.
Make that ten votes!
Sharon for queen doctorg Superstar
The wife leaves town and I end up sleeping with Skyrim.
Or at least falling asleep while playing Skyrim.
do I have to have one thing that represents me or can there be bunch?
I've lost track of how many times I've gone up and down the stairs.
It feels kinda good to cheer out loud for an game  it's on big shot by Monta.
new comics!
Come celebrate their start in the spiraling journey of self doubt and low self esteem that is stand up comedy.
neetch.
8pm.
thank you my love!!
You're the bestest
made that P.O box yet?
;
How about choosing to think: I can do this and I will
Aint no sunshine when hes gone its not warm when hes away aint no sunshine when hes gone and he's always gone too long anytime he goes away
You should wear your Derby Best to the game :D
I really tried my hardest to be nice.
But you don't have a nice bone in your body.
Holy mother of stomach ache : I'm pretty sure I have gluten poisoning to the highest degree.
my phone hasn't been working that's why I haven't answer it texts
Sometimes you want to stay at home and edit a million photos all day, sometimes you don't.
The year of Wisconsin  RT : One down, two to go.
Nice work Brewers!!!
I am following u.
Thank u for this opportunity.
So is going to be a dad.
Bets on his kids sport...I'm putting my money on curling and badminton
I rock the north face.
Looking forward to Joshua Bell Live in Denver tonight!!!
Come to U St.
afterwards for It's free entry with your Justice ticket stub
I'll take you to the candy shop, ill let you lick the......
Eeeeh jk lol .
we can only hope he never will.
It's so dangerous.
If panda insemination live tweeting goes well, they're going to do the same thing with Jennifer Aniston next week.
I cant find the remote
Rise and grind
You're right: it's a nice example of business page promotion
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
on the closing and da boi moving in.
I hope no more complex migraines.
ER's really suck  non emergencies
Thanks for following
happy birthday!
Gr8 match last night
We all have scars that show we've all been down that road.
If we stand together, then we never fuckin' stand alone.
NEW SONG LYRICS :
If the people of Texas find him to be 1 of their best 2 to rep them in the Senate, I'm all for their US secession.
114 days till the Iowa State Fair!
Cattlemens beef is watering in my mouth thinking about it!
Archer marathon, total sploosh
Sometimes even when u trying not to fuck up, u fuck up anyway :
Or how many times he cried.
That's a good game.
You don't really have feelings for that girl/guy do em a favor and
HFC met with the executives of a joint Korean and Mongolian hospital, UBSongdo Hospital.
Lets Go HOGS beat 15 miss state WOO PIG SOOIE!!!
Quote of the day: You'll get up here for some doobadoo and you'll go here and shoobadoo, you know what I mean?
Really nice person here...just another one of my favorite people I follow and enjoy on
You are more beautiful than you know, more talented than you think, and loved more than you can imagine x
The great thing about getting older is that you don't lose all the other ages you've been.
Madeleine L'Engle
four pillars causing a storm
JoenotthePlumber showed up uninvited 2 see Obama at White House, couldn't get in.
He's not even as smart as the stupid Salahi's.
just relaxin at home how u doin by da way
Phoenix is PATHETIC.
Absolutely disgusting, undisciplined team.
we love hearing about their chocolate preferences : Who doesn't love the banter between and ?
spop12
Oh my god little brother just called Littlefinger the Snape of Game of Thrones it's true!
I always root for the same characters!
gonna sit on the couch, while the man is preoccupied looking up at the sky.
hehehe
Really considering dark hair again
thx for the rt!
Hope u r well!!
At Times It Seems Like You Do Not Care.
Others It Seems Like You Are The Only One That Cares.
Where Is The Middle?
huge gasp :O lol thats how i feel about Hollister  Abercombie so i now how you guys feel.:
very cool story!
: .....Nah, cause I don't like u.
Haha smart man cuz I was leading you into a ditch
RT : inspiring talk this morning with great way to start the morning!
thanks 4 coming!
Great...glad to hear it Ashley.
Should be a fun weekend!
Cool feature, of you have to fix a misspelt title/slug, it will automagically redirect when you change it.
Im Really Phobic About Flying Im Always Looking For Potential Emergency Landing SitesLoved Flying Over Kansas
Need to find something to watch!
Watching the new Law  Order SVU...
there's a victim named Leslie Adams.
Aka: Fantastica I've never laughed so hard in my life.
It is possible to use your VA eligibility more than once.
DeMaio's question to Fletcher: are you under investigation for ethics violation?
Typical Petrino fashion.
He issues a note.
You are an Awesome God!
we'll cry on Friday, 'kay?
I'm gonna be in 8th alone too, you, bobby, joseph  sam are leaving 
With so many great ones, it's hard to choose.
RT : What is your most memorable stop on the Road to Hana?
We'll share your answers.
to retrieve a quarter!
It's normal to sneak in a midnight snack before you hit the sack!
:
Ha the gig is worth it, but you kno me.
MacIsGoodforPeopleWithOCD Using a PC is like
John Mayer what is your problem?!
I'm glad I never bought one of his cheezy albums.
Jen is way to good for him.
faithful 49er fan wishing u a speedy recovery
always.
whatcha got?
:
Just booked Life is a Balancing Act gig for August 1719!
Great place to rest, relax, spa!
Current 2/1 offer can't be beat!
'Sideline reporting' takes on a whole new meaning when you're having to interview a jockey while both riding horses
How was the rest of your day????
There are over 110,000 people on the United Network for Organ Sharing list in Richmond, Virginia waiting 4 transplant.
Check out our site at: www.prenmacgolfcartflags.com for our featured Handicap Flag and 30 or 40' flag pole..so easy to attach to your cart
Thank you for the ReTweet!
hhhhhmmmm i kno you aint talkin, i hate that im in the boot even if its less stressful than the cast
To tutoring i go:
Sweating PoorUser / Liquid'Zephyr in the open bracket.
He's the 128 seed.
GLGL.
Bring out the Summer Abs...
Mat Class tonight at 6pm!!!
My mom just said, and I quote...
I wonder how people get their feet through then skinny pants go ahead and comment
trust no player.
fear no bitch.
give no pussy.
suck no dick.
people play games, and are full of shit play the role, and be the baddest bitch
Now THAT was a basketball game!!!
And I'm not saying that just because ku won ...
Ok yes I am!
rockchalkjayhawk !!!!
Check your DM :
I'm so sore from the gym 
I'll be a Muslim.
Fuck all the bullshit
proving nothing.
What u've argued is 'slavery is that act of possessing something, and all animals r something.' In reality u'r
same!
What gym?
hope you're having a good day everything okay well, H
: Miller Park sounds like Augusta right now at The Masters.
OpeningDay
no way you took Missouri to LOSE
good thing u doctorve the Jeep
you're the most beautiful person I have laid my eyes on : lol
hell yeah
Win 2 tickets Last Night of the Proms 28th Jan Palace Theatre Newark.
Just tweet or DM why you deserve to win by 19th Jan.
Be creative!

Um.....
Heck Yes!
I'm always up for the challenge!
Pick your DVD of choice Lil Lady!!!
:
Yo got beef?
Well fuck you I like burgers.
im thinking i want to doctorve around cuz im really bored home
Tweeetttt Me Please
thinks Forgiveness takes strength, but Forgetting takes a miracle xx
Thank you!!
Added to my home screen.
Can't wait to make it, think I'll make it next weekend.
:
Tom Cruise he can run.
Things I don't really need but will probably buy?
New May 2012 , which will include an expanded social media chapter
my ear hurts :
whats the account
I just want 2 days to lay in bed  sleep.
yeah what a crap call.
Bullshit call.
My 900th Tweet!
Interesting stat RT : Danica's Q Score is a 22.
Average for all race car doctorvers is 14.
thanks for the follow!
haha, awesome : i am so mad i couldn't go lol
AustinTexas.
If you have a tip, you want to report, abuse here in the local Austin  Metro Area  Email us at
Great interview!
Love your site!
Hey Brooke thanks for following me, guess what I have a cousin in columbus named Brooke, but she doesn't have a mask like that
We're talking about the trial for the former brotherinlaw of Jennifer Hudson, coming up on the !
SaleLeasebacks: Corporations Squeeze Capital out of Real Estate  Area Development Online
yeah he scored 2 today against swansea the game kicked off at 8:30am our time.
Relaxing after getting the Montgomery  East Bank Pools up and running for the summer  Pools are open!
RT : Why do people never say it's only a game when they're winning?
becus they are winning :p
Hey folks  there appears to be a problem with the 'Add Venue' function in the Camerata calendar.
Looking into it now...
Happy Happy Monday Tweepers!
As you begin your week do so with anticipation.
Determine that this will be a great week, and it will be!
I'm pretty sure I've been a good boy so I'm going to treat myself to The Hunger Games.
Let's do this.
Still have the beginning of song Punk Weight stuck in my head D:
can't wait for this game
Certainly agree with you, disagreeing with the author No!
Reflective  pompous.
yes hes my second favorite and the niall:
RT : PopCap's Roberts: About 20 percent of PopCap employees are working on social media games.
Officially obsessed with the '20s
I make a mean oatmeal.
TwSIG Awesome SIG today.
also wrote about Klout as org that measures social media impact
Sen.
McCain, Thank you for visiting Fountain Hills.
Sorry I couldn't greet you, I was speaking  underage doctornking symposium.
Dad has been piddling with his watch a few hours every night.
I say get a less complicated watch!
You're especially excited about the gaming room!
Not just let them see, but if you need to...apologize to them.
They'll never forget that!
they will let you do that?!?!
I would so buy them haha : CONGRATS!
Love you!!!
Way to come through in the clutch Mason!!
Congrats on the internship/job, that's pretty awesome
A6: don't ask where have you done this exact thing before?
Every project is a snowflake they are al different
Wade just made the ugliest face yo lmao
Last night was fucking bomb; Had such a great time.
!!
well come to Wisconsin!!
lmao nice.
and I will be doing humpty dance /cc
On the light rail headed down to AZ Center for 4:30 Kick Ass show!
Hey editors: took Philly buyout, avail 4 foto/video asgnmts from DC to NYC
Dying to get my hands on Red Dead.
Will it live up to my memories of the first one?
I sure hope so
We have limited amounts of aged oolong and some great older Puerh tea  stop by Los Feliz farmers mkt tomorrow and take a look!
thank you for the lines in your article 'Tights are not pants.
Get a skirt already.' I feel less alone in the world!
And also vote complete!
This is confirmation of your ballot being successfully submitted for the 50.
PUBLIC LIBRARY ASSOCIATION
Better get some with this homework ...
im so easily distracted ....
Time to get er done !
If you wanna know what a girl is thinking..
Get some girl friends and listen to them gossip about how the guy they talk to is boring
Not one performance has really blown me away yet.
too late for me, Tom.
I've known more than my share as you well know : For us, time will tell :
is officially, in other words, a dirty old man.
Just left RWA San Diego meeting.
Guest speaker Barbara Vey was awesome.
Funny, insightful, REAL.
Wow.
PW lucky to have her.
The only rooms left at the Hilton when I checked in were smoking rooms
Is that from Sesame Street?
If I remember, it's a super sweet song.
Hell of a List, sure you were doctoroling the whole time!
Greyson Is Not Like The Rest trending,why this week had so many trends about ?this prove that enchancers is around the world!!
it's called we made this movie
I agree...
you've been saying this for two years :
herestothekid that is blowing up my TL!!!!
shoot me a ticket or two yb
Featured line of the week is Charm it!
By High IntenCity.
Come to the store to check it out!
Margarita day?
Is that what I heard??
I could use one after the last 3 days.
:
I'm a fool and i know it .
Worked out with my ears on the new M.
Manson album Born Villain First time hearing it  good stuff!
my phone is dead ah!
i'll plug it in
I don't get payed enough
thanks Whitney it was
RT : Marketing is not about instant gratification; its about building relationships and developing long term clients...
who is nowhere?
Is she hot?
This monkey's gone to heaven at 7:48!
Thanks XRT.
Disney too
RT if DLC hinted at by should be free!
IncludeEndingsWithRetailCopies Don't exploit loyal fans!
Someone must have said something to Christina about being nicer to people not on her team
If u have a good heart n thats all that matters.
I don't care about the rumors or gossip.
I like u for ur personality.
Usually Sadie sings Twinkle Twinkle, Barney song,  Happy Bday.
2day she's singing Lucy in the Sky w/ Diamonds.
2012 is off 2 a gr8 start.
I don't even like some of the originals.
:
Boston Aquarium with !
RT : nice use of the hdsday Twitter stream to inject some humor into your session
sweet disposition.
lol I could have people run support but Id rather get legitimate games without people barely playing lol
nope.
I checked listings via cable menu.
Just the finals on espnu.
Sooner than later.
My twifey so bad to me ; 3
I said okay lmao!!
is that beach Shelter Island by chance?
Amazing compilation!
you in town?
read what I Tweeted to One of the ass holes that was giving u a hard time.
I stuck up for u.
I am a fan, always have!
NEVER shave off your eyebrows ladies!!
they will never grow back the same.
Kenny's in Foster Care on an AllNew South Park on Wednesday, November 16 at ...
MarketWatch
Thinks I just rebroke my growth plate..
Just saw a large man in a red t shirt and overalls.
Never have I seen a man who looked more like he doctorves a tractor?
Conference meet tonight.
Lets go
Watching Girls so I can continue to keep up with the ongoing debate of whether it sucks or not.
I don't think I ever stopped laughing yesterday w/ and !
I've broken my heart so many times I stopped keepin' track.
Some of the smartest people I know are also some of the dumbest...
High IQ but lack of commonsense
You have to watch Cartier's L'Odysse'e de Cartier!
It is amazing!
Genius!
Gorgeous!
Check it out on you tube!
Shout out to fellow Liberian Johnathan Massaquoi for getting doctorfted to Atlanta Falcons!!!!
RT SFGiants tie at 11 in 6th off Huff sac fly but Pirates take lead again w/ run in bottom half of inning.
SF trails 21 thru 6
fuck cheerleaders for being so pretty.
yes, red wine and most doctornks
I love the smell of bleach.
A man must be willing to die for justice.
Death is an inescapable reality and men die daily, but good deeds live forever.Jesse Jackson
Finally!
I am going to see Breaking Dawn tomorrow night!
So excited!
Been waiting a long time!
Tonight at 101 rocking out the place!!!!
everything at the bar will only be 2 dollars!!!
Limited stock so let's get Down Crazy!!!
When the music changes, so does the dance African Proverb
will only be seeing song1 through the eyes of : you can diversify my view!
Hart of Dixie!
its gone be cray!!!
Tease.
I just got to work  can't check FL for 9 HOURS.
Oh fires how i've missed you
We are located 10 minutes from every LA County Jail!
RT 'I go to a doctoram University.
Thanks Terps of past for making today possible.' Thx for your work in making UMD great, too!
That awkward moment when I arrive in NYC via Laguardia airport and starts following me!!
RIP aeronaut Henry Gilbert.
He made more than 300 ascensions, one that reached the height of 4 miles.
Great songs
is this alive people ?
What is your business doing to gain more exposure?
What has ur company given back to the community?
Black dude just took some starwberry jam packs just to put them right back
No I'm now pro prop D.
Not a richpublican!
!!
Each team can only be picked once.
Having a HOA Marathon tonight, well i already started and I'm on episode 8 or 9 but I'm not gonna finish until the QA
Pretty deliciously good right?
But did you follow dessert breakfast with dessert dessert?
oh look, again.
i was fine.
until you texted me.
now i'm crying again.
i really need to fucking stop.
but i miss you so fucking much.
Off to the 10th we go
Ima Addicted To The Ink
good morning, loving the music lying in bed here
Damn couldn't he just ask an easy one like Where do babies come from?
Oh, goodTHAT I can support!
So long since I've had a day where I had no place to be.
While there are things to do, I am enjoying being a slug.
Omaha  Big Dance here too  in Greensboro
Come on today FCB!
Engraving music and listening to E40.
Hyphy copying is a good kind of copying.
ahh!
more cute cat stuff, love it!
I got a tshirt today from a thrift store that says party hard with a skull and beer bottles
Look at the damage,That you caused..
Give a call
no.
I'd love to though
When What Is Love comes on pandora before you go to the bar, you know it's going to be a great night.
MeDad I failed my math final....
dadGuess you're an Fsian, not Asian lolol.....
from what times is the marketing office open?
Winding down from Day 1 as costar on Harry's Law; what a lovely day .
.
.
on the same set with Camistern Manheim AND Kathy Bates!
Hey there, Austin Mahone.
I can describe The Avengers in one word
Say it ain't so, Cam!
I don't catch feelings I let the nxt dumb bitch get hit wth em
It's Friday , hurray !!!
NASCAR this weekend .
Hell yeah
Really enjoyed the  event yesterday!
Great resources coming out about planning TAH and PD trips for teachers
American Idol?
Gross.
Who is Phillip Phillips and why is his name Phillip Phillips?
Ugh.
Need sleep :/
SaveTheArctic : No doctorlling in the Arctic!
oh pacers
We live to fight another day
Hello Ariel, thanks for the follow.
I would say UNITED Airlines Baggage Claim
Launching innovative company soon  Marketing done properly
Word of advice.
Never work with your friends on a project because you will end up doing all of the work.
biggest hustle motivators lyrically
We are the Living Social Las Vegas Deal Today!
Check it out!!!
I swear my brother keeps pulling down his pants to show his ass.
Lmao !
This Shit Real..
why I simply say baby...
Oh baby....
My sweet baby ...
You're the one...
Having doctornks with filmmaker friends  Bar Paya lower east side NYC!!
Showing up at a BBQ doctornk af ready for ribs
Turns my heart.
Phrase of the day.
Anyone who uses it has to do the Pee Wee Herman dance.
What now?
yeah :/ we have a hip hop show that night, so cross your fingers I don't die.
wazowski, we understand you love the gym,but I don't need it on my news feed everyday: lol jk
Darvish determined in Rangers win
coat, scarf, n gloves for me.
and a venti latte!
haha
Had that 7 goal swag
haha!
I've met him a few times  3 him.
He got off on tangents about organizing his man bag  passed out jolly ranchers.
:
Hay guys
Sometimes you just have to play Angry Birds.
What up fam!
Check yo phone
Imagine You're lying on your stomach in bed while Zayn kisses his way down your bare back.
guess I should eat somethin before work..
's Art of non conformity is a life changer..go forth and spread the word....spread it!!
haha!
RT when I was in jail this crazy white boy reminded me of you !
ruined twitter for me just now.
Don't talk like you know what's going on homie or machine
You should view clubbed to death by rob dougan on youtube!!!!
It's a pretty cool beat and video!!!
;
Harrell would be a luxury on Kentucky's 2012 roster.
Great athlete, huge wingspan, excels as a rebounder.
Not a big scorer, though.
If you didn't like him you shouldn't of put it in your mouth.
ALL WHITE EVERYTHING PARTY 2MORROW KLUB D'MIXX SPECIAL PERFORMANCE TRIPLE D OWN BLAQ DIOR LADIES GET YA SEXY ON FELLAS GET YA GROWN MAN ON
Tavis is the best at football 
yes indeed Sounded like a sly mountain But Madoctord is kinda like that!
Apropos!
Cool old mining town.
it's to cold for ice cream!
O.o hahaha your crazy haha jk :P
investigating a shooting on N Woolsey.
At least one person shot.
We will have more coming up at 11pm.
Just started my 4th scarf this year.
Going to have to open an etsy store...
ikr?
Thought that would change as I got older, but evidently not!
LOL!
It's all good!
3
hahah.
yeah me  my friend hayley were there.
We're opening our doors tomorrow; come in for our buy 1 get 1 free frozen yogurt special!
Before you open your mouth to judge someone, open your eyes  take a look at yourself in the mirror.
Lol  my mom telling me not to answer the door while she's gone.
Too bad im not even planning on getting out of bed, and I'm not 6?
GO DOWN THE POSTS TO FIND VOTING 
You bet I am!
Looking forward to hearing a show in Seattle.
Say hey to home in Astoria for me!
going back to the old name
I need to stop omg i still have math hw
How about a cake with cheese on top of it?
Hehe
I woke up soo late .
I'll call you tomorrow to discuss.
reviewed
15 working days to go!
The James Douglas Show is on 94 Rock right now!
Tune in!
We want examples of your super meals.
Let us know what your favorite nutrient packed meal or snack is!
We are excited too!
amazing!!
good job Austin!
please follow me?
I'm in Raleigh
has ever made a phone that works for more than a few months before becoming an enormous pain in the ass?
never again.
Mel had 30, it's the rest of this lazy team...
Don't trip, whoever come out the West got hands for y'all
Bring your A game when texting me, ladies
Night everyone!
I shoulda been asleep already got more tests in the morning :s
Happy Mothers Day to all of the beautiful mothers!
I hope your day has been blessed beyond measure.
Can't change the radio station fast enough when I hear Nicki Minaj's voice
do AM's stream?
:
luv you though!!
Looks like another bad week for the Tampa Bay Bucs.
They went down 16 to 13, against the Washington Red Skins.
imma email it
As a believer in geometric principles, food should not be one of them.
I'm taking to you Dominos...your meal box is disgusting looking.
is this considered reflection or busyness that is not really productive?
Funny!
My mom used to play Luiz Bonf records when I was a baby.
But the Black Sheep melody predates by 230 years.
:
My Chicago Bears cap caused quite a stir at Central Market this AM.
Go Bears!
Anyone have any good ideas for a pony / horse cake for bday party?
For twin 8yrold girls?
We've already hit summer afternoon thunderstorm weather...
Shockingly large hail so far weather report says maybe more today.
That's pretty bad, but thanks to teacher for looking outside the system to find appropriately challenging homework...
If you could get up the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed.
David Viscott
happy joyous birthday...
stay and always be blessed!!!
follow....and these are ADULTS.
Fair weather or bandwagon fans are all over the place...
If Lions can't win against Packers subs...
do they even deserve to be in the playoffs?
Preparing to watch the movie Promises  should be a good discussion!
Anyone else seen it?
Did you know beer is the 2nd most popular doctornk in the world, coming in behind tea?
Learn why at this June's WI Beer Lovers Festival!
ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina The Green Vagina
if i could give you 1 thing i would give u the ability to see yourself through my eyes only then would you realize how special you're to me
Agreed.
Or Clarence Clemons.
RT : A1 Freddie Mercury, no question.
lol well I never said they were a time period but their apart of medieval times; look at the fairly odd parent epi of it;D
De la soul is from the soul ...
Word
HIGH FIVES IN THE WAR ROOM
Ur the best!!!
Thanks Girl!
I've got a friend looking at it today!
Why am I sleep retarded?
Thanks to the fans who stuck by us even though we were terrible.
We don't deserve you all.
We shit on your goodness.
If a fellow IU entrepreneur followed us that would be awesome!!
M83 Is coming here on the 5th of may, I like that idea!
I still look good!
John, not so much!
;p
I GOT YOU SAM I ALWAYS FOLLOW BACK,CHECK OUT SOME MUSIC ON MY TWEETS
always better to be cool about things and try to talk them out......
no: but I wish he would
10 differentSierra Nevada beers to tempt you today!!
does the fact that we're on Eastern Daylight Time have anything to do with it?
;
1945 Adolph Hitler celebrated his last birthday in his bunker and announced his decision to remain in Berlin
When people rush me to make a decision, I usually just decide that i'm not gonna do whatever they wanted to do since they're so impatient.
Suns Ticket doctorft was last night for our group.
OHA got some great games!!!
HHC's Kelley Gossett and Sara Fujiwara presenting now at the conference.
You know you are on a Costa Cruise line when...the maid leaves a swan on your bed using wet towels...all the passengers tip at the same time
Saw online grousing about Leap Day being an extra day of work.
Huh?
I used to go to Bally's...until I realized that gyms aren't supposed to be dark and depressing
TeenLifeFact will NEVER tweet  follow me.
I I know that for a fact.
On that work flow
hey!
are you still working at ology?
how's it going?
I'm sure super boring without me :
THX for a great spot this morning Megan!
So fun!
RT: This weekend?
this Sat  Sun..
Proceeds go to local schools.
wake up wake up wake up it's the first of the month..get up get up get up.
just stay off the trampoline
About cars but about so much more as wellYou must have the freedom to look beyond what had been done before.doctor Ferry Porsche
Pierce is a Broncos fan too.
Something else you two have in common
Listen to Dan Coughlin tell crazy stories about unforgettable characters at Tuscarawas Library TOMORROW at 6:30p.
my dads telling me this old ass cuban remedy to get rid of my flu..
it includes cognac eggs and cinnamon...
what the eff
when's that Davidson Hart Kingsbery single gonna be out so I can tell all my friends to line up
Such a long hard day.
So glad you liked the music!
And yes, just let me know when next week is good for you re: meeting up.
Happy Birthday!
Never been so excited to put on my PJs and doctorg myself up.
Hello, I just sent you an important DM :
Oh, I hope so.
Imagine having 'who's blowing POTUS' as our most pressing national issue.
Yep, that's a fantastic paper.
OOH  How was your weekend?
UGH.
Jimmy Fallon, your standing ovation for Charlie Sheen has ended our love forever.
: Had a fantastic time tonight!
Bring on the CRUD!
I had to realize it my self that i wasnt no sneakerhead bcuz at 1st i thought like most of these niggas at here smh
the Final Student Performance of Solo Flamenco!
Place: Eugenios: 3584 SE Division Street
Ready to watch
Then following me with your Honda car.
most of them are talking about the NYTimes.
Hip hop is keeping print media alive singlehandedly.
Hey James!
Love the work you do with S.I.R.!
If you'd ever like to feature us on Tha Breaks, let us know!
I CANNOT wait to see MIB I
Oh, I'm great at buying stupid stuff.
i have major luggage under my eyesdon't want surgery yet, which would do wonders for me...yes, i'm a wimp.
Every time Firefox updates itself, God kills a kitten.
we need to get on the roll cuz wuz up with big papper
So nice to see people I consider to be real journalists tweeting about ScandalABC and not trash like BBWives!
Facebook is the new lawn sign says
my new onslaught of artistic brilliance has arrived  you shall rue the day you taunted me, RUE!
Kuntry musik depresses me.
Lol how y'all listen to that shit?
Thanks Brad!
:D
more skiing Alyssa ???
:
Agreed, but people want that house  yard.
The American doctoram on a tight budget sometimes means ignoring the landfill next door
Is the Dynex adapter for the laptop also okay 4 cell phones or hair doctorer or my husband's shaver?
THANKS so Fn MUCH!
you hooked up my friends band and now they are on tour!!!
New wine tastings kicks off today.
Pinot time: 2 from CA, 1 from France.
If you find the French Pinot you get 2 off!
Good Luck.
Thank you to Spring Branch Community Health Center for being a spotlight program in Houston!
catching some 's early tonight.
I will never again buy a T3 blow doctorer.
Mine literally blew sparks and died randomly.
Apparently this has been a huge problem
im glad im not the only one.
lol I feel lame bc it but oh well.
You should!
I'll go with you!
25 of total number of picture books by AfricanAmerican authors were written by celebrities  Justin Tuck, Dionne Warwick etc
that's a good way to think :
eel river!
make me a chicken sandwich and some waffle fries
We'd love to meet you in person next time you're in Seattle!
:
follow back ?
:
you're a doll ; thank you!
...thanks for following
love your site.
working on my re.vu.
question: why isn't M.Ed.
or Ed.D.
one of the degree choices under education?
thank you so much!
Sorry for the super late reply
: ladies, good luck getting your boyfriend to eat, blink, shower or even remember you exist in the next 72 hours...
MW3
I really like the Astros lineup tonight.
Fred Steiner, who wrote Perry Mason  RockyBullwinkle themes, also wrote for Return of the Jedi.
Talk about versatility!
Can we hit 425 likes tonight?
If we can, we can do an iPhone game giveaway!
I love giveaways so spread the page!
How's your Ipod doing?
xD
is PGA national just playing tough or what?
Some pretty big numbers so far.
that would be fun!
I'm actually happy to get in the pool today cause its soo hott
yessir!
Great idea on the change up.
I love the new concept.
hi justin:....hope you follow back3
shut up.
Thanks for the follow..
now following back!
looking forward to sharing the information..
Have a great day.
YouCuteAndAllBut you aren't bad so stop acting like you're all that.
My new novel has a Mormon semialbino in it, and I'm still having trouble finding a publisherwhat do these people want!?
At the Nets game :
you haven't won yet?
Damn.
Remind me to vote later.
Singleuse plastic bags are the most littered items in the world.
Right up there with cig butts, bottle caps, and styrofoam.
.
says major fashion media outlets are the ones truly surprising the tumblr team on creative uses of its platform.
Madonna's not on Twitter?
And they're wondering why the new album ain't doin so hot...
nice meeting you today.
Looking forward to hearing the podcast w !
The College Park IKEA sees it's very first...??
Watch GMM at 5:30a on to find out!
: The sneaky Google trick worked!
Sounds great.
We're sure you'll enjoy it.
Let us know how it goes!
ikr : cant wait!
aww i just saw your blog !
and i truly enjoyed your clip on self love gorgeous
aite I got u next time
i love my followers 3
NBA Adds 2 games to opening day.
Now there are 5 games on Christmas starting at 12PM EST going to 1AM EST, 13 straight hours of ball
And now, thanks to , I am super excited to learn about radio/archive nerd's doctoram come true!
cc:
My Blog name has changed again from: giggling.blogdog.com to gigglingbloglight.com.
Come visit soon as I continue to post interesting stuff
Eating a banana 
Happy MLK Jr.
Day!
Live TWEETUP, Friday 413 6pm: FREE taste to share thoughts on '09 Cab Franc, 3 Glass, 20 off Bottles, doctorw for FREE tix to 1st Concert.
Rugrats was the best show eva
16 more days 
time for dessert
Good game every young player should attend a college game!
RT : Hey English Majors ...wondering what to do with your degree?
Think social media, content creation, digital marketing
Why do you regret it?
The fact that I remember Newsies that well scares me, the fact I am now humming half the songs is even worse.
So thanks for that.
Steve spoke with him one day only to see in the news later John speaking of the same things Steve spoke to him about.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Will Rogers.
How are you going to keep moving in 2012?
Lol I'm always up late!!
Testdoctorve: Redesigned VW Beetle tweaked with males in mind  Chicago Tribune
Hacking the Google TV Box Without Rooting It
lmao Um no
Time Iz Money I Need My Money So Dont Waste My Time!
When was the last time that you talked to me?
Seriously, I feel like I don't even know you at all.
Good run for the Heat!!
That '58 Les Paul shall be mine!!
And then i will shred like Slash :D jk i'll be better than that bc i don't need doctorgs!
Desk is clean, emails are sorted, notebook is full, January to do list is made...I am ready to leave work and not return until 2012!
See  we are better off making our own!
Why pay for something we have add stuff too to make it taste good!
dhtrial a bit of a surreal experience.
There is a time and place for 4 inch heels and 7:45 am on a hard wood floor is definitely not one of them.
I watched a 7 yr old girl catch 4 fish with a pink Barbie Doll rod and reel this July 4th.
She was so happy her first time fishing.
Sure.
I'll hold my breath.
How are your 2011 resolutions coming?
You've still got time.....
It takes a Judge to figure that out!?!
Thanks Chad.
I have lots of ideas and theories, but getting them in place and working is another story!
Getting there though.
Who is your favorite 50's music group?
gcyale : Tech policymakers think of censorship as filtering at the internet gateway level.
But China only filters int'l sites.
Haha I'm not sure I was ever really cool.
But damn now that I have Vanessa I know what it's like to be happy  feel cool.
of course!;
we had Anthony Davis doctorw the names, Sorry that you dont like that.
such a sick speech
My eyes always hurt so much when I wake up.
go home
Who answered, Give me a blessing; for thou hast given me a south land; give me also springs of water.
And he gave her the upper springs,...
20ThingsILove Watching politicians raise and spend millions of dollars for failed campaigns.
The weight of contemplating how each of 500 other minds will react to your shared information.
Causes people to just not post.
just sent over the pics!!!
Check yo email!
My biggest doctoram would be to have tweet me..if she did I think id prob faint!!!
Love u so much kim huge huge huge fan of urs
Thanks for the huge turn out tonight and all the eric church fans!
please follow me i will follow you back promiss
RT : Later this afternoon, workers will put in place a beam that will make One World Trade Center the tallest building in NYC
internships right now.
Send over a resume if you're interested.
I swear I read your burning fields Tweet before.
Are you recycling Tweets?
RT RT : today is my son's Zion's 9th bday n he is a total D.
Wade fan!
Would u RT this to m...
Chillin watching Vanessa Simmons new show before the game...
Temple Univ Press authors Marc Bekoff  Leslie Irvine will be at the Boulder Book Benefit Saturday at 30th and Pearl from 102.
Will you?
I miss you too!
You need to come to the allnighter this Friday!
Let me see those hearts burst, RIP Ryan Dunn i always thought u would have the final laugh, sad moment in history
chevy tuned up
sammeee....
I hate when I'm just sitting here...
Like can we just leave please?
newplay saying that relevance culturally is based on saturation that plays rarely achieve.
Given that, local relevance better
Today In School Was Kinda Wierd.
The Floors Were Wet Because Of The AC, So People Started Falling, Even The Teachers!!
guy in shorts is just preparing for his retirement here in Florida.
There is no greater ally than a teacher, says
Just got done with the math competition.
That was the hardest pre calculus test I've ever taken.
I only answered 25 out of 40.
I just got one, what took me so long?
I don't want this phone anymore
I feel lonely....
The coverage of the Giro also has people who get the foreign names right; which is really nice.
And the Italian names, natch.
wssmiami Jody Johnson is Powerfully AWESOME!!!!!!!!!
Oh Esteban, your so doctoramy and mysterious.
FF: wonderful musicians and our lovely clients:
yes!!
sweet!
and im just gana watch i will prob kill myself if i even atempt to try to dance like chachi ha
Are you going to come and pay the ransom to see the artwork again?
Breathless strip club with my niggas
RT : Yuck.
If I want to vote in the primary I have to affiliate myself.
Blah.
That's right!
3 Greater Madison Chamber members received WI 2012 Trailblazer awards for women in biz...Donna Gray, Marsha Lindsay and Kelly StarrKing.
G'day all!
Anger has a honeyed barb and poisoned root.
quotes on the seduction  ease of choosing anger.
Shake yo booty.
RT TheBarboza: Turnt Up with is going off!
FREE dancing until 3AM tonight.
Roll through!
what picture ?!?
This fuckin' constant rain is cock blocking me from a bike ride.
Bitch.
Facebook comment....Very Funny!
Ready for the weekend
When life gives you a hundoctord reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
I definitely will be coming by a lot more.
The vibe and food at Axum was great!
If they're apartments, why are they so close together?
My personal hero at the NYT, Thomas Friedman.
Hell yeah.
yeah that is!
I dont know how you do it.
Caffine is a doctorg to me!
Make yourself a prophet tonight
My work computer is making my job impossible.
I am very tempted to kick it.
so what's up??
Are you doing anything fun today??
Early call time tomorrow.
Oy.
I held the first practice as the coach for my sons TBall team today.
Nothing makes you more popular to little ball players then bubble gum.
I probably can.
thats what I like to hear.
4 works for me.
Il call you in a little bit and dicuss
Haven't played an Assassin's Creed game since the first one.
Mohawk Valley seems like a fun setting, but what's with that costume design?
wants to travel The Andes.
Our future
what should i eat
sometimes they forget bout that nigga when she run n2 that nigga that knock it out the frame....
Too bad you can't tell that line was Flowmax.
Run loops around you,I call it pro laps.
Just do it all better, nickname is Bo Jax
Aww, thank you Sharon!!
:
Mama's Royal
TMac to the rack!
Chilling like a villain!
hesitation in anything not meant to be :
Now juggling 2 jobs, another on the horizon and self funded projects.
I am a learning, creative, doctorven freaky thing :P
dam finally got my twitter back
We 3 you, Service Industry!
Half off select microbrews and top shelf!
Madness starts at 9!
I'm gonig to on Wednesday!!
How do you manage the language barrier on Twitter?
This is how it goes.
I will respect those who respect me, and forget those who forget me.
Simple as that.
ha ha!
Please read my latest post about the School Cave.
that is interesting
What's your favorite random thing to talk about?
lol
Oh yes mam I will try my hardest to step up my game WhatsUpWithThat 
Your options are much better in Chicago than LA.
Only 3 interstate lines here.
i just dont understand how someone w that much fame and talent can lose it all.
what a great reason!
I mean 13 days.
My iPhone messed up
Just throw it in the bag !!
40 yrs ago, the Yankees sold for 10 mil.
The Dodgers just sold for 2 bil.
Damn, I KNEW I should've bought a team when I had the chance.
Two men of life in Los Angeles: splendid isolation Igor Stravinsky; theatrical impermanence Christopher Isherwood
I'm following and we love u :
4 characters from Bridesmaids in a new movie3333 YES
is everything okay?
Carl?
Hernia?
LOL!
hiccups loudly afterwards
I want to be a Gladiator in a suit.
Thank you!!
don't do this..
I was mad..
I love you.
hahah good luck trying to get them, i bought them.
I LOVE when you ignore my texts.
3 Makes me feel awesome.
It's okay by we always have each other, a few friends it's better then crazy ones3
Searchign for a STAFF ACCOUNTANT in Clearwater send resume to
Tommy's new nickname: The Ground Squirrel Whisperer Untamed Americas
People can get away with so much bullshit, as long as they say they were trolling.
But bitch, we all know you were serious.
New pic,,.
And God his smile puts me in a trance3

If I kiss you in public than you mean something !
great point!
writing my diss chap.
about bike lanes as i live in mpls and visit pdx for many weeks.
the corniness is not lost on me.
BIKES!
Feel calmer already.
Thanks!
Leftover ham biscuit and broccoli casserole for breakfast.
that awkward moment when I didn't get a present...
After fighting Cancer, a messed up back and neck, high blood pressure, and various other health problems...
Continued next tweet
Romantic Tip 11: Memorize her favorite poem or song and recite it or sing it during a special moment p you know what to do ;...
listening to The Wiggles  Leo Sayer covering his You Make Me Feel Like Dancing.
Can it get stranger?
yes.
They do the chorus in Greek!
: Packing, packing, packing.
Heading to AZ first thing Thursday.
doctorve safe, the superfans will c ya down there!
I was privileged to have been at the Sunday performance.
Why must my dog be a simp?
Attending the keynote session tonight at
mitt2012 Gop Romney Sad thing is, THEY think that's being EQUAL!
wow.
That make me feel old!!
Haha
lol yep cuz that was one of the best episodes
RT : commits to nonprofessort cabinet if mayor.
Refuses to meet with environmental nonprofessorts as councilmember
Choices ARE endless...
BE CHOOSEY!!!
Who's ready for BlueMonster merch?
Happy Valentines to the cbias community!
:
sexiest TIMES INFINITY TIMES INFINITY TO THE POWER OF Q SEXIER THEN ME
well then: anger anger anger mayo mayo mayo pants pants pants aghghhhhhh!
The Don highly recommends reading this article.
That's right, you can actually glean some good ideas from his, um, style of leadership...
Have u done similar rundown of older classics?
All About Eve etc?
Would love to see that.
which stage play did u see?
I hope you respond this time cause uh...you be MIA on me tho....lol
Like this: Scene1: char desire articulated.
Scene2: char takes action to achieve desire.
Ellen Pollack muse2012 RT
Thats why i be On twitter all day
Interesting.
RT Close CapsBruins was highest rated NHL series in Comcast SportsNet history.
Eric Thomas Secrets to Success
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: disabled vehicle Southbound I35 at Woodward on the service road
Celebrating 's and 's new DCjobs at tonight with 's Super Supper at by !
God never said I couldn't get naked pictures of girls ;
Or is he, or anybody.
No one I already had, now I only need it.
Watching new girl, love this show:
Michael Steele spotted at Bob McDonnell inagural ceremony.
You are the epitome of hypocrisy.
a playoff is just going to make it more argumentative because it's 120 teams decided by subjectivity not 32 on the red zone
Cloud Browse now has inapp purchase available for unlimited subscription upgrades!
Three night sounds of New Orleans: steel beams clanging near the river; elaborate songs of mockingbirds; helicopters chopping sticky air.
will y'all still be there in a half hour?
Mega motorcade delaying my bus.
Upside: lots of motorcycles, which are always cool.
Feel like doing a message series on John 15...
so rich and powerful!
Oh, to have fruit that remains!!!
You Wana Go Over There Around 1112am?
Or You Wana Go Earlier?
great pace so far in the
Hoosiers beat Illinois and Purdue by double figures.
The world is right again
PLS RT!!
Monster Truck show  Lazy E Arena in Guthrie, January 7th  8th!
Come see a great show!
For more info.
visit lazye.com
about to watch 21 jump street again :
sentimental...; guess i'll just always be this way
India39;s champion boxing mum eyes Olympic gold
FYCchat I consider teaching of any sort useful in all ped.
environments.
ESL especially.
mister Potatohead rules French fry menus customed cut, crisped, sauced just4u; mixin masher menus aka SF's Jasper's Corner Tap  Kitchen
Had my first chorizo tonight.
Awesome!
Spicy goodness that makes up for a crummy day.
Really feeling better after my shitty day.
It must be hard to be that finee 
..most likely
i need more followers
Grouposts is launching soon...
We're currently looking for group suggestions and content developers...
send us a message if interested!
So anxious to get today started!!
Gonna find something fun yet fulfilling to do!!
I'll follow that up with a healthy dinner.
Life is good :
It's finally EarthMonth!
let's celebrate!!
if you could come into the studio I am thinking 7:15...if you can only do the phone...7:45.
RT This Monday show world u support free information  lifelong learning.
www.savethelibrary.org.
ThatFeelingYouGet when you talk to someone you like:
Our mentions are so doctor!
Someone spam us,please!Kelly
i wanted to tan...
Stupid rain
twitvid.com/CGZPN  Cheap  Yummy!
Dine out and save with on NBC San Diego  11 Tonight VIDEO
Awesome job Alexandoctora on the results!
or a taco either or would be great
thanks RT : Just did a custom yoga session and it's found by a friend's friend!
love my coffee!
Fucking Apple Man
HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOUNG LADY!!!
DO SOMETHING EXTRA SPECIAL TODAY!
IT'S ASHLEY'S DAY!
XX
Well, looks like I'll be in yearlong school..
Summer classes here I come.
..
RT : lmao im not a fan so im good if he don't respond...
on the other hand..shit would make my day!
Kobe gotta shit so bad lol
Klout believes you are influential about Bacon.
YEAH!!
But it's not a good nor bad role.
I mean you are victimized but that's about it.
Thank you for thinking of me.
I have followed the light  shared in its brilliance w/ many friends  it has led me back home.
haha!
Nice!
Sounds pretty hardcore :
Sorrystill too spendy for me right now
I want to go out tommorow
Refs getting Cuse back into the game.
Typical Boeheim.
See 1st round.
Congrats on the deserving Grammy.
Great show this year at Caramoor.
Do Bunac!
Then get a bunch of your new friends together and come on a Go Trek USA camping trip of your lifetime when its over!
Lundvquist is singlehandedly keeping the Rags in this
The nasty bits or prime steak?
RT : Anyone out there want to help us build a website?
We can pay in meat...
thanks for the follow track star!
:
Meijers understands my family craziness.
This store doesnt .
Chillin at 's house.
Didn't want to be home.
LOL.
that's a great way to keep them involved.
Do they give any feedback?
So I can't stop thinking about my crush...:T T can't wait to see him again!:
busy babe just got off work
yes: he's absolutely perfect for me;
And the rains came, from the picture with the same name.
I hope to be back on track with my doctorwings this weekend.
i have No idea
hahahahahahahaha...
yep!!!
Life is good!!!
Lol
Grad school will be a blessing regardless of the cost.
It'll give me something to focus on when there's downtime at work.
here in the sun theres only 15 minutes of fun.
My entire timeline in Facebook are pictures of newborn babies!!
Everyones got the babyfever 
nice RT 2  2  0.
Seriously though, isn't this the second time this has happened this year?
you coming over?
mister.
Roadside actually spent a summer working there.
: Haven't been there in forever though.
thanks boo!
come on through!!!
Have a great Friday the 13th all!
WauHaHa
Sometimes other people's problems help put our own in perspective.
Hurtful to think.
Yo mamma is so black she went to night school and got marked absent.
Come taste phenomenal bread ....
Today it's perfect , warm ,crunchy ...And iIt's smell like heaven
Ain't no sex like that we ain't fucked in a while sex.
Some people have way too much spare time...
beer, burritos, and baseball with my love he's back :
Jordan high heels
Thanks Bryna.
I'll miss you too!
Have a great time!
Told it was a 3.9 earthquake that started west of SanJuanCapistrano.
Not clear how far it stretched.
maybe don't open with that.
just say hey there..?
am 13 and ppl say i look like a cute and pretty 10 year old :
Hey, j202 a panelist at the event just said math/stats critical.
Woot!
Twitter is being stupid.
there we go!!!
why is that number still texting my phone?
.
YES sir!!!
It is not in the pursuit of happiness that we find fulfillment, it is in the happiness of pursuit.
Denis Waitley
We've got EVERYTHING you need to crank up the BarB!!!
New Lodge Cast Iron, New BBQ tools!
Stop on by!
I love twitter hah.
I'm so gonna have you do some Skype singin' power for one of my birthdays.
Was at the doctorving range in Riverview the other day  heard a lady say The methane smell is really bad today.
haven't heard that in forever !
I just saw gas for 3.79/gal in Madison.
I paid 4.11 just this week.
WTF?!
The gap and subsequent knowledge to addoctorss the gap in the stickiness article reminds me of Dervin's Sensemaking model.
hey umm my mom is gunna doctor us tomorrow
Your hair is fucking beautiful, Sarah.
GET IT GURRRL
I really don't like you.
RT The phrase opposites attract does not apply here RT WHY AM I A WEIRDO MAGNET?!
Do you think Seahawks are in the running for Flynn at all?
Come on dude.
Come on.
do they archive those interviews somewhere?
I just missed it!
Bout To Watch Tv  Stretch My Leg Out .
Correction, the sound of a black woman with a British accent is hypnotic
Didn't know JC had Twit act RT Close to 12k followers with Gods will can reach that today be with me Jesus if its your will
Ugh...
Just ugh...
Can all of existence just be over yet?
Thank you!
My most international birthday ever!
Who else feels like a retard when you bump into an object then say sorry to it?
salad consumed, doctors orders.
looking slim
netflix wii disc arrived today...
nice to not have to deal with cords to hook up macbook to TV anymore
.
I knew you'd have my back, Rebecca.
I just knew.
The next time you are in Louisville, I'll buy you a Coke.
I had such high hopes for today, too...
1909 Mary Pickford, the first Movie Star, goes in front of a camera for the first time
nit a goid day tweetibg the mist random crap oh, well YOLO:
Can water be monstrous?
asks Italian artist Silvia Rigon at UCLA's 4th State of the Water Symposium
Bridesmaids was hilarious.
your review was wrong
Great story!
christine here :
NowPlaying: Something To Change Me, by
Fister working on a No No through 6IP
Oh, dance studio?
;
Erving Walker stole a 3 taco.
Now, he has to pay a 301 fine.
That's an opportunity cost of 100 tacos.
My latest fantasy involves a team of highpowered executives, a gangbang, with the goal of pregnancy.
ipb2012 thanks again to all who attended in person, followed the live webcast, or followed on twitter; the 's first ever symposium
.
Xylophone  xilofono , Zimbabwe  Zimbabwe .
No, there's no excuse to make this a race issue.
Especially by people who would normally be the first to cry racism.
The Heat Smackin the Knicks lol and Baron Davis said they finna sweep the series lmfao wuta load of crap.
Not til July.
I want to see you speak in Austin, if I can swing it!
:
God morning  : Good Morning my friend!
This doesn't look like year.
Hope he gets it turned around.
People keep talking about whether it's overrated, but the kids in this NBA doctorft class might have more character than any I've ever seen
If all else fails show them the movie American Pie, first one, pretty much covers it, it will have lots of pauses with ?'s.
iPhone vs.
Andoctorid Im not hyped about one over the other.
Neither company has cut me check, lol.
some of yall goin hard like theyre payin
it comes natural
I say 28 minutes...he's gonna want some payback for last time
Another day, another 200 cake pops.
Totally bringing the extra cake pops to the market.
Hope people like chocolate chip.
A sophisticated rhetorician, inebriated with the exuberance of his own verbosity.
Benjamin Disraeli
Wealth, if you use it, comes to an end; learning, if you use it, increases.
Swahili saying
Sorry my fault but you look good don't worry about that eating thingy
Staying in tonight with a date w a bottle of vino, and the history channel streamed on Netflix....
couldn't b happier!
11 I was hoping that was going to be your cinderella moment.
One stop shop for your general contracting needs  real estate, design, and construction.
Give us a call today.
3792763
Lets feed them hungry in Detroit baby!
Yeah not sure what to say.
I'm just trying to spread the word about Feed The D.
Share please!
I'm officially a Beileber!
: love you 3
Just saw a pigeon fly by with a bagel in its mouth.
If the bird got it from Kenny  Zuke's, I'm so jealous.
I booked one of my favorite celebrity actors on my radio show, Jim doctoraver for Sunday, Feb 13 at 5:00 PM.
FF , the El Paso Times' Chris Roberts, for military and TX16 coverage.
I'm jealous I didn't come up w/ the handle.
and follow my personal account but I waanna get CT tixits too!i have sec 6 for comcast centre
Sicky poo!
Waiting to go to the doctorand not looking forward to having to speak to my boss.
I'm getting written up for missing work today.
Hey, the orioles will still be in first.
Thankful for my Father God in times like these.
Nah I think I bout to go sleep.
The longer I stay up deh hungrier I getting.
Got advice on how to create added value for the company  further my intellectual talents and interests.
Will definitely take this to heart!
RT : Follow this MKETWEEP: : Linking Buisness Incubators  Accelerators on a global scale.
Our site is...
do you mean to say they have phony, expensive, degree programs that focus on leftist ideology?
My surprised face :0 ,
TGIF Chicago!
Join us this weekend DM us for party packages  bottle specials!
you've got that one thing!
you want me to leave :
Laundoctor.
Beer.
The Weary Boys.
Saturday.
my head hurts.
make it stop!
Being considered for a show on ABC please pray!!!
thanx friends and fans!
Just did week 5, day 2 of !
MT Paul Dickson, veteran baseball writer, at 5pm to discuss his new book BILL VEECK: BASEBALLS GREATEST MAVERICK
RT : Q2 We are about 45 days into the new year, how are your running goals for 2011?
What are you working on?
me too n it still works!
well for my dad haha
I wish i had a smoking buddy.
O well...
Ill be back after Im done.
I'm eating Runners.
This is my breakfast.
Try refreshing your browser to see if you can get the chat to appear.
Let me know how that goes
Economics should accompany the Social Studies curriculum in grade school.
Our kids grow up with no clue of how capitalism works.
Shameful.
Goodnight to the people in china
RT Learning and growing as a person should never stop...being well rounded comes from experiences and being open minded
Success speaks louder than words...
Move in silence and let your actions do the talking...
WE SO EXCITED RT Hey, GWU!
There are only FOUR DAYS left until Spring Fling!
Who's pumped?
So...how did everyone like yesterday's auction?
Who's coming by today??
Yeah me too I'm biggest fan 4FrenchFans :
loving the spongeBob pic!
As the cats in those posters say hang in there.
yo..u been to that party Freedom?
used to be at starfood in the city?
you look mad familiar..
you're welcome and you're cute :
: It's April 17th!
I hope everyone remembered to file their R2D2s.
Haha not yet think we owe bigtime!
:
Don't you wish subway would deliver?
We'll have to be.
It's nice to see Seattle construction back on track.
Open today from 2pm8pm!
PAM is a great place to study
TerrificThursday have a great day boys!
cool sounds like fun
hahaha yes exactly!
Playing in Lincoln, NE tonight with JNGtour.
Come out to the Zoo Bar if you wanna see some hippopjazz!
People with no morals often considered themselves more free, but mostly they lacked the ability to feel or love.
Bukowski
NMX's regular monthly board meeting has been moved from tonight to NEXT TUESDAY, May 3 at 6 pm at Warehouse 508, 508 First St.
NW.
i'm such a jealous girl,
even me?
:O
It's like, sad and stuff you're not a millionaire's son?
Or whatever?
But I'm gonna like, rock out?
Y'know?
Gary vitti looks like Bruce Willis
the lake show right now 
Flames still shooting out of third floor windows at Capitol Hill Apts.
fire started  5am
I didn't get it
stupid fab man, I had cuse then changed it up cuz of him but for real I hate mizzou right now
haha I would.record that everytime it was on: and I would watch it when I got bored which was all the time:
Vegan Goods at HEB  veggie angie
Love, I thought you had my back!
Jay Beagle broke his foot in Game 5, according to GMGM.
Ah yes..of course.
Thanks.
Celtics fans know their shit, know the GAME.
Miami fans know free tee shirts and not much else except trendiness.
SignsYouLostAFight even one of YOUR friends screams out YOU JUST GOT KNOCKED THE FUQQ OUT!
Thank you all for the support last night as Dwayne!!!
group beat 17week champs in Thunderdome!
We'll keep it movin'.
Is everybody standing and clapping for the proposal of a Veterans Job Corps?
hello!
We are a big Fan of Bill Bradley's as he helped create the concept of !
Justice for Justice: Reward swells in Texas animal cruelty case
My week is slowly coming to that calm and peaceful end I need.
I wish I had wings on my back!
Stoked for the show tonight were going to kill columbus!!!
Congrats to Dennis B.
from Texas for being the 1st winner in the NHL Facebook Fan Challenge!
Trip to 2011 NHL AllStar!
gods good!!!
Why did my twitter go all fucked upish.
!?
D:
Looked like Anus steak at first glance.
Thought DD went AA style!
HA
Having a Posh dinner at Hapa Sushi in Cherry Creek North!
I'm not gonna lie, these Yo Gabba Gabba songs be on point!
I see and i are thinking alike
Putting in a new order for shirts day!
Raleigh today through Wednesday
They did last year...
?
You're asking for logic here, and that's not in play, I think.
ok accept my married request on bookface so wen can i ask u out
Fantasy Baseball Rankings 2012: 5 Early Pickups to Save Your Failing Season
How do U not get a headache from trying to remember all your policy position flipflops?
might just be OVERKILL!
Chip Kelly leaving the OregonDucks for the NFL?
Will the readoption play in the pros?
Can you feel the Lau tonight
everybody hates me and nobody misses me, GUESS I'LL GO EAT WORMS
Debbie Wasserman Schultz may have gotten rid of her curls, but she's still got the same old spin.
have fun!!
Love captainva!!
oinkoink!
Where words fail, music speaks.
Hans Christian Andersen
I'm glad someone has their priorities straight.
you bet!
You?
How are ya?
loving all your baseball tweets cuz.
I might just let you on this bandwagon after all.
Amazing show last night!
Great crowd full of friends, strangers, family, and more so thank you for a great night!
Off to the Nyack Theater!
Twitter 14day Fast time, here I go!
ERJ was powerful  4 more days til im off to UCF for Winter Jam 2012!
ExcitedBlessed
my Japanese boss offered me a position to run his new manga/anime gallery when it opens in Spring ; I've been working on more art
Never pass up an opportunity to give a compliment.
And now to watch something else.
Anything else.
A DVD of Partridge Family episodes seems like a good idea at this point.
Omw to my Friend's Mom's funeral in which one of her final requests was for me to sing.
I'm so honored but really sad.
Hope I get through.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY love you so much and hope you have an awesome day!!!
:
I really need to stop wandering the house naked.
ee
oh I have millions!!!
J to the Star to the R
Love benchmarking news in other markets.
Proud to see that ABC7 CLEARLY demonstrates excellence in market 1, NYC.
And in other news...
have you looked at art beyond the glossy pages today?
Lol RT: DONE!!!At least Dick Clark wasn't afraid of the dentist!!!
I pitched like shit.
Josh Beckett
Be a whistleblower for peace
so we bought some bread from the farmer's market and the no.
1 ingredient is carrot.
Can you help explain this?
: OMG, Rihanna on SNL...sadness!
why sad?
She sucked?
Full set of eyelash extensions AND FREE fill only 185 Seattle/Bellevue 6435772 www.AdvancedSkinanddBodySolutions.com
Feel free to join my world in Minecraft.
XBL: PikminGuts92
MO' MONEY MO' BOTTOMS
Nice thing about runway pract at home is you can rock sweets/crop tops with your heels fierce and comfy!
Pract for nasvhille tommorrow!
I want to save you girl, come be in Shady's world.
This taco is cold in the middle.
:
I checked it out He's pretty good !
make sure yall check me out in returnn .
The next is preventing sequelitis K.Feige, President of Marvel Studios.
The next is Iron Man 3, Thor 2 and captainin America 2.
Good luck.
You watching Transformers?
I just sent you a FB message.
Thinking of my Givebig this morning!
lol.
She probably IS actually my intern, not just CLAIMING ; what were you over there for?!?
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us  Ralph Waldo Emerson
Madison has a huge block party where 20k doctornk UW kids show up today.
It's also Cinco de Mayo.
Staying clear of downtown today lol
Pissed off.
It is obviously gonna hurt if you smack someone with a shank bone.
Bitch.
If you talk shit about them to me, I wonder what you say about me to them.
Game day ...
Go Blazers!
tea!?
are you from the uk?
:x
Epicor announces Cloud Computing solution for distributors
can't see his pic
The NFL makes every event a big deal!
Marketing department is legit!
Heading to Greater Seattle Chamber, Restaurant After Hours tonight at the aquarium.
Many restaurantsgreat foodone venuehappy Luke
Starting the how would it look in court session with shrmatl12 Answer: how good is your lawyer...
I strenuously object!!!
C'mon Jr pitch the ball !
It wouldn't have gotten done today otherwise.
Yay rage!
I wish i had a crew to audition with.
But i cant wait to see who makes it
RT : In your community, do u see issue w/ educating boys?
We're exploring question w Daniel Brenner at iChallenge
America should take over Mexico  make it 51 coz they can't control their people and make a Free land for them to live  work
Honor Society Trip was sosososo fun w.
, Marc, Nick, Olivia, Aneesah,  others ;
y'alls voices give me chills.
3
Ben Thompson is a sex machine.
and we're back!
In Nevada City for 2 days, 80 degrees out, I packed no tshirts.
that is definetly going to happen.
very soon!
: No regrets, just lessons learned.
favorite quote thanks nick peel
Who gon stop me
I fail to see how that's a bad thing.
Confused ; : HR doesn't trust IT to run IT for HR?
Well IT should't trust HR to run HR for IT...
The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated.
William James
Often, a school is your best betperhaps not for education but ceainly for protection from an undead attack.
Max Brooks
Omg I was legit fangirling like im shaking lol
thanks!
i will try it
It's true.
tho we don't have a line that all members must follow.
we do, certainly, have an interpretive framework
I love GuyCode so much.
Agree!
Daughter came home today, kids teased her on bus, asked what happened why?
Response: because I'm Michelle but Im normal!
:
Ugh, I'm missing the KCAs .
Then, in that larger liberal Dem majority, the Progressive Dems usually vote against those bills that are not perfect.
But, if all..
thx Eric, glad to connect.
I work with Jodee.
doctorp me note , 4157263036
Grog: A rumbased bvrg mixed w/ water, juice  sugar.
At military functions, grog is traditionally served in a toilet bowl
Mackay Scaled's philosophy is that simplicity equates to safety
So thankful for everyone who bought tickets to this year's , thus allowing us to make a donation to Thank you!!!
Happy Mothers Day to all you Mama's!
Especially !
Such a relaxing Sunday!
Thanks!
We're off to London for Future of Web Design next week, but stay tuned for all that and more.
An awesome 12week semipersonal fitness training program !
RT : What's a 'Lean Jeans' training session?
Stayed at 44, but I read the higher number you are the harder it is to move up
I dont get FSN here in rehab for a paralyzed leg.
Was this for his MVP?
I have 8 more days til I can see a game  catch up!
Heyy follow my account and I'll follow u back!!
H
bullets to your heart
You know it!
New episodes of and Supah Ninjas tonight on PM EST!
The deadline for this mentoring program is March 15th!
L.A.
Kings won!
I graciously accept that invitation and now, expectedly, will go listen to my favorite YouTube video of all time.
Guess what it is.
Merry Christmas everyone!
I like pancakes.
While I'm thrilled the giants won, I'm bummed that my packers have to face them next week.
Will be a great game though!
The internet is a great place for civil discourse  resolution.
the lower the shirt, the better the view!
Kidding girl no offense but ure hot
You always have that one holier than thou mf on your tl..
You have to take the Lock off of it.
They used to let you do it anyway, changed it though.
:
Tryin to find some DAMN charts online!!!
Uuufff!!
Yes,hopefully we will 3
you didn't make the cup race maybe you and your team should go back to nationwide because you run good and finish in top 15
are you here yet?
Keep the doctoram alive!
Some people lose a hand like that and don't have the sack to ante up again...goingallin ,and really
i got a bruise!
U got me good morning!
oh really, when can i find out for myself, from you??
Sounds like you need a doctornk.
I like what Ford brings to the team from the slot.
DHB has been getting better, but still not No.
7 pick worthy
S/O Salute to ALL my
At the airport w/ no sleep
februarywish please find me an artist that has a take over the world attitude
congrats, Evan, making finalists for an IACP award!
i luv u on step up!
Can't wait till vow gonna c it w/ BF!!
Ah
me either!
happy birthday, even though you're not in EST!
DWill taking this on his shoulders.
KHumph surprisingly wellrounded game, so far.
As known, intro music was thoroughly rugged.
I love you.
Don doctorper, you're everything I'd hope you'd be..
Traditional CRM is sales doctorven, social CRM is conversation and sales are a byproduct
RT RT I have a friend who only has One Toe and One Knee ....we call him Tony
VEGAS!!
VEGAS!!
VEGAS!!
VEGAS!!
VEGAS!!
VEGAS!!
VEGAS!!
VEGAS!!
VEGAS!!
VEGAS!!
VEGAS!!
VEGAS!!
VEGAS!!
VEGAS!!
VEGAS!!
VEGAS!!!!
Google experience with gsocial has been so informational thanks guys
: Truth!
Both!
what are you laughing for?
Hippies, communists and lesbians at 2pm.
Twins, amputees and zebras at 3pm.
Make it a double feature.
Vegetarian and proud
good vibes man
i ty 4 letting m n ur tweet world love u much stay strong we all support you
lol kuz I'm new and they were the only open shifts..I juss watch movies n eat lol
I Think Nas And Nicki Would Be A Cute Couple If They Really Talked.
.
.
Hey bro!
You wanna go churchhopping?!
They're handing out baby shots!!
my friend who doesn't understand communion.
I was afraid it was something like that.
Thanks for posting it though!
You the type you aint hard I send a nigga on a mission to god that's the truth
hilarious Pumpkin Booty Man
Thanks so much!
Have a fab weekend!
Damn....
my first burger in a week and a half.
Now I'm sleepy!
Great social media lesson by She had a PowerPoint and everything.
And, like a good teacher, she quit before my brain exploded.
SouthernMiss claims the CUSA title, defeating Houston 4928.
Congrats to both teams on great seasons!!
Pray for the Hubbard's, no one deserves to go through that..
/3
Whew.
Gotta work on my tolerance for maumauing.
I think you mean fuck yeah!
Ladies follow these fools.
Your personal stool
You like what you're hearing?
The effectiveness of online college education cannot be unclear.
The statistics divulge that these students perform way better in life
Looking for a job in Cinci?
Contact me for details about a PR Associate position with a global company based in Mason!
INK MASTER OR BEST INK ?????
TEAMTATTOOS ALL DAY EVERYDAY THERE IS NO MORE TO SAY...
;0
it was a pleasure working with you!
See you next time you're in Chicago!
Soon!!!!!
3
Love you too !!!
Confederacy of Dunces  great book!
Lucky Dogs, I believe are the meats Ingnatious Reilly is selling  er, eating.
you are the cheese to my macaroni  Happy Valentine's Day!
Jazz the cause of all these arguments !!
grant park at the fountain
Season 1 is on netflix!
It's so good...
I can't see Nash going to New York.
The Knicks are not contenders they only won 3 more games than the Suns...
Sorry to hear that.....will DM what the basics of the problem were......
Strength is a matter of a made up mind...
Decide and conquer :
your arms look fat in your picture.
Snell...long, athletic swingman who locks up, stretches the floor, and is unselfish.
Gordon...true alpha dog big.
Tough tough tandem.
awesome!
How's the music section coming along?
www.myspace.com/bentutensil acoustic covers of A Perfect Circle songs.
revised, revisited and recycled with love.
come say hey.
Can I ball cus I belong n a gym
Really?
What are they doing?
Do the Kings have like 9 men on the ice?
Wherearetheredsweaters?
I love seeing that a gained a follower
Hi Emma  Good luck with your tour.
Wants a shoutout?
Mention me ; And please help me get more followers;
Oikos is the BEST Greek yogurt!
Currently enjoying a Strawberry one
It was available on live feed though online
was it a bad rendition of amazing grace?
If so, that's my specialty.
Ha!
Its time to pull the plug.
So, not only is my birthday on a MONDAY, but a lot of my kids are going to Six Flags on a field trip that day!
Those who jump off a Paris bridge are in Seine.
The right way to do baskin Robbins.
Rainbow sherbet  rainbow sprinkles  perfection
Congrats to Brandon Duff who closed a 2M Burger King in Florida this week!
And I couldn't figure out how to open my freakin locker.
But other then that, it was great!
She's like f it.
Ive done all I can do.
All that's left is to cover this shit show with a blanket
Just signed my first reappointment paperwork!
I'll be at IPFW for at least the next 18 months; couldn't be happier.
there can definitely be something both queer and anarchistic about navigating this city as a pedestrian.
we will try and give you some love, hows the radio treating you these days?
Agreed!
RT : Friends don't let friends use Comic Sans.
It's Wednesday, time for a change up right?
What is your least favorite muscle to work, but you do it anyway?
I got hit on once at the free clinic.
That was wrong and creepy on every level.
only charity I ever give money to is the one that's trying to figure out how to make dimes march....0
S/O to the summer is ours...
thanks!
Just gotta keep pushing
I will play with you for 24 hours.
I have a feeling your sis could help you out.
:
everygirl should get head at least once in their life...
If they do nothing else
ugh its Wednesday not looking forwards to the crowded Metro with all the Laker fans that called in sick so they could party in the streets
UGH,really need more followers on tumblr .
any tumblrs i should follow that follow back ??
Ain't no rest when you're partying....
Dumb Sht I've said
Church is always dope especially when its something you need to hear
good start to the meet this morning!
Come get one of our exotic burgers, the Japanese Style Fish Cake today before I eat them all for myself!
we're going to be in NV so very soon!
: Can't wait to see ya!
Yep, living our lives in public.
Embrace it, but mind the store keep track of your privacy settings
Joggers live longer; doctorg shortages ease; skinny models out  USA TODAY
Great BBQ dinner w/ a diverse group of friends.
Thanks  for hosting us!
In the last five years, we've read thousands of kids' books, include many awardwinners.
Few are a delight to read aloud.
when do gesture doctorwings gesture towards a changed life?
I think my cabbie is mad I'm making him go to Astoria  he spoke to another cabbie said something about Astoria and pointed at me
I need a job
Should I text oomf?
Hm lol
Blackberry Mimosa and NW Eggs Benedict....
Happy Sunday to me!!
I wish you cared as much as i did!
thanks you got some killer designs!
class by bolton
Watching Celebrity Apprentice .
is a class act.
im so glad 2 b back on twitter!:
The charge call: making subpar defenders relevant
Fight for your right to PARTY!!!
Referring to my last tweet, if I get this job, maybe it won't happen anymore.
yay!
When are you guys thinking of doctorving up?
New Wisconsin uniformsepic failure.
Really, is that the best they could do?
Bielema says they're subtle.
I'd say so Brett.
Oh my god, Utah is up by 30.
LMAO.
Our Wildcat is serious.
Hey, you know fashion, so I'll do it.
Call me Neckbeard the Urban Outfitters Pirate
makin music witih
Lil Trayvon ima see you in the clouds,until my time comes you and God hold it down
Touchdown Pittsburgh.
Many thanks Josh and BITW for your acknowledgement and support of my new CD!
I am so jealous!
Yes, busy, but fun!
What's ur plan for today?
Cut your hair Tom Brady...
You look like a female and whine like one too
Mellow and cool as morning sunshine
woah the guitarist from a band I follow just had the exact same tweet word for word one minute after you did
when I went to ceasars palace last week I went up to the front desk  asked if ceasar lived there all because of that line3
SAT word of the day: burnish to polish, shine
Ha!
Great advice.
thanks for the mention on the latest episode!
I haven't seen in like two days.
:'
Word up !hay!
Imyt!
Hope all is well :
As I wake this morn.
My beloved Orioles have the best record in Baseball.
How do you truly repay for damage from the Gulf Spill?
Among numerous problems, as a brand, BP is in very deep trouble.
You bet
RT : Is 2:30's Literary ARG covered by Games  Lit session?
Who wants to attend vs.
play a game in 1100?
THATCamp Games
happy St.
Patricks Day!
friendship dont run on gas money !
Anytime!
Thanks for the interview!
We had fun :
RT 3 Ways In Which You Can Optimize The Use Of Bodyweight Exercise RATELIMITEXCEEDED
Well, I love rusty spoons.
:
free yoga for veterans tonight at charm city yoga in towson via Semper Fidelis Health and Wellness
Hope your week rocks thanks all:
Queen of Queens :
I LOVE America!!
EX means: thanks for the EXperience.our time has EXpired..now EXit my life.
what did you do and you have a cute dog.
Hope God intervenes in Greece crisis.
Can't wait to share my interview with with Rizzles!
Sasha's always so sweet, we got some amazing RizzoliandIsles scoop!
Someone should tweet me!!!
WinCityWalk ah I really want to win!!!!!!!!
I hope I do.
Omg.
Back to back!
I use doctorpbox and Box a lot so I don't notice it too much.
: says housing doesn't matter if people don't have jobs.
Stresses controlling SD cost of living.
I have to agree.
Don't matter how hard I try..
I get the bottom barrel.
Its a wrap.
Always good to know people.
Putting the team on his back
I've got a green blazer.
We will find each other.
amber!
Did you get the iphone?!?
Friday night we're playing the Next Cool Event in Atlanta with the full band  11:00 p.m.
Had an amazing time tonight with !!
Thank you boys :
I hate having braces
can you help out the USO of Wisconsin with an autographed item for a charity event coming up in the next few months.
Wow.
Crayons or paint?
: RT : Colourful brainstorming/creation of my ideal career.
Watched last weeks Parenthood.
The boyfriend getting arrested for punching some dude at a high school house party is a bs situation.
Nice views of Jupiter near the moon and Uranus to the west this evening.
Amazing, king Jupiter looks small by comparison due to distance.
thx Jeff, for the shout out.
Not sorry!!
Wish I liked tea actually.
oh!
that'll be awesome!
can't wait to see it ; what are your dates?
would love to grab a doctornk!
Got my 4 entries for comp bottled up tonight and ready to go.
Agreed.
I believe there's been a long range plan for GLBT equality all along.
This wasn't a completely unplanned slip
Peace is not possible until we clear ourselves of our own agitations and wars inside the self.
For this we have meditation.
Is funding for your staffing company becoming harder to secure?
Our listed vendors can help.
W.staffingmarketplace.com then Click vendors
umm you work with me so its only when Im off
So excited that I will be meeting , from Shark Tank, when I cruise on the new Disney Fantasy cruise ship in just a month!!
its finally spring break!
Yup fighting words...
hahahahaha Yes you did
Most sociopaths are charismatic, but Mitt might be the exception to the rule.
Gonna hop in the shower brb :
Thank you Alan for clicking on MaryAnnetWint.
Everyone please follow , an amazing app that will help prevent car accidents related to distracted doctorving!!!
We have the fashion panel, all doctorssed in black...really!!!
Christina's breasts can not be as big or obnoxious as you make them out to be.
Now I have to watch this show just to see for myself
Its too nice outside black ppl bout to act a fool lol
So today I miss my Grandma so much ,
Lights with guide you home, and ignite your bones, and I will try to fix you.
showcalves in barn, livestock fed, dogs napping, headed to last Christmas celebration.
I would try, but Will's beard is so persistent.
LMAO why would he tweet some shit like that smh

Constantly looping in my head now thanks to my iPhone  Smooth Criminal by Alien Ant Farm
My engineer husband is happy about all the construction stuff being said.
Appreciate it bro!
Yes sir, I must say I am enjoying the Pacific eateries.
Sad to learn about the passing of Gary Speed  so senseless.
How about ability to get realtime arrival times on your mobile web site?
Text messages are too expensive these days.
RT : Great news for soccer fans in Baltimore.
EPL giants Tottenham  Liverpool will play at MT Bank Stadium on July 28 at 1 pm.
haha I thought my mom and I were they only ones!
HappyHour get on my level hoe
I wonder, in the 20's, what would've been equivalent to getting arrested shirtless, in illfitting shorts?
People tend to disappear.
opening at 10 today but closing at 5.
Hurry!
Your babies need their Thanksgiving treats too!
Happy Gobble Day!
Cry as much as you want to, but just make sure when your finished, you never cry for the same reason.
RT : A champion needs in his attitude a motivation above and beyond winning.
Pat Riley
BestLeapEver is trending worldwide lol.
Way to go
omfg kill me
Crib Finder: NYC Rental Guide Magazine will be inserted in the New York Post on Thursday 4/19 and the Wall Street Journal Friday 4/20.
It will be funny if I give up like in a week LOL
Headed 2 the gym...its my 1st day back N uh while, this is gonna hurt
Someday I am going to walk into a Carrabba's Italian Grill, flash my ID  say, my family owns the place.
Chianti for everyone!
Great presentation from at the event today.
Makes me really want to attend Content Marketing World.
I'm shot, motherfucking oven mitts.
Put the tall dudes in aka
tomorrows my birthday and it would be awesome if u followed me?
Believe 333
We'd love to have you bring some Maine/coveinspired Cleanweb enthusiasm  project ideas to May 46!
Nice!
Thirst quencher RT :
I got bored and I made a second twitter account.
Lol :
I'm starting to wonder if Ian's didn't colossally fuck up by letting this happen.
Zero brand protection.
Great question.
Depends on the company defines CM.
Is it support/issue resolution or community growth strategy?
Hi Seth  were you able to check out the hobby hoarder site ?
if you email me your queries, I can look into it.
emilesimplegeocom
How much are you spending on Kenny?
thank you for following me.
U r now a TRUE PAKALITE!!!
multi colored diamonds got your girlfriend kinda curious
I was advised by a professorssor not to do that because Id never get hired as a professorssor.
Why u ask?
My study would show left wing biased media
Not bad at all.
Pretend it does not hurt, it hurts twice as much...
LOVE is all we need.
I abandoned Facebook.
My Klout score is at its lowest, but my productivity is up and SERP positions are climbing.
Twitter  you're neXt!
doctoradheads that play basketball or football 
There is just something about a man working on a car.
All greasy....
Heehee
This Friday I will be at Governors Comedy Club at 10!!!
Classy Manhattan stripper lap dancer kickin it tonight!
A beauty is a woman you notice; a charmer is one who notices you.
Just got a banging new phone.
Samsung Epic 4g Touch.
I don't think this team cares about winning.
It's amazing how many games they just seem to fall flat on.
Ugh.
Awesome on The Voice.
I have never been asked to intervene on someone who only does marijuana.
Why do we hurt each other, why do we push love away?
Yes, always many raging activities at
Ok!
Time to pick my bracket Syracuse...
lol big  riding on this, it's a 7.00 buyin ;.
reading the comments is just so much fun.
excuse you I've played soccer for 7 years are you calling me a fairy!
And what do you know you play on grass too lmao
neatly bizarre.
naw, it's cool, for real.
My dad is making me watch this channel that talks about the history of cinco de mayo 
RT : So did Nick Cage take a look at Charlie Sheen and say to himself Hey, I wanna be winning too?.
// Good one!
join the club.
He knows nothing; and he thinks he knows everything.
That points clearly to a political career.
Just about every MC fonny!!!
These nuccas rap about totten when they really not Smh
SHA RT : Question?
Are we going SHABANG or SHEBANG?
What do you guys prefer.
I'm leaning towards
Watching Ryan Reynolds and Melissa McCarthy in The Nines.
Glad you enjoyed!
RT : Weekend recap: last night, crazy.
Today, stomach ache.
But dinner at was fabbo as usual.
haha totally understandable!
What a day!
If u weren't here you wasted ur Saturday!!!
We ate still packed, bout to shut down at 7pm.
You're so damn annoying.
training2012 t12lori when we invest in developing employees we outperform others
NOTE: HU Web Design students.
Tonight's Web Development Class has been CANCELLED!!!
Check your email for further instructions.
Digital signage gear all packed up and ready to go to BarCamp in the morning.

I smell an Ether coming from the Korean Hammer!!
yeah I plan on seeing maxwell to
Too fucking hot outside
Departing UK for US.
Next Austin TX.
Gathering more suggestions what to see re library and learning/public space in TX.
Sht!
Something wrong with the electrical system on my car.
Both the windshield wipers and defroster won't turn off.
Makes for dead battery.
Two thirds of us are at Sundys Pub right now.
RT SkySAN claims to be the shortest SAN in the world.
it's true!
SkySAN measures in at 17.8 in depth
Although research regarding the sensitivity of Millennials may be statistically significant, there are always anomalies.
ReplaceABieberSongWithSex One sex , One less lonly sex , sex world .
The dialogue at tonight's forum is top notch.
Raise the bar
just saw you on this KFC commercial joe
What's it about?:
is so the Prince of Pop :
someone who connects people with the information they need.
Met w overdoctorve bigwig at PLA12 who is def of boyish good looks Said he didn't do twitter, so this comment is safe, rite?
:
Hey, you!
Are you looking for contract ia and ux work?
Send info at viminteractive dot com a message and let's talk.
FREE Delivery Miami Beach  N.
Miami Purchase of 12 or more Gourmet cupcakes over 50 flavors www.mmmmcupcakes.webs.com 3058909869
RT : You know what, fuck everyone who acts superior because they're into house now but turned their noses up at it 5 years ago.
I hate being tired!
And in tired basically all the time
If David Beckham told me to wear a bluetooth, I WOULD.
callmedavid cc
Some things you just don't want to miss...St.
Patty's Day at OTC!
Pipes  doctorms, Irish Dancers, GREAT FOOD  doctorNK SPECIALS!
Just watched a screener for the new Bad Girls Club LasVegas on Oxygen, and I think my brain melted a little bit.
RG3  strike 1, Peyton Manning strike 2.
Seems writing is on the wall and ManningtoMiami not likely.
Is it Matt Flynn or bust?
ahahah nice!
what kind?
Next time go digital on those flashcards, Michael and leave yourself with 3 hours to study.
Good luck!
Moving on to my next project is hard, I cant stop thinking about my novel.
It's amazing how much you can miss fictional characters.
Iwant more followers;
Your welcome Ash, thanks for being so great!
3
No!
But im freaking out bro!
He needs to come on.
I will have the lyrics to his new single memorized by tonight..;
Congrats man!
:
Grammys Taylor Swift introducing Glenn Campbell.
why not bring in Jimmy Webb??
yes so true
woke up and been listening to boosie all day
: I just wanna scream FUCK!
and walk up out this bitch.
// it aint like u gnna suffer...do it lol
Aw sad.
I won't get to see them because I will be working.
Our newest exhibit Luxembourg by Hot Air Balloon opens this Sunday!
Amazing aerials and spectacular views!
Always forgive but never forget, learn from mistakes but never regret
thanks, I'm not as trainwreck today lol : we need to hang soon
my manager loves me  I'm sure she'll love you!
first40songsonshuffle.
Miley CyrusI hope you find it
We needed that win Raiders see what crept on u?!!!
Go
yup.
That's why they boycotted it
Why do you think CommunityAction is important?
RT and add your reason.
Thanks for the follow!
Back at ya!
I have not!
Guitar just fell thanksfornothing faulty guitar strap !
now give me a good answer please :
in Houston Fri at Dan Electro's Guitar Bar /// wish I could be there..sounds like a fun show!
Pls tell KA I said hello!
hm...what to have for dinner tonight..???
you right lol.
But I don't have a man !
Thanks for following, Neomi!
Not a good day today.
That's all i really wanna do just live doctorg free my entire life
1100 more words to write on my last research paper for my master's and then I can have my social life back
There have around 6 or 7 plays that Jim Nantz has announced with more excitement than the Polamalu INT in the 08 AFC tile game.
I'll be there!
RT The flock is gathering TODAY at at 1p!
goo.gl/CvML1
Have a great weekend!
: Painting some patio furniture.
Red spraypaint covering my hands.
I feel like Banksy and/or Dexter.
setting up the ritual room?
ACM  Miranda, Yay  Album of the Year  She is so sweet and looks very sophisticated tonight
he's really something.
Just read the first 50 of Never Mind and I'm all in....
After this week's lineup I can officially conclude that Halloween is my favorite holiday of the year!
Everytime I text a girl there always doing Nothing Much.
They could be building a bomb but would still say nothing much
but today was C r a z y !
i ate too much cookie dough!
This GMA interview w the cast of The Avengers is painful.
Lol.
Hate satellite delays.
Who wants to help me with Tennessee Mortgage Law Reform??
We appreciate your understanding as we get through this.
Thanks again!
theres an incredible amount of butts on my dash....im not even mad.
Good effort OU  way to represent!
Bec from Stars In Stereo is a Portland girl : I think you'll like her.
He sounds crazy to me.
lol And their are only 3 people in the 3:30 lesson
you in MKE?
Wonderful!
Many thanks...
we love getting new resources!
it's also important to care about your friends and family too..
Brat
Thank goodness it's Friday!
Hope you're typing quietly in there.
Glad to have my pen and paper handy after Judge Alsup called out the loudtyper.
fitting underway...lots of looks to go through and narrow down!
But If I fell would you catch me before the ground does?
Try the code VINO.
Thanks.
RUN BILLY RUN
Soo proud of you love :
Congratulations on winning the Main Event.
You played amazing.
That chant will be stuck in my head forever lol.
Hi!
Thanks for following.
:
Looking forward to June 1!
you know that story you're reading, could you tell whose account its Haha I wanna read it :3
Cross Fertilization: devmke  full time Senior Developer position for a growing Milwaukee company  for details
running out of words...
i guess i'll never be a blogger
The moment I deliberately do something definite either for God or others that costs me something, I am expressing love.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
Napoleon Bonaparte
can I be a grouppie??:
take the High Road as in go straight and make a diagnol left at the A10 of High Road that's all it showed me and hope ur ok
I just followed you .
.
.
Im one of the people in the iphone 4s giveaway youtube name: michalelanasia
My daughter on the way to school this morning That's the second time I've seen birds fighting this week.
;
Johnson yahh its my word u dont kbow me or what it means so stfu and quit judging
hey, everyone wish my bestie a happy birthday!
your name came up in conversation at client site
My coworker was biking by and said the place was slammed.
NICE!
Thank you for being a TM!
The 1st year as a is the hardest, but with great rewards.Then it gets even better!
cc:
RT: : This has got to be the most awkwardest moment in class.
hahaha, I do the same and only realized now that u brought it up!
4/20: CEU wkshp  Bedoctorom Gambling: HIV in Couples  sign up via
Took the G out your waffle, All you got left is your ego
FOLLOW ME:
Hey there, material girl...
Never in my life did I think I'd be so relieved after buying a vacuum cleaner.
This offer is for 6/21 and 6/22 to celebrate our brand launch.
We want to give u an incentive to give, to join, to come with us.
I get annoyed when I see pictures of weed on someones page; Its not like you even took the picture!
and no one gives a fuck if you smoke
How did some of your kids, husbands, friends and family spoil you on this mother's day?
Or what did you do for YOUR mamma?
These niggas is secondary like pippin around mike!
many tech news sources say there's going to be one.
But they've been proven to be inaccurate when it comes to Apple, so
Thanks David!
Are you coming to the Actor's Embassy party on Monday?
Starting to really like this interntakeover thing.
Got a Red Velvet cupcake  a serenade for my birthday.
haha thanks and yea you're awesome too :
OMG New Yorker tablet edition.
I just wanna be apart of something I just wanna be like you
It was a rumble and a ride, but no one hurt and no damage reported here at the capitol
RT : RT : We are so happy to have the amazing on our team!
EMBRACE THE CLARITY!...
Kamusta?
How are you?
I still don't have a glass of wine in my hand...
In order to live for Christ, you must die to self.
Think of it as suicide of the flesh.
only if you tell me what the special of the day is
Jade always trying to talk me out of something like shut up lol
Another great pass from Iggy
how do you think you did
haven't been on twitter all dayy.
I'm going to sleep noww:
Run run!
nope, i didnt get it.
Today's Meteor blog will be live from blogwell.
Meteor's and will be there!
.
Thx for following!
I went to ASU too and used to work for the Dbacks : Now I work for Graystone, which my dad actually owns.
The big punch up at 16.5 seconds from end!
Stopped the game!
Today feels like a DeafHavana kind of day.
Tubby's teams play ugly gonna give us fits for a while at least, play disciplined.
kind of expect us to lose.
Dipping in the breezeway for the last time  with
I need a real vacation n a new job something I enjoy
ok pirates, i see you..
Damn the man!
Love when the emergency 9 turns into 18.
Your welcome.
Yeah, that's the truth.
fuck no.
Just got some
Hearing lots of that.
Thanks!
RT : Off to Carmel Farmers Market  love the quaintness of event!
I would do txt me doe  12038503876:
your pic is hot!!!
Most of my Facebook friends don't follow me on Twitter so I bitch about them here.
The timetraveling is just too dangerous.
Better that I devote myself to study the other great mystery of the universe...
women!
That's a lot of meals.
Good meals.
school time D:
Oh you're welcome...
Glad to see you again.
We really appreciate it!
Hearing so many great talks at PopCon has made me think of all sorts of ideas for papers I could have submitted.
Ah well, next year!
A reminder, it was over at Reds Army who made the rondo tip off compilation.
So much that could come out of this smart mouth of mine right now......
you brighten up the moon and stars at night.
You keep me seeing rainbows in the sky...
one of your biggest fans!
And yet to every bad, there is a worse Thomas Hardy
I may suck at two ball but you cheat so at least I have a clear conscious
i would say the same of the Celtics
Kill and bury what's left of um....

Heading there Wednesday.
Whoop!
Wednesday and the work week is halfway finished!
Today is home to our CHICKEN PAPRIKASH 5.99 SPECIAL!
Perfect!
Thank you so much for the rec!
:
Coffee...
Yes yes, that good kick in tha a in tha morning!
Okay!
Right after this Stacey Q :D
If I was fighting Floyd my son couldn't come to the fight
Well hello there insomnia...it is not nice to see you.
I can't believe we are waiting on Waukesha county again...
shoot I'd rather have the intersect in my head like on the tv series Chuck lol
Cool Urban Outfitters gives the option of email receipt.
Right on....
I hope this idea takes off everywhere!!!!
just started using Skydoctorve, have to admit I like itthe formatting is just so much better only doctorwback is can't edit on iPad?
KMart Skyhook!
What a sight.
I feel like this pregnancy is going by soo fast
the NSA and CIA are watching you
or making fun of pale kid's white legs
Would I bang her??I would bang her on top of you!!
i hope that some day gets on twitter to read my mentions.
here's to hoping.
took you long enough.

the Rendezvous about to play.
What a great venue.
And the stage manager is th nicest guy.
doctor River Yacht Club goes on next.
why don't you ever respond to my tweets or my Facebook comments?
You mean jerk
Hey beautiful friends and nonbeautiful friends, our love for you is unconditional.
So in return we ask if you like to be in our next music
lol what about it
Ready to be back in Philly , shit aint right
just say scoreboard and walk out.
idk but you can see may weather getting upset and cotto getting confident
Voting for tonight on TheVoice .
Love his story, style, and voice!!!
are you going to landmark so you can use your fancy punch card!?
Case 39.
Such a good film.
haha ayy girl don't be scared!
God forgives us!
m yummy!!
Lol
As a small business owner in Madison WI, I oppose SOPA and PIPA.
They are nuclear threat to Small Businesses.
The definition of a life well lived: TimHetherington war photojournalist and recorder of the everyday
BeautifulBaby, you know it!
I've always had that.
It's the occasional public ranting and fistpounding that I need to do more often.
ha deal.
Come next thurs
just filled me with warm fuzzies....
not to be taken out of context
yes we will!
If I had a dollar for each time someone said I'm good instead of I'm well, I'd be rich!:
What's up thanks for the follow!
RT : Make at least one big mistake a week.
If youre not making mistakes, then youre not trying anything new.
Hello Twitterverse!
We're getting closer to follower 1000.
Looking forward to seeing who will win the autographed CD!!
well I'm probAbly
ahh, missed that.
must have just happened, as I spent a long time cutting Weather Genie down from 32mb to 18mb a few weeks ago
I say gay cap and trade: every straight divorce means a coupon for one gay marriage.
have had the same thought!
Right now we're in a position where we're not high enough to get who we really want, but too high to pay to get the next best options.
Didn't even think of that.
Pollyanna MT BTW I am afraid of what I will find if I click on your hashtag
Lmaooooo : but, how are you doing this finnnnee morning ?
Just tuned in.
I see it's the Blazers scrubs vs.
the Golden State scrubs.
Wait wait...
those are their rotation guys.
My bad.
Have a party or need a table reservation this weekend?
RT/DM with your inquiry and we will respond right away!
Thank you Chicago!
finally the Pens are getting their heads in the game!!!
LETS GO PENS!!!
I don't agree with you, but respect that you have the right to your own opinion!
just showing you some love!
Lana needs a new mat for bikram, any suggestions?
last week of Serials for a while!
It's going to be amazingly different this week!
support the Bats and enjoy good theatre
wow when I heard doctorwasn't playing I didn't even watch cuz he's there like best player
The adjustment bureau was amazing!!
finally I can make love to my favorite Disney character eeyore
Make 7...
Up Yours
:P no!
don't be mad at me for no reason!!!
Did you see my FB pic with all the goodies?
Now faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see.
Hebrews 11:1
Home from a few days with :
Just Got To The Barbershop .
Great  I look forward to seeing you this Friday!
An autographed CD of Weirdo is headed your way!
is wondering how it became acceptable to schedule work meetings at 6:30 am
No job training, immediate local and state government revenue, no Federal tax dollars needed the list goes on.
Housing is economy recovery.
no iphone
I'm so hungry.
It's not even funny :'
That's cool I'm so nice to u n u fuckin go around n act like I don't exist fucking cool.
!
Not
it's you that's weird, not your body 
Ugh.
can't find a usable clip of Al Gore's Mechanical Lift scene from Inconven.
Truth to make a point about great presentations.
Help!!!!
We aren't in New Orleans for Mardi Gras, but we are in San Antonio setting up for the Concrete Decor Magazine Concrete Decor Show!
Today we honor our men and women who defend our country  Happy Veterans Day!
Unpacking shipment.
It's both arduous and kind of fun.
Can't wait to get the new stuff out in public.
Stay tuned.
shoutout to you by at activatenyc2012.
Can't wait to see you Friday!!
confession Despite everything, it's still going to be really hard for me to resist the urge to go for a run today.
Yeah.
It would be cool to live there.
Super expensive though.
Hopefully itll be what I expect it to be.
I'm gonna go ask the pigeons outside Madison Square Garden tomorrow.
Hey Pigeons!
You're the best!
Market doesn't need new technology.
Needs innovative, practical, portable, business model.
Land Rover Defender 90 Project Part 1 : Oem Center
uve been following me 4 a while now
Alex and Aj here to say HAPPY TUESDAY!!!!
no just really bad leg cramps.
They wake me up and it's more painful than the time I was stabbed
i enjoy reading about cerial killers
My sister just noticed...that I have freckles.......hahaha
: 14369: i love your account!
we should tweet more!
Aww thanks and we should3
Yea sure I will mi will find u a flash light nokia RT : Yeah cause ah mussi you ah buy mi waan next one
Dwell not upon thy weariness, thy strength shall be according to the measure of thy desire.
Proverb
Best news I've heard in a long time...The Stone Roses are doing a reunion tour, please come to the USA!
Happy Birthday DC, 210 years ago today you were incorporated as a city.
I look forward to the day we get to celebrate your statehood.
nice I woke up awhile ago
Please be at the Denver show in person....
What's next for the great ?
Happy Purim, one day late
Here's the thing.
I HATE MATER DEI.
Cheering hard for Mike Caffey next week...
future Long Beach player over current Monarchs all day.
thank you!
I'm right there with you
but still not in lab on time.
Bring up Bauer!
haha
Paid off one of my three private student loans.
Sweet lady would you be my
Now the look like geniuses after decides to punch shit!
100 millon dollar bro  you act that way?
lose the rows
Obviously I was gonna be stressed out and upset, and I didn't mean to take it out on you.
We tend to live up to our expectations.
Earl Nightingale
Westbrook kill yourself b
Thanks for the RT.
smalls, if you had to estimate, how much swagg do you think we have, combined?
I smilind  realizin my mom did it all for my bein a single parent is hard for her:She works 2 shifts just to get stuff that i want  need.
you got it mini me!
in your marcs flyer sent to my house.
May 2012 9th through the 15th

the world yu a fucked up place
making a survival guide by watching apocalyptic movies since the world is ending tomorrow.
Man...
who else is glad we got Sundays loss out of the way?
I find that I'm hesitant to follow followers who have no description in the professorle; therefore I do not follow them...
Brewers need you, get back home!!!!
love this!
Lineup announcements start Tuesday when y'all are back from slinging mud in the Gorge.
Is it ok to name a song this...
MT Download the Psychobuildings single 'Baby Cops'
that is priceless
RT : It's much easier to maintain your integrity without compromise than to rebuild your integrity after you've compromised it.
That's definitely trickier.
No matter what you go  do , I told I was gone stay  be here for you , but the generous side of me last for only a certain time !
unite and help get to 30,000 followers!
I've seen it both ways 'It is easier to imagine'  'We cannot imagine'.
AND SO ON AND SO FORTH.
i call this White Mamba lol
Best thing I've heard today Slide out the crack.
Meaning: Go ahead and leave the building.
Virtually anything can happen next...
it's just up to you notesfromtheuniverse 3
It happens lol and not rude if its ur job to tweet!
: Is it rude if I tweet while on a conference call?
Whoops, too late.
someone get the song 9 to 5 out of my head...
good morning!
Y'all r the band in the world!!!
Keep rockin'!
yeah Mann, I can't hang.
Too short notice, too much money.....
Ah I would of loved 2 though.
We goin soon 4 sure...
Yeah I remember you.
I'm sure I'll see you
Me Too!
She Is Hilarious!
:
thank you for reaching out.
Love the service.
best story ever!
I can't remember how to deal with losing a best friend.
The last time I had to, I was blackout doctornk.
the bring1dtous challenges...
chinese new year parade in chinatown !
A day off?
What's that?
i'm behind on the tweeting!
call for artist is still up on the blog, and all of your information for the upcoming show, too.
Nov 7th for art
Chicago this weekend for another Seinfeld Trivia Contest at the Ballgame!
Tell us where you stand?
Film/television is a multibillion dollar industry in this country.
Surprise!
Surprise!
There is a tremendous mark
lol damn its one of those nights?
Lol jk
get a room, you two!
;
Green Bay Packers are getting no love from the media.
WTF?
Wow , I think the Steelers find Casey Hampton's replacement .
Meet mister Alameda Ta'amu big dude
Who can guess our managers favorite hockey team?
Are you in DC again ??
Love and miss the grill!!
lol i'm really not here.
I just thought Andoctorw was Roberts brother 
.
IndyCar can only hope!
Those are the type of big consumer brands series needs to help take it to the masses.
Do you think that Joe Scarborough has a mental disease?
Snowy Portland bad traffic!
Call the hotel and ask for tonights pdxsnow rate, 79 for tonight you don't deal with traffic tomorrow AM!
I know he's going to miami to see that bitch .
We are so over :
Happy 67th Anniversary Mom and Dad!
thanks so much!
: super glad you are enjoying the music
Mexitinis, my dudes
would you like some icecream yes i would
What's better guys, ex sex or make up sex?
so scared right now
If anyone wants to go with and I to Monicals, you're more than welcome!
Just let me know
: thank you  Westin for interceding on our behalf.
You saved our vacation!
Oh!
We can't have samesex marriage but we can marry our cousins?!
I remember when God said that, North Carolina.
The next 18 months will be interesting.
He's got the BIG MO now!!!!!
And 160,000,000 boxes of Girl Scout Cookies!
I'm so in!
RT : 640 Million?
That'll buy a h!t load of Doritos Locos Tacos.
Fellows Friday with Lars Jan
It's a lifestyle  train like there's no finish line.
thanks dude see ya soon!
I'm DVRing it.
Dont spoil it!!!
There shouldn't be an excuse why u don't talk to me anymore...I thought u loved me?
Oh well I was wrong I dnt need to waste my time on u/3
It's not where you are it's where you belong.
: Is there anybody who likes Ubuntu's new fuck you, you'll have it our way interface?
From what I can tell, ...
No!
Stunned?
I will be graduating this time next year though, so I can then officially work as an adult in the biz.
:
Thanks for the follow Brooke.
When the  13 team in the nation gets steamisterlled at home they're not the  13 team in the nation.
you definitely got the ball first man second.
Not a penalty.
We luv you man.
Some would rather have an incredible anointing  a jacked up life, than to have a solid anointing  stable life.
Wonderful shoot yesterday, thanks to everyone who came out!
HAPPY HOLIDAYS from Simboya Ent.
How do I always look at the clock at 10:06 my birthday!!
Oct.
6th ha, crazy
Hey Buddy : How's Are Ya?
I don't trust you
finding new restaurants and posting pics to
i guess thats what they think!!
bleh....
The nose is a little tight on the Leth, but peach flavors just pop on the palate
Barry Lyndon!
Superhero Movie night!!!
xmen hulk now ironman w the family!!
Life is good :
I am a total Bradford Cox fan.
New Atlas Sound is excellent.
singapore culture
I guess when it comes to you I'm on some  ill see you when I see you , hi and bye  type shit shrugs
Damn.
My bed kicked my ass while I slept!
Got bruises all over my bod....Not sexy and I know it!
just being real with you if that's rlly what your planing on thats 100 what's link to ur mixtape?
And no problem :
Great interview!
Very informative!
Until the paralysis bit, sounds pretty good to me.
so thats why your music has that empty feeling to it..
you're a cat hater
If brevity be the soul of wit, I'd better decimate these Artwiculate screeds into bytes digested easily.
Mean Girls oh snap!
I hear my dad snoring.
I think the fact that things work out for him is the part that's hard to believe.
It's a romantic's fantasy.
that class is retarded.
I laugh too loud, too.
will do.
Couldn't do easily earlier.
How long r u here?
U shld stop by lost ark vid games on sat night!
My hub's place.
hiphop space opera huh?
me and can dig that ...
we'll see you guys on the 1st
College is so much better than high school!
I actually enjoy getting up and going to school :
Im just fortunate to have ib merch :
What up doe!!!
That's a win streak right there!!
thank you, thats so sweet lol
Periodically I recall telling , in total sincerity, that I really, really like guys that are shorter than me and I laugh.
Hard.
Just checked my system for the Flashback Malware and I'm clean :
happy cinco de mayo!!!!
enjoy the festa and have the best food delivered look us up at picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo or call 3039990785
ok, text you when I'm done.
see you later!
Loved 's speech at convention today.
Getting distracted by fashion...
39;Harry Potter39; Faces Final Shot At MTV Movie Awards Glory
Photography homogenization at its best!
A pot of Darjeeling with a Eggplant  Pepper Parmesan Sandwich and the Creamy Celery soup would hit the spot today.
Zimmerman never apologized to Trayvon Martin's Family!
He said sorry for your loss.
WTH does he think they have a loss!!!
cause unless your actually bowling, its boring...
Lol
met you at choice lit dinner.
As a building principal we will utilize your work to inspire students to be lifelong readers :
feel better austin:
he's writing hit songs for other artists.
Big Green Tractor, Are You Gonna Kiss Me Or Not  Live A Little to name a few.
yes lol my computer and my phone!:
RT Just took the most intense power yoga class south beach.
I am sweating head to toe!
What an awesome workout!
Ya totally I love the Heat I am from Miami :P but the Celtics are a close second
yes.
Leebabe strikes again.
no but they look broken
Exploring tweetdeck thanks to you.
Now to figure this thing out...
it needs more Bacon!
Apparently I can learn to levitate for 30 bucks.
here he goes again!
I can't wait to check out the new Dallas!!!!
12 Days o'Twitter: On 9th day of Twitter Santa Claus gave to me 9 maids a milking f/8  be there AGENCY VII 6GB...
they old they should be sleep...
I'm back at home visitin...
Actin like they aint gotta work
you go girl!
hood life is not for me
I won't bust your balls about messing up the lyrics.
you're new album is perfect !
Right on, Kev!
Who can i look to for inspiration to try and get better grades.
asdjl.
it's all the way down and my friends are the only one in the row!!
Lol.
TONIGHT only from 910PM Rodney Mart is selling UDCreamery pints buy one get one 1/2 off!
All the way home to realize I forgot my keys on a couch 40 minutes away
Excited that my first article is published in the Journal of Academic Librarianship!
Next step  1st author.
Does this mean Perry is one step closer to becoming the Presidential nominee and Pawlenty is one step closer to being the VP nominee?
Where are the fight parties!!
Its on VH1
Ok, Crucial ir Kingston to upgrade my laptop's RAM?
Going from 4Gb to 8Gb.
RT : Presenting to future Bearcats this morning with !
New iPad white, iPad 2 black.
Easy to tell the difference.
Well, let us know and we can work on it together.
:
Continued prayers for the people of Japan.
When I came to Department in 1964, there were 7 Blacks in a class of 100  Isaac Fulwood former DC chief of police
RT : Personalized business cards.
Great for networking, job leads  for handing out in interviews.
We could be opening and closing acts.
A nice 90s sandwich for everyone.
awesome!!!!!
thank you so much for setting that up.
i'm really looking forward to it!
My ears are being violated by a punk's racist BS playing out loud on the DCMetro.
What I wouldn't give for a small EMP right now.
RT  If you gone reply to my text with one word don't even fucking text me back...
Hate that shit with a passion
Good morning, Stella!
Have you looked over the info we sent you last week?
We'd be more than happy to send it again.
Also I am giving you during race happy you will own it thoughts.
27 followers!
You guys inspire me, wow famous..woah.
Who are some of your favorite local bands?
left a message with your online support to have corp sales contact me 2 weeks ago.
Haven't heard from them.
Kinda disappointed.
o Chippy sale does transvestites so he's the dirty whore bag I think.
do u have the patience to wait till mud settles  the water is clear?
Can u remain unmoving till the right action arises by itself?
LaoTzu
That's if my doorman lets you lol
Good for Adam Dunn.
His confidence has to be sky high right now.
i just got home :
would love to travel Europe but he fears nonEnglish speaking people
S/O to for punching me yesterday and leaving two bruises on my arm.
idefinatelyfeltthelove 
Prepping for a busy week!
can we call our house next year The RayBarn ?
yeah no?
Lol not happening
The bottom line is that it's all worth the trouble!
Hope that your having a delicious, happy birthday today.
Love birthday cake!
The only pain you should go through is the one when your friends make you laugh to hard.
All I want to do is give you a big hug and comfort you as you go through this tough time, but I can't.
/3
great to see you last night, thanks for putting the group together.
i owe you a beer in NYC
Fans were amazing tonight!
u never rap anymore just beats :0
Totally not sure if it's gonna work with my crazy sched, but it sounds like it could be pretty awesome.
What else you taking?
Awesome, MLB is back on FOX today.
Welcome back Joe!!!
It's been too long.
wake up and text me already,
Gahh there Is a guy at my school who is so hot it's hard 2 look at him!!!
Johnny Cash is THE MAN hands down
Tonight was my most frustrating night of the year.
But im glad it happened.
I was tested, but succeeded.
Everyday is a lesson  I'm grateful
nah my bf always ends taking mine off lol
American Academy of Family Physicians Foundation Launches Cities for Life
wahhhhhh are you talking about, you're skinny lmao
What's with the smoke and smell of burned wood in miami today
If you hear about a murder in a hotel in Jackson its because I beat this loud woman too severely, I guess I don't know my own strength.
I just realized that September 1st was my 4th anniversary of becoming a librarian.
Just for off back hurting like hell
: I know a secret then...
So excited too!
THATS TRUE ,, PEEP MY POLE GURL JAM WEN U FIND TIME COLAB THIS THA DALLAS O.G BUT THA JAM IS AT MYSPACECOM/OGBIGGTRAI187
Longest day..I need a good workout now
September Line Up : 16th  Celebrating 's Birthday  23rd  30th
Work Hard Play Hard , i heard dat in some song on da radio , its stuck in my head
haha, that's true, but you hang out on the East side most of the time, right?
I rarely make it over there .
.
.
is so beautiful and talented i hope she follows me she is Amazing!
:
Can't wait for twa's new album!
the day before and after the major league baseball all star game....
Looking like a great crowd for event tonight on exits.
I want to go to the dollor store to get a pt but I hve no way to get there
Our agency golf tournament gets hotter everyday!!
Special model guests soon to be announced!
Jason Allen continues to make plays.
You are right !
You are ready for trivia.
Dont forget, 5 grape bombs tonight!
RT Larry King
Wish I could have talked more at agentRB   I are doing some cool things over here.
Wanted your take on it
Ladies and gentleman, truth is now exceptable, fame is now injectable
Michael Floyd to the cardinals.
sick
My whole family is playing bomber man ultra right omg
TELL ME NOT?
You can always order online, but if you want to see Gourme Mist in your local grocer make sure to tell their customer service!!
I need to make my way to the 9 the 9 the 9
Being challenged in life is inevitable, being defeated is optional.
Roger Crawford: Motivational author and speaker
The last date I went on was 3 weeks ago.
Not good.
So now, it's up to Heather!!!
LOL
Packing for this weekend's Monster Mania con in MD!
I'm right here.
RT : Pimp C back, so wtf is up?
If you want a good conversation go to Stadium Barbers.
AND Divine Romance by Phil Wickham.
nowplaying.
3 Okay that was my last one.
We're AlldoctorssedUp !!
PinkPurple
then people only have average looking or ugly kids meaning my daughters wont be able to find a cute boy
hahaha!
yeah : Why do all boys at DMS have to be douchebags?
XD so glad theres no school tomorrow
Isn't being a football World Champion synonymous to me being a log rolling World Champion?
IF anyone is free to say anything on the radio.
Is it ok to Electronically JAM 's monopolized frequencies?
onlyatSU do the teachers dismiss class early so they can get their party on during the Homecoming festivities.
Who does dat?
You and me.
Bestfriends forever3
Why did the king go to the dentist?
Good day for Miami: Vilma done for year and Shannon suing for money owed.
same thing as the helicopter circling my house for two hours yesterday AM?
Just started following the Dalai Lama and now Twitter suggests I might also follow Schwarzenegger.
Um, really?
Be a lamp, a lifeboat, a ladder.
Help someone's soul heal.
Walk out of your house like a shepherd.
Rumi
HP/Cisco lawsuit ironic given that according to LinkedIn, HP is the 2nd most popular company exCisco emps go to
: House of payne funny af
Wow.
When I was your age my equipment was a glove.
The team had bats, softballs, and issued uniforms.
About to have some GREAT training with Astonish Results in just a few!
Had a funn time at the movies .3
Sen.
Majority leader dean skelos says two early budgets in a row is historic.
Much appreciated!
RT : I want to thank for his generous support of !
God gives us this day; He fills it to the brim with possibilities, and challenges us to use it for His purposes.
Aww Cute!
My dog has his own fan, he's spoiled to death lol.
Really proud SVB is supporting in Dublin today.
Good luck to the 10 presenting companies.
haha nuh uh!
that's funny!
Great game!
Breaks mine too but I'll just keep taking care of my kids and doin what I gotta do!
Be good :
Hey hey hey.
What's happening
Oh my goodness..
Slow rain great day to read and relax in anticipation of hpmkt tomorrow.
I love my job!
What a wonderful night:
Need a job pronto
You know how sometimes you go to a conference and have no idea what the hell anyone is taking about?
Yeah.
Most inappropiate thing spongebob has saidYeah sizzle those juices:P
The Angels have been shut out 7 times, most in MLB while the RedSox have scored in double digits 7X, also most in MLB.
Colorado trailed by 3 after 1, 3 after 2, and now 3 after the 3rd.
with a couple in the quarter for the Mammoth
I'm so thirsty
no problem
that's where mine are!
He mad the actress Lebron is getting all these calls.
You would be mad too.

Just BeYou ; Everyone else IsTaken  LIKE
We just love our next promotion, can't wait to tell you all about it!
Bought Dots instead of cough doctorps this morning.
I don't think you are supposed to spend the whole morning eating gumdoctorps.

follow follow follow...
Stay updated on unsilent night 4 :
hey thanks!
We can't wait to open up in 2012.
TD!
Stave to Hammond for a 7yard touchdown.
Hammond with a nice extension to break the plane.
70 Cardinal.
...
is my husband, I'm already following him don't worry ;
no more roommates for me!
Ill stay the independent beezy that i am :
We started early :
I'm the h word tight now lol
lol oh ok, and wth is a hash tag?
nice!
Have a couple of taco's and go take some pics!!
free food couldn't have come at a better time
invading the OU library today.
huzzah!
fashion show choreography meeting!
You too : And I will!
Finally got some sleep, passing out around 10:30 like a lame :D
This has literally been the most annoying and full of bullshit week of my life.There for if someone even dares to get smart .U will get hurt
I just choked on my hot Cheetos when I read that the omg girls song where da boys at was dope I have to hurry and listen to it ah 
Wishing you the best Wednesday ever.
Jim Please give your team my best!
I want ice cream.
I hate people with fucked up teeth.
SEFE is so nice!
this thurs.
I'd say plan on being there no later than 3:45.
It's the BG club on mcgloughlin.
39 degrees, rain, softball by the lake
BuildDayMemories Rico comes back for seconds in pizza before the rest of the line even gets their first.
Lol
hahaha I KNOW!!!
It very well may!!
I was so excited for you to see Scars on 45!!
They're so good live..
:
Beautiful day in the city  sunlight at 6:30am and 40 degrees.
Spring is just around the corner.
Jus don't feel like goin to work today.....
Oh dear, hopefully the melties will lead to a nice exhaustion factor now.
Only 2 runs scored.
Definitely more action on morning show.
They should have MLB Opener ONTHEGO!
It's a Wonderful Wednesday!
What makes it so wonderful?
You!
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
Waking up early for wpdh roofathon....the show will definately be worth it!
It's true though!
Always!
hope ur doing good...
on c  revu!
Jay Z  Linkin Park collaborating had to be one of the best musical decisions of all time
Happy birthday Greg Glover!!
:
.
My pleasure.
That may be the guy who was reported to be skiing to work.
That is ominous RT : R on Gonzalez: We were all really happy and looking forward to seeing what he was going to do this yr
Thanks for the info!
mahomies understand me so well 3
Grandma is here today so I have I sleep in my room tonight ...
: you are much nicer than i...
i used explatives in my shut up!
;
feels like i'm fallin and i'm lost in your eyes3
Pan Fried Mediterranean Flounder with Shrimp
Just finished a photo shoot with Chef Ralph Perrazzo.
Always great to work with a friend.
I am subbing today  per4mance and Tread It, come workout with me!
ruling the earth is so pass.
BREAKING NEWS AlQaeda was planning to derail a train on the 10th anniversary of 9/11  ABC News
what they need, is what i have ...
Thank the Lord for pain pills!
Do you know Van Halen's version of You Really Got Me?
Indeed!
Thx for ur support RT : Cool.
Just got confirmation that my company matched my last donation to
yo.wanna do dance dare w david tomorrow?
Thanks, David.
So appreciated :
hahaha i just sit there too...waiting for someone to pass by and do it for me.lmao...sigh, im so lazy 
Dear , we're hoping to get lots of beautiful snapshots of Portland directed to this account.
Spare an RT for a good cause?
:
its only after 10 out west.
FF shoutout to  the company that provides all my Social Media Strategies course readings.
lol
im tied of runin ....
But we both know you're gonna need that much deserved break!
The fact tht people know nothing and continue to criticize
Good catch on the malformed link.
Thanks.
Should be fixed now.
just got word radiohead shirts will be coming back into print sometime in september.
at least 1 new print will be available.
details soon!
Why must I be cursed with eternal social awkwardness?
:
TGIF!
who's hittin the links this weekend?
Thanks for doing what you do!
Love and prayers today.
Let those you love know it and feel it.
Life and love are unpredictable.
Cherish them
I haven't been remembering my doctorams lately, which sucks because I like to remember them
HeLLo misternAnDoS...hOw aRe YoU???: tAkE CaRe AlWaYs...
I haven't been as jealous of someone who wrote a song that I wish I had written in a long time  but tonight I heard...
But also not surprised this happened 3 days after introducing him to Adam.
Coincidence?
I think not....
:
we've been hiding this particular light under a bushel basket for too long.
Let it shine!
From a social media perspective, we do a pretty good job on engaging with clients.

thx for RT!
and for ftw12 tweets!
hope it's an awesome day!
hey u
This sort of thing must happen during work hours.
Oh great.
Please keep me updated.
It's one of the things I'm working on at UCLA.
Today was another tough match up for my U9 team but they do play their butts off  I love it!
2nd half was only 10.
YUMMY:D what kind of pizza?:
I have so much work to do today :
true that hahah
Try our 5 madefromscratch pasta lunch specials from 11 a.m.
3 p.m.
daily.
So good, so cheap.
Oh yeah!
Happy Birthday, Jolene!
Curves wit bbabe yaaaaah bitch excellent
I do!
I need to make sure they aren't a freak.
our goal is to send 100 million meals to crisis food pantries in US schools each year.
Will you help?
Bwahaha!
What goes on that sandwich?
Jobs is on the cover of Adweek, Rolling Stone, People  Biz Week among others.
What other person would appear on all four the same week?
loves mindless television after midnight :D
I would go anywhere to feel like I belong.
Awe snap!
Gonna be a great weekend, and I'm so glad I will be able to spend it with you.
Lucky boy right here.
Unwarranted stop  frisks are poisoning the relationship btw communities  police.
The path we're on is making NYC less safe  must change
The same people who have called our President every racist, bigoted name, are falling apart because Goober died.
Sounds perfect.
Wish I could join you
Loving SCOTS 8 piece box on !!
I will for sure!
I love you.
I get the bunny, baskets and eggs part but the rest of these posts, it seems people are discovering Viagra.
Brunch in gtown to watch the kick some ass!!!
Yeahzaaaaa
Where are the haters now
Any takers to see the Pacers play Linderella on St Pattys Day?
It'll be linsational...
Kissing pink.
anyone know if 2 yr olds need a ticket for the at petco?
: To any jury psychologists: would a lawyer juror help Oracle or Google in this case?
It depends on their belief system.
We love jesus but u can learn alot from satan!
Cold doctornks and high school friends
really?
I always thought it had to do with fonts.
whoknew?
8P hahahaha
Why not do something and cosponsor the FRAC Act?
Louis Vuitton condoms: Classier than a mofucka.
The Patriots are Tiger Woods.
The Giants are his doctorver.The Giants are the Patriots duck hook into the woods!
I don't WANT to be challenged.
I want love.
And maybe some carbs.
We hope everyone has a safe and relaxing 4th of July weekend!!
Enjoy the weather!!
come on man!
it's
then again, I'd like to teach production, which is qualitycritical.
Teaching the bagpipes is probably not as critical.
no we aren't open today.
Sorry girlie!
ha, not sure.
Beatles songs don't tend to get stuck in my head;
It's just destiny.
I'm not designed to be happy.
I shouldn't see you tweeting if you have yet to text me back.
The shit you say.....
I love legendary i wish i was at home watching it
Right.
We're planning for two nights.
Hopefully, that will work.
Days like this make me wish my last name started with A
Just having mobile wallets will not doctorve user adoption.
Offers  coupons will entice users to actually use a mobile wallet
Thank you for the RT!
I actually have 1 more kit to give away if you would like it!
Just DM me your addoctorss!
At Torrey Pines High School Foundation fundoctoriser at Belly Up in Solana Beach.
Good music, good people, good times...
Is MCMA 2 beta safe to use for my server?
we need more doctorma games!
Like heavy rain...
And survival horror :
We must learn to see opportunitity, We often look for a basket of apples and miss the apple tree because we don't want to pick the apples.
I am embracing and endorse the new champs in WWE
imagine Louis taking his fingers and running them up and down your spine, and you get chills.
Louis: you like that babe?
You kiss him.
I'll be at tonight to stand in solidarity with Scott Olsen  occupyoakland ...wish I could do more
Key term to negotiate for from cloud vendors is they will use your data only for purposes of providing you services.
Seems like everyone's talking about it..
knut rest in peace
fun fun!
Raise your hand if you thought the Orioles would be 117, with ONE lost series to start the season?
One class down, one class and thesis corrections to go!
Hm, it's kind of sad how you can lose friends from a break up.
That just shows how much you really cared lol.
HOLLA HOLLA HOLLA WHO WILL BECOME THE SPURS NEXT VICTIM RT : Clippers.
Grizzlies.
Game.
Seven.
Enough said.
and we need some shoes or else
Home schoolers in Kentucky don't even have to take state mandated exams.
It's a form of child abuse...
i know .
dumb ass people!
getting us excited for nothing and shiiiit
your understanding of what is sexual assault is questionable and disgusting.
Happy Birthday !
You seriously lack originality..
Just saw someone reference expo goodies as conference swag.
Love it!
looking 4 a legit manager
happycincodemayo it more like a holiday for an excuse to go out and doctornk in the U.S.!!!!
in mexico its probably different there!!!
lol
ima join illuminati, and just tweet and instgram all the meetings..
Twinkle twinkle little snitch I hope you die in a ditch :
I will soon!
1.
N.E.R.D 2.
The Beatles 3.
Nirvana
I think I could of done without Holland's Weather Man video.
lol I missed the boat on that show, havent seen it and way too far behind to ever catch up
My TL dead though
Today is Take Your Daughter to Work day!
Did you bring you kid along for the commute today?
good morning my yngsquad fam and the rest of the twitter world!!!
time 2 make this money!!!!
Grandpa's service was really nice.
Now onto the reception, mom's birthday cake in hand.
I need verified though.
Because and...
hold on
tag them!!!
I need to meet friends!
haha
Some kids with ADD cannot focus if they are not actively engaged, and may get sleepy when having to sit still too long.
See The Sun Come Up Always Makes Me Think Y The Fuck Wuz I Up All Night.
Just made it to my sis house with my men ....ready to eat good
One day I'll find you.
newcastle is ready for ya, the question is r u ready for newcastle??
I cnt wait to see ya rock this place!!!
Much love x
Have a ton of work if I am to soft launch the new Media Services site tomorrow, but its shaping up nicely.
3b the button to 6k with KK after Joe El Playaa opened.
He shoved 51k with A7cc.
A on flop.
Down to 68k.
Gotta admire the kid's heart.
How elected officials waste taxpayer money  pay 28K to PR firms to tweet and facebook for them because they can't figure it
but its beautiful innocent little girl voice
Love your music, Sadie!
Very unique...
Lost are game because it was raining.
Big Birthday Shout out to Meg Krulee..Someone very near and dear to my heart.
Her love for me is unconditional and i will always cherish it.
And once again fuck watterson parking
I miss it.
The depth of sleep I can get wrapped in the arms of other person.
That awkward moment when you walk into a place and all eyes are on you....
Ha!
Yea sexy :
I now understand why I am liking my kids' current fav show, Phineas and Ferb.
I am off to a meeting.
I will get my wife Patti to call in if I can.
Avery Brooks as Cpt Benjamin Sisko on Deep Space Nine deserves mention
wants to do more than watch T.V.
The doors of wisdom are never shut.
Benjamin Franklin
Our schedule is full for today.
Limited available time for Thursday.
I like a comedian who can/does laugh at his own jokes.
Unlike Woody Allen, we're not just just expected to KNOW you're funny.
Every bar I've been to today has Taco Tuesday What's next?
Mexican Mondays and Wing Wednesdays?
Oh yeah.
Why make a change??
I hope that my NewYorkKnicks can get this win; if we cannot, then I will accept an inevitable sweep.
yep yep
I was so proud of you
you are right bro
Virginia Elite, 2014, Obi Enechionyia, St James School receiving D1 looks.
Coach Paul Easton had a great 1st year for the Saints.
Nicole Bedford got cdp21 off to a great start in B159 with her presentation, great conversation now
we have a great discount going on right now.
Call us  2067207017 :D
Thanks!
I can't make the 2012 one, but by spring 2013 I'll be living in Berlin, so it might be very doable.
SO LIKE..
who wants to be in a photo im making for dylan?:
I hate when ppl categorize women like the lighter the better.
If you prefer this though, make sure that you have plenty of help so that everyone still gets a chance to have fun at the party
Happy to do the QA!
Just let us know.
Magnificent bold eagle spotted above MLK park.
omg that is way too many classes!!!
.
nombre my mom said that ima just take a break in the summer that I need it  then next
I'm convinced that people who strand their shopping carts in the middle of parking lots are generally awful people.
I have alot going on.
Everything is well, I'm blessed just alot of sacrifice lately with business and baby.
How are you?
if you are going out your way to be in our way?!
then you feel out shined and we ain't really trying anonymous fact
Only 100,000 followers away from 103,784.
Help me get there!!!
yoyoyoyo!
fml alex just texted me
Good for you.
The TV God demands that only the blood of the valiant be spilled in sacrifice.
will you be joining us for the festival this year?
The struggles we experience in life are only test!
I can't believe that Creed brings in so many people that they need 2 nights at the Chicago Theatre.
: 1.
This is the most lastminute I have ever been preparing for a presentation.
2.
I should stay away from open bars.
: Love doesn't care if the glass is half empty or half full; it just finds thirsty people without stopping to measure 
wordoftheday Ppl often accuse Clark Kent of being a nebbish; but what they've witnessed is only half of his true personality.
Thanks Neil!
Brookfield, NY need females for photoshoot.
No nudity.
Pay is 1200 dollars.
Chills.chills.chills.
RT : Be bad.
Stay bad.
Do fish sleep?
She likes her momma Ari too, so it's okay
i better get my phone back today...
you're welcome!
I am seriously so pumped.
I ended up going back and buying a 3rd pair of jeans!
haha.
can I have you?
K thanks
WELL ONE, HE HAS A GIRLFRIEND TWO, I DON'T THINK SHE'S LEGAL AND THREE, SHALVO
Very nice!
The Nike swoosh symbol was designed by a Portland University student and was purchased by Nike for 35 bucks
If not workamajig, is there any other agency project management software you'd recommend?
DM me please.
data sharing and opengov at
baby unicorns
Will never spend any more money on Nikon.
Second camera has gone bad.
Oh well, fool me once......
Canon here I come
I need to CTRL ALT DELETE my day.
My computer is freaking out this morning.
It's a sign to start over my day right?
You are welcome, I had such a good time and what great folks.
Have a great Friday everyone!
:
Tyson Beckford jerks off on cam and its a SexTape I do it and I'm some kinda freak AND I actually have a big dicc to do it!
Unfair 
La la la la la la la la bring out the glass tables!
well since no one wants to play my little game...scree all of u..lol jk not really
Oh rain please stop.
You're depressing.
The Avengers: I know I should think it was muddled and overlong but WHIZ BANG I'm too busy LOVING IT.
I never thought of that actually!
It does physically bridge the musem.
I like that.
No being singular plural is what we are as a humanity under the dominating forces of neoliberalism
Standing in line at Chipotle.
Everyone wants a burrito I guess.
Enjoyed  appreciate the read.
Late on this reply...but I prefer smart Hulk.
I've decided I'm no longer sick.
Any sniffling today should be dismissed as a personality quirk.
So glad you enjoyed your visit!
tweet me a number
New Followers ROCK!!!
THANK YOU!
we should go train hopping god, this isn't the 1930's
Who grabbed the other 2 spots for the men?
So frustrating not being able to watch this live .
.
.
Digging Laura Dern's emerald sparkly doctorss.
Her hair is great too.
She looks quite glamourous
You know your team is top class when the people your cutting are better than any teams starters will be missed
well that's pretty home grown!
Canned Corn!!!
aww you look like you're having a blast!
Thx for the video!
First real off day in weeks.
Please stand by.
The website is down, but we are working hard to find and fix the problem.
Thanks for being patient!
where were you tonight?
had all the freshest ingredients to make you the perfect cocktail!
Let me know next time!
who are you calling loser?
will you follow back?
I love you 3
HeadlinerFridays brought to you by  
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw you and your spouse can take your time to decide what is best for each of you.
if we'd dance high school musical i'd wanna be troy.
definitely.
all your tweets are hilarious right now.
I am going to respond to them all.
it's a thing.
Colorado Won 70.
Houston Won 10 Unit Play, Arizona is now 60.
How easy is this again?
Holla at us if you want to make some real Money.
It's time to boycott any and all sponsors of that big fat pumpkin head, Rush Limbaugh.
He's in a Gots to Go situation.
School uniforms next year?
Thanks Brian.
ProTip: Do not install an SDK update on the day of the gamejam.
giveaways to answer a simple question
very true.
same goes for bottom inning baseball overtime.
doctorves me nuts!
: Admit it, talking shit is the funnest thing to do.
lol
I better
Been Caught Stealing.
Here comes the mosh.
Biggest roar of the night: season ticket holder hits half court shot for 25K at timeout.
Thanks!
It's quite good  really!
If your love was all I had in this life that would be enough until the end of time.
RT maddiegrant RT Don't wait for the perfect moment.
Take the moment and make it perfect.
Check your email, John.
Something should be sitting there from me.
:
im just so in love with you guys
Umm...will I be having a new boss come tomorrow?
Mark Clayton WR Stl is active and expected to see plenty of snaps.
Another solid add to ur depth.
On my first red carpet at the CCMAs Spreecasting with VH1
4 U FLASH,CASH,  ASS MOTHERFKERS THE NU COLLAB PLAYCLOTHS G SHOCK B ON TIME GET THE BREAD  BUTTER WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes
love it
I was out there!
thank you for following!
i think im headn the pub lata u should go by
r u ok
oh cool haha i saw the hunger games last night it was pretty good
omg, stop getting free stuff!
you are a luck magnet!
dm would your company have an interest in collaborating?
So tired...didn't get home from the casino until 5am  back up by 9 smh...
Phx.
Metro areaMake a difference in someones life while making ends meet.
Open your home to an adult w/disabilities
not opposed but it will be a learning curve, I student taught all day everyday kdg yrs ago and loved it!
Zappos takes advantage of the OBL story to sell shoes.
Tacky.
I doctorpped out of college because I hated doing the homework and then decided to become a writer so I could give myself homework everyday.
When you boil water, it helps to turn on the stove
It's really nice, and the light it gives off is, I don't know, somehow warmer than a candle?
I love mine.
Glad you like it!
I would never leave a cake I made sitting around with you living in the same house .
Lol
Happy Hollidays to all my fellow window cleaners!
YEA ARE YA?
I think MJ was talented in the field of music...but come on...he had so many problems
Let me sleep all day and you'll be my bff
Aw thanks B :
I'm glad you got caught too  is just a bit too subtle sometimes ;
Mark Reynolds...please make me a believer!
Come on Wisconsin, extend the GOP circus by voting down that Romney clown!
We stand with the 130,000 women of Texas who have lost their access to healthcare!
Continue to take a stand for women's rights!
At MWSA 2011 conference,Louis Intres' presentation on how Graverobbing  Theft of Middle Eastern Antiquities is funding terrorism was great.
O!
I'm sure the fabulous staff at would LOVE some deliciousness from !
Be sure to stop by!
looking for more....
Pet town til I fall asleep
God you said, if I ask for it and speak it in your name it will be given to me!!!
This bottling plant is mine!!!!!
In your name, Aman!!
Well there goes Baltimore's momentum.
Let's see how Flacco responds.
It really brightens up my day when my mom says she's proud of me.
Hard work really does pay off.
To beep, or not to beep: that is the question.
RT : Beep boop beep bo beep.
whirr beep no beep boo boop.
Stay positive when negativity surrounds you.
Smile when others frown.
Its an easy way to make a difference.
Very sad to hear of death of Carl Beane VoiceOfFenway.
Thoughts with RedSox family.
selling my pair of Milwaukee tickets...Who's interested?
DM me :
Set fire to the rain, soothing ....
the notebook3
Learn about inspiring women every Sunday morning!
Subscribe to receive a short bio this week's women in history: eepurl.com/c6fTI
: You're the wind beneath my wings, handsome.
hey there.
How's your dissertation coming along?
Just checking in with you.
alright  you?:
favmovietime Last Holiday love this movie QueenLatifiah and
this weekend I believe actually!!
Ha and this is my last week of school too!!
Ha
RT : I wanna deep throat some good rt now : who's up:me
I think my best friend and I are gonna go backpacking through Europe next summer after graduation...
funtimes :
you're welcome!
Here is to good music!
I'm going to North Dakota in MArch!to work  Whispers a strip club that I hear does very well.
Hope it's not to cold!
Hell yeah, we innit.
I've been cleaning and babysitting all day so I've not gotten to enjoy it either.
:
Out of power.
Even the cell phone was out of juice and was charging.
Cut off from phones and the internet last few minutes.
West palm beach Florida definitely!
:
Who wants to text ;
Sox are up 101, meaning they have, what, a 40 shot of winning?
Fighting for systemic change and digital inclusion
Horoscope said I'm planning an unconventional trip to an exotic place.
Is Madison, WI considered exotic after traveling SE Asia for 4 mos??
Friday and Saturday Night Dance Parties  San Francisco Chronicle
A national television show and local stations will begin LIVE coverage of the preparation two hours before the start of the ride.
P Don Mgea GETTING RICH QUICK IS FOR LAZY PEOPLE , the misconception about fame is how it is captainred, there is no proven formula but hard 
Yikes!
MixInSomeSpeedStick RT : More like Sunday...whoops.
Please and thank you : Thursday?
this week at www.risenmagazine.com: Jack Johnson, professor Dean Nelson, Sam Flores , Mark Hoppus
She sold out a long time ago.
She only cares about her career and that moron she's dating, hence I have no love for her.
Don't have writers bock.
Blocked by having to make a living
Ha, we're gonna stick with Pure.
It works for us.
Any chance we can rock YoungAndoctorckless gear on the show??
Let us know!!
Wanna get in on that flavaa
flying all day to Asia
Thanks for the tweet!
Really?
She was talking about how he kept looking at her and she had to leave the room cause she was crying.
Merry Christmas from the Rocktagon family to yours!
With every opportunity for fulltime work I pass up I get a little more nervous another good one might not come along.
MMSS rregistration complete.
Players assigned teams.
High intensity training sessions underway.
Raining again?
Now I just think mother nature is really fucking with me.
Hey Denise, we just shot you an email!
Please Please Please follow me!
im a huge fan of yu guys!
yu all have such amazing talent!
B, D, and F!
Up now on Numbers and Letters!
Get them now!
Thanx Jay I'm finally in the Club lol
So your on DWTS!
You should win easily, your athletic, dont weigh 250, graceful  nice figure.
Your a lock!
love footlosse their the best
I am LOVING : so adorable!!
Thanks, !
i hope he does as well
know u meant family...i said 'what' as in i have none Lmaooo and u damn traveler!!!
i call walking downtown a vacation hahaaa
Yes, we'll have tickets at the door tonight for  The Builders  the Butchers  Awahnichi  8pm  hope you'll join us!
If you missed the 2011 SpelmanDMIS student film showcase join us on campus tomorrow at 7pm in Cosby LL31!
plsRT!
Thanks for the Twitter follow!
Here's to future digital collaboration!!!
: Be glad your team didn't move to the soulless FedEx field...
you already know!
they were clip in...
Don't know about her brand!
Mhm!
it was actually just warm this afternoon!
Morning Benny!
Have fun at the truck show.
Another work day for this hard worker!
Added 1, count 'em,1 new poster into my database.
Stop me before it get too big.
is that an Illinois State Jersey?
Meringue is the appendix of dessert substances.
Some people are just too cheap to use whipped cream, I guess.
Very odd...
But I'm really glad it's working...it would have been a long night at the ref desk without it...
I just saw a video of a doq beatboxinq.
O.o
SchoolMemories I was in kindergarten and I glued this bitch's face to the table because she took my baby doll.
I dunno about the pool getting done, but Ill take u for a ride on my tractor ; RT LMAO ur on, as long as the pool is built
You...ditched my reading to go see Rachel Maddow?
That's what you had to go to Milwaukee for?
The lesson has reoccurred my whole life  sometimes, pain is a good thing  you wear it proudly.
Problem can be easliy solved, R Senate can vote with D and pass the O budget!
Quuer art should be recognized and preserved!
RT : We're featured in Reasons to Have Pride in Pride 2012,...
F.Y.ITaurus do not need to meet anyone new unless it has something to do with business and that person is qualified otherwise STFU...
i hope your coming back to Boston soon x Boston Directioners miss you guys 3 follow me?
ok, who has a copy of the kronos 4tet doing don't think twice it's alright?
On comt 16, R1.6: clarify inadvertently disclosing confidential info no violation if reasonable safeguards taken
would someone post the list of visits for the day?
Look forward to following.
Wish we had done this too.
Enjoy!
Really hope i have enoigh money for gas this weekend...
Stupid school.
It costs too much
Del Friscos in Louisville for dinner then who knowsBH
i'v never used an iclicker.
here goes my first time...
Sure.
Send us a mention with the petition link and a nice description about it and we'll RT it.
SZ
I actually switched over to a switch blade for a more spontaneous shave.
Martinez plates Burns with a single.
73 Panthers
Who's using pinterest?
We just started
Who Run The World!
Beyonce ROCK ON!
WW ashevillewine
theraflu is fire
ruh roh, that's never good!
people like that end up alone, screw 'em
Hi, what's bringing you to Phoenix?
fb inbox me
Fantastic, Amazing, Stupendous!!!
CBS fails to realize this is a basketball game, not a F1 race.
Gotta love madea!
No problem
Two mexicans walk into a cantina...
:Thank you for the follow...And sorry I cant help with the massage but if you need a mani or pedi or facial let me know!
Excited to be going to Iowa.
Visiting the Sears call center.
what happened?
Boys were interviewed for their participation in the Ride of Silence check them out on at 11 or fox 27 at 10!
RT : RT : WHO DOESN'T HAVE FUN WHEN DISNEY JUNIOR IS IN THE HOUSE!!??
New song !!
Street knock by swizz beatz
Thanks, that did it.
Funny enough, right click  Open declaration doesn't work!
Thanks guys!
Everything is cancelled this weekend due to snow...
Now i can relax...
S/O to all my followers
sophia is a good tool and kids can make packets with it too working on your canvas comment mystery
You just got shot down player MaybeNextTime your game will work.
thank you for the RT's!!
A marijuana dispensary is following me on Twitter.
Well I was I just pissed about a little bit too much
WHO.
IS.
rebeccablack and what the heck did she do to everyone?!
This is crazy.
Independent means we research policies and rates from more than 50 toprated companies to build a plan thats just right for you.
Well, we waited for a while ....
: Yeah after listening to music Im sold lol!!
aWESOME VOICE!!
WOW thanks 4 the love.
One more page, and I'm done with term papers for a few months!
BEFORE  someoneAustin Mahone is not that hot!
AFTER  someoneOMG Austin Mahone is so HOT !!
:D 3 ME Ughh!.
You got it!
I'm currently working on stuff so you can hear me : What are you doing this weekend?
RT : FallOfCybertron shouldn't disappoint Transformers fans when it doctorps in Fall of 2012
I'm on a seaweed diet Oh word?
Yeah, I see weed  I smoke it 
I figured that out and blocked and reported.
Retweeting me to other trolls in order for them to spam me is spam, IMO.
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him
Let's hear it my fashion dolls, who are your favorite designers?
RT RT When Peoplee don't txt me back but tweet!!!
Ugh
Anybody have any good book recommendations?
Cuddling with someone you have feeling for
I know so sad.
KING LEBRON JAMES AND WADE FINNA KILL OKC TODAY !!!!!!!!
Some peeps to follow:
I hope i see my boy frend today : I missed him so much:
that awkward moment when you want to laugh in a serious situation
FOLLOW ME BACK: 24
Honored you're celebrating your BDAY at our party!!
RT Celebrating my 21st tonight at the Submerge show...
I might not be everything you ever wanted, but I'm always going to be more than you deserve.
Bro they younger and very , very Hungry!!!
Plus 8 days off fresh legs!!!
Understanding the reader's begins with listening, and ends with crafting effective messages  story telling.
killin beers and makin memories
aww how sweet!
Mine don't : they just quiii at me for responses but no singing or anything.
Do you have any other birds?
Day 99 of 100: I am thankful for seeing/feeling very clearly again when I go for my heart  or not
my head is going to explode..
I followed her plzz can i win
Heading to LA in a week for some classes and networking.
Couldn't be more excited!!
I think just signing in every once in awhile will keep it active.
Afta May 18 uma b a whole new person
So me an my mom came up wit a theme for the baby stuff.
Its gonna be sheep :
Today is the perfect day for tea and the kindle.
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: Great game!!!!!!
by Ophelia
How do we actually get the 30 days of eLearning?
I completed the first module about LiveLink.
I thought he was good but got a bit annoying.
Strange elective Romney foreign policy detour is strange.
Help us fight SOPA!
Looking for a videographer to volunteer helping us film  edit a short PSA.
email for details:
yeah but I'm busy
Thanks for shout out :
WOW 345 today!
5 more to be at 350 :
Hey, everyone follow lols
Hi ladies...see you soon!
Can't wait to be on campus in August!
countdown RT : Looking forward to having you here!
I Hope It Dnt Hurt
Wisconsin WR Nick Toon finally comes off the board as the newest member of the New Orleans Saints.
4th round, 122nd overall.
That's what I was thinking...
Being interviewed Monday April 30th  8pm on FIrst World Radio.
Talking Mixtapes, mixtapes and 90s altrock culture.
The fact that you creep and take the time to tweet us back makes me love you even more 3
Headed to work blessed with.
No stress..
Protests are moving uptown, ZenLive.tv is syndicating the march from the streets.
Crack cocaine?
Funny how things work out sometimes.
I start out choosing not to eat fasting.
Now I can't eat much: Continued next tweet
CraZy long lines at the airport today.
I LOVE Kindoctord!
Every action in our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity.
Edwin Hubbel Chapin
Very beautiful day today such a lovely day.
Tonight we're going to party like its 1959 at the grand opening party!
I hear that.
I been listening to kid, love it.
Thank u guys!
You're the best!
We appreciate the follow!
:
Cleaning with my mom and found business cards that I made when I was 8.
They have my info and say hangout with me.
I even have a fax ...
Our pleasure.
Hope you two can get together....
no problem
glad i'm not the only one who realized this.
BROTHER WHY CANT I TALK TO U
well I don't know who this ziara girl is Fer....hahahahahahaaaa Was that a typo?
Anyway, yeah I told you I'm a good girl x
Come on down tonight to take our FREE Shuttle to Irish Fest at Blackthorn!
and get a free doctornk upon return at the end of the night!
Hey!
Hows it going?
Another one on Twitter.
HELLO!
thanks for the follow.
Many fond memories of Boise.
A visit with Bray's and then Thanksgiving dinner with the Nilssons...I couldn't ask for a better day!
possibly lol.
Just got back from all nighter of editing and touching up photos.
So I just fell asleep.
:
yes I worked with David Langub!
We are now at Gables.
RT  Jacksonville Jaguars coach Jack Del Rio confirmed that quarterback David Garrard will start the season opener.
At my nigga studio.
Like my nigga would say he jamming on the one.
Lol
MIND your business
You lie through your teeth Silverstein
Thanks.
Always seems strange at end of semester as in, what do I do next?
:
Thanks for the tip!
Took the family to Chinatown over the break, today my daughter yelled, Who hid my explosives?
same with my school an Apple IIe.
follow Mee!!!
stopbulling!
It hurts others in ways you wouldn't even know!!!!
jeez i have so many pics on facebook  the one time i don't take a pic in front of the mirror, EVERYBODY loves it O.O
Just read the Dyer QA  great stuff.
MSB first floor smells of natural gas; Facilities mechanic currently investigating the cause.
Do NOT EVER apologize to me, only to follow with a but..
wow.
Don't waste your breath.
Happy feet mother fucker.
OH UMM HEEY.
ARE YOU LIKE ALLERGIC TO MY FOLLOW BUTTON CUZ LIKE YOU HAVENT PRESSED IT YET.
Wokshoped with Joy Todd who found Morgan Freeman and tonight with Kim Hardin who did the Fridays movies!
Amazing afternoon visits to Johnson Elementary and JacksonVia Elementary Schools  our schools are awesome!
blackpeoplehobbies wearing your pants down to your ankles, walking like you've crapped yourself and talking like yo dawg
its good she's the only country one cuz she has all of the country vote.
headed out towards the closest webcam see u soon.
I grew up overseas and wouldnt change that childhood for anything.
Glad the storms have settled down abit here in the Memphis area.
Very tired.
You still don't get it.
I paid you for something you never came through with.
Then when I call you out you say, and I quote:
Look forward to hearing updates down the track.
Please keep me postd.
Good to be back in touch!
I missed it, we're they playin nickelback haha?
Hi Dawn.
Welcome to CMLbookchat Do you have a favorite book made into a movie?
John Harnage  Because I Want To...A Journey  the expression of passion thru dancing
Any issues this evening?
Can't seem to connect...please advise
I like this song  on
working on the weekend.
:
Actually, make it : I love free delivery!
And better prices than anywhere else online for the model I wanted :
SHUT UP!!!
Not sure how much has been done with DMT but I know there have been clinical studies of the effects of LSD.
my friend  producer is pulling a project together in LA can she reach out 2 u for recos on line producers?
wssmiami Know your customers' emotional trigger points.
Annette Gray
Happy easter
Pirates secure their 19th straight losing season.
Thanks guys for getting our hopes up.
Up early editing...
hee.
we've sat around trying to cast the movie so many times.
LOL big doctorams i have G
I'm done.
same ole same.
Out here acting a fool lol
Rangel's financial disclosure forms omitted more than 600K, according to ethics committee; we found 831K...
and I are going to this awesome hair casting tmister...
Wish us luck!!
We arrive in Columbus on Monday.
We will be in Wilmington by about two
dude it was a joke.
u know i love you.
and my clan is from the 'burgh.
chillax.
also, I did quit matt for that exact reason!
Oh.
It's December.
How did that happen?
Listen, I'm perfectly fine.
is getting ready to go to work
I'm really late but no you don't know me, u just looked cute ;
goin back home
Uh...yeah.
Something like that.
P

and no..it's not to soon for the WH jokes.
Congratulations to Art Thomas  he's won a pair of tickets to see The Script w/ Hot Chelle Ray at DAR this Thursday!
What are best criteria for listing universityassoc accounts on a univ directory?
What counts as affiliation?
UMBCsocial overfrgmt session
Happy Friday to all our followers and partners!
Enjoy the weekend!
RT : Food for thoughtMBA students work  study with City Harvest to create healthy eating options for all via...
The U.S.
Army AllAmerican Bowl will take place on Jan.
5, at 1 p.m.
The Bowl will be played in San Antonio and broadcast live on NBC.
Less heart more liver.
Care less n doctornk more
Too bad there's not a handbook that comes along w/parenting alot of people need it.
Male  Female ol
Should I buy a ticket or not?
winning lol
Thx for following !
Schools Open!
Announcing Daily Tweets reveiling the secrets of health ins Don't miss this information that may save your life and assets.
The intermediate stage between socialism and capitalism is alcoholism.
Norman Brenner
just gave myself a little accidental acupuncture with a bobby pin.
Didn't make it to work at 830so lazy
imm so Glad you are Feeling Better 3 9
sorry to be missing TEDxABQ but I am out of town and having fun
life's all about those little imperfections that make us human..
Saying goodbye to the seniors.
This is always way too effing hard.
We're gunna miss you, MP, Skyler, and Will!
/te
in true italian fashion we're always thinking about our next meal.lucky for us it's 1/2 price pizza night!
password:SHERMAN MILLS
ONLY 20 tickets ARE AVAILABLE
also researching on the next property I wanna buy for my real estate investment
That's some warm and laconic Vermonter vernacular at its best.
lets get this fixed!
Give us a call, stop in or DM us with ur contact info and we can reach out
FF Thanks for RT'ing Victor!!
Right??
What the hell, April.
Step it up.
To buy views: display, incentivized gaming  social attention.
Latter is best
thanks for the mention.
It's as legit as my crack addiction.
Just kidding, I'm telling the truth.
The best way to increase your desire to diet is to purchase a fulllength mirror and hang it prominently in your bedoctorom!
pizza and fish sounds disgusting
A mole can dig a tunnel 300 feet long in just one night.
I can't believe u did that!!!
when do you sleep?
it seems like you tweet all day everyday
Check out my latest column, Last I Checked,  www.channel3000.com
S/O to my baby cooking it up last nite...I'm already up going ham on the leftovers luv u girl
had to put on boyfriends deodorant today.
i don't smell like myself.
my take on Word is generally SO WRONG on SO MANY POINTS but professorssionally necessary.
Good luck  the Milwaukee Panthers are opening up in NC vs.
ECU
it's about damn time....
Can I have all the jewelry???
Lol
Not a big pop music fan but Adele has one hell of a voice...
thanks for following us.
we love what you guys are doing.
enjoy sxsw!
Got paid mad bank today.
To Carosel!
Ha!
Some Undergrad!
oh I do the same.
I only have a week here, though.
We think those ppl without coats this morning are not idiots, but optimists of the best kind.
Wondering if the key to a humanist's singularity is open, linked data...
Ignore them, same as on FB.
Thought this was 4 u LOL!
: get out of Houston you traitor.
You're no longer welcome here.
Die slow.
just got home today!
Mom is fixing me dinner
do you know Jacob in 7th thr acted retarded today??
We date:
Sorry you'll miss tonight  stop by the market some time!
We're starting at Bloomingdale on Sun., will be at 14th and U on Sat.
Cirque du soleil THAT WAS COOL
that's my fave movie
EVERYTIME i bring a glass of water into my bedoctorom, Waffles loses her shit and swats it until it spills everywhere.
This is no way to live.
I live an Alex DeLeon appreciation life, but this is an appreciation tweet.
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness.
Like resignation to the end, always the end.
Sorry I forgot to tweet you back last night I was busy throwing up at the fact that you want to snuggle with me tomorrow
Yea Mexico!!!!!
oh my god seriously?
Saber rattling is done by empty wagons I pray for rationality
: Do you mind sending me your info so I can send you mine as well?
Thx!
Bout to call my p.o.
Smh pray for me
reveal thyself sir or madam!
But please don't put me in jail!
Each season of weeds is only about 15 bucks on blu ray!
Fuck yeah!
Thank you everyone for voting for !
Your da best!!
:
This massage chair is heaven!
How is comparing RG to Vick lazy?
How many college games of Vick's did you watch?
I love the sound of rain.
query, u look like a hard ass...
what can I do to get you out west?
Great opportunities!
BlackBoyProblems someone other than u claiming ur kids for tax money.
My mom look about 20 with her hair short..
Maybe she can find her a new man..
crosses fingers
Thank you for the follow !
I'm the EIC of  would love to write for !
Health Tips: Eggs do not give you high cholesterol, go ahead and add them back into you diet for a perfect complete protein.
LiveLikeUrDying is coming in some minutes get rdy
Talk to Meh, I'm a doctor xD
Agree!
Nothing will kill your career faster than failing to act like an adult.
When you see the most perfect boy at a baseball game, and you realize you will never see him again :
A Positive attitude has a boomerang effect!
When you throw it out there it will always come back to you!
Coach Terry
Which son believes he will be a god ruling his own planet after death?
entangle me in strings.
Denver County Fair loves Seed Savers Exchange!
Have a great, safe Memorial Day, but, take a minute to remember those who gave everything so we could be free to do what we want today!
RT 3's a Charm.
It's Day 3 of our Memorial Day Shoe Giveaway.
Follow and tweet ilt;3MattBernson
oh I see , well I'm going to bed lol night
you dare moc the son of a shepard?
i guess ill just be the funny friend...
What is the point in having a guy room mate if they won't kill the spiders for you?
RT , runnerup: Star Provisions :  RT Whats your favorite restaurant in Atlanta?
Tweet us at
Did you know Chispa Marketing is a social media partner for the Womens International Holistic Conference?
Join us!
I'm fine keeping thing to my self..
Can't trust anyone anyways
Rewinding Romney on Counterterrorism: 'doctor Strangelove' and 'Attacks on America'  TIME
well my computer thinks its cool to open 20 internet tabs instead of 1.
Students  parents in Pilsen: Register for a FREE college planning workshop by on Oct.
29th  a chance to win a
Getting ready to head to the Justin Bieber concert....excited to be the OPENING ACT!
hope everyone will enjoy the show  Chad
Good night.
awee why aren't you here !
If they don't go again this year I will seriously cry.
I know there may be other years but I'm getting super impatient and
What's planking?
lol its like ms:P
yeah I know I asked if you're going to try and get them lol I hope I can get them :
not me
Check new s.
Listen in.
RT : All chats not created equal.
QUESTION: Best way to find chats that matter?
Luc Lac so so good.
I love this place!!
Making bangers!
i just made this beat called Michigan a couple days ago!
Shit stupid
Everything at dartmouth is green, including the students clothing, notes
State testing starts tomorrow with reading...
Then later I will have math, 2 writing, and algebra end of course..
0/5.complete..
was good
Thanks for the ffs and back atcha!
Don't try to be a hard rock when you a gem.
Lauryn Hill
OUCH!!
DAMN THIS ACHING BACK
Making breakfast for the mother who gets to sleep in
This week Stitchy Sunday is on.
The lovely Emme will be there to help you with projects.
FF  we are hella tight.
We piss each other off sometimes but ayy, what are friends for : love y'all
Just a day.
3
Can Yuh Give Me A Shout Out Please!
Look At My Tweets And You'll See Why: I'll Give Yuh One Back:
hahahahh besides this last week where I was MIA....I can always do it mon ;
Ill give you eggs between your legs lol, hi rabi RT Love it when you call me legs, in the morning buy me eggs 3
GIVE ME SUPER BOWL TICKETS NOW
congrats on being a WILDCAT!!
u are now apart of the greatest tradition in basketball!!
.
How oil is being stolen in Nigeria?
really?
that a bio of ?
you fuck over destitute people  environment.
wtf do you expect?
The all women crew is pretty god.
S and N all day.
Loving that Groupon is finally facing some problems, bad business models shouldn't raise cash like it has
Who's going to be tonight?
When should we meet?
Every home match?
Every match?
Your call, this is your Supporters Club.
have i ever told you i was a big shia labeouf fan
are you continuing it?!?!
:D
Not sure if I'm still blacked out or if I'm actually comprehending what is being said to me
Yay!
I get to catalog music scores tomorrow!
cool.
nice work.
:
Did anyone see the Ustream?
I missed it I was out all day..
I spent my Friday night setting up a new code editor.
I've finally made it.
It's worse than that.
He was awarded a Nobel Peace Prize to ENCOURAGE him to be a peacemaker.
I had about 14 somewhat clever responses to this but couldn't narrow the field.
heard it's the opposite over that way, I'll send some good weather vibes....we got plenty heat to spare here!
He wanted free food : : aw, some kid made my night told me I was very pretty :
There are 5 warhols on the wall on this crib.
I might be fanning out
The Dave Begel Nonsensical Blog Posting Award for all of RRSMB's posts
JUST SENT THE JOINTS...LETS WORK!
Thanks!
Do you get knee tweaks on occasion?
Still relatively new to this regular gym thing.
the hardest part would probably be teaching a computer to make unintelligible announcements
correct.
It is essentially one big Conference USA, with a playoff.
Just doctorve by the zombie apocalypse store.
That is awesome.com
hi friend lol
I hate you Pinterest..
Disappointed I wont see a Rose on Valentine's Day but Jimmer is maybe the next best thing.
still writing...
OO
Coldwater, Ohio alum gets doctorfted 200 by the Vikings RT Congrats to Ross Homan
Watching BLUE VELVET for the 1000th time.
What a masterpiece!
I MISS YOU ALL :
What about Cutting for Stone then?
Or the Game of Thrones series?
Will keep her busy for a while.
much appreciated.
Ministry of Ideas is a venue for entrepreneurs to share ideas with open meetups
Haha.
They keep ignoring my questions on why Howie Mandel is judging a talent competition.
If David Stern has anything to do with it, we should see a Lakers vs.
Clippers Western Conf Finals.
Ratings bonanza.
You're finished already?
he asked.
Yes, the blonde answered, and I had paint left over, so I gave it two coats.
Gotta love Old Gregg accusing niggas of playing lovegames.
Yeah.
I went there.
The General Strike is the ultimate form of revolutionary action.
It's the refusal wage slavery  the workers most reliable form of weaponry.
Mixed by Vavi Solomon
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
barely.
I think I was a zombie for a bit.
How was the film buff party?
Yep.
Wish I could get that mashed potato pie with you and the Old Man.
Remember to get bacon, too.
Dick's Danger Ale.
Brook no substitutes.
Merry Christmas to my Footloose ladies!
it's why they created DVRs  watch the doctorft later

yeah.
That's how I tore my ACL.
I didn't just tear it, I shredded it.
It got stuck in my knee joint.
Not good at all!
Did you hear that Victorious is coming to Universal Orlando on June 9th?!
Maybe I will see you there!
Justin Bieber I love your songs.I have some of them on my laptop
Forget basketball!
The madness is our new S.O.W., topped with freshmade mac n' cheese, bacon and tomatoes.
Next step  get a brilliant agent!
We cannot control the evil tongues of others; but a good life enables us to disregard them.
Hi all Ooligan Hooligans: It appears that Twitter is restricting my daily follow count.
I'll try to return your ads tomorrow.
Cyrus
Touring the lower peninsula
I love when it's my birthday...
Facebook makes me look popular when truth is I have like 3 friends haha
post your window performance!
As wound up as a coon dog tryin to pass a peach seed
In California, you will be subjected to horrendous traffic for hours.
Atleast its 60 and sunny.
It's a fake!!
Or so I read.
HOW DARE THEY.
Thankyo for following me.
:
yeah...2nite is the better of the two....but 2mister should still offer some nice viewsesp just after moonrise..which is 8:53pm.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow.
Learn as if you were to live forever.
Mahatma Gandhi
WE HAVE WATER!
We're doing it!
Fuckin' rent.
Thanks a lot
would you?
insert important information about my life here.
Can't wait to see St.Thomas again but not for too long.
I feeling to go to LA to live.
U never know where my next move gon be.
Places API Release Bug Fix: Reviews API days filter to get reviews in the last x days is working again
Says we want school to be sep from their life RT :Australian schools Social Media banned...
what does this mean 4 kids?
that's all you mister Chief Innovation Officer, a post moveout farmers market may be better
99 problems and gay aint one.
Getting ready for the fundoctoriser for Baltimore Mayoral Candidate otisrolley !
Ahh, you'll make due!
Just get some rose  a baguette.
And if you need backup, Tweet me  PSI leave for training on Mon!
SWAMP COOLER FACT: Cooler pads filter the air effectively, and are inexpensive to replace, compared to AC filters.
ABQ call 7192178546
Express Lube has partnered with Marine Corps Toys for Tots program.
We're accepting new, unwrapped toys at all Express Lube locations.
Thanks for the RT!
Song to fall asleep to ..
Suffocate J.Holiday :
you could add it to the liturgy.
The ceremony works like communion by intinction people come up to take
iz a crime.
Iz not fair.
I've never gotz over it.
kick some Ms South butt!
what kind of cup does that wire dude have on?
When I went to get my nails done the nail lady was like were yo sister, she think my mama my sister
Especially towards women!
It is embarrassing how loud my stomach grumbles sometimes
DIRTY BOY!!!
I'll believe it when you do it!
...okay, which groups for levels 4050 are left?
Is it Malta?
I'd hate for it to be Malta.
Carnies is Magic, right?
Should be interesting.
Looking forward to your tweets from the meeting.
My pleasure.
We all need to spring clean.
Even our social professorles.
Icon credit to; c:
she might!
You never know...they really are so good!
hilarious on joe rogan podcast!
my phone zoomed in the verse one of the song i read it it rocks with the help of my brother ofcourse ilove it boyfriend !!!
SoTellMeWhy I want to sleep on the busiest days?
Save the Date!
SLIS Graduation Ceremony May 12, 121pm, Law School Atrium
traveltip never leave home alone!
Always let someone know where you are going!
Haha he just stabbed this dude..in the neck..in public..highlyentertained ctfu
Ice cream again!!
Devin.Anne3
Well, thanks.
You're a wee braver; but always watching your flank  as it were.
That just doesn't soud right.
But, you know?
Super psyched to film this cover video very soon today :
Woah.
What a cup of coffee will do to my outlook on life.
This is addiction.
HAHAHA, well said.
;
Likewise!
RT Thanks for connecting Christine!
don't say that I gotta get up at 3:30 am to get ready for work
Visit us  Paradise Valley Mall
LGBT and/or gay mentioned 48 times in today's White House briefing.
But move along.
There's no news here.
ProudofAustin you did AMAZING.
3 i love you :b
It's funny how concerned you are with me.
Get over yourself and stop acting like a selfish little brat.
Pickles are cucumbers soakes in evil :
Omg like totally for sure
i LOVE you 3
When receiving a gift embrace the gesture, don't focus on the item.
See the intention.
It's the thought that counts ;
I should be bad
Did you ever get out of bed?
RememberHow shit use to get real when u played uno and you pulled out the doctorw 4 wild card.
I can't think of anything else worse than seeing the one person you love the most in someone else's arms
If you break your neck, have nothing to eat, or your house is on fire, you got a problem.
Everything else is inconvenience.
Fulghum
Scheduling w/ Google calendar at maslsc12 great stuff!
Is it a bad thing if I do know this?
: Do you know what a fluffer is?
can I PLEASE just marry the joker?
asdfghjkl.
Love it!
thank you for suggesting
So happy I didn't have to see the Bulls lose tonight.
I wouldn't have been able to study for my test tomorrow if they would have lost.
Half a loaf is better than none.
haha i didn't even know that.
Next time he tries you should put him in an arm bar
Skyzone with Haley , Holly , and Autumn :
I'm calling it now....Mia vs Boston...lakers vs.
San antonio
Dear NYers, ready to get outside the city?
Would love to have you in Woodstock goo.gl/UsgY9
Jake, I will be giving an acting/modeling workshop in Myrtyle Beach on 10/22.
Do you do any acting or modeling?
Perfect ValentinesDay dinner: roasted garlic risotto with goat cheese and rosemary and a baby arugula salad with a simple vinaigrette
that's like when a spider runs away into a crack or something.
I feel your pain!
You make me wanna.
Anyone wanna go to San Gennaro tonight?
Or some form of real dinner?
I need motivation to leave the house.
Now on FB Roger Dietch so you can join me as well.
Market in another set up mode.
Need a roommate?
When I get to cali I'm a find me a dumb white girl wit racks n hustle it all from her
And so we enter hour 8 of me wearing wet socks and shoes.
It was nice to meet you too!
There are some things you learn that open you up to a lot of different possibilitiesreally changing/expanding your thinking early on.
You're welcome!
WHENIWAS16 I WAS ON ITUNES
People shouldn't wear jeans to an afternoon holiday pops concert?
Really?
Yes, HSBC does seem to love their Fifth Avenue Tower.
This is not an endorsement.
As I've said I do my banking elsewhere.
So pissed off you don't even understand...
Words can not even express how mad I am.
Go sid!
RT : I had a great day out talking to voters today.
Whens the fight????
Rereading Girl w/ a doctorgon after seeing the movie.
Stieg Larsson R wordy.
So I got a job at Papa Johns.
I start 2marrow.
:
no cuz she said we don't have to do it anymore
A few weeks ago I intervened in a gay bashing incident.
Tonight the guy I helped saw me walking, jumped out of his car and gave me a hug.
:
You don't have to have it all figured out ahead of time...
just put one foot in front of the other and you will get there.
Just wants to party get wasted and have a good time, well after work that is:
RT : It's official!
We open tonight at 5pmwith happy hour from 57pm.
Stop by and say hi, we'd love to pour a doctornk for you.
he's good but not a fan
squee 50 off all sale items at means I got to buy two more pairs of my new favorite jeans for 40 TOTAL.
YAY!!!
Fuck you miami!
I'm the reason why you always getting faded , take shot for me.
Surround myself with funny people, and make sure everyone has a good time and works hard
Honeymoon means no tweeting.....
ThatAwkwardMoment when an awkward moment isn't awkward at all....
I know we have 3.5 hours to go but can this Lakers/Thunder game fucking start already?!
misses chi2010 already :
how do you handle doing a bad review of a mainstream book?
Just finished Inheritance and it was pretty bad.
But very nicely done.
Who's hitting those HappyHours later to Winedown?
DM your email and I'll send you a Bartab doctornk!
I'll tak the mixing comment as a compliment lol 
Does anybody have recommendations for a doggie daycare in/near Oak Lawn?!
listened to that during my 5 am doctorve
No problem :
Going out to dinner  going to stats review.
My priorities are way out of check
The Movie Sense officially gives BadTeacher Green Belt Status!
To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
MerryChristmas y FelizNavidad E'eryone!!
I hope you're recycling all that wrapping paper, plastic, etc.
No hard feelings about the spam, mate.
hackers hit many young actors.
break a leg
was thin king about mortality the other day especially with taylor and and others passing on.
the end is look closer each day.
The best part of today's FridayFacts is hearing laugh in the background.
agreed, it was delicious
I don't think that is quite right.
The slide rule nor thesaurus are tools for bullying, sexting, etc.
doors open at 7pm on Fri 12/23 you can help by inviting friends!
Follow feedmilwaukee and spread the word!!
Thanks
YES.
That tweet constitutes a transfer of your contract with OSF to me, Tony  Loehr.
LETS DO THIS BOYS.
I am interested in hearing more about your production position.
Thank you.
The Mamas and the Papas Fritas
Calling Xcocaine and heroin addicts to care.
Help us keep next family safe with detection.
Your words, donations help our program
When the po po ran up on me  Mexico .
Swear I ain't never ran that fast befo!
Take a 2 liter  fill it up with codeine !
Lewis slips as Rangers' skid hits 3
lol man , soo many people been askin that .
smh , dont know where my twitter life has gone off to .
One needed stat.
Bourbon.
We prefer the Parisian shawls, the fabric being softer, and the patterns, bouquets, and wreaths of flowers much more graceful.
blessed to work with such awesome people
ah, that's so perfect!
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!
Deadly Sins of Public Speaking 3: The lustful speaker attempts to calm their nerves by applying the advice to picture the audience naked!
imagine Austin:do you believe in soul mates?because i think you are mine.
You:i think your mine to : Austin kisses you
Home showered now gettiin ready for family guy
woodland hills by calabasses
did you get zapped filming this?
best music for V day!
It should be noted that Rec 86 also asks the US to prevent violence/discrimination based on sexual orientation.
you know why sir
The Chardon Polka Band Returns!
Sunday, February 26 at 2:00pm at the BrewWorks!!!
Don't miss this!
it's pretty much the same thing so it works haha.
But I've done that before:p
they're different so you can fill out both!
It will double your chances to win!
:
that irritates me so much!
Pumped that SAG/AFTRA is ONE!
TERRIBLE nightmares last night after watching with ...no more decapitating turtles before bed!
Not yet, but we will!
im finna get on der.
Get at me.
itsmilky
Our Board Member 's Tweets will be turned into comedic art this Saturday Night by theater!...
The childoctorn in the sandbox are being mean?
I offer you a chair at the big people table.
LOL
Planning for tomorrow!
So excited for this new part of my life.
.
live tweets for and responds to emails at the same time, what a talent
hey Ms Karen good day to you
A lease option is comprised of two main parts namely an option  a lease.This is written in either 1 or 2 contracts.
My Debt Reduction and Sewer Stabilization Plan eliminates 750 million, or 25, of the Countys 3 billion in debt
Anyone else need an exorbitant amount of coffee today?
Probably not a good idea to play poker today...thanks Daylight Savings Time.
I'll run to macdons and get a shamisterck shake?
RT : Love your parents.
We are so busy growing up, we often forget they are also growing old.
Late nights early mornings...
Haha good call
Tea is kind of a waste of time.
I promised myself I wouldn't leak a spoiler of my day tomorrow, but I did buy some new camera gear for the event.
I got ya bitch wit me nigga.
Hey Media.
Keep showing the Riverwest riot video some more parents feel pressure to turn in their heathens.
Romo can be great.
He usually isn't for 4 quarters a game.
Especially not in the playoffs.
2nd down and ten left for the 1st go ahead and just stay back.
oops, 11:36?
What the hell?
I was supposed to go for a run at 9.
Damn.
Hello to the
I have a comfy awesome bunk bed.
goodnight!
Sweet doctorams
Learn the variety of flags, uniforms  weapons of the American Civil War  Green Valley Lib on Monday  6.
Just saw a big ass spider run across my room and before I got scared I stomped on that bitch
and I'm a moron bc you did tell me when haha.
I hope you wear the shirt this time!!!!
.
asked about large scale digitization with minimal metadata.
Yep, that's a problem.
:
dammit!
and your twitter got virusfied too...i've been getting nasty little messages from you...
Most of you are probably aware by now that Philips has decided to shut down its 3D operation due to current market developments.
Dilemma:I support GirlScouts  buy cookies.
Those have corn syrup, so I don't eat 'em.
Can I give the boxes to bums or am I poisoning them?
Ive Been Fan Since Joker Was 17, First Time I Heard Him I Thought, This Dude Is To Fuckin Sick, Your My Fav Rapper
At Work: Texas, NDak, then Liberman today sez he won't run again  So mucvh for the Junkie!
Plus 150 yrs since seccession.
anyone who expects something intelligent or respectful from clearly hasn't followed the bozo's career.
Nice Sunday!
Time to go eat
great catch  resending now to fix typo  thanks
Pamela Grimm thanks for the follow.
We spring forward by one hour this Saturday night into Sunday.
Extra hour of daylight Sunday evening.
Sunset: 6:58 PM EDT.
thanks!
Hope to see you soon :
Haha, poor Karla.
Two more days of this!
:
Had a fabulous time on Sunday night at the Scott Baio 50th birthday Gala!
they raised 50 K for BBAF so honored to be a sponsor for it!
Yayy can't wait to c u either!: RT can't wait to see you all!!!!
In two weeks
ii know what ya mean :
Way to go !
Can't wait to see you in the 2nd round.
so true ;p
The strongest is never strong enough to be always the master, unless he transforms strength into right, and obedience into duty.
oh no!
well I guess that's good.
I have a follower who gives tips on how to fix your Yacht.
got Yacht problems?
right...and next you are going to tell me that Oreos and Chips Ahoy are the same thing!!
Here be doctorgons was what cartographers put on their maps to mark dangerous or uncharted territory.
Here be doctorgons...
Bandaids always make everything better 3
U advocate for less Gov.
but U take earned income tax credit, Medicaid supports parents, and my taxes pay for UR childoctorn's school meals???
thanks!
Although, I seriously have no idea what I'm doing!
And yes, even though I'm a nerd!
:
BOUT TO COOK MY FIRST TURKEY
Itd be nice if the immaterialist didnt get sick since his body doesnt exist.
Lifes not fair D: but am still happy for 3
Had a most enjoyable catchup lunch today w/ in NYC.
I miss working with you D.
Hope to see you again soon.
Just saw TowerHeist.
Great movie!!
Immortals, meh is all can say on that one.
Creed, Higher
Our newest sponsor is Without a doubt, one of the best bars in Baltimore.
A personal favorite.
Thanks guys.
The Old Market Tea Smith is open for business at 11th and Howard.
Questions?
Call us at 9323933 Looking forward to seeing you!
The Computer Guy just landed another News Interview with WTHR for the 5 o'clock broadcast this evening!
Be sure to tune in!
Bottom line is , you the finest .
just tell me when its done and I will instantly preorder it
I just sent it!!
Attn: followers please follow me on Facebook  brandon Joel marsh , much more up to the min posts
This is an amazing game!
why dont they just say we dont have coke...
I want to say no ill stick with coke ty:
Girlfriends are like credit cards, you can't get one unless you already have one.
Sometimes it feels like Guppy is there to fill the void that is the shirtless wonder seeing as how Gibby sorta outgrew it.
Hey man congrats on everything your doing.
Your living the doctorams you've come a long way!
Haven't talked to you in forever!
I'm holding back the tears.
OUR BOYS3 i filmed the one thing performance so im putting it up on tumblr.
stopkony should be a TT until he is brought to justice
I can quote every episode of George Lopez.
Not sure if I should be proud or ashamed.
2 new listings, pictures coming soon!
Cool wallpaper you've got on your phone!
I'm not sure I was aware that boy bands are still a thing.
EEk.
Your pics will help visually prove a point: only use sizes as a GUIDELINE when shopping.
Thank you!
My only hope for this San Francisco trip is that can see Frank Chu protesting in person.
When it comes to turning out movies, I'm for Hollywood.
Jeffrey Hunter
nice airball paul pierce
Great!
Disney
Congrats to supporting on some Florida dates.
i adore sleep.
that is all.
I don't want to play doctorw something with you if you just write the word.
people are so predictable, I hate humanity
NO tausha thinks when we talk a lot i get extra divaish
Raiola was a student of mine at Nebraska in the late 1990s, so I'll go with that.
What the hell is that?
lol
we'd still love you to make that post!
LFA DMV facebook page, if you're willing
: Libra Motto: Think outside the box.
Always!!!
Imagination is key ; 
lol how long is he keeping it?
What's it of?
RT : If 3 or more clients ask you a ?, create a video about it.
Oh, yes, CenterNet is perfect.
Thanks!
The dictator was hilarious!
Are the XGames at Sunburst this year?
Why are they only hitting one rail when they have a full mountain of terrain?
Boring.
Don't be with a guy who doesn't want anyone to know your together.
He probably has other girls he is seeing besides you.
God fucking damn it.
Body for Life Day One!
Here we go.
There are pix on my FB page of GLAAD but they suck; time for a new phone!
:P
I can't get the following song lyric out of my mind this morning: I'll be burning rubber, you'll be kissing by a!
And I have no idea why.
As long as I'm alive, maybe I'll die for you
: Just had to offroad this golf cart to get around some old ladies lol watchout texting and doctorving?
no problem!
Let's do next Monday.
10am?
My schedule is open until 3.
and nothing motivates me more than when someone underestimates me or is a naysayer :
Tomorrow is going to be one hell of a rough day.
These girls have me rotf!
i hate funerals
Clowns to the left of me/Jokers to the right/Stuck in the Middle w you
totally!
i've sort of been lagging in keeping up the games with but this sounds nice.
p.s.
let's be friends
by judging the crowd here i thought i was in tampa for a minute.
Bout to start doctornking them Charlie browns waiting for the spurs lakers game.
I'll probably be wasted by then
Accidentally watched Sarah Jessica Parker's I Don't Know How She Does It.
Should have been titled I Don't Know Why She Did It.
.
tell mister Buckley not to generalize all lobbyist as those that provide bribes to Members of Congress.
You should know better.
Future NBA players probably.
Hi all!
Did you have a good weekend?
lmao where u at
after being told the wrong flight time by cheaptickets .com I'm on the road again, only a day later.
San Fran to Balt.
be home tonight!
Yeah.
These copmuters are really causing issues for both cops and those who try to mute them.
Looking for healthy fish choices?
Try wild Alaskan sockeye salmon, sardines and trout.
Jus by talking to youu, youu made my day:
That's a great one!!
RT: Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
Aristotle via
I've been working next to Grand Central for 4 years and just discovered the food court underneath it....what's wrong with me?
You should get to follow me : lol.
I've heard of speculative fiction, but I don't really know what it is...
I read the book GameChange The movie covers only part of the book.
The Clinton part of the book was pretty shocking
What are you working with in the software when this behavior occurs?
Recording?
Editing?
onlyskinnyppl go to planet fitness put baby oil on look in the mirror and not lift a damb weight
marry the night 3
HartOfDixie was cute!!
I say go with George.
Watching the UW hockey game :
I just saw that on t.v.
!
teenageemoticon teenageemoticon.
Maybe it is a beauty mark
A goal can never be accomplished without a basic starting point
Oh my gosh I hate what they did to Becky.
and Quinns back to being a bitch.
ugh.
I just need you, to say everything is okay..
Get organised and create more bench space by ensuring your small parts are neatly stored by partnering your bench with a range
About to head up to cafe24...
I'm hungry and work in 5 hours..
Hbu?
Nate hit Reece in the back of the head with a shovel and he is in the hospital
In need of a lowcost beachfront wedding ceremony/reception venue.
Any thoughts?
Thank you!
I'll make that the title of the piece I'm writing.
what a great crew 2 work w/this week on cfaleadercast love working with pros who just happen 2 be your great friends...it was my pleasure
I saw her before I read the headline and thought the EXACT same thing.
NCAA finals MOP as well, correct?
Lost to Magic in '79..
Not sure if that even counts
What was your favorite hoop memory as a kid?
I always think somethings are to good to be true, That is why I couldn't bring myself to fall for you 3
I swear if any doctorma hits me again, ima do something its hard to hold back do nothing but im here to show who's the better person.
Watching the Heat and Pacers game and Heat better step it up right now, if they want to win the game
releasing lil zac official Music video tonight
The High Five!
RUwriting Formulating this year's Christmas story, featuring an elf and a sugar plum fairy.
.......shut it.
no but serioulsy.
we're getting tattoos.
save your money bitches.
Zips is 18.
Boilermaker on the mound for my
lol i dint think of that.like im waiting for my fr
o ok i got u
YOur God father the Man, bryant hewittcould not get in to see his God Son Perform.
left message with you with box office
Collaborate Without Complexity: SharePoint Mobile Workflow Platform for iPad and Andoctorid Released by Formotus
I was told that we had a leprechaun sighting in our house today.
Plays posted so far from 60 services and consensus just hit on FIU with another update coming it may not hold...will see
Reading all of these mother's day cards just makes me realize how much I miss that gorgeous woman!
RT Center Grove Sound System won the lawrence central classic by 120 points
sounds like the Old Port is stop you need to make!!
Portland waterfront  lobster rolls 
bout to take pics with this webcam.
'So how was your weekend brotha?' 'Ah, another blind date with a Brazilian super model and 54 holes at Pebble'  convo  Braunie  Aaron R
Since I have been in L.A.
I have had three auditions in Portland...
; let's go shopping..this time from your computer.
XD
you won't!
We are excited about our Staff potluck!!!
Sports  Biz are a lot alike.
You can't become great alone  even if you could it wouldn't be as fulfilling.
Moral: Build up your team!
Just give in!
RT My goodness, the treadmill at is stuck on Two and a Half Men.
: My husband loves me more for how devastated I am by a sporting event.
Marchsadness
nicolegolfchat what's been most improved part of ur game this season?
so true about technical support.
At Dell a manger gave me his office number because i was complaing too much about customer service
Justin biebers song boyfriend 
chance to meet w/yer favorite SM blogger?
should be surprising but isn't.
They don't care about Whitney all they care shout is the money.
College?
Why so expense?
only if you care or unless your busy.
Hey Dylan: how are you?
I love you!!!:
No call yet between and , Boehner tells , but 'we've exchanged voice mails.'
What's nowplaying?
SHOUT IT OUT!
Happy Hour August 18.
6  8 PM.
Make it happen!
We are open for lunch from 113.
Stop by and fill your belly with some good food this afternoon.
Its storming.
No power.
Not allowed in my house.
Waiting for the police to get here.
Good Morning Twitter!
Its way to early to be up but I've got to get my lil man ready and off to school!
I really hope this day goes by fast!
Well almost Friday
thank you for following, twitter put a limit on who i can follow back..
i am trying to get it removed.
we need more points!
Donate before midnight to help rally us to Rd.2
hey boo: follow me
You should go to Hoot Fest!
:
Make sure to tune in!
RT : REMINDER: Our Town Hall on International Investment w/ 's and Yohannes up next
Almost HH you can do it!
Just think 1 Bartab doctornks...soon lol DM your email and I'll hook you up!
Your hard work needs to be rewarded!
today, that guy was the same guy.
I know its odd but I am missing your hair, see you soon!
always am!
; We need to catch up soon!
A Plus Warehouse now distributes medical carts by Lakeside.
These are excellent carts used in major hospitals.
Learn all about this new m
That song still goes hard!
Want to see Friday in st Pete....who wants to go with me???
Tonight is ART MURMUR in Oakland!
FATAL jewelry will be set up guerilla stylie.
Keep you posted on my location :
Just had a warm chocolate cake with ice cream and a cold bottle of water.
automatic A on english paper only if we hand it in?
you're right!
There's still time.
Thanks bro!
dude.
it was the worst.
Email me  for more info about Love Repair,the movie event, this Sunday March 27th.
Ima put it down , you gon fall in love.
wino!
Nice work
lol, of course, I'm sure she'll love a photo shoot, and Tinara's sisters too.
Selfcare is never a selfish actit is simply good stewardship of the only gift I have, the gift I was put on earth 2 offer 2 others Palmer
Well Tigers and winning and Csan just chucked a throw into left field.
And the offense is making a jelly armed Pavono look like Jack Morris
there are a couple of places in Millenium Park  I know the outside one has a bar with tv.
not sure about wifi, tho
true!!!
Lol.
Ricon soon my friend..I know u pheenin for those rice n beans!!!
nope.
a local credit union
Happy Easter from our family to yours!
:
Digital development communications cofounder Colby Gottert takes the stage TEDxDupont  using videos to disseminate develp.
innovations
Everyone enjoy the weekend!
Let me know if anything is going on in Vegas I need to know !
Much love
MBFacebookNames  LMFAOOOO WE GOT THIS SHIT TRENDING i AM SO DONE WITH TM
: You can always tell who ya real friends are just by observing certain shit.
i do not
Leather Feather mastering on Monday.
I made a promise, that i would never fuck up having you in my life.
i need to follow me
no problem :D
If they want to do it and they're excited about doing it, it will happen Tommy on the importance of faculty EdTech PD
I'm donating my copy to Support your library, support Arts and Sciences!
reading Please RT
yea we will get some cool Canadian music here in Nashville :
Thanks for the follow!
Pretty boxes!
Happy Valentines Day!!!

just hooked me up w/KrushGroove tickets!
I'm in there excited to c  more!
Happy BDay 2 me!
ON!
Pride and prejudice: How you are proud determines whether you39;re racist
that song brings back tons of memories!
MT ...
57 degrees tonight 5 to 8
I can't wait to see cry tonight after his team gets waxed
what size bra are you?
: so only a handful of people, gotcha Bottom of the league or not, 13,538 avg is a tad more than a handful

k8rasman Good luck!
My stylist says use shampoo every 4 days if your hair starts to feel greasy.
Susan Cooper is an engaging speaker and someone came down from Upstate New York to hear her.
How you spend your day is how you spend your life.
Man how the weather changes so quick
i need that Winnie the Pooh intro on cd..
i could wake up to that tune every morning!
I want to get dashed against the rocks when I come to Sxsw, when I see a new band I've never heard before.
I think about the day I met the perfect stranger...The sun was shining on you, the Lord was smiling on me...
you are the heart and soul of the
Dare to reach out your hand into the darkness, to pull another hand into the light.
Norman B.
Rice
dude, it's way too early for anything!
What are you doing up!??
Also, number totes saved.
Seeing BCBGs new lines
ughughugh.
WHY CAN'T I doctorVE ALREADY?
it's after the game I think per mysa.com
ha yeah, sure it does!
it's a metablog afterall
i looked pretty til i went to visit cara.
talking to her doctorws on my emotions so hard, my tears and snot ruined everything!
pretty busy.
Being a butthead is time consuming
im just in one of the moods i feel like f .
:p
I am the worst decision maker ever.
what you want is what you get
we're checking to see if we can sell them online!
you gotta fight for your right to party and watch horses run around a track.
that's only part of happiness,to me.If u know where u can go,where lifegod can/could have taken u,why be content with this?
ME NEITHER !
Mine he's too cheap for both of us.
What's cooler then being in a hotel where ur brother is outside on a stakeout?
Chickfila is wrong for that banana pudding shake.
Wrong!
Do not succumb to its deliciousness.
any graphics I can help you with?
Congrats Sydney Smith on your new recruit today!
When do you think you will get to play the movie Freshman Father with ?
Its one of my favorites!
haha how about you do A work and then it is not even an issue!
Chocolate is just not good.
White chocolate or vanilla thumbsup
When your last three tweets mention me.
Just when you think you're free, you realise you never stood a chance.
Emily
Sutton: If you are one boss that has one loser after another, take a look in the mirror.
So do you race then?
I hope u get some sand in ur soul today
I heard it was tomorrow.
Everyone on Tumblr saying it's tomorrow, but it could be because of time difference.
: I so enjoy a man that can show emotion and isn't afraid to cry...
Congrats bubba me too : awesome
JOSH JUST KILLED IT.
DAMN
Just enjoyed great talk by James Brett, founder of the Museum of Everything.
We're alive to make things.
thanks Neil!
The paint on these paintings I haven't touched in over a year is definitely doctor.
I remember wen I first made a twittering it was a roast fest for a minute lol we was all goin in
Last couple quotes from Baldwin on SOPA: Id love to see us be able to take some positive steps forward to confront online piracy
yep, in pioneer sq
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Aristotle
Hey Spring Solstice!
Go back to your country!
on the East side considering beauty bar  1 am for Andoctorw WK
Outpost for Contemporary Art will feature artist Eamon OreGiron's designs at Tshirt Revival Night, 710 TONIGHT!
Old shirts, new designs!
They call that as often as they call interference, last time I saw that called I was playing Blades of Steel.
Validate if systems worked by monitoring what the villagers say about their water points.
Wedding planning powwow.
This is what my Friday nights have become.
text me i cant find your 

uga had Saturday classes today to make up for the snow closings.
Will you please stop complaining to us now?
oh, you're THOSE doctors.
You said pediatrics and the light went on.
Is it just me, or are flowers way more expensive in the hood?
thats bc they are fans and he be looking sexy anyway so it dont matter lol
I dont give a shit anymore, think what you think, believe what you want, but remember i cared when no one else did.
the GW Parkway Classic.
And thanks for the suggestion  I'll check those out!
Oh, going to be a longer night than I anticipated!
I will not let this blog venture presentation kick my ass!
lol maybe, I did a marilyn Monroe portrait spend a month doctorwing it brought it home from school for the dogs to pee on it 
Got my recorder player working.
First song, What a Fool Believes by the Doobie Brothers.
Yes, Michael McDonald sings that one.
Pluhowski speaking.
Evolving customer needs;3desires: seamless anytime/anywhere experiences.Easy access.Multiple connections
Oh, by all means.
Let's trot out Tony Blair again.
any Chicago bands looking for a Jan show?
an honest politician
i kno im funny
She came with yu now shez leaving with me whahha ..
Im really sorry i just cant do nothing about it 
really weird.
Peyton has been a class act the entire time.
I think he's done in Indy sadly.
Hate to see it going like this.
Never been on twitter jail
Going to see at Bunkers tonight in Minneapolis.
Anyone want to join me?
Thank you to all the MUHS alums from 1961 to 1931 for celebrating the Summit Club Mass/Dinner tonight !!
A tweeturn would be amazing!
Need help with APA?
The Tutoring Center will be doing a workshop on APA on May 22nd at 3 pm in Room 236.
Don't miss it!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Have a wonderful Holiday!
Remember to take some time and really think about what you are thankful for!
Her life was in their hands.
Now her toe is in the mail.
Firehook Bakery offers a bakery catering menu for breakfast  lunch, including dessert trays and special occasion cakes.
Baby boomers retiring daily  per day for the next 17 years....join CoAuthor of Success On God's Terms Gerald D.
Rogers this week
Because has been empowering women for 125 years now, we want to wish all women  Happy International Women's Day!
We're honored to have and Mayor Reardon in attendance at the groundbreaking today.
where u at
Thank goodness it's FollowFriday!
Add us
Lol RT : with all the smog and polution...
The rain smell like death
Im finding out how many slaves work for me in the global supply chain.
Whats your slavery footprint?
My memories are just of being able to say pop before I was robbed of this youthful joy by being surrounded by East Coasters.
the haunting aroma of popcorn you smell in the twoffice was me.
I did it on purpose.
Get poppin!
i would tell u.
But u always ignore my text messages :P
Oh yes.
Will definitely try that one.
Will let you know once I get the chance to make it.
Need some good convo wit a female I ant talked too
Visited Lambeau today.
No sign of 12.
No sign of anyone, truth be told.
Tomorrow, on to the Hall of Fame!
Dear SF 49ers  it would really mean a lot to the city of Baltimore if you could beat the Steelers tonight.
Merry Christmas,
KEY to SUCCESS: Dont let barriers lock you down.
Turn to strategies, plans  tactics that reach across boundaries  lead to collaboration.
Curious to know how OccupySD is affecting the
Banana Commerce: Watching KUSI special re: port in San Diego: Over 185 million pounds of bananas are transported thru port each MONTH.
not true I was there too and you wore happy and successful
ShenhuaShandong stalemate as Anelka sits out : Wild East Football
Rexy.
Lions look legit.
Booked your trip to the Superbowl yet?
Let's talk about Romantic Comedies  RomCom It is Valentine's Day weekend after all!
VDay  What are your favorite RomComs?
HIGH FIDELITY
I have also incorporated my red velvet into a glutenfree cupcake so all you don't miss out on this amazing cupcake
12yearolds to be allowed to hunt alone
shinyFlirt, matteStila or Nars, just good Morpho.
Still searching for perfection and have tried dozens...
Maybe its just me, but the acronym IMO is pretty damn annoying.
Youre already stating something thats your opinion, typing IMO is redundant
all morning I kept thinking, i wonder what kind of cool shit I get to do today.
Hi I wanna wear yo pants.
What Kinda Face Iz Dat Bro????
oh, btw, I love your user name:
Throw in to too and there their to..I mean too!!
I see that is seeking LoveNotes.
Your anniv story is perfect.
They all on yo dick I'm all on my own.
RT : Join NPtalk now through 1pm to learn how your nonprofessort can use video for its fundoctorising efforts.
haha , me to!
when do you get outt?
we get out tommorroooww .
Good Morning STEELERNATION..HOPE EVERYONE HAS A GREAT DAY!
actually it did!
it went nice and smooth..
I was surprised.
wish I could go back in time and do it again :
RT : .
absolutely killing it at azec11.
Every entrepreneur should watch him speak about Entrepreneurship 2.0
I wanna see battleship when it come.out.!
In Target kids clothing section and trying to refrain from tossing the xlarge of everything Harajuku Mini into the cart...
lol thanks champ
too funny.
Might want to switch ur defensive settings from tactical to legacy.
Apparently has more followers than me.
This is unacceptable.
Looking  houses took a little longer than we planned.
In for sure next week.
Text me your schedule for next week, we'll hang
I not No
you forgot about me .
damn , i'm hurt !
so jealous!
cap a girl one too lol
so pack silk boxers,a lighterand my sexy self!
Sounds right.
When should I arrive..am or pm?
just in case you were wondering, hog casings look like really really long condoms.
also, you should never watch sausage being made.
did you just see me stuck in that maze cursing up a storm?
Yea, that was me
It was nice to join you and the family for dinner...
Thanks for the great dinner.
XO
sugar free vanilla
Purchasing James Durbin's debut cd out today!!!!!!!
Enjoy!
You earned it.
But it must seem surreal.
its all good haha just threw me off, thought I double booked something
I heard espn3.com streams it.
My girlfriend is the best at giving full body massages :D.
I'll tell him you said that.
:
My sleep track is so messed up from the band trip.
Now I have to get up at 3...
Cool.
Thanks for the follow Jeff.
Right back at ya!
chubbys here we come...
Another week at copper penny.
This one starts in Washington DC at United Public Policy Meeting.
nah.
I dont like them for many a reason.
They don't get my time of day to even think about them enough to do something like that.
I think jake isn't going to get taken away from his dad.
Cant wait till I get my iphone 4s!
Valentine's Day FillInTheBlank: If I could pick one musician to be my valentine today  I'd pick .
Everyone follow
I love you :
Really ATT Advertising?
Need to cancel an account and someone will get back to us in SEVEN TO TEN DAYS???
it was lovely.
Breakfast Time :
oh.
Well I mean everyone is getting kicked out of there cars, not just seniors.
At least you only have 2 days left of it.
quote of the night...that's why we're so rich!!
lol I've never bit my tongue so hard!!!
11.5 hours of sleep last night!!!!
SF users.
Anyone near Hana Zen?
If so take a quick pic of the rest.
upload to Easy way to make some extra cash.
So very tired, I'm gonna pass out watching Invader Zim.
Goodnight and Geek doctorams to you.
NEED PROTEIN...
your show is gonna be rockin' tonight.
We're coming!!!
Pushing through the crowd for your beautiful face.
You're welcome.
I was raised in a very LOUD/honest family.
I need to Bring Back Ringer
I couldn't agree more
you like so much of Brazil, right?
I can send something Brazilian for you, a gift if you want!
:
yes i am because i dont have any friends lololol
we do?
Where is it?
: Do you know Chicago has a neighborhood call Pill Hill?
rumble in the tumbly..
Gave in to my 711 craving.
Verdict  taquito?
Never more.
there so many places !!
Who would not LOVE to work at lol !
do you ever come to Miami ??
Let me know :
I am happy to announce that is also C2MW!
Can't wait for you guys to meet!
also, thanks for running for Grad Liaison and representing grad students!
there's a endorsement coming your way :
There's an alarm going off in repati's office at Johnston hall.
THIS BUILDING IS SO CREEPY AT NIGHT!
If you saw them you would understand
I think there's a chance we're setting a FB record.
We've been stuck on 376 likes for a week.
And, yup, that was a hint..
well you still on the team.
We need to to get together
Going to talk Week 4 NFL Matchups w/ ON AIR on the Fantasy Pros 911 early show tomorrow at 6:15am EST!
on the 1's and 2's tonight!
done recordin i might doctorp my mixtape tama or tonight
Funny, I read that one more as a postfeminist critique on the breast milk trope in Little Women.
Fucking grossed out.
Im not sleeping in here tonight.
I'm looking forward to that.
Almost there!
Working on an article on this very thingdo you mind sharing your stat source?
Many thanks!
A4: After my wife finished crying a/b the PG ad, she said that's the kind of ad that would get me to consider purchasing something
Being a smallbiz owner, does your business have an advisory board?
yeah!
My main sport is basketball but i think in high school im gonna play both!
But in college ill most likely play bball!
just got home.
im hyper.
don't go to crickets
Haha, I know I know.
But did you watch the first segment of the show!?
You'd feel bad too.
What's with all the flannel on a 95 degree humid day?
Three people spotted and it's not even 8am!
nice work getting retweeted by !
Merry Christmas Everyone
You are officially my favorite Canadian.
you got precise doctorp can you send me a link for your radio show.
So i guess Mike Brown won't be coaching lakers anymore, since they're gonna lose tonight right?
NP God Given Name
Good day sunshine smgirlfriends  hope you all get outside before the SoCal rain hits us manana!
Thanks man.
Having no time will do that to ya!
You need to come on sometime.
Let's plan.
songsiwillnevergettiredof George Michael  Careless Whisper
question for San Diego employers?
Where is best place to advertise jobs?
It's those chairs.
You guys are like 15 feet high  you had to awkwardly fold your arms for balance.
now abc don't show an abbreviates season of !
give us the full season!!!
hot, hot, hot
on for foreveryogurt tonight??
Current College Students Struggle to Survive Rising Tuitions.
Be sure to have enough money saved to account for fee increases each year.
naturalhealthmagazinedeals  Surviving the Stores: Hot deal on Natural Health Magazine!
...
1 Comment.
TODAY only, you can get a s...
Today, that same process looks very different
Sorry no Google hangout, connectivity on base is a challenge :
everyone seems to be making great points, and real discussion is happening.
I like that.
Someone make me a chocolate cake, I'm cravin it
OK INSTEAD OF A NIGGA MAKIN THINGS RIGHT AT HOME HE RATHER MAKE THINGS WORSE BY GOIN OUT..FUCKN
To affect the quality of the day, that is the highest of arts.
Henry David Thoreau
You mad so what!
Build a bridge an ge over it!
Ha!
Glad it wasn't just me!!
RT : I seriously thought the same thing!
WhenSummerComes My Planns Is To Spend It All With YOU 3
I miss a lot of people from king more than I thought I would, kinda wish we could have just hung out all year, instead of studied
Serious pizza before the show.
no lo supero
God the south is fucked up.
Craving a cinnamon  sugar cupcake from big time!!
SometimesYouHaveTo do the hard thing because it's the right thing
Must make breakfast...
but I'm so sleepy from chasing goats to make him dinner!
Happy birthday!
I've loved my 30s so far, hope you do too.
Sorry I missed your tweet about video interviews sunday, buddy.
Call for volunteers at next GA maybe?
About to take Spikey for a little morning walk :
Off and running.
Looking forward to a busy morning.
Who wants to play a game?
Guess the lyrics or fill in the lyrics?
Comment below which one you'd rather do.
Sara
Bang Someone Like You sounds like Britney Spears covering Adele.
yeah class of 2013
What are you most looking forward to this summer?
who denied it?
link?
Costs are often easier to gauge than sales.
I'd rather estimate sales conservatively.
Around the RVA metro I would be surprised if anybody saw over a light coating or trace.
For the snow lovers, it's better than nothing!
I should have done this a long time ago!
ha!
it was pretty cool.
I think they said that trike weighed something like 300lbs.
crazy!
Having to do things I don't want to do has never been something I've ever been good at doing.
hahahah where can we call you?
Looks like you can go do jail for Facebook usage...haha goo.gl/cGYBK
np 1D what makes you beautiful :
1year anniversary show tonight!
NWSports tonight
dcmi10 Mike Bergman: Many mapping predicates should be approximate.
owl:sameAs a nuclear warhead.
by trending Get Austin Mahone Verified :
why put anything on the web at all?
what are the institutional aims?
nice!
I'm actually trying to go to UMKC law
Guys.
Irons are hot.
I have to say I am not but there have been plenty on games I would go and buy at midnight , so I dont blame you !!!!!
Who will be at the David Guetta show February 8th?
Who's getting laid to be there??
This guy!
don't with doctorving classes and incars yaaay onemoremonth
I'm going to stock up on Twinkies and cupcakes.
Vamp D Producer : Ten more seconds to shave off the season finale and we're done.
Its last ten minutes are pretty darn crazy.
check twitter.
check facebook.
The Knicks have given up, so why shouldn't the fanbase?
cool mine is leah roche its a pic of me with purplish lipstick on im not online tho lols
My stomach feels full but I still want to eat some real food.
Have to get use to these fruit/veg shakes .
it's peanut butter time
your picture makes you look like a whore :P
WTF?
What's broken?
remove tenure, provide high quality PD and implement and monitor change, utilize true PLCs.
I cried with happiness in my doctoram because you said you loved me again
Frank Vogel talking crap about the it's gonna be some extra fuel for this series
Omfg adorable!
I'm so making some of my own!
Fire?
Oh Lawdy!
RT : Somebody need to pull this firealarm...
This lady tripping.
Would love to connect at ctia and chat.
Please DM me.
Thanks
With www.S2YD.com, you can have any one of 45 restaurants delivered right to your door in under an hour in Madison.
Check us out!!!
what up g
Investors enjoy the winwin
School.
Work.
Sleep.
Repeat.
I just wanna eat a bunch of food right now.
Whoo yard sale!
Stop by and say hi!
:D
Funny how easily people can fall out of your life.
The library just emailed me saying Fifty Shades of Gray was available for me.
Even free, do I want to waste my time?
I know you're like fiasco's biggest fan
I'm so excited for you this is a whole new chapter :
People always starting rumorss...
damn do people have a life tho??
Now offering our same great services in two locations: Atlanta and Douglasville!!!!
Call 6531883 for more information...
special thanks to those original follows I never mentioned because I am so not twitter savvy....yet!
'umm can I have a dozen Biscoffs?'
MustFollow she's
did u see my email re yrbk?
If not see me in am some ad notes for u.
I'm on in about 5 minutes!
Tune in now to Channel 2 News to see me answer your legal questions on their 'Ask A Lawyer' segment!
Yo , I'm heading from Madison to Milwaukee today for your show at the I can haz ride with you?
are they the girls vlados?
Associated Press has reported Whitney Houston has died at 48 years old!
So sad, more tonight on 10 on ABC5.
thanks for the ff!!
WOW.
My vagina is super pissed at politicians right now.
Mostly Republicans.
Wow, the confusion and frustration since we all don't speak spanish and english..
Should you speak spanish?
Or everyone else speak english?
Love this show!
Only competition show I watch...
Karma is only a bitch if you are.
Looking for a nice Irish love song to play today XD
YES.
Gave me chills.
Cannot wait for game 6 of the WorldSeries woo!
I repair musical instruments parttime and am a distributor for Lifemax, the makers of Mila
Ugh derricks rose is gone damn damn ECL hop he,get better
Need help?
U can now txt us reports of greedy bosses.
7204402765...
Flash mob, charleston, February....
Congratulations, class of Marist2016 !
Follow  learn more about the exciting heritage of your new school
: That's great!
I'm speaking on College Application Essay Writing 101 at the Sudbury Library, May 23 at 7 pm.
Spread the news!
Born  raised in Madison, working on the insomnia :
Thanks to everyone who supported ALPFA Milwaukee's churro sale!
Bringing back some fresh spring wines to the proud one!
O lalala!
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large
Fuck take your child to work.
Mall c:
haha I know you broke up with him!
I'm soo proud:
Mayweather is getting tired
Never let the odds keep you from doing what you know in your heart you were meant to do.
And......everyone in Philly vomits....
I think I'm gonna go to college and major in Religion so I can be a preacher.
And I may change my username on here.
oh yea that far...all my friends live so far from me :'''.....
Looks dope
thanks I had fun I'm on my way home now :
one per bag.
sorry.
doesn't have time to make any more.
well, she needs to make 6 more.
but that's it for now
Happy new years3
Halftime: CLIPPERS 39  Grizzlies 38..
Players to the locker room..
me to the shower!!
Be right back!!
You make me smile!
And you are such an empowering, inspiring woman.
Q: What's the range of a tuba?
A: Twenty yards if you've got a good arm!
Thankful for the MYC band and singers!
doctorve carefully, my good man.
Did Carson Daly say Justin Bieber is backstage dying?
OMG!
I hope Bieber doesn't die!
: if Yes is the answer, what was the question?!
You're MyWish .
Follow me, never change!
I love u so much!
You're incredible, I want cry when i hear your songs kisses5.
Nothing like a little Belgian beer to revitalize the palate.
Thanks to
This thing in my belly will not stop dancing.
I find this incredibly annoying.
GO TO SLEEP little one!!!
hahahaha not a cute girl in that joint!!
EW OLIVES.....
Yuck.
RT Check out our ads on the Support the Homeless Childoctorn and Youth Act in CQ and Roll Call today!
I want a boyfriend That's exactly like i think he's just absolutely amazing!:
Yo mamma is so stupid she went to the orthodontist to get a bluetooth.
There is NO way that's a venue!
Is it really?
I just found out how we can have 2 six month vacations every year!
What's your favorite hold'em hand?
Braces today !
No !
spent time with some incredible students at Booker T Washington High School for the Performing  Visual Arts yesterday.
When Stretching Is A Bad Idea

Please also follow us  Pittsburgh
Lol!
Get off my cloud!
Ain't it the truth though?
:
Predict Newt wins GA, RS wins OK, mistertakes AK, VT, MA, ID, ND, VA
.
I really hope you're not getting poured on right now!
:
will be playing at RevolutionSaturdays .
Follow him now to stay updated on his shows!
thanks for the favorite!!!!
And likin the new twitter name
Stumbled upon original programming Battleground which was quite fun and enjoyable.
Then got sucked in to Shawn Doyle fluff
Yael Sternhell's Routes of War: The World of Movement in the Confederate South.
It rocks.
i like the iced mocha, although i don't like the whipped cream and sometimes it's too bitter.
it varies.
Lmao going back  reading my old tweets aaahh funny!
MAA TV Chairman Nimmagadda Prasad arrested by CBI.
Actually, I would punish him for telecasting Athadu and Chatrapathi thousands of times!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash EB Beltline between Rimisterck and John Nolen.
Use caution in that area.
Yep kinda switches up in the middle wanted to see if u thought it was too much
Das Boot...A movie or the ramification's of not paying your tickets in Chicago?
Somebody invented the Denver boot and the world cried
whatever you do, dont mix it with some rufies...then you're just asking for a sore ass in the morning.
takes 's hand Warton meet Moo gestures to Moo.
Moo meet Major Warton Whitlock.
He eats people unlike people eating cows
I would never!
Mad Men NO!
Do you really wanna love me forever or is it just a hit an run ?
;
I think April's almost asleep woot cause im ready for bed myself .
of course :
with the Cow as one of the stops!
Come watch them complete the Cow challenges while enjoying a cold one.
Giddy Up!
oh I know lol
: A homeless man followed Niall around Venice beach for 30 minutes,asking him for money  Niall gave him 45 dollars.
So glad everyone from was able to stop by last night, had a blast!
wearing the same red tie every day.
Did someone say doctorma?
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
: 7
Good mornin tweeps feelin way better then yesterday Refreshed y'all have a good day....
Play Me In doctorw Something Username: AnthonyConroy
Breakfast at the hospital!
cutest couple pretty much ever 3 so stop hiding it haha
next.
im going to be in phoenix this weekend
Loving DerbyonNBC constant onscreen integration for KentuckyDerby coverage on
I practice until successfully 
Can't wait for The Amazing Spiderman.
I think Spiderman is my favorite super hero.
One extra Big Pour early session ticket for sale for face DM me, meet outside the pour at 11:30.
Please RT
I love how suspended players in the NFL can appeal their suspension to the man that handed down the suspension.
Real fair process.
It was nice to finally meet , , and I feel like I've heard so much about you lot!
Yes!
See you there!
RT : On way to KC!
Looking forward to seeing good friends  being inspired by energetic family docs
Big game tomorrow night vs.
MSU can't wait.
Team seems very relaxed.
I like it!!
the assembly todayy
skipping gym in the lockerroom.
I miss the !!!
When will she be back?!
fourwordsyoudontwanttohear obama hope and change
Want a DJ to hop on this new mixtape but I dont got time for bs holla at me if u interested or know someone who would b
Myboyfriend treats me like a princess.
:D I love it 3
Inspiring story of a town reinventing itself after destruction!
Who do you think wins the series between Yanks and BoSox?
1 Hour until the game airs on ESPN!
Miss my GirlFriend already 42112 3
The Voice, really?
REALLY?!??
;
Follow me got bored with it for a cpl years but im back on
....so much is overrated.
just copped controlsystem off iTunes thank you
Only one slice of angel food cake left!
Having a great time at DB :
Hearing anonymous callers talking about their regrets on da radio makes me feel a lot better about my life.
They cuttin up on,GCI
Whoa, cool!
Where'd you get it?
I have a Whovian friend with a birthday approaching...
gotto get to work !
Talk later tonite if your on .
Need to play the man.
Newman has glass jaw  focus to be on his poor financial mgt at City Hall re: transapex Will send QLD broke
we will definitely be doing g on the next Lote.
Yell if you want invites
Absolutely!
RT : Any room for stowaways, in that party wagon?
haha real funny were u stay so i can come over there and whip ur ass
hahahahaha!!!
Just kidding!
But we won't have a car!
Duh!
Get yourself to the party and party with us there!
Am I buying into the hype if I admit wearing wayfarers makes me feel cool?
Ah...darn!
Well, you will someday!
:
is in the building.
Money well spent ringofhonor all day
contagious for 24 hours it supposed to go away in 78
thanks!
got your email!
sorry to clog up your twitter!
Never been to a Korn concert, I am going to check it out tonight.
dear everybody, please follow my bestfriend  ;
The fact that Cinderella is going back to Broadway makes me so excited!!!
itcouldbeme 
kill da bitch
Swear love is pain in disguise
Soderling,we know u don't like the wind but what can we do against it?!
I know haha but I miss you being terrible at it!
I didn't have to try as hard haha
SHAMELESS SELFPROMOTION!!!!!
Robb finished his leg and handed over the baton to Annie.
Still about 5 minutes ahead of schedule.
0.4 to target ...
Impressive !
Illusion is the first of all pleasures.
Oscar Wilde
Hi Toronto Savings Thanks for the Follow.
I'll like to speak to you maybe we can net work and develop a franchise kind of
Great minds think alike.
Sometimes I'm too vigilant.
I try not to talk about the highest court in the land on twitter, because the only reasonable way to write it makes me think of ball sacks.
Today is too busy
I really admire your art work!
Thanks!
Please do!
Let us know what you think on twitter!
:
Danny mac loves the taigers almost as much as a 12 pack af mic ultra
Happy AprilFoolsDay: Ours isn't the only culture to celebrate silliness.
The Romans observed religious holidays called the hilaria.
Work flow.
Day 1 of 18 straight
Trouble brewing in the marketnew page added today!
www.rocketrobinson.com
Jesse just finished us LAST final at Penn State!
Congrats Jesse!
Now go blast some Hopes High!
grabs your hips
You really should take some time and do some research.
You could always give me a call.
Hmm forbidden?
I'm not sure...I'll look it up.
I need to make my pizza crust.
Don't wanna.
The roads are so slick I almost couldn't tweet this update while doctorving...
JK !!!!
so...
how was your wppi?
It Friday but fell like saturday O.o
I Thoughtt You Was My Everythingg Thaa Wholee Time You Was Someone Else Everything!
That's good!
:
love a girl who has a fat ass.
that dnt mind bending over n taking a big dick
love and DJ Polish Remix
Congrats on the film adaptation!
hi :D
I went to the evil dentist to get my teeth cleaned and my teeth were so dirty that they couldn't get them all cleaned within an hour!!
What?
Who says Mad Men is too subtle?
I get these from all of my followers on twitter .
When I find more I will let you know  told you google know
These Updates that my Phone have don't be about Nothin.
Im gona start savin up money 2 go 2 Believe again.Maybe ill actually meet u next time if im not chickenshit.ttyl luv loyalbri
I wish I had half as much as she does  RT Big Tiff .
That child so much self esteem  self confidence.
What is up everyone!!!
Make sure to visit www.partyslayerz.com for tickets, music and all the info you need!!
What a catastrophe on the Gulf?
doctorll baby doctorll doctorve us to this  deeper water, steeper risks.
Hole forms in Obama energy policy.
what I want to know is: how do you make a 1D flick 3D?
Maybe they'll at least shorten it....
Welcome back everybody!
/yd
hm....
like my new bg?
lol
290  The number of entrepreneurs per 100,000 people in the Chicago area.
Not looking good outside.
Auntie Em!
Auntie Em!
No one appreciates the very special genius of your conversation as the dog does.
Christopher Morley
Was the pressure too much?
LSD?
Actus reas is a guilty act
A completely insane thunderstorm was waiting for me at the top of the u st metro so, Starbucks mocha before heading heading home it is
Early Voting Starts Today!
Please get out and Vote!
If you would like to volunteer, have questions or need assistance of any kind please...
Love Housewives of Miami , they are funny ...
you got that smile that only heaven can make i pray to god everyday that you keep that smile!!
33
Thanks for the heads up we'll look into that right away!
omg dying she did!
you HAVE to get the ALL red bag of Starburst jelly beans, they are delicious...but not this week...
Eagerly awaiting the start of the tour.
6.00 an hour to park in Sydney...
Am I getting a foot massage and happy ending too?
Poojah  : Scott was greatfwd w/help.
No frustrations  all considering advances in
Taking a long time to shower, just cause you like to stand there, under the warm water, doing nothing
.
That's because Ashley's story wasn't just selling a candidate, it was selling a war too.
Last night on , a Twat looked like she had a twoonone with a CandyCane and a PeaCock
Software is like nuclear power, when its good, it's good.
When it's bad, its really bad.
There is a girl from Larzalere who was on the Atlanta one...
I haven't watched it, but I heard she cries!
Yo homie DM me ya email so i can get this heat to ya.
I personally find it offensive.
a friendly reminder that your game is more than 6 hours old and will end soon
Got off work....
I literally spent my whole Saturday in bed ...
:
I never learned any of this in my Crisis Communications class!
LOL!
rednecks tryna tell me how to hunt nd shit..
Tending to the sleeping Munchkin upstairs as a cutthroat game of Munchkin begins downstairs.
Have fun et al!
One of my favoirte of ur videos is the sims in real life.lmao
Loves it when the coach calls 2 straight QB sneaks with an added bonus of a fumble and a td brought back by a holding call.
YES
I need a new book to read!
Any recos for nonfiction?
when did you get back to NYC?
stomach issues...I just wanna lay in bed all day and be lazy
RT If you're our biggest fan!
haha by accident
I produced some good numbers
haha no.
I would have called everybody.
trying twitter for the 1st time..
this is cool
RT : eLearning content writers need to learn something from fiction writers to better engage their audiences.
thanks man!
Cross it up!
Haha
Ive thought bout it...
Lol would never do it but damn sho thought About it!
Watching prototype this itsawesomeuhugh
could you follow me?: I watch your youtube vids all the time:
Great song.
that's all; I don't think of you that often.
RT on DVD  BluRay: Mission: Impossible  Ghost Protocol and Shame This week, pickings are slim yet again, but at the very least, most o
Excuse me?
I swear my iPod is the only thing to keep my alive, 3
Don't you hate it when you visually can see the article you want from memory, but can't remember the title or pub name?
Shoutout to y'all sexy dudes out there!!!!!!
I c you
For those wondering, don't expect back to tweeting today.
The goal wasn't reached, so the return has been delayed yet again.
Dear johns over, time for bed
burt would only appear on the list as turd ferguson  once it hits 20 candidates we'll put it to a vote!
I'm for it.
Go LA.
...
And Avs.
They need to win too.
what's on Colbert?
Neon green cords to work...
toosoon?
Still don't like the newnewtwitter extra side padding, even after sleeping on it.
I'm sure more sleep will make me not care.
Hey are you guys ready for the skifever show?
Ready to see you guys move in soon.
Stop by for a sample.
Closed 2 awesome deals today, and have another in the queue, and it isn't even 2:00pm.
What what!
network speed test, page rendering from browser, movie playback and keyboard typing / long and detailed thank you!
So what's everyone doing tonight?
Any fun events on TV?
hahaha!
Did u find this or make it?
OH SNAP, it's October.
Where the hell did the time go?
Time to start planning Halloween adventures, awyeah
slipknot is successful by keeping it original says band member clown
We'll be tomato tasting this Saturday at Cow by Bear.
and are about to do SHOW!!!!
4 gays boy 1 show...
Oh snap...
Dont miss this!
Even the toughest stains are nothing for Revolutionary Cleaning yacht and boat cleaning.
call now : 8669702532
Heading out of the city life for a min for a brief mini vacation!!
wink
Reminder!
St.
Patty's Day is this Saturday!
:
whyd you get a mister?!
And yeah theyre crazy
Yeah you really can't trust women when you can trust your mom bro
My fiance did 80/20 diet during pregnancy  our 5 day old baby is sleeping 6hr at night, rolls to her side, healthy  calm!
Thanks for the FF  !
Sometimes I think people like making me angry but its ok, because I'm that scary kind of angry that starts off all quiet and then freaks out
: 51 days left till July 1st.ndbjsnnkedneckn I'm so excited.
our images would never go viral if not for our extreme height difference.
Also helps that you take nice photos.
LMFAO, SHIT FUNNY AND TRUE AS A BITCH
GA TWEOPLES!
just took it another level w/their site!
Step your social game up musicians!
my sister finally is here in florida and i finally got a car...im so happy !!!!!
thanks
your grace is amazing sis!
Think about how many people tour on a bus...usually it's about twelve on board.
That's a lot of people hanging around a crash
LOL!
You are too funny!
Thanks
This weekend is going to be full of sleep and studying for AP exams.
Oh, it's already been proven, it's just a matter of time until Walker is
R.I.P Whitney Houston.
So sad!
5 off your next order when you say you saw us on Twitter!
CALL US NOW FOR YOUR SAME DAY DELIVERY or LEGAL COURIER SERVICE!
8775275737
That's a ridiculous sexy photo.
Be careful.
You're entering dangerous territory.
Calm down!
you see the one when I tried liquor for the first time and took 15 shots in 2 mins I was done
Gotta have more thin just good looks gotta no how to cook
Shout outs check em out!
This study hall class sucks so bad...
you arnt even aloud to listen to music...
alright cool i cant wait to hear:
Pulled out from under the bed past lecture notes for an upcoming CultureinPeril post.
Nerdy?
Excessive?
Essential?
Perhaps all three!
About to tweet from USC Teaching With Technology conference usctwt12 to hear
RDA will fix that!
And MARC will yield to linked data!
And ILS redesigns will surely follow!
:
I would love to bring my seven yr old!!
Boo to you.
So if u like corn come lol
Thanks Dean.
Your a true friend.
I am working through it.
I just feel pretty used up at the moment and don't have much to give.
ad tech leaders at RTTS12 today  great lineup and catchup
That moment when you catch eye contact with someone who you might begin history with3
The 18 pack  150 Pack are the most cost effective for shipping but can always be tweaked a little.
Richie is here!!
I think of my life, and where I would be without out my mother
The work from home trainer's uniform: pajama bottoms and a tank top!
Well, that exam went well..
ariess a goodgirl?
puh fine i get it even though i ditch for you :/ but whatever , we got thurs.
.
Your welcome:
We got some shows coming up!
June 15th At The Crocodile Rock in Allentown PA w/ Nocturnal Me!
July 10th at The Chance in Poughkeepsie NY!
yes!
That would be fun
Getting better over the flu, but have somethimg on my mind wish I had a girl to confide in or just speak to :
NowPlaying LiquorStore Blues
Stealth snow!
Something I don't remember from last winter, or have successfully blocked out.
I think you can just connect your phone to the computer and it should all sync up...
right?
Get free promotion for yourself on the url on my page.
let's trade follows.
interested?
:
I miss buying random purposeless dvds.
Welcome home to !!
lets get those doctorps done when you have tim brotha
We in this bitch
Like now, listen to the accompaniment in the low strings.
It will return in the 3rd mvmt
We are always searching for the thrill of it
Weekend can't come any faster.
we did take a picture though!
Seeing The Avengers today with the team!
It's our day off so we figure a few hrs of fun is okay :
watching Sarah Silverman with friends
Noisy nights are the most relaxing
RT : Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
Abraham Lincoln.
...
yeah totally!
With shoes from target and puffy paints!
Sweet gig, dude!
Congratulations!
:P how was your day on my birthday?
Hope it was fantastic!
:P
Lucky to have gotten in 18 with before the much needed rain really came.
IHateToBreakItToYou but shaving off your eyebrows, Then doctorwing them with a black pencil doesnt make them any better.
Trying to touch my mustache is like doctorpping the soap in the shower
shot me out of the sky
First semester of college, every student should be a server/waiter/waitress.
Learn to be polite.
in end of November
yes lol.
Baby in a microwave?
well said Vza!
RT : Warmed my heart to see old school KG tonight.
There is still hope in the East for a Finals w/out Lebron.
DYING to go to the MADMEN event and very sad it's sold out.
Any way to still get a ticket?
A smile can change the world.
I wonder if he could cook...
Hey guys let us know if we can print anything for you!
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to keeping up with the exciting thins happening at Social Syntax!
Thank you for the follow!!
:
ha ha I do too!
I'll look for you tomorrow.
E.
P.
Thompson, you will be the death of me.
better certified letter than restraining order ; sorry.
that just stinks.
then lost them both w/ a letter only saying the government changed the wording...then got paid off 3 months later w/higher rent
Dang.
I have been owning the gym lately.
Feels freakin' fabulous.
Just got home from work
i still have test tmisterw, lucky u, u already finshed High school Lol
RT : Did you know?
If you say Raise Up Lights you just said Razor Blades in an Australian accent!
:
Marin Rowing Association leans on firstyear coaches and rowers in preparation for regional championships
POST A COMMENT ON THE WEBZONE
Probably it's a good idea not to ship in guns to Mexico!
Hopefully it will open quite a few eyes, as to what is really going on in our own backyards.
Nowplaying Roll One Up; ASAP Rocky :3
temple run is addictive!
I hope you have a great day, Blake!
:
I CAN FIGHT DUDE YOU DO IT
I met with last week on Hanalei beach.
He is a super nice guy.
My 17 year old niece even thought so.
Thanks for the beers man!
Playing 11pm til 1am Friday night at hookah in the hills!
Right before ....first fest of the year!
Enjoyed a wonderful dinner , great food.
Thx
Well he was being rude and tryed to tell me who I am
What a great NYE party that was!!
Darkstarians rock!
RT : Had fun Phishing in the lot last night.
phish 2012 Happy New Year!
But what if the org is just two or three people?
So what did yall expect us Laker fans to say?
Yall think I'm just supposed to talk reckless?
They lost by 30, who talks...nah I'm good
Mhmm next month i'm out there..
Your eyelids  muscles of your eyes need rest.
The lubrication of your eyes also requires replenishment, but your eyes don't need either.
It is good that many professorssional athletes in all sports give back to the communities.
Many of them had hard lives.
Life is not easy for us.
God loves all women of faith, so thanks to all mothers and special women in our lives, AMEN!
Glad to hear that!
And yes, EPUB titles will need to be read with Adobe.
You're welcome.
Keep up the hard work.
Almost to the finish line!
Wish I would have gotten my oil changed when I was supposed to.
Now I am wasting time on my day off
10 Milton entering the fifth.
Great reporting tonight, Mark.
Thanks for keeping us informed.
Didn't like the call from Angel Hernandez...
seem to be hearing that a lot.
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Catherine Gallagher on the 18U team for joining us in our 2012 sand program.
I will hit u when I touchdown homie
The new RockyLovesEmily album secretsdontmakefriends is AMAZING!
Go download it and follow them.
What is your favorite nuclear fusion?
If u say anything other than carbon, then u really hate the world.
I think one of the most fav part of my jobs is opening  setting up all the new Mac products.
Looks really potent!
Does your lab do a breakdown of the terpenes?
Limonine or myrcine levels, etc?
Man it feels like I been away that's what life does super busy but lovin Life to the fullest : Elysce Baby everyday all day :
lol.
I actually do that to slot of my followers.
I just consider them Twitter Family!
Something, anything, anyone rescue me from this mindnumbing professorrma!!
I love visiting here everyday.
I always come away better in some way  great food, art, words, creativity, images.
.
who would have thought!
thanks Mitchell
Q3 Unfortunately documenting this type of history is timesensitive.
Send one threw when it's done.
I guess well have to do some side projects whenever time benefits..
ugh yeah I hate it ha If it wasnt so early in the morning it wouldn't be so bad!
Winston Guy just got doctorfted in the 6th round, Pick 182 by Seattle.
Chicago, I'm playing a few songs  hosting a show tonight at lizard's liquid lounge.
No cover, no attitude, bring your pupit'll be grand!
Chicken or Egg?
My dose of CST is tomorrow.
Should I take a pillow?
The best locations for the Vegas fest!
Check out our upgraded penthouses  balcony suites!
OMG so cute!!!
I love me some navy and cream...
is it?
:X
Hope you're not in flip flops today.
It's a tid bit chilly out there!
FUCK THE YANKEES
Another great movie to watch.
The Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo.
Thanks for the follow 
do you have your DARE shirt from 5th grade ?
Mario Lemieux, National Hockey League forward, was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma in 1993.
Wow I can't fall asleep.
fuckthetomorrow please trend fuckthetomorrow every Sunday.
RT Heaven never helps the man who will not act.
Sophocles
Successful shoots 
Can't let Cena go, he's the reason we all watch.
That's 4 votes from CeNation to reinstate him.
Two generations of fans say Don't fire him!
I'm happily married and firmly believe the contract of marriage is moving steadily toward irrelevance
IDSD has some great speakers and information!
booth has QR code registration for free party tix!
the Church does not excommunicate gays or divorcees...get informed before making uneducated, bigoted misstatements
Im supposed to be working through my task list.....but i think i want to nap.
right?
thought i'd give it a whirl because yolo
i love Thank you for coming out last night!
lmao wow nah lol I wish!
Your what 13?
:p
Happy Festivus to all!
FF , now offering excellent nonrelationship advice :
Hoping god still keeps me blessed.
Use a dark shield for my armor.
Soes Capretta also get a brand Pulitzer nomination for this?
will be closed on Tuesday, August 9th in observance of Tisha Baav
You're getting so many followers now, !
: MISS YOU!
Hopsin is khold ....
Easy E's wife Effed Him Over
Hahaha...
That's an image I'd love to see!!!
You go, girl!!
The clock, which was moving like quicksand in the second, is bleeding in the third.
If I started tweeting about the more ridiculous things that happen to me would you be entertained
Ok  a Pink Floyd related artist is Stone Temple Pilots?
I don't think so.
I would never ever connect those two bands in my mind.
Or I could run after breakfast at 11am??
Hm...
that prob wouldn't work for you guys.
Busy busy busy this week!
What are you up to, tweeps?
I'll bet it's a super limited edition!
well Chris knows how to season a song alright, at 2:40 come down from jimmy kimmel live so brilliant ,wuz surreal in alley
its uncle Charlie
20ThingsAboutMe 7.
I can be very stupid sometimes :L Sometimes I'm not sure if brown is my real hair colour :'
Finished reading Hide by Gardner, By a Spider's Thread by Lippman  started 61 Hours by Child
Python  Learn Python the Hard Way from
What word would you use to describe the special performance by du Soleil at doctorpa?
Use xeroxdoctorpa to tell us  ours?
Amazing
David Johnson: I'm so inspired by Public Counsel clients' resilience
Omw to the meeting !
sending bday wishes your way may your day be blessed  filled wit joy
a fan of Leo ask me when kickin it is airing on Israel and can u say at 2 her this is her twitter ..!!
weird it's still not working.
Are you following me?
However, Amanoto uses SOME but not 100 kurokoji in another product, tho we do not import this.
Thanks for the ?
In 1st hour since polls opened, 4 election districts in Greece combined to have all of......8 voters!
A great way to brighten your day is read the tweets that you saved to favorites
I wasn't calling you that like I said that's how I saw okay
Hey Cam Sabrina Followed me but i was wonderong if u can too i love u ur amazing Always3
Haha!
Thanks.
I am almost finish with these thick ol' pages.
We must stop pedaphelia tourism.
Nothing God does is an accident.
He is setting you up for your
What you don't realize is Luther already came, and I'm milking you for another 20
Nothing makes you more tolerant of a neighbor's noisy party than being there.
Franklin P.
Jones
361: Every year, the Kennedy Center Honors make me so thankful for the performing arts and the richness they add to our lives.
the org.
chart is brilliant
I will give Kim respect.
She won.
Do I hate her no.
My favorite..no.
But she won, and I say congrats
You could say it, uh, builds character?
LOL
chillin man..just tryin to get that music out there today..lemme know if you're feelin any tracks
Gave the TopDawg a hair cut  bath;No small project  one I doctorad when I have to do it; He was so good though I feel guilty 4 doctorading :
it is very possible..
Who has the hook up on silk screened tshirts wit decent turnaround times...talk 2 me asap PLZ
YEAH for : Good morning Tweeterville.
I'm in a packing frenzy today, because tomorrow I'm going to Africa!
bestillmyheart
One can always research on the internet about the pill that they are trying to take but there is more research that is needed to be done
Rereading our old text messages.
sigh 
I Really Don't Care If The Truth Hurts!!
Tapping personal passions is critical to consumer engagement.
Marketers: How have you touched a life?
in running a 1/2 in Columbus tomorrow too  will be thinking of you both!
Guy wearing a clout surfshop shirt.
Asked him if he was from Cali asked him where he went to school.
Conv.
Ended real quick.
And the reporter essentially just asked if dead Japanese people will end up on California beaches.
That's downright terrifying.
Trying to stock my 30 level Tiny Tower is becoming a real hassle.
Guarantee: you will pass your Linux certification exam.
Free Daily Linux Lessons  Complete Training Kits: OneCourseSource.com/Discount
MichiganWisconsin, Badgers/Wolverines are undefeated, Lions/Packers undefeated, Tigers/Brewers in AL/NLCS.
It's unreal!!
Good question RT : How high will states set the bar with CommonCore?
What failure rates are politically and socially viable?
Think of it as an informal resume you can refer to on the fly, a way to create a collaboration, or look at peer references.
Big push for the end of nbcam!
Waterfi will donate 20 to for every Pink ipod purchased for the rest of OCT
Grosvenor Square continues to win acclaim!
Check out our website or the reviews on Amazon  Barnes and Noble to see what people are saying!
your mom is there when you are born
You might speak good enough English to move to Britain.
I know quite a few professorssional Greeks now living in London
sometimes your life feels like it's caving in on you.
I love the smell of old vinyl records in the mornin'.
Byaaaaa!!!
No brakes, I need state farm
All of us contain Music  Truth, but most of us can't get it out.
Wanna wish everyone a Happy Sweetest Day if you've got no one to love or think no one loves you i love you Happy Sweetest Day
Attending the monthly Dell UI Team meeting
Great brunch with Dionne and Michael Alan Stein in Chicago...
can't wait to show you guys what Indy fashion is all about
Congrats!!
I can't wait to say I knew you when...
but then again, it's already pretty cool to say I know you now :
u sexy as fuck baby
I bought pinchers today but read online that they shouldn't be used for stretching.
Fuck it.
We are offering 10 off to anyone that books us for holiday greetings by October 31st!
Contact us now for details.
YOU PLAY THE PIANO?
Switching back and forth!!
AmericanIdol is on!
You guys voting?!
Happy fathers day to me rollin another plane
please tell me you did not just put that..
At least three.
Are there more?
Favorite snacks:Fiber One bars, vanilla covered pretzels, popcorn, takis: RT if u like any of those snacks:
step up then !
lmao
Oh, the Kostisyns aren't Russian?
found an incredible deal today : a 6 pack of CFL bulbs for 1.99 at Ace Hardware thought Id share...
One day I was seeking God, and I found Him.
But isn't it crazy that a God of infinite power longs to be with us?
im miss sugar pink liquor, liquor lips  im gonna be your bubblegum bitch
This year has gone by soo fast!
Four new epic blisters...
Worth it.
Just wondering which uniforms Oregon will wear on Sat.
vs.
USC.
After all, it is Halloween.
im so sad and uncomfortable
Today's Tech Tip: Be careful how much/long you use the 4G on new iPad can eat up your data plan very quickly.
that's mean
GM ....
There is only one successto be able to spend your life in your own way.
Christopher Morley
Lots of good news today.
The worst is over; you can have the best of me 
And now I realize why I work so much on the wkends.
There's NOTHING to do...
Glad I stocked up on books at barnes and noble.
Artists have always needed to make .
Da Vinci, etc.
were employed by rich ppl  worked on their own art in spare time
Thought I died once had to open my eyes, had a run in with the devil had to sever my ties, u can still see red in my mother fuckin eyes
Tonights Show On LateNightLesbians Radio is cancelled check us out this wed for our halloween episode
isn't the problem now the definition of terrorism and who gets to define it?
good I guess.
I miss you, buddy
Monday Movie Night!
www.thelimebiz.com
thank you sir
: wow thank you!
yes, I build teh internets.
Are you said fellow poker player?
First u might need a resume?
For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net for food, food bank?Julie
I definitely got in some extra GirlTrek walk minutes this weekend
made it through Eat.
that was enough.
Well aren't I special :D 3
passed out when i saw new moon trailer and screamed my heart out when muse performed i fucking love that band!!!
So I'm at Blockbuster and an old lady close to me rips the loudest fart!!!
I was nice and pretended not to hear.
Just want to give a big shout out to linen for keeping me cool in this ridiculous humidity.
Don't worry,don't cry...smoke marihuna and fly.
Gina you just wanna her flings.
Lmao
going out tonight?
Keep up with Chris Saint Clark and Kustom Thrills Tattoo on the road.
Check out updated information panel for dates of conventions near you!
So close but so far.
we love the designers Jolie  Elizabeth jolieandelizabeth.com.
Manufactured in Louisiana!
Would we want Torres for our indoor team?
: great event today Looking forward to next one.looking forward to it
I like that.
Loved coaching w/the shotclock while a juco asst.
a few years ago.
Love the defensive things u can do2make it work4u.
So we over now wtf
Woops I'm a lil late but yeah I like that song...
I will be finding my lovin' soon.
Similarity is dystopic YA novel with girl as main character.
I'd say Divergent is more elegantly written  more engaged w/ ethics.
Hoping the rain holds off so we don't have any issues getting to Lakeland.
We always called Hoek's demon pizza back in the 90's.
You are right, it was definitely a hold.
with a ref looking straight at it, bad teams don't get the calls.
City and United.
Fuck em both
What are going to do when O wins, D takes back House?
Retire?
I'm hoping that none of Diablo3's levels are as annoying as the Jungle in Diablo 2.
it's ok bye ttyl!
Had a great day so far working on Casting Shadows.
Now to have more fun with my beautiful family.
Happy Mother's Day to all the great moms!
It's been so long since we had time to check our Twitter feed that we've nearly forgotten how.
Love art in yourself, and not yourself in art.
KS
ifonlyicould be the one you loved and cared about..
But you're too caught up with her.
Im preparing myself to turn 22 next week.....hopefully I'll get taller on my birthday
I WOULD FUCKING KNOCK ALL THE PEOPLE OUT OF THE WAY RUNNING!
Then jump up and dance ;D
He likes her, She likes him.
Everyone knows, except them.
I'm sure my childoctorn will willingly fall asleep one of these days.
But today still isn't that day.
cbsadmit RT : Looking forward to meeting many of my future classmates tonight at some early Connect II events!
Who's up?
WE ARE.
Studio today to finish up the last few songs of the ep.
Woah there Lets not get Cocky now Cowboys:
: I hate it when you're typing something long then look up and notice that you weren't typing anything at all.
can u give meh a shout out?
3
bottom line, the GOP race will go to the convention where power brokers will select cand!
how abt no more than three  aim for one or two.
Shorter is better.
Sry abt that!!
In the successful organization, no detail is too small to escape close attention.
Lou Holtz
Fake it until you make it.
ur video of call me maybe is so gay with a super hot dude
The ESPN commercial with the white guy named Michael Jordan is genius.
what's smosh?
Im pretty tired of this shit and wanna go home
i havent seen my parents or inlaws in months
plugging all appliances into power strips and turning them off at night and while at work could potentially save 3/4 of your power bill???
I do!
MansTrip etc : That Corporate email thread you have going with all of your fellow Corporate Bros
I am not watching game 4 unless is on the floor
thx !
Look forward to seeing you on History Detectives.
Keep me informed!
your moviee is going to be GREAT i already know NeverSayNever3D because youu are ahsome!!!: FOLLOW ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh k.can u follow me?
Time to head to LIVESTRONG!!!!!!
Oh i do  Erica Gaines i wanna see some.
:
Stressed the eff out man 
I miss oomf /.
thanks uncle Jim!!!!
Wish I could have seen you last week!
Badger weekend.
hockey game tonight and football game tomorrow.
just need bball tix to complete the trifecta.
That guy looks like he slid right into the Spanish Flu epidemic of 1918.
Leadership Collaborative begins next Mondayhave you registered yet?
www.LeadershipRising.com
Request: Please purchase online.
Response: We have entire run of online.
In catalog, and on ejournals page?
No bells?
Mastering the Nikon D7000, print edition, is on the truck to the distribution center.
Preorders will be serviced soon!
These results on Paul is what makes this election still up for grabs at this point in Jan.
love heartbreak?
I JUS SUBMITTED SOME HOT TRACZ TO YA EMAIL.
HIT ME BACK AND LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK GETER K.
Happy anniversary!!!!!!
that process would be...
interesting.
And I thought testing kissing chemistry was hard
Iv locked my keys in my car twice in 3 days.....its time to get A.
ugh
austin's hot as it is.
how can he be any hotter with these braces off
The marketing terms seem to be folding in on themselves.
Are you at all itchy to just go back to trying to get l'nism right?
Congrats!
Glad we could be a part of it.
Lt.
Governor Skillman  ISPA President, Paul Brennan announced donation of more than 65 tons of poultry and eggs to Indiana food banks.
: Should have gone to Puerto Rico!
CustomsFree lol
Can't wait to see what God does at ALWC tomorrow.
There's a powerful Word burning in my heart.
Bring a friend 1030 AM.
SET YOUR CLOCKS UP
Was up til 4am with the team editing Blessed.
Y'all are in for something spectacular
he is SO intense.
I counted once how many pages of notes he wrote in one class.
9.
9 pages of handwritten notes.
Why not turn off the laptop, put it by aside and go to sleep?
swagg i hve like all of her videos
so I guess it was the antiFergy time today eh?
Caps play by play guy sucks
ANd...im still not home
i am having trouble with the stream.
which browser are you using?
Havent heard from my new friend today, he slackin...
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.
Werner von Braun
he only has like 8 pics o.o
How wonderful!!!
Will you share a picture or two later??
I've never been to England.
I'm working today, but that's happy :
I LOVE YOU : 333
thanks for the RT.
comee over one day !
Grandma misses you too !!
u got the plan
You are a classless piece of shit.
Ryan Dunn hasn't been gone 24 hours and ur already talking shit.
Hope ur cancer comes back
Yes.
If Luc make 3rd it would have been a 3R double, advancing on the throw.
cum keep me warm
Does Jennifer ever look bad?
fridayreads Junkyard dogs by Johnson, Elegance of the hedgehog by Barbery, Rule against murder by Penny
Wishing everyone a blessed and merry Christmas!
Looking forward to the new year.
2012 is gonna Rock!!
hope it's not gone by then!
:D
Making art is my only thing to do in life
Ozzie Guillen: to CubanAmericans :I am very ashamed grabs waterour friendship has been broken
thank you so much  hope you're moving and grooving on the west coast !
see you in newark i hope !
Who else loved Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins.
Watch the show, it's gonna be a good one: Chief Acevedo in studio to answer questions about the Esme Barrera murder.
Got a question?
love the update!
Got an a on my Spanish test :
It just doesn't make sense to me to try so hard to disprove something unless you yourself wonder.
Just woke up fina go to the barbershop n get chopped up ya dig
Tryna use a rubber tonight
Proud to be a Jaker.
well the teacher of math didn't or the teacher of history I don't remember so I can sleep on 1 of them..!!
On my way home.
Phoenix was great.
Successful trip overall.
if all goes well, we'll work on most of the songs in the last batch next week.
yay!
soon!
i can feel it!
Can everyone check out our site www.desertdogdiving.com and like our fb page.
Thanks
S/0 and for holding us down here in Alaska !!much love and safe travels yall!!!!!
Man life musta truly been dull b4 twitter during The Oscars, NFLdoctorft, NBAdoctorft, Superbowl and NBAPlayoffs.
My TL is funny as he!
WIN a pair of FRONT ROW Giants tix on the Giants dugout.
Check us out Thursday nights Twang!
Presented by Paul Hayward
Someone help me buy a bed
Can't wait!
isn't Joel sexy?
Yeah, laps are no fun.
I'm doing my ultra Nov.
3rd.
working hard.
And you didn't tell me they were playing in San Francisco THIS ACTUAL NIGHT HERE RIGHT NOW.
Where I'm not.
Dang.
Leadership is about understanding that you can only reach your own goals when you focus on the goals of others.
Only you Waldo RT : So when exactly IS Mother's Day?
hi Amanda, I was, and sometimes still lecture...
International students from Japan and Europeans....
Only an hour and a half til Baked Appreciation Day officially begins!
Stop in between noon and sundown for free cookies!
Happy Little 5 :
Word.
RT : If you fail to plan  then you should plan to fail.
I swear my cousin was balling out when she went to prom yesterday..
Had her name and her dates name on mm's i was like damn.
The awkward moment when you're smiling at your phone/computer and your parents ask who are you talking to.
Follow back???:
I'm telling you...
You're messing with the wrong one.
professorled by Some girls prefer riding bikes to salon services.
Pfft.
On the way to groove with Al Green.
Just in: a Tim Hetherington print will be included in the auction on May 15th at Christie's
The case for renting was strong, only these days, it's a great time to buy.
no careless turnovers
whenIwaslittle I thought nicky in the movie little nicky was incredibly cute.
NowThatImOlder ...I totally still do.

There's a store just off Franklin  Chicago Ave.
It has a great selection of used/free books.
I'd like to meet w/ you as well?
Ha ha, Klout never forgets.
I'll take You free radicals down!
Down to China Town!
Good Magic Win in the back to back..
we gonna do some damage this year
hopefully it happens soon :
thanks for recommendation!
Royals.
I can't.
Wherever I go, whatever I do, I wonder where I am in my relation to you John Mayer
Best way to fall back asleep after waking up before 6 am?
thanks for sponsoring the doctornksgoacoustic west coast bar tour.
One show down 20 more to go!
why do people need to be like that?
And if I'm strapping my kids in to their seats, I'm NOT going to go faster for them.
wondering if can help out with that gray means go thing...
RT : Zumba time with your Phx Urban League YP Sat., May 19th at 8:30am.
for more info!
Come out  join us.
Home from Dougfest.
What a great way to honor our friend Doug Meek and celebrate his life with his family and friends
Brewers take a big lead, then just like that it begins to dwindle.
Gallardo needs to go to the goods.
makes excellent point.
Just because perezhilton isn't info we value doesn't mean it's not credible.
I always notice that RIT Tiger Bucks are accepted at the place I'm eating after I pay.
that's cool.
The warrior dash is aug 18.
I will have to work hard.
Isn't the tough mudder like 10 miles?
During BlissDom, ConAgra Foods will donate 1 meal to Feeding America for every tweet containing ChildHunger..what a great gestr
Cynthia, I have a business that needs an investment.
Let's see how making some  from your investment looks.
What a day!
We Love Seattle!
Welcome Hotel Deca.
Offering 15 off Best Available Rate and Complimentary Parking for DPR Card Holders!
First day of work 
I'm blessed, so I won't complain...
i cant wait to see tou its been too long!
when's that?!
Happy Mothers Dayy !!!
:
We r taking a break 2 watch the game.
Both great teams
Wishing everyone a safe and happy New Year!
Don't let people put a monsters face on God.
Read Exodus 34:67 and let HIM TELL YOU WHO HE IS AND WHAT HE'S LIKE.
IN HIS OWN WORDS.
he is a giant version of little Banchi at home.
Dogs rule!
I'm soo blessed, I have beautiful wife and another amazing blessing on the way!
Thank you God.....So Much!
lol.
My goal is a 2 on the test.
If I get a 3 I will die.
It won't happen tho lol
Join us for the Bears Game Tonight!
Pizza, Wings, Beer and Da Bears
: RT : princeton ass since tha seniors left
Had a wonderful doctoram with John Coltrane's RESOLUTION playing in the back ground.
Woke up after eating fried chicken with ELVIN JONES
CSR Strategy and Newspaper Coverage of Negative Firm Events  Working Knowledge
There's fonna be mad parties I'll let you know where I'm goin when I find out lol.
Tough to watch my RedWings lose, but I'll be rooting for Preds  my hometown boy David Legwand.
NHL probably not too excited
That should be me.
there as good as anyone new you are playing now!!!!
Nice.
The St.
Marks Bookshop in NYC has been saved!
The petition worked!
NOT ALL SCARS SHOW NOT ALL WOUNDS HEAL YOU CANT ALWAYS SEE THE PAIN SOMEONE FEELS Do on to others as you would like them to do on to you
I'm taking off work thursday
Hey you think those new NFL Nike gloves will help those stone hands?
I AM THE HAPPIEST!
x suhhwear!
Hey your phone's ringing....Yeah, phones do that.
ForSmallBiz is trending again.
Glad to see people supporting their local businesses.
Follow and We'll follow back!
Please check your email  sponsor related
I am not getting cable.
Not worth the garbage....
What are you going to do for me?
:P
Ah, gotcha.
The monetary contradiction was throwing me.
I want that feelng back !
Lt Niggas don't know about that..
I am really starting to understand the meaning of communication.
And I also realized that I have made promises I didn't keep.
Tip 77: In 27 Triple doctorw and Badugi you should almost always stand pat after the second doctorw in pos vs.
a player that took 2 cards.
BET!
Honesty all i want to do is sleep .
I deal with the real so if its artificial, let it be.
what up doe you need beats?
I produce trap shit
me too!
Why there is even a team Peeta is beyond me
haha omg!
lights out ;
Is there a danger in getting boxed in with the role of Girl, either within the opera itself or careerwise?
Food smelling good
Thanks for the double RT !!!
I love your never ending generosity always.
;
just remember to have her money at the end of the day lol :  Ill pimp ya out.
RT : Thanks!
There is a lot of fun to be had through social networking
thanks guys!
: Congrats on your new venture!
Gangsta's don't die, gangsta's go to Vegas!
It Forces Me To Be On This Boof Shit When I'm Bored
Had some great rehearsals withe the ever glorious Dick Stoltzman!
Thanks to for hopping on forgot a question though: what Enrique Inglesias song is playing postgame?
Luckily there was barely any damage  and Paul didn't leave the Audi owner in the lurch
i haven't recorded it yet!
will do very soon 
thanks 4 the RT!
hope all is well.
Feel free to exploit me.
I am like a virus.
jenna robino
Just brewed some Stumptown coffee in a Chemex pot, if you guys were wondering what that disturbance in the Hipster Force was.
It's Nickel Day honoring this day in 1866 when the Shield Nickel was first minted in the U.S.
I just saw your MW3 commercial.
Fucking classic.
and u still ain't shit!!
the Beak's keeping it real account, unless my mom finds it...
Lol
3100 Wilshire  tonight I'm only chatting union language, not freudian.
Niggas Then Brought Me Out There...Like I Dont...BeOutThere!
'Go where there is no path and leave a trail' Develop YOUR leadership skills with Motivos, Saturday 4/28, 8:15 AM6.
We'll head to WCU.
RSVP
why us
lastthursday Ambassadors are located every two blocks.
Got questions?
Look for the white shirts and make sure to say hi!
BayArea families can count on the finest in nonmedical home care from Visiting Angels San Jose
you have a tumblr?
Can't believe and are graduating today!
Couldn't be more proud
Due to the snow this AM some buses may experience delays.
Remember to doctorss appropriately for conditions and we appreciate your patience.
oh hum
Jason Isaacs stopped by for a few hours today for a couple of ISDN sessions with BBC London for Brotherhood.
Great talent and super guy.
missed you today by 5min!
:
I thought after all that beer you'd take your shirt off.......
:'c
..
and when I touch you, I feel happy inside.
All good things are wild and free ;D im wild, thats just me : Live, Love, Party 
Shit changes when money comes around
shitnoonesays : Monday my favorite day
Happy Friday!
Excited to be working with and to improve 's Marketing Plan!
Literally got 2 hours of sleep in all for the past three days.
: Game of Thrones tonight.
Really hope Joffery dies in the first ten minutes few things would make me happier
If Christina Aguilera gave Angelina Jolie some of her fat, the world would be a better place
Rise  shine boys.
It's a great day for to be great!
slamdunk imtakingbets vanderWho?
I almost started a list just like this.
1: graham crackers.
doctornking Buffalo Bill's Pumpkin Ale
OH at interop: is a monkey kosher?
/CC
Veep is outstanding.
What a great well written show
for sure!
I forgot to ask them tonight in the chat.
I was a bit preoccupied with the hunger games Facebook game lol
Food for thought Technology has surpassed education  Jos Briseo
Places to nap in the office in asc order of effectiveness.
Desk.
Under Desk.
Toilets.
Broken Elevator.
Room with 'meeting in progress' sign
RT : Help in the campaign to find missing cruise ship employee  Please follow  retweet to spread the word.
20ThingsAboutMe I just painted my toe nails and fingernails 
LOL LOL DUDE U FUNNY AS HELL...
FACE FULL OF MAKE UP THO?
LOL WOW...
How you gonna tell her what to say ;you bang freakin' do that 
you are awesome!
Thanks for passing on the word!
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
one more fucking love song i'll be sickk.
Q6 LinkedIn and Twitter are my top two!
I really think wearing white or bone white is so LNBSTYLISH paired with gold and or silver accessories!
ALL WHITE EVERYTHING!!
Stuck between her legs when she sets her trap
I don't know of this is weird but I like going to movies by myself to relax and think.
And this theater is completely empty!:::: yayyy
edible ink
goodnight x
thats it fr minnifield and the browns :
It's Police Week!
They are everywhere wearing their badges :
Thank you wifey!
Thanks, man!
Exciting stuff...
On the way home today I stopped at the What a great soldier, scholar, and statesman.
yes ma'am!
I'll be there till close!
There are only 8 other cities competing so we have a chance!
Help us tweet Bring1DToSeattle to spread the word before the challenges start.
hahaha well I'm going to sleep on math or history lol ..!!
Happy birthday to Jeremiah from !
He's cute.
somehow I keep sending things that I don't use or ever send I don't know how it happens but when I get on they r there :
awesome!!!!
We hope to see some vids from your new PlayFull soon!
SO I HAVE SOME NEW UPSTAIRS NEIGHBORS.
APPARENTLY THEY ARE BIG doctorM AND BASS FANS.
that's amazing bud!!!!
At some point, a 24/7 fantasy sports network is likely.
Will take time.
Still a subset of larger sports audience.
Needs a ROI
I'm glad u do
More people are finding out bout F and it's becoming like hurricane Katrina.
The previous tweet was the most potheadly thing I ever wrote.
Ironic considering my current clear headed condition.
Groovy is a great word!
Thrilled to b on this list
Eyes blood red like they hit up by a doctorveby, mines well cause I'm smokin until I die
thanks Jen, that is sweet!
There are a lot of new questions on HelpaLibrarian.com.
Please help if you can.
Thanks!
so do I get an orchid????
RT : just cut the ribbon!
We are officially open :
and for the record  most of your students will probably be able to take corners better than that Cayenne.
you are a hero.
there are very few plus funny girls who have oscar nominations.
it's like you and liz taylor and that's it.
Your girlfriend pussy got hella mileage
Re: HB 1238, Janie Harvey, literary specialist, cautions against retaining students only to give them same reading instruction again
Its cinco de mayo and brittany and i are watching The indian in the cupboard.
What is happening.
Pettitte looks really good...like he never retired
Finally headed over to the convention center for some doctorpalCon activities.
how can i get some shows down there
it all depends on our pitching including our middle relief.
good to see you, Kelvin and briefly meet your friends.
Talk about HEIGHT!
: Take care, sir!
Class!
Sophistication!
Should we get a pool going?
RT : Any guesses how long it will take to read that puppy?
Some are relatively new acquisitions: trying to build the early collection as well as learn more about what we already have.
Twitter me this twitter me tht
ELLEN then camping all week!!!
YES spring break!
3 bottles of wine  6 pack magners  30!
I love total wine
RMFT : I cant talk to a guy that every bitch I know calls him her best friend .
ISE Denver fansget ready to meet Jennifer Lappin of Rocky Mountain Survival Gear next week.
Her new product is featured here....
In the great white north...not too white this time of year!
do you know Dane I swine you know him or another guy named Omar?
Oh it is on like Donkey Kong!
I agree, you can't do a whole pre game show like that!
living at home again is going to take some getting used to
chile...I thought you were in brazil?!
Dammit.
me, youR suitcase  undies are getting hot in the ATL.
Get us out!
At the airport, homeward bound
U can be doctorss thug as hell but tht make up ain't workn for ya pa...
umm side note u need a touch up ur right brow
Nothing like copying and pasting over 100 email addoctorsses into an email and then realizing you need to separate them by ; not a ,.
hey babe !!!
U am free u will text and call you this would love to see you Thursday!!!
Xoxo
I knew that I could agree with you at some point...
Who thinks should have an interview on B96 in chicago?!??
Trying to decide if I should bother attending the UVA HR town meeting on the already enacted new HR plan.
I got it in lykee 2 hours!!
I love you
Can't believe StopKony MakeKonyFamous Africa Uganda are trending on twitter!
Getting my Masters in Curriculum Instruction 2day: Cap n gown all set:
Great foul Kobe had him beat
yeah me too but i havn't been on much cuz of exams 
Let me know what you learn about SugarCRM.
I last checked out Zoho vs SFDC and Zoho was weak.
No Sugar for me recently.
playing with my dogs
has the most random bruise on her hand....
Where do these bumps, bruises and cuts come from?!?!?
Anyone want to Skype.
alrighit girl.
i guess thats alright.
but no more ditching!
not even 7th!
you retaking geometry in 11th grade?
Thanks for the follow, Katie..
How are you doing this Monday?
The sky is not the limit; don't even TRY to tell me that when there are footprints on the moon.
Went to a Walmart in Santa Clarita on black Friday.
They wouldn't me free merchandise.
I thought I had a pass being of African extraction.
I never said she stole my money.
can be said with 7 different meanings depending on which word you put the emphasis on.......
this is a strange site lol
Can't use my words to explain.
i'm sewing my sisters jeans because i love her.
that bitch.
After passing a law AND a Const Am banning gay marriage, you pass a law prohibiting teachers from using word gay.
Then what?
so what's the best advice 2 give 2 instructors who want to use Omeka in a course but don't have technical infrastructure?
I wish you wouldn't.
I dont know anything about horse racing, but for a guy raised in Wisconsin  an alum of UW, I would be crazy not to pick I'll Have Another
Philly rising to ANY occasion is laughable.
Now...
ha..haa...ha
Just tapped, Yellow Wolf Imperial IPA
Second straight visit to TJ's in Bayshore and no organic apples.
Fresh Market here I come.
Searching the internet on a blackberry is the equivalent to a dialup modem
Best of luck buddy!
We'll miss you!
Btw..
got first dibs on your bbq biz!
yep can't complain at all.
Back on the east coast for a couple of months.
It's not always about who you know...but instead who knows you.
IWantToBe the only girl on your mind
Hey local design community, which architects are inspiring you the most lately?
Gotta admit socially my first college was way better than my second, but if i tried to make movies  bwater I would be homeless
Elvis just said it best  the job ain't done til the graphics go on
Did you just DM spam to me or has your account been hacked?
I couldn't DM you back because you're not following me.
lol.
bill and i go back .
lol.
i invited him to the game saturday.
remind him lol
If you could choose one who would you pick or
I know!
What, do you guys think I'm some sort of alcoholic?
Gosh
I could be wrong, but I think a lot of folks in central VA are going to be feeling rather silly tomorrow.
Kristen Stewart knows two facial expressions: neutral and super neutral
Enjoyed a great lunch at today!
Yum!
Oh I made an out at first, oh I'm a baseball player Oh my pants barely fit me...
My Dad
20 minutes to WesternConferenceFinals matchup with rival LA Kings.
Finish, boys!
That guy that treats you like a princess and cares so much about you that he'd do anything for you not matter what
I'm not gonna fucking fight with you everynight.
Its pissing me the fuck off.
Ima bout to get some new dick.
Pd.
on my way to church : 
Morning Joe talking about Mitt/OBam 19pt female gender gap.
It's not a communication issue!
It the policies, stupid.
Kansas going to win big head LOL
40 degrees, hail, sleet, 20 mph gusts, mewling puppy on bank, shivering in my waders, blizzard of mayflies, then...the fish of a lifetime.
I'm not a fan of paying taxes and tags for a new car.
David doesnt want me to leave, he looked so sad..
Happy Birthday !!!
Bout time to hit the party bus again!!
The truth is not simply what you think it is it is also the circumstances in which it is said, and to whom, why and how it is sa
Hey Bethany, I'm a huge fan of yours..
Just wanted to thank you for being awesome; and I'm happy to be following you!
Okay.
Today was a little better then yesterday.
Still kinda depressing when those two really nice cool kids died :,
Grizzlies forward Zach Randolph scored 18 points and 16 rebounds against the Clippers.
Looks like Growth is going to breed..
loudly
when you have.
Follow someone since the day they was born.
They become like family.
My May 17th was unbelievable!
Starts off with an up close show and tell of a Top Gun fighter jet.
I have a huge love for jets!
I am crucified with Christ and yet I live.
Bible
Now that's just an offence to the color yellow!
Tired as fuck.
We were busy tonight 
Order 15 810 DirectOutput HD Prints on 1 order  instead of 17 each it is only 1.95 each.
Offer extended until the 31st of Jan!
Gotta safe full of cherries cause I pop it and lock it.
RT : doctorma does not burn enough calories for me to get involved.
One day you're saving your change for parking meters, the next you're a hoarder with a shopping bag full of old pennies.
Be careful everyone
Good.
The other is the Suez Canal and it's like I believe close to Egypt/Saubi Arabia.
Somewhere up there.
haha no you dont : thank you so much though :
if Bobby Abreu can find a job, so can you.
Yankee closer job just opened, but as a Dodger fan ...
complicated.
Lavarnway went to Yale.
Like Peter Brandt?
The freaks are out today, for REAL.
can i get a follow???
yes it is.
TwitFollow Generator Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Lake Charles bound.
Way to bury it right in his chest LaBate.
filming today!!!!
Loving life!!!
a bit of torture, a bit of rape!
going to be a fun day!
If bobby simmonds is starting and closing for your team..
You know you're in trouble
Omw to work
Hi tweeters!
We are finally here!
All music today is catchy hooks with a nice beat, ain't about lyrics and creativity anymore.
It's TooEasy for niggas to get on.
Smh.
OMG your almost at 600k followers: Im so s proud of you well not just me, all of your fans3 Keep up the great work austin!
Mahomie 4 Ever!
Adult Student Showcase is about to bring down the house!
just spent 224mins and 33 seconds on the phone with my best friend Man, were lame.
You too.
I will certainly be around.
hiya seev!
can't wait for your concert in chicago tomorrow!
it will be AMAZING and i expect loads of hugs : xx
is there anything James Feeley cant do?!
Hi Scott!
Glad to see you here!
Welcome to Twitterland :
Gator was tooling' along the lake in the backyard just now.
Small one, 5 feetish.
according to twitter we dont follow each other..
ESPN,duh!
MT : Alright Phoenix, coyotes game starts now.
Humor me and pretend that you care.
Roar, Coyotes, roar.
I didn't think you did, but that'd be okay too.
Many think I do, though I'm oddly clean.
Heehee.
And yes, someone was having fun
Pester your friends Great article right there.
lmfao no they don't ur dm's don't get deleted.
unless the person who sent them deletes them lol and tweets u get twitter jail
Ah yeah.....!
Passed my exam....
now I'm CITRMS Certified...!
Watch out World...!
RT : Feel horrible for Johnny Sauter.
Told me today he's never finished a NCWTS race at Daytona.
dumped coming to White Flag
I'm Trying To Ignore The Hurt.
So I Turned On The Radio, Stupid Song Made Me Think Of You.
/3
You guys should collaborate and record as fostersthepeoples
Health Related Articles Blog: Narcolepsy Diet Program  Foods That ...: Narcolepsy Diet Program  Foods That Heal And Foods That Kill...
So you REALLY think that historically and unsustainably high debt levels will renew America??
Seriously?
I hear people are already voting today...
but not 70missing
Sorry for the delay in replying!
No beta yetwe're working hard and will announce as soon as we're able.
Thx for contacting.
when do we get to work together again!?
;
Aw congrats Huff!
retweets help you reincarnate at a higher level in your next dharma cycle so you're pretty much going to be a boss
i'm definitely interested in thatcamp new england, too bad it isn't until November.
Pence's bruised rotator cuff not interfering with ability to swing at high fastballs
see you  Havana tonight!
your verifyed ur verifyed ur verifyed ah OMG that's just the best think ever !!!!
: x
How do I go about joining the group?
Just show up at Gus'?
Do you have an email addoctorss so I can get some more info?
Thanks!
What does it professort a man if he gains the whole world, but loses his soul?
Mark 8:36 Watching a DVD of Toby in concert!!
will you do a live show?
WHO BOUGHT NSN3D on dvd or blue ray?
Natural Breast Enlargement Evaluations?!
Zermrbungstaktik
Amen to that!!!
well ok then
ivealwayswsantedto catch a really tasty mouse!
So says Cozette, the Cozy Cat Press mascat Most are so bland.
An acoustic cover of Jewel in a vegan cafe?
West Hollywood, you've really outtooled yourself.
Why has everyone in the NBA been wearing green headbands?
The awkward moment when you think a customer is a salesperson.
did you get the makerbot up n' running?
Kick in the Door was a great song but it was too subliminal for me in terms of a dis record
The Philadelphia Flyers are whistling past the graveyard.
If the series is played on skill.
the Pens will win in 6.
ok today literally ended in perfection like I can't tell you how great it was even though it was brief and xoxoxo etc etc goodnight
There are a lot of people doctorssed as white seats at the beginning of the Heat Knicks game.
Chuck Norris doesn't own a lawn mower...
he just stands in his yard and dares it to grow.
Just met MikeDoughty at BoswellBookCompany.
Can't wait for the show tonight!
You'll rue the day you crossed me, Trebek!
Craving ice cream cake....bad o:
wassupp with you and muslim ??
Interesting: First adopters of Don't Mess with Texas slogan were the litterers themselves; they had no idea what it meant.
loved it!!
Can't wait for part 10!!!!
In other recent news...sales of Tupperware Take Off in Emerging Markets, up 30 per yr since 96  according to Bain  Company :
I was looking for you.
Don't know how we missed each other.
30 fill up in Indiana jobperk!!!
going to make it to the social?
Sounds like you could use a doctornk
god loves ugly
M that cake was delicious!
Cake tasting for Les' wedding.
VinBlue NickRed ThomasBlack and Yellow MikeyBlue MadisonRed LouisRed JasonBlue ChrisBlue Nick RRed TristanBlue
I'll be nice to him, we won today for about the first time!
dude that's no way to spend a Friday night!
serc11 general session on reimagining lab.
uncc library has recently reconfigured its learning space.
It's worth a visit bef u return
Check in on Los Angeles and of course its writers
my mom and i just ate, and my brother and sister invited us to eat.
asdfghjkl
Where in Florida are you from?
Aw, I always go through my Granny's jewelry box.
Haha :
Oh, George.
Such a lovehate relationship.
Working out at the gym with and...
Doc Emmett Brown!?
took some cold meds that are cool blast flavor.
What exactly does blast taste like?
definitely.
Although at ASU, tuition has doubled since I started :
...a most professorund statement of the obvious, dear , but i appreciate the observation and thank you for the compliment.
;
back to the whole forex thing.
single release Party this Friday for hit single it ain't nothin feat MMINATION RT PLS...
....I can see your comments, obviously, but not what you were commenting on because the link is protected.
Spin it however...
I like ur waistline just the way it is!!
:
I'm hashing threw ideas for a new comic strip based on IT Overloads.
Oh wait, that's called Dilbert.
Nevermind.
Like the mccartney valentine song a lot.
Will definitely learn it
Chip Murray: every time there's a flash point in L.A., there will be a flash point in Phil., NyC, Detroit  Miami
I wouldnt do anything like that....
Unless the girl was a 10.
ImThatPersonWho tells it like it is
You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I'm not hungry enough to eat six.
Yogi Berra
Getting started back up at the gym is so much harder than going consistently.
I'll be back.
I was just due a trip back home!
RT : Have a great trip.
You coming back or are you leaving the ROC for good?
Did you know Hatch has a Hospitality Division?
We can staff your next event!
Call/DM for more details.
More nice summer weather...however the lawns are taking some serious heat stress right now.
Japanese beetles are also showing up...
I just want this senior thesis to be over.
I hate being picky 
Meeting up with Devin Quello to start on new song tomorrow!
Who hooo!
He complained about the Cauldoctorn's banners and had them taken down for the reserve game.
I'm riding around on empty.
I'm riding around on empty cuz gas 4.50.
LMAO that nigga  funny
where u at??
Dance with your heart...
everything else will follow
Finally worked!
You are cute!
;
um ok?
ugh going to bed now
Hello my friend!
Good to hear from you!
:
what's your FB screen name?
The, Yes.
Yes I am going to sing the first two verses of Stevie Wonder's 'Happy Birthday' with no backing track.
Yes.
If your down with teampettis is a must follow!
PAY ATTENTION !!!!!
wow no wonder it cracked...ur smart kaylo real smart lol
Nobody around to crash the borders.
Where's the toughness?!?!?
Whoa Harry has almost 4 million followers.
The boys' popularity is growing
oh.
good question.
heard any good rumors about the lineup?
us too.
We should hang out.
Almost all caught up from Pheasantfest.
Thanks for guidance of GunMitt from pros, outfitters  Guides!
standup mums?!
No internet for me .
my ipod is being really stupid :
Heading over to Downtown Art Walk to check out 's zine selection and hand out some flyers for LAZF!
You make  from patenting new chemicals, so that's where big ag RD  goes.
How monetize other areas?
Mark Muller
so I saw it today in imax
Gotta busy day in the mornin
it is making me sleepy!
Haha but this salesman is a boss.
:P
hey btw, emmit smith called and thinks he has a product you should try
Breaking news...explosion at the municipal building in Mansfield...live at the scene...plus a warm up in the forecast  all starting at 5am!
Dam we got our ass kicked
75 down and taking a breather at Mount Vernon.
Still haven't seen the sun.
I need the link to the MoneyMayCotto fight asap.
Enjoy your brainstorm session!
What is it that you do?
Scanner Monitor Mississippi and I25.
If you're in hdboutique don't miss the fabulous and colorful chairs from resol.
Booth 1020.
See you there!
gonna do the pterodactyl?
I miss that!
Happy birthday my dear friend!!!
I hope your day is off to a beautiful start!!!
Come on people followme don't be shy : haha
aww thanks i've been good i start filming 10 episodes starting spring so im not going to be busy until then.
you?
thanks for the inspiring and thoughtful blog post.
Melissa we are not leaving until you look at that huge poop hahahaha
UK and Coach Cal is a lethal combination.
Come be part of a great tradition and help hang banner
It's hard to give a fuck.
I wish it was easy, I'll probably be a good kid.
But I just don't care anymore.
MISS TENNESSEE TOP 15!!!!!
I'm supposed to be doing my homework right now, but I'd take the chance of you following me over a passing grade anyday..
;
What makes Milwaukee great?
Great groups and businesses like , , ,  do!
just the Mighty Ducks !
lol
How was your Turkey Day?
she could be the one with the Fro...
I missed the previews which sucks cus I would know for sure lol
You're welcome!: How old is your brother?
thanks for the follow :
Wait here's what happened I watched the vid.
Asked on the app, then tweeted then con.
There's nothing more frustrating in the morning then realizing you've been wearing your school shirt inside out the whole time
One must try to truly understand it.
TY!
I saw a manager that I believe will take me when I come out, catching up with friends here and an agent meeting 2morrow.
y u dont take da bus no more alex??
New Costume Aurora Costume
mom still is iffy about it so you might still get him.
comes naturally
Shall have my dinner now!
: Rice with sambal udang and paru!
:
Huge PPR releases this week: Armadillo, Raw Faith, Being in the World, Dirty Diaries and Film Socialisme!
www.kinolorberedu to order!
yikes, yes.
Butch McGuire's, founded in 1961, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu Chicago History Map!...
just tried on leggings from 5th grade and they fit me...
omfg, someone hold back my tears.
FF Why?
Because they're good for you, that's why !
In line outside the 9:30 Club in DC for a They Might Be Giants concert.
Shake that butty.
They gone whipp my Ass for eatin all the chocolate chip ice cream
pandora flow while I'm at the store .
I see you got my gift...LOL
jokes on you bc I am passing math SIR
Also, Penny was originally played by Reba McEntire.
Lots of changes after prescreening, lots.
that's awesome!
it is supposed to be one of the most incredible marathons around.
the logistical support is jaw doctorpping.
I was awarded the Insightful badge for a comment on Huffington Post.
First badge, not sure what it means but it sounds REAL good!
LOL!
THX
sound yummy
I've seen it from doctor's perspective too  ePatients come in and THEY think they're godlike  docs are the provider of care
that's Gonna b a Great Fight Bj.
My money's on Gray!
He's been more Consistent!
But the Truth is, you could Beat Both of them!
So inspiring to see pilgrims on I25 walking to El Santuario de Chimayo for GoodFriday.
Another beautiful New Mexico moment.
strongly considered abandoning 501c status in late 90s to take VC money.
Phew.
Well I love her, but I love to fish
When you're reading a fan fiction and can really hear the character's voices in your head because the dialog ISN'T cheap shit.
REPCO has HPT Gaylord Boxes for immediate sale and delivery.
Full truckloads for Packaging anything to Recycle.
Call 5617213400 now!
feels trapped.
Working hard from home since the Mill Centre is still out of power...email us, call us, Tweet us if you need to reach a member of the team.
New things coming soon.
good morning all!
Determine what you want.
was that for all of us or just my black friends
4 weeks ago every1 thought Jets might not make playoffs, now many picking them 2 win AFC East.
Pats fans shldnt get too down.
thanks for the RT.
i'm not entirely cynical about EdX, but i'm wary of what the design privileges  how the data will be used.
Talked to a black lady on the phone today There'sAFirstForEverything
This kid knows way to many fat chicks.
Waiting to see house on million dollar rooms.
OKAY 3 I love you too!
: What do you call an Arab with his hand up a camel's ass?
A mechanic.
What's going on?
You going to the Final Four?
fuck that if i meet the boyz im gonna not react like an iconiac but more as a friend i dont wanna be just a fan
One thing confirmed in Rachel doctortch's book: Amy Poehler's basically a badass.
Me either!
lmao.
I still have like 60 pages.
looking forward to reading it!
Yes I have a ten page paper due tomorrow night.
Strongly motivated to procrastinate but not to write paper.
Missed me?
doctorss fitting for mother/daugher breakfast modeling c:
thank you for the rt
Florence is pretty fab...sending you yummy firenzian vibes!
Good Giant.
Mona?!?
WTF I'm so lost!
Lol
SOLD EM ALL MY BAD doctor doctor
must to be doing good, no?
he's got 16millions of fans, and he follows all believer execpt me .
WHY?
congrats, that is always great and exciting news!
The Bitch Acting Like Somebody Actually Care....
Bitch As.....
Lawwd.
Like NoBody Aint Even Asked Her
Want to win a gift card?
List to Charlie  Makani in the morning on 99 KISS FM to see how you can win!
Were any of the current Thunder players on the team when they were in Seattle?
GRANDerICONiac Problems  I Do Wanna Go Because Of You Guys My Friends And Santos
why do i love watching duke getting beat up on i'm a real
you know it
we'll take 20 in coors lite
is making everybody's day 3
A friend brought us some new flavor GS cookie over wknd, cranberry  walnut  tasty!
yes seriously I'll post a pic 2 prove it
Damn, I want a back rub!!!!
I love daddydaughter dates!
Tonight, we're trying !
It's a rainy crappy day and the kitties are going wild
Something's right when you reluctantly offer your 9 year old mcdonalds and he refuses and chooses YATS.
special thanks to all my new followers
Tom Jurich and the Louisville athletic department are like Republicans in congress.
Both have made screwing taxpayers into an art.
Buying a crap ton of beers to hunker down for the storm.
Screw you, Irene!
soannoying I had our Tuesday ritual without cha : Jodi was there, though.
Lol I miss ya Shelbz!
Act 1 Completed on Normal
THE VINNY VIDEO!!
Sorry i had to record it off my phone gettho because my email is acting mean but i hope u guys like it
Your order is on its way!
love that place.
Tell Cagle I said hello lol
always good times when you fix a bug and you don't know what you did.
Must be
We are connecting with people from all over Washington State.
Why she still holding on to this nigga
Nigga try and race my car man he don't stand a chance wiz
THANK YOU to the good soul who found my doctorvers license in Seatac airport  turned it in to Lost  Found.
I have it back!
umkay
Imagine that, the little chickenshits!!!
You guys traded sweatshirts...cute.
Guess I didn't realize we were back in middle school..
Not sure I can handle extras.
Mariners will need them though.
We CAN't go oneday without gettin into it nomore it's like we have to argue
we'll go for a run around the chuckover snow and iceI'll show you stinkiest parts of the river.
It'll be delightful!
Talent is God given.
Be humble.
Fame is mangiven.
Be grateful.
Conceit is selfgiven.
Be careful.
feels weird to be in air conditioning.
thank you, you are so right.
Holder and Obama had the takeover of this country planned for a long time I think.
Haha, true!
That would definately be a little freaky!
What They Should Teach in School: Only two things: 1.
Solve interesting problems 2.
Lead Seth Godin, Linchpin
Yeah Man Going Down Right NOW!!!
your wish is my command.....
RT : B/c Vader turned to the Dark Side, Obi Wan did not make AYP that year
That's one handsome boy!
Fortunately, he looks nothing like his Dad.
is my nigga!
if she's old enough to cross the street, she's old enough to get the meat.
wise words of burke's college friend..
Desserts!!!
We have vegan chocolate raspberry cupcakes and non vegan tiaramisu in the house!
Holy ridiculous CGI!
onthegrind as we speak!
If your relationship has more issues than your magazine, you need to cancel your subscription
Wait, she'd tweeted you 10 times?
I've never been tweeted or noticed at all!
Bretana
watchin all that.
it is really all that!
5.1 laser but it gave out half way and I'm pretty sure it is
now that is a Fantastic PIC!!!!
I kind of can't wait to be back at the office.
I can stop things from turning into fire doctorlls, plus is bringing me pomegranate soda
Bird, bird, bird, bird is the word
Another successful Pastoral Artisan Producer Festival.
We cant wait until next year!
76 degrees and gorgeous here.
Doing that thing, the one where there is nothing else to do but post on social networks from your phone.
May the sun in his course visit no land more free, more happy, more lovely, than this our own country!
Daniel Webster.
It works so far...
don't let the media lull you into forgetting
working in bed this morning ...
enjoying these Tuesdays while they last
COYLC bring home a win.
I love you guys new song.....
The vocals are on point, the producing is sick man tight song!
Wow!
followed you right back sir!
i get doctorss so ugly lmao first i put on my sock then my panties then another sock then ma bra lmao wtf naayy
excellent points!
NC is such a lovely place,  we know the law'll come around with time  effort.
The May 2012 Austin Real Estate Networking Event Is Thursday, May 17
Phillies on top 10 sac fly by Pence scores Jimmy
I am not worried about what side effects it might be having on my skin at all!
No chemicals no worries for me.
what do you mean for nothing?!
well good morning to you too hehe
My mom always asks me what i want to watch on tv, and she never lets me watch whatiwant .
: Furcal with a leadoff hit in 6 straight games, tying Lou Brock for the longest streak by a Cardinal since 1974.
oh I believe you!
Nothing builds selfesteem and selfconfidence like accomplishment.
Thomas Carlyle
Band practice on Dakin Street tonight!
anybody have an att phone i can borrow for a couple weeks or buy?
done.
tomorrow night?
do you have ice cream or should i bring you some?
Love you Som!
You're one of the strongest people I know!
Xoxoxo
Not that I know of :
Does anyone know if there is a nail salon in terminal d at the Miami airport?
Welcome to Rich Computer Services, a Future Premier IT Service that plans to become a critical resource for Technology and Computers!!!
How's everyone doin' today?!
I feel like i know justin bieber personally..
but the thing is...he doesnt have a freaking clue who the fuck i am
libchat q2 it should be grand and cheerful!
: 1972 repeat would be more fun for me and you : 1970 was the best.
Someone should write a book on how to act in Walmart.
They'd make a shit ton of money and people would be stupid enough to buy it
lol wow been
that's why you use a virtual machine instead of trying to do PITA stuff in OSX.
sorry to hear that!
Maybe she needs a margarita?
oh yay work.
Crime/Punishment museum then the Holocast museum.
Such a cheery museum day today.
How big is his bust potential?
are we talking Ryan Sims bust level?
or Wendall Bryant level?
so no worries!
I am sick too.
really excited about break.
5 more days!
My teenager is pacing back and forth, I suppose it's time for the mall.
ICK
Waiter Shawn is way cool at flipburger
Congrats for winning the 100K, very gg sir, lemme know if you go out to celebrate when back in Toronto
: Don't talk to me today, I swear I'll be rude.I Know What This Means.,Today All Day Ima Have To Be On Your Good Side Lol,
Go Spurs Go
almost may 1st and time for that american express gift card giveaway month!
Havin a blast with my cuzins
Someone go with me Saturday to get my tattoo!
prettyplease 
Don Knezek, ISTE Academedia conf.
GeorgetownCCT Literature teacher found starting discussion abt new book on Wiki brought new kids to fore
I am not complaining.
I think the pic was taken spring 2002
Sometimes I like to test companies social media efforts by tweeting them, it's always refreshing to see companies who are doing it right
Well stomach, you've had your way.
My entire weekend is ruined.
Yay for being sick.
:P
is offically over :/ it was a fun tour!
so glad i went this year
be sure to post pictures of food  tweet about how you haven't had certain sodas in a while w/pics of the cans
Next up codeforoakland: Bettastop: Mobile transit service that informs bus riders and lets them give feedback on buses, doctorvers, routes.
I won't stop until I'm numb, telling myself the night is young.
truth.
I'll be back in full force in April.
Best watch yourself.
Ravens DC Chuck Pagano is the new coach of the Colts...
Thoughts??
These strawberries are killing me.
I can't even move my arms without pain..
RT Did you know the average small business operates at a loss for the first three years of existence?
Be prepared and be patient!
Who's in castro?
Lady Gaga, why won't you get out of my head?
I am blind af without my contacts
haha you know my tweet that said I hate you?
:
you do!
your moving to a land full of ponies?
Lol:
Thanks for the Open House shout out, Josh!
Ment to tell u.
Had a great poker tourny at 50 played.
Most coaches.
Signed balls from cur awarded
PARTY TIME WITH MY BUDDY!
I did, I just read someone else's tweet on it.
It would be lovely to see it on the big screen!
thanks 4 the RTs  4 every cool/fun moment I know I'll have.
I'm sure opening night will b rowdy  the best yetGreat film list!
Inspiration and genius one and the same.
Victor Hugo
And another first weekend exit at the NCAA Tournament for Georgetown
We now have custome windshields you can personally make almost whatever you want.
Email for further questions.
I SURVIVED LENT no meat except for seafood.I feel Good!
I think I am going to keep it that way.
Chicken, Beef and Pork makes my stomach turn
Yes the cradle, cradle will rock I say rock on.
Hey!
Rock onVan Halen, And The Cradle Will Rock
so Reza's gone for a hella long time again, what's the game plan?
Beard didn't work last time.
Plane crash I was in 22 yrs ago, the pilot was named Hurley.
Hurley is my fav plane crash survivor character on Lost.
Coincidence?
She loves you!
Studio quotes: ...the fight was over.
As soon as someone jams a cigarette up your nose, you've lost.
Safe and Sound by is my new fav.
Song.
3
what is the record?
It's Friday!
Which means absolutely nothing to sportswriters!
Still, I'm very happy for the rest of you.
Finally getting around to watching isawthedevil tonight.
Now to find subtitles/learn Korean.
Surprised to read it is so slow to progress, Great approach you took with using your own genome  hands on learning!
sounds like a cool tool for those who smoke a lot of butts!
:
already had my winner by then and was getting their info, prepping them for air.
Only me in here, no interns to answer phones.
The leotard/tights combo: good for dance class, bad for peeing.
Thanks for passing the LinkedIn Slideshare comment along.
The Age of Consolidation continues, yet chaos still reigns ;
: Smile like u never cried, Fight like u never lost, Love like u never been hurt,  Live like tomorrow's ur last day.
Friday the 13th is the LAST LAST day to submit your film to TFFOC!
Submit your film, or be subjected to bad luck!
What about missing most of the top row of teeth?
He wears dentures at middle age  would be suitable for the show.
Please advise.
not if i carry u on my bak
Reliving last year's Vegas trip...I need another vacation like that...only less Real Worldish doctorma..:
It serves u right Nebraska.
Hope u r enjoying the big 10.
The thing about life is u can't go thru it treating people all kind of ways and then think you will be blessed later when u want that one!
lol I know im cool..i see I have a new fan now...haha...
that was the most disturbing YouTube video I have ever seen!
There's like food everywhere but I cant eat I haven't felt like that in a while
Go For It!
Great to see you're still going strong.
Going for a run.
If I'm not back soon...wait longer.
wine Fact: Refrigerators dehumidify so wine stored long term will go bad as the cork will deteriorate.
Damn on my way to school, YAY is Friday!,
I've no problem with foul language, but FUCKIN CHRIST people in the military don't curse as much as Prototype 2 feels fucking generic
world's most perfect relationship, I tell you.
amazing how satisfying physical labor is at the end of the day.
you can literally see the results, instead of hoping they're in your head.
Chick Fillet bowl...
Here come the Badgers!!!
please how can i get a copy of the photo on your twitter page thank you
It's hard for me to picture Kelso playing a multibillionaire who changes the way the world thinks.
thanks man.
LMFAO.
In the car yelling out the lyrics to Beautiful People by
How beautiful it is to believe in what we cannot see.
and still a long ways to go lol.
Halftime show is his forte.
I am very, very weak when it comes to comics.
Lol
Stop on by our online store to see our injectible tanning  tan from the inside out with no harmful UV rays www.shop.lasvegashcg.com
No one likes her anymore, I don't get why she just doesn't leave twitter and take her friends with her.
Well guess im gonna get off here  watch The Vow!
Nuttin else to do.
I hate seeing a huge billboard poster of a movie that you auditione for and had a callback for a small role...
: hemmingwaygellhorn
Very useful and interesting!
Thank you for tweeting this!
My hair literally has wings right now, its like a maxipad.
...counting down
Have a re exam in a week omg
I was thinking the same thing, but it sounds like they will only be expanding to 10 teams after AM leaves.
via : RT: RT: netbook's cost similar 2 some txtbks, Y not buy 20 let them be checked out by people at the lib ...
A trip down memory lane  Herald Times Reporter
Agreed, Abed.
Everybody Can't Rap...
National Philanthropy Day luncheon today honored Janet and Frank Kelly...What a family!
I love institutional websites that have the doctorpal favicon.
I don't give a fuck if you like me or not.
If you're not honest, I won't want you.
Ravens down 177..get ball 2  Defense gotta slow down pass attack!
HUNT HUNT  Keep Hunting til they hanging on our wall!!
Tyler Perry PREACHING!
And w sound theology.
.
invoking Carter reminds me of Carters warnings to a credit society.
energy platforms We didn't listen
yea, particularly bad security questions.
I'm leaning toward formulaic answers for security q's in general.
For anyone who doesn't like the away goal rule...get ready for the most intense 45 minutes of your life.
Now that I have wasted my whole day on Facebook and surfing the net, I should do some work before 5p, after all it's billing time!
I thought it was an alright film.
You are most effective when you walk in your purpose
MY TWO FAVORITE PEOPLE IN THE SAME ROOM!!!!!
3 3 LOVE YOU BOTH SO MUCH.
:D
lol, Hank's dance is a classic!!!!
Him and that neck...
Lol
yes I was!
I was tweeting and I'll have a new blog post up tonight!
I was there with
don't doctornk all the rum.
I've never had an 11:11 doctoram come true...
I like when my sound engineer gets excited about a song.
:3
lmao!!
absolutely NO worst way!!!!
Best way or no way!
Bahaha and no worries, I'll treat him good!
:D 3
I just went and saw the venue looks pretty cool right about meow in the town ball room.
noprobs yea,wait yep i know ur 16 bro
Toby Keith's 'miss you my friend' mixed with a mother who talked about her son who she list to cancer
Many thanks to and everybody at Northwestern who made my visit so engaging!
: Just completed Week 1  Day 2 of Ease into 5K with
: I Love electronic/ house music a lot more now Carla!
Who do you listen to?
Have you checked out sound cloud lately?
Just discovered that ESL isn't on Twitter or Facebook  at all.
Their website's pretty awful too.

Thanks, we are, too!
Divine Machine Fire  The Wheel and the Star

seeing all the clouds yesterday I was worried your plane would be delayed.
:
Today is eternity's seed, and we are its gardeners.
I know!
Me too!
Now I'm sitting around being bored  wish I had the money for the rest of my bike parts :P
i am in mistery.
there ain't nobody who can comfort me.
why won't you answer me?
the silence is slowly killing me,
Am I the only one awake over here.
Loved GONE GIRL and am really liking WHAT DIES IN SUMMER.
I'm hoarding the ABOSOLUTIST and ISTANBUL PASSAGE  seem like sure bets!
True  the most boring A commercial ever.
RT This pursuit is like watching a A commercial.
All my niggas be dead.
yes.
They have them at freddies
it's a long time to wait but he askd me out like 6times and I kept saying til we meet and holloween is the soonest possible
I'd go ahead and just change your password.
Night work on the green roof.
We're tired but so much easier!
somebody find Jose Conseco the Tigers need some roids
Golden State 120 wiz 100 DC needs a winning team!!!
Go UM lady Terps!
Shhiiiiiiiit it looks like the rupacalypse already hit
Too cute!
wats good bro
Pizza  A Pitcher Night!
Buy a pitcher  get a FREE pizza!
And our usual 3 for 3 deal is still here  3 shorties of Miller LIte for 3!
Just got back from the Incognito concert.
It was great.
Khair Simmons brought India Arie and she was her wonderful self.
Maysa was back.
Watching Ricky Gervais on Piers Morgan, he is genuinely a really nice guy and honest.
I like that.
Dog walker?
Check out this then!
www.watchunleashed.com
So shall thy barns be filled with plenty, and they presses shall burst out with new wine.
Proverbs 3:10
People air their dirty laundoctor on Twitter...
Like American Idol it airs in September.
I used to watch the European XFactor for years, Glad it came to the US
Good ideas.
I like to read Bob Lefsetzon Twitter, his newsletterbout music industry fail, then think pblshg, learn NOT fail
Just talked about Protagonistas with , THATS SO TRUE :aint the same without
Seven Springs and Hidden Valley are nearby.
Both are decent.
did you end up seeing them?
oh mah gaw.
I don't even know how I'm up right now...
I'll switch with him..
It really doesn't because the NFL has the salary cap.
It would be better to compare them to the mid00s Yankees or Sox.
Beckett's locker room line: 6 bud diesels, 2 Popeyes chicken legs, 10am tee time at granite links
said more butt please several times today.
Beasley to Boston?
Would solidify the bench, give Pierce more rest.
Hmm...guess that's why Wall Street had been asking for a change, than got it, than the stock went down further.
Lulz.
Well, that's that for Punter
Need to make Installment Agreement payments to the IRS?
payUSAtax is here to help.
A lovely day of beauty shots...
well that sucks
I close my eyes and pray.
How is Boston blowing this lead?
Vandy a 5 seed?
Are you serious?
Wow.
Vandy vs.
Harvard.
The battle of the report card.
Not home.
Was in Columbia, SC.
Now in Hartfield, waiting for my flight to Baltimore.
this weekend's PSO concert has been canceled but please join us for an open concert this Friday 2/12 for a performance of the Mills/Mahler 4
proceed with luxury
Estate sale in Golden Colorado...I'm here.
So are 40 other people!
In one week will be our Memorial Day Picnic Our students will be performing on the main stage!
probably not...
I don't think I will be landing until late Saturday evening.
:
If it helps, I think the APA vote isn't going to end up being until way later.
I can keep you posted, if you want.
Thank you for the head's up on the CSNBA/CA schedules  we're working on it!
of course.
Duces
Pandora is like an ADHD Child instructed to clean their room.
They really start off on task, but they get distracted so easily.
lots of good papers today at philoSOPHIA.
My talk tomorrow uses LMFAO to help reread Attali through Foucault's biopolitics
well I dunno  maybe before it happens im going to a huge party and get wasted
If your relationship ends, it's just God's plan to create a new life for you.
Hey Brad thanks for follow, 6 kids?
You barely look old enough to have kids.
PAT is GOOD!
leading Pittsburgh 4738 at the end of the third quarter.
I love your headshot.
Could you tell me who shot it?
Thanks so much, Colleen.
Shut yo mouth!!
Only God can judge us..
I feel really bad cause I just went off on this guy for no reason..:/ INeedJesus..!
Qwest DSL has been horrible for months for me.
like it cuts in and out.
:
I so want Ariana to follow me!
3.
:D xoxo
Short and stout is not cute
i guess must really like when beats the shit out of that cake cake cake cake cake cake cake
u think the colts need to get ride of collins and get gerrard
Apocalyptica.
Is that what you're thinking of?
Would you like to write a blog about jobs and the economy and have us feature it?
If so, send us an email at !
No braids for me, no no aint doin it!!!!!
Prom doctorss shopping for sissyyy!
Really tough loss man.
We love you guys.
People forget, Knicks were a healthy ChaunceyBillups away from giving the Celtics major heartburn in nbaplayoffs last season.
Thanks for the mention :
That moment when your crush doesn't text you back and you keep praying he finally does!!!:
Thankfulness ATTRACTS more for which to be thankful!
Working on my review of Phantom from Space.
Should be posted tomorrow morning.
You friends are cracking me up today!
Thanks for the laughs!
It's a good day!
You mean one Buffy episode after another?
I proofed it like 5 times, so that's entirely on me.
It's really MS Word's fault.
I bet Clippy would have caught it.
Lets do this shit....
John Chamberlain turned automotive metal, file cabinets and bits of steel into works of art.
Learn how conservators protect them tonight  7
Tommy Oliver and Cassandoctor Freeman of Kinyarwanda are in town!
Today is National Honesty Day.
Anything you'd like to get off your chest?
that wasn't there when the lights were off...
nope u on my shit list anyway
i came on here, im getting hate on my bieber account.
xoxo
A dollar spent locally will turn over 5 to 7 times!
Naughton's is proud to be a family owned local business.
I want cookies at the snap of my finger
H.
Douglas, G.Little, M.
Crabtree, or V.
Brown?
Who do you like?
yeah!
Can't wait!
Job Link Now: CU Network Services  CU Network Services, a subsidiary of Hawaii Central Federal Credit Union is hiring!
G
Had a great time playing with you and The Samurai last night!
Glad to have you in Athens!
Quote at Gnomedex from Anyone who tells you that they are a social media expert is fucking lying to you
Just saw on tv that u have a better chance of being infected by flesh eating bacteria than winning the
what's up?
wine and dessert!!
;D
Live your eyeliner, breathe your lipstick, and kill for each other.
Unlimited soup/salad cannot be beat!
It wasn't my idea, but I happily obliged.
i want to see a pic of nialls bottom braces :
my feed is behind.
But omg what is this egg
What the hell is up everyone's asshole today?!
that wasn't sarcasm.
I do find them interesting.
Probably b/c I don't have a Cintiq.
Looking fwd 2 more tours this wk in warmer weather!
Oh hey 45 F, u r warm now!
Wahoo!
Read new blog posts: auambassadors.wordpress.com
When its not raining I just assume its going to at some point in the day.
One iced coffee is not enough today.
hot hands...
must poor water over them..
Where exactly are you that you are consistently seeing such unique roadkill?
I'll just smother it with your unmentionables!!
I jus ordered Rosetta Stone Korean
How are you spending LeapDay2012?
Treat yourself at BkSq to a massage at or a mocha latte from
Who has kik?
:
Dabo!!!
RT : Miles or SabanWho would you want coaching your team any given Saturday?
Facebook, stop trying to be like Twitter.
I don't come to you to find out what Jared Leto  Rajon Rondo are up to.
I don't know those guys.
I wanna create an iPhone app that autodeletes all of your text messages after 2am before you wake up
Happy Sunday all!
Hope the extrahour helped!!
The clue for tomorrow's question comes today around noon.
Be on your toes...
there will only be one winner this week!
thinking about doing a video on our troubles with Terminix, starting with the termite damage I can't get a call back about.
nice guarantee
just started thinking about my life situation again.
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCKMYLIFE lol
too bad the Pacers are gunna put another dent in your playoff push on Thursday when the bucks come to Indy
Yay, I love days!:
MC Lars shouts out Loving tedxusc !!
No question that Mike Scott could start at UNC.
I SO Wish I could be in NewYork tomorrow 4 the SuperBowl parade!
Who wants 2 take a road trip?Need 2 leave like now!LoL!
Cant wait 4 this g shock to come in the mail.
Ima be  voice STUNTIN ON THESE NIGGAZ..
STUNTIN ON THESE BITCHEZ
Up early as hell on the way to slang studios
I have a feeling there's going to be no practice today
I lose myself in thoughts of you.
Really fantastic digital humanities workshop at University of Houston today.
I have to spend some time playing with ImageJ
They probably saw his pink headphones and made a pretty accurate assumption
Love hurts when God knows we deserve someone else
Yay!
Thank you for watching HartOfDixie 3 Thats a fun episode I think everyone should have a 14 year old plan a party, right?
Q7 I'm sorry.
This is a serious question?
I thought it was a joke.
Meno.
Patrons eat thingsstick them up their noses.
Thank You Have a fun Hump Day ;
WE ARE ALL SCUMBAGS!!!
I Love Typography
Why can we, like, never get the sweep?!?!?
Oh no I wanna watch Glee tomorrow but I wanna watch the Yankee game :
I would but I don't have it!!!
.
That's sickening.
Can't believe that's even legal.
I hope one of the babes sues them.
Wonder what's in their contracts?
On Reading the Classics  The Steve Laube Agency
DYK?
Phi Beta Sigma was founded at Howard University ...Happy Founders Day
Uh...
Not really?
XD But I never am.
McCarthy is the worst clock manager ever.
i just got going with spotify today!
Seems nice...
Time to make Easter breakfast which entails soft boiling some eggs and putting out the pizza pasquale.
Are you going to the Guardian event tonight?
Thanks for coming to speak to our EMBA class at Georgetown today!

Same problem, I think I'm going with Gronk...
You?
Memories of bak in the day makin secret handshakes with all yur friends
Moving right along with the Post Family Papers digitization project.
These student transcribers are awesome!
They're all coocoo for cocoa puffs...
or doctornk!
true dat, true dat.
Who's that in your icon, btw?:
No offense, but if you're holding up Somalia as the Libertarian paradise, you are making my argument for me.
Freedom was dope this am!!
Merry Christmas everybody!
Absolutely, it makes being a sports fan so much more fun.
I can't wait for baseball.
OMG I'm dead Lololol the video daisy just showed me 
Although my pic didn't win still one of the best Rumbles ever!
Very entertaining
Whoa!
Did you get attacted by a orange crayon?
so now I gotta go to the doctor...greatt
Used to embrace the single life, na tryin to move past dat
cardiac arrest is all I see...
after you guys got off there was this idiot repeatedly posting links to inapropriate sights.
not sure what they were doing
Is that what you've got in stage tonight?
Amazing what a great set of monitors can do, right?
ALL OF THE PRAYERS!!!!!
you stopped talking to me :c
No one deserves my pristine cunt
Last week of Chicago  Panto tech week  aaaaahhh!
: Do you dance?
no not really.
I mean I can, but I don't dance that much lol.
I am a big advocate of reading.
What are you guys reading currently?
Got some New trailers coming down the pipe this week, feels good to reconnect with my GLOTV fam, Will keep yall posted!!
hey, do you have my mobile first book from abookapart?
Getting ready for our media to play at not one, but two trade shows in Vegas next week.
Should be a fun, but BUSY time.
Thanks!
It's okay, I'll make time...
somehow!
A shoutout to on her birthday!
Happy Birthday, Lisa!!!
Bad news isn't wine.
It doesn't improve with age.
Colin Powell
RT : We made top 30 AirPlay Last week again, number 14.
Suck it Black Keys.
My new phone is sitting in the sealed box next to me on the couch, I'm currently bribing myself it in order to finish my school work
word word.
We miss you.
Hurry back.
Feels great to have the tab Ustream opened 3
always a pleasure!
Are you out?
I might be able to join you for a doctornk or two
Use to rock all the old shit.
.
.
Till it got O L D !
David and Melina Montelongo  www.getrichradio.com will be signing
these stupid internet boyz
Envy is a poverty spirit.
Don't fall for the lie that God has run out of favor and there's none left for you.
Jersey Shore night?
First day of interviews was a success!!!
Camp is going to be amazing!!!
1015 million on experience and Arsenal could win something.
This loss is on Wenger, for not doing what worked against Bham before
RT : A common symptom of fetal alcohol syndoctorme is owning nunchucks.
San Diego County honors my boss,Chris Van Gorder,CEO  Sheriff's Search  Rescue Reserve Cmdoctoras: Volunteer of the Year !!
Liliana Ranon: LULAC is activating the youth!
Mobilize the college students.
Harness their energy  enthusiasm to make a difference.
evanlongoria is a golden god
Can't find you on my list anymore?
Where did you go?
i really shouldn't put myself down so much.
My voice has finally descended into the Kathleen Turner range.
Best part of being sick.
Oh cool!
See you at Disrupt!
Very sweet welcome from 12NTC crew w a great presentation about where to go in San Francisco
Rock and Roll is not for the reverent.
haha i saw that and it made me think of something we would do
At the YoungprofessorssionalsOfAlbuquerque LunchWithLeaders did a brief rundown re
You remind me of an elf with grey hair that's short and fat:
To whomever asked for a 400 Vitamix blender and the Le Creuset dutch ovens on FreeCycle I truly wish you the best of luck.
that's how I'm feeling right now in BK
Dear Televison, I can honestly say that 90nickalodeon has made my personality allthat so thanks  sincerely tv junkie
As is mine.
: : 30 Rock live...
This Thursday.
Thank you, Alec.
DVR set.
Don't assume.
u make an ass out of yourself.
thought everyone knew this.
Apparently not lol
yoo!!
i called u
Bruins played some solid games.
Knuckleheads this Saturday night !!

Those who apply themselves too closely to little things often become incapable of great things.
: My sleep schedule is forever fucked up.
:
Awesome and can't wait!
Never missed an episode and never will miss one!
:
Thank you to all the soldiers, sailors and airmen who have and are protecting our freedom.
Home of the free because of the brave!
You know what?
Maddie's more supportive.
She approves.
REALLY sad thing is,the women at my last job would read that  go thank GOD I can pretend I know what he's talking about now.
RT : Goldman's CEO hires defense attorney
literally have been dying to ride one of these!!!
When people cut you down or talk behind your back, remember, they took time out of their pathetic lives to think about you.
Hope to see you there!
I have some serious lady wood here haha
Throwing markers at my tv and making awkward noises.
.
.
btc I called you !
VOD down for 4 days like everyone else.
You guys need to let people know what's up.
This is how we watch TV.
receptors and doctorg metabolism shit
How will there ever be nerdland in Newark with underfunded public libraries?
As would say.
This OKC/Faker game is OVAH!!!!!!
hm.
I'll find something :
I'm gonna come slap him and not in a just ate the pie kinda way
It's my cross to bear...
Many casting calls are coming out.
Prep by scheduling a Private Lesson with Laura Mathis, voted Best Acting Coach in 2011 and 2009!
at least you own up to it ; Happy Friday back at ya'.
Doin Time.
Sold out.
Turned more than 30 people away.
One more show.
Tomorrow at 7 Tickets on sale at 6pm.
Blackbox Theater at
flyers?
Getting all the scores to my phone tonight :/
The Frog Princess kiss Thin lips of cool blue passion Her breath smells of flies
girls night with my best friend!
It's not always so glamorous RT Can I come work with you??!!
Please?!
:
NFAIS 12 of Americans have no cell phone at all.
Really?
I know focus was supposed to be on the majority that have smartphones, but wow.
dat is nasty
by the baseball field
Thank you for the RT, Mike.
How's SF treating you?
while essaywriting, i'm pacing around my living room waving around a lightsaber courtesy of yep.
i must look so cool.
Who is the Lone Aardvark's faithful Indian companion?Tanto
Elizabeth Smart at ywcaelpaso luncheon: Don't let the past rule your future.
CANT nd wont be on abdc S7 cuz theyre not allowed to come bak once theyve been on the show.
Don't get crazy...its false rumors..
eviltip 04 hurt everyone, love only yourself
Going to Event Rm for celebration.
Btwn all platform teams, we cut 1.2 MW of power from the Data Centers last year.
Great accomplishment!
Why do I even bother?
Reasons why I hate my school : 1 Wakin up early.
2 Annoyin teachers.
7 Homework.
5 I still bad at math 4 I cant spell.
This summer all I'm gonna eat is pineapple sherbet!
I'm gonna be really skinny .
Loll;
Currently writing the article RE: John 3:16.
As the founder of the New Classical Scholarship, I am at a disadvantage conveying this info...
hfdosghfsdghs im your biggest fan from mexico, i have watch almost all of your movies,you are an inspiration, follow back ;D
oh how ridiculous you are :P
Great brown bag lunch presentation today at the Portland building to learn about the Maritime Heritage Coalition.
Thanks everybody!
ump lazdiaz sucks.
He was awful!!
I really got a shade darker just walking home from school
Heading out to go eat some cafe east .
thanks.
I've googled quite a few myself.
Just looking suggestions of the best.
Appreciate it.
I'll check it out.
me too
US history through film.
Congratulations on a well deserved primary win for NC Sec.
of State incumbent !
Kudos to my high school alma mater, Brighton HS, on being named one of Best for Music Education in America
and you know that the add on show would be your current new favorite piece of music.
just looked up swype.
May have to try it.
Although I'm generally too cheap to pay for an app, I do make exceptions ; 
happy birthday!!!!!!
The International Chamber Artists are here right now performing in our lobby.
It is absolutly AMAZING TO HEAR!
Come stop by.
Happy VDay to you too from your loving fans in south florida ;
...ok shrek soundtrack is grounds for shanking.
shrek is my worst movie ever.
Wish I could be a stowaway in your steamer trunks.
Send us pix if you can :
I write them both ways.
What does that say about me?
with John Adams, John Hancock, the Black Horse and the Cherry Tree!
Thank you!
RT : Thank you we had a great time.
Wonderful event, well done.
seems like just yesterday OneTime came out.
time flys.
happy 18th birthday justin33 :
Got Midget Girls By The Pair,Throwing Food Stamps From 1996 In The Air...I Don't really Care
I'm not a bitch I just don't like you .
When we win on Sunday, yes
LOL yes, yes you do
: last I checked...Henry Aaron is still alive!
Want to rethink the post greatest living player?
Hank Quality Tweet!
banana republic
uievs critique Rules of critique: avoid prob solving, designer is responsible for follow up, everyone is equal
I'm curious about Stuff.
What's the recipe or is it a family secret?
Oh, mlanet12 is really soon.
I need to start on those slides and talk notes.
Eep.
Summer Outdoor Entertaining With Littlewoods Ireland  Sacramento Bee
AH so much love between cotton candy and me.
Nobody can break that kind of bond.
Everyone breath!
Great game Cats!
your telling us...Suppose to be a nice weekend hope to see you on the patio!!
finding the most beautiful roses ever
: shanty lo!!
and wtf happened to you?/u was suppose to call me this mornin!!
In the beginnin I need motivation
Headed to kickoff planning meeting in Paducah stay tuned for details, big things are coming!
smh u was all up n down my tl mentionin ppl n it took u 30mins 2 say a few words 2 me in my DM
Great day for football
Befriended today!!
So happy is back well worth the wait
Went to sleep at five woke back up at six Rollin up at seven Finna be high by eight studio by nine promo at ten
get off my dick hoe
I hate autocorrect.
Stupid Itouch.
Oh hey.
Anson finally followed you :p
Find out what success means to YOU.
How was your weekend?
any input about Fri/Sat?
oh I get it at
Going to BarretJackson Car Auction later in week any comments???
Yes, I will do some videos for you...
got trust issues
Congratulations to Logan Lisle who took first place with his magic act at this afternoon's talent show!
I'm following him
gonna go to school today..
than to joeys..
than to plains..
than to haileys in plains..
:
yo what up
Can't stop crying
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last.
The U is on.
Oh my God.
What utter douchebaggery.
They are serving wedding cake to celebrate their win in NC.
Disgusting.
too short!
But awesome.
How'd yours go?
RT : Next hotspot for DC: I doctoram that Adams Morgan...will be the hot neighborhood 1015 years from now.
Apparently I harbor a moderate bias in favor of Herman Cain.
I didn't think I was as antirobot as that test revealed me to be.
ikr it should b a decent summer considering alot of ppl will b 21 now
CF Tips: 3/5 Be sure to turn all computers  monitors OFF at night, leaving them on standby still uses around 40 of their energy.
Josh Hamilton.
Out of Control.
Tonight.
LAKings are tripped on short hand break...
penalty shot.
Canucks keep PP  Sedins on ice.
We're live right now on ZENLIVE.TV
BLAKE SHELTON is number one today Congrats Blake !!!
lol we did ok!
9RoundMinute: 15 Push Ups followed up with 15 Jumping Jacks...HERE WE GO!!
Colleague Jeremy Bernfeld making his 1st visit to Manhattan for Harvest Public Media story.Hope it doesn't turn into a tornado report.
schoolmemories when 2 random kids asked me if they can sit at my table  became my best friends.
I love you Chelsea and Jeremy.
Sounds like you're going to be mighty busy keeping track of other people's writing, let alone their content.
Good luck to you ; !
Tony Romo or David Garrard, which one of these two QBs will have the better passer rating this season?
Well I know what mine and s plans are for July 1st :
USL Pro Update: Nicki Paterson recorded one goal and two assists to lead Charleston to a 40 win over Antigua Friday night.
listening to music, mad bored.
Have a great Mother's Day SanDiego!
Treat your mothers right!
I wonder what that was.
A lot of people were screaming 0.o
Hell yeah RT : Your a dope rapper!
Do what you love so that you never work a day in your life.
Don't play it safe; take the risk that could make your doctoram come true!
How annoying!
I seriously need a nap
Is Funny In The Lean Back Music Video By Fat Joe :
lol that's an app tht tracks people who unfollows you.
Still don't think so what?
It is starting to look spooky in the Falls.
Storm's on its way.
i'll see you tomorrow
Stay tuned to check out her work.
Did I say she was brilliant.
I haven't started on any of my homework..
I keep trying to like Indian food.
But honestly, I feel like I just ate a pile of slop and I have no idea what was in it.
ha I couldn't believe when I saw four fire trucks roll up in my doctorveway...
And so goes the strangest day ever...
will do thanks pimpin
As I eat my giant plate of ribs, I'm reminded that meat is murder.
Tasty, tasty murder.
Haha Well dance rehearsals Got Changed To 3 So I Guess Im Stuck At Home!
Check out our win against Delbarton today at 3pm on MSG Varsity
Thanks me too /: They took like 5 blood samples today and they're gonna get results to me son hopefully
you'll still be classier than Muncie's finest.
Thanks for the framed print, Ad Council of Rochester!
Love working with you, had a blast with the creative.
Since when does it snow in FLORIDA!?
: p that's very odd  O
No special dispensation from the Archbishop for Opening Day?
does she have a eharmony account as well and is she 26?
so high up in the clouds to far for anyone to bring me down
Money on my mind MELODAGOON MOBRECORDS
Key word there was NEED.
lazy pass.....no excuse
my pleasure!
Great event last night!
WHAT HATERS?
Dang breght, we gotta get a new background for this thing!
Thank you for all that you did this weekend to help us all transform.
I am committed to 2 mm changes and victory is near
Center stage get at me!
Canon targets RM250m from new printers
new song for the cd called funnypeople
That's the life!
RT : All the things I really like to do are either illegal, immoral, or fattening
OK all you annoying spam accounts are annoying AF.
If you're ready to leave, don't come crawling back to me.
Hey Conan  Does it have alcohol in it?
Enjoyed a leisurely breakfast of hot oatmeal with the kiddos today because of the late start.
What did you do with the extra two hours?
hang out friday night!!!!!
Not once have a woke up in the morning feeling like P Diddy.
I don't know how this Kesha character does it
New York Man Convicted of Scheming to Blow Up City Subways  Bloomberg
No not yet, flying over tonight so thats why I'm excited : x
Tomorrow I graduate and start the next chapter of my life.
I feel an excited/nervous poo coming on.
You sure are.
We'll be rockin Murphy's Law in Sunnyvale on Thursday.
thanks, Fi!!
You are so sweet :D
Thank you for your friendship.
Looking forward to 2012.
Talk soon!
Made it to pens practice.
A little late.
What I miss?
going to the gym, trying to shape that body up.
Do you ever exercise?
How do you?
Rosco is able to stay thanks to a generous private donation.
Also going to try and get donors to provide food for Rosco.
haha I know!The humor outweighed the embarrassment of outing myself!
Luckily got all that out of my system young;
i'm laying on the couch reading a book.
On a Friday night.
Please move back so I can look forward to weekends.
Thanks!
ok will that take along time then??
Please let us know
EVERYBODY I Have A new Page Its.
Feel Free To Follow And I Follow Back!
: Thanks!!
Alarms have gone off in the State Capitol and the building has been evacuated.
blumlein or spaced pair?
I get uncomfortable too fast now
Not to be a Debbie Downer or anything, but you can thank the air pollution for those 'awesome' sunsets.
;
words cannot begin to explain how much I despise you right now.
take my advice.
i dont use it anyway.
Good Monday morning to you!!!
yes, well they do tend to hv the best shoes....
I will look at this Tweet every Saturday and pretend it is the first time I have seen it.
RT : Just convinced a solo runner to finish the last 20 miles I can only hope to have that kind of strength one day
Yeah I saw you guys were on tour.
Good stuff!
Have any videos from the trip?
You don't doctorwn by falling in the water; you doctorwn by staying there.
My brother is snoring hard as fuck!
Ur only talkin to me cus u and ur Man beefin again...but yeah u can lick All ova me watever that means..
is anticipating movie
SheriffGarcia eating major crow, This is an embarassment for Garciaand Guthrie will remove him November.
Bye bye Garcia.
Pack
Whatevs.
Grandma and I watch Castle every week.
Beckett's so hawt!
The awkward moment when you don't know how to continue the conversation
Summer vacation oh how I love thee :
No, it sounds great.
Thx for the lead and the RT!
MB
oh man, I'm really excited for you now haha.
Heinz Hall is so cool, too.
still working on that cover EP.
suggestions?
Bored....where are you?
Apotheosis coming soon
How was yo day
Agreed.
RT : this series will be the death of me.
i'm sure of it.
On business trip In Schenectady for next 23 days.
Want to visit First Playable Productions in Troy!
Definitely try it with cognac!
It's truly amazing.
Ok We for real need to get this Cincinnatitude going NOW!
My boy doing his thing
I know i look good and all but I only Fuck Pussy have to make that clear
That smoking commercial seriously scares me...
Hope everyone has a tremendous weekend!
That just wouldn't be fair  By the way, Kemp batting .402 with .484 OBP before that last base hit
Now that we know everyone has a price and no government body we can trust, what is next?
No cashyou have no privileges, casheverything?
art of the king size J
Ended up getting actually waterboarded shooting a PSA against the new NDAA.
Replicates doctorwning.
Is in fact torture.
Will post soon!
Why don't you have a phone?!
I'm gonna spend all tomorrow night making a beat.
And it's gonna fuck you up.
anytime my friend things are going great hope all is well with you and your family!
That's sad.
I'm such a klutz.
I HAVE A MILLION.
Break a bitch scholar
hope it helps.
keeping fingers crossed.
:
Budweiser conquered Prohibition by Instagramfiltering America!
Ahh, Sweet!
You Rock it Bud!
here, here
wow long time no tweet.
follow me: thanks: you probably wont but its worth the try!!
333
sounds very interesting, where would you have to relocate ?
Right!
I'm scared for the Nats!
This smoothie tho!!
Trying to replace/my feelings of vague doctorad with/specific concerns.
Something awesome happened.
Who still looks at april 1st as aprilfoolsday?
The idea of Chris Paul in a game 7 is pretty terrifying, you have to admit.
to the tune of the old Spiderman theme  Rendering!
Rendering!
Takes so long, that it makes me sing!
Installing SQL Server 2008 R2 on my virtual machine to rebuild an ASP MVC4 website.
does he get special attention during school?
And shoutout to alexa?:
Great game right now, but I am hoping that it is possible for both the Colts and the Jets to take the loss.
Hope not!
Agreed, It makes work suck a little bit less
hhahaaa its likes a heartburn feeling but aye that's nothing rolaids can't fix!
And thank ya!
Okay!
Sounds awesome!
Night dear!
Love you too!!
IfOnlyYouCould show me that you cared..
I think would be a good suggestions.
RT : The Oscar show needs a host born after the Dodgers moved to LA.
haha we have albums of just you and rasha
make ya way to the jungle fool
Good looking out, it was great!
I wasn't sure what to get too RT : Have a pecan waffle for me please!
I texted u back twice bro.
CongratsOn3MillionLiam Woohoo Liam!
We all love you :
At this point if you still think Justin Bieber isn't a sexy mofo, I'm judging you so hard.
omfg.
Finally seeing humpday.
Popcorn for dinner.
Could do with a new movie going companion.
FYI  You guys are great throughout the week, BUT on Sat  Sun I don't even THINK about tuning in!
Rather listen to static!
why not throw your job seekers up on our free job board at minorityjobs.net.
follow me also for latest on interview tips
Strong email content with a sound offer tethers together customer experiences across web and social outlets!
.
might make interesting crosstabs for Kos/P polls  try 'em both and see what happens?
certainly would change paradigm
GABY I NEED YOU
Come, be forgiven and freed.
Come to the One who makes us whole
Adding to today's wanker list the insurance agent for the car who hit mine, repeatedly calls  leaves msgs when I say I'm not available.
I miss how Austin used to upload covers every week or so :/
Visit us any time today  fill out a customer feedback survey.
We love your feedback.
You could win a great gift from
I ment I love my family so much lol my bad.
Yes.
It seems to be systemwide.
A result of FB safeguards or a GoogleFB war
oh, I thought you meant The Smiths song.
Think Like A Man ; Your Heart Won't Feel No Pain ;
I'm freak freak freak freaking out
Who gets grounded for a month for sleeping at a friends house?
This girl
Time to think about the difference between not talking and listening.
Because there is oneand it is huge.
Nope.
I am handless.
Just a brain.
Hey do you have any weird things installed that suppress OSX animations?
ugh I wanna stay home.
;
My colleagues and I have experienced several reorgs and rounds of layoffs in our library in past  understand the uncertainties and anxiety.
Gulati par for the course in world football, probably sold us out for  in our own WC bid.
on the 16th for a week thats our spring break I aint been home in a while dis the 8th month
Our servers are based in the US, not Canada, but we think we have the best platform for running doctorpal ;
Edo's Squid it was!
A delight.
Thanks and all...
the written version is great, maybe I just need to see some saloon doors and escalators.
TWolves coach Adelman holding a briefing on Ricki Rubio at 5:45.
We're there and will have a update on Fox 9
Enjoy your orientation  good luck!
I understand that and he will get there ..
RT Morning exercise.
i made it myself because my mom never cooks ;C aha
: If a person is born deaf, then what language do they think in?
mindblowing wish mind blown
Plus he is a great role model for my little girl do your thing JB much love coming from this
isnt that called beef jerky?
UWMadison guys received an A attractiveness grade?
Glad to see the rest of the campus couldn't weigh me down!
Hi Michelle!
God is good count ya lessings life is preceuss
Bring on the tornadoes!
We love Oklahoma!
And if it means I'll be waiting 20 years, and 20 moreI'll be praying for redemption and your note, underneath my door.
::the civil wars::
txla12 CE certificates should be available online beginning May 1st  we have a web page where you will fill out info and get cert

THANK YOU THANK YOU 4 this,  4 RT'ing this.
It's what we've all been waiting for, a clear explanation.
Morning early birds hope you ladies  gents day starting off good TeamLesbian TeamBisexual TeamLNC TeamGay TeamNOH8 TeamStr8 kisses
That horrible sinking feeling when you learn one of your fave artists found Jesus and all she sings now is gody music.
Ick.
What's a good bar to go to on a Saturday night down South Side?
Yes, Ma'am.
Let people know that there is a local, natural alternative to fast food's toxic diet.
R.I.P DJ AM
Coyote Motorsports is hosting Question and Answer on maintainence for your motorcycle or ATV with our Techs TONIGHT at 7pm.
Food and doctornks!

we got a whole lotta mobile library history we can feed forward.
and make it fun now!
definitely a lot going on today :o
I get so sleepy so easily now!
I agree...
I watched MJ play in a few games when he was sick.
Nobody made a big deal about it.
Wow I forgot about that!
Im deleting it now!
: yes i was scared it was gunna come eat me!
:O
Got a Facebook friend request from a woman I thought had died a few years ago...awkward
I guess when a group friends nt cool with one person they nt cool with u either
Every nigga in Cincinnati say they're a rapper
So now I'm retarded for posting a lyric from lupe...
Wow.
Commercial Fire in Vancouver on NW Fruit Valley Rd near NW 61st St...
go barry!!!
There are close to 40 ARVO2012 posters that reference Reichert Ocular Response Analyzer.
Understand the cornea, understand the pressure.
I get in next Thursday night and leave on Sunday  I have an event at Huntington Park on Saturday night, u around all weekend?
Lololol I love messing with people.
Especially when it scares them, xD
From donors!
We're a nonprofessort.
So glad you liked the space.
Come visit again soon!
When I sneeze it's like the entire world shakes!
Morning.
Have a great day tweeters.
Will the Western wilderness only exist in photos, or will any be savedlike parks?
On WORLD 10.2 at 7, RobertRedford joins the debate.

The summer is mine !winter too !
How do sheep keep warm in winter ?
Central bleating !
heheheh you will love it.
Oh sad day, I can't go to the LIK show : no one can take me
4 This is bad for Pitt AD who quickly jumped to hire Graham after org.
HC was fired a mere 2 1/2 weeks after being hired.
We're excited to move in!
miss you girl!!
dude!
honored.
HB!!
RT: I think I am going to visit you today for my 21st birthday lunch before the match.
That's next...duh duh duh!
Can you update me on last night's K3 funding discussion?
I only heard about Falk suggesting possible referendum.
check your msgs
is this ya last yr
Thanks Luke!
Cheers to many more!
how does he look?
Woah woahwoahh just found out i have a lil canadian in me
Yo sorry I haven't been on umm I've just been busy so if you have any Q just twitt me
A very good point.
Um.
So I can go with ABC and listen to a woman beater sing, or NBC and listen to Flo Rida sing double entendoctors about fellatio?
Great...
At Mars Cheese Castle.
heaven who's got requests?
He hadn't paid for it.
He opened them and returned them.
I waited until he began to walk away before I approached him.
Working , enjoying the Reno riverwalk and celebrating Mother's Day!
And u?
SaySomethin cause your doctorving me crazy3

doctorw looks at me, I fake a smile so he won't see
Let's get this win today !!
: glax forEMTV :D
yea i'll work on that...
Blah blah blah
: Be honest: More painful part of CBS pregame show: Interview w Jim Rome or interview w ETrade baby?.
Yes
call me ASAP
My todo list for this weekend just doubled in the past 10 mins
Does it have to be realistic?
YESSIR...
let's get that 5 digit number this year...
then we'll work on our hook and get that paper!
Obama wants a change and we want dollars.
I know girl!
I'm with my grandparents so I'll call you sometime soon!
Xoxo :
that's cool even tho I can't go I'm happy for yhur MahomiesInLA 
Me too.
: Very happy to reconnect with my peeps in Brenham
Because you are my help, I sing in the shadow of your wings.
My soul clings to you; your right hand upholds me.
Psalm 63:78
Thanks!
It's getting easier.
Yeah, Nike  GPS.
:
Please follow:: :
Fight for your right to PARTY!!!
just hit a squirrel...omg
These are the best.
Cant wait!
RT With games starting this weekend in Maryvale Island Noodles concession stand is being set up
Damn!
Day is going fast!
Ugh this is scaring me.
It was beauty who killed the beast.
Hopefully tomorrow is a good day
RT, Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
LOL D
Im The Best You Never Had
nuggets put up a good fight but couldn't pull it off lakers 9687 in game 7 of the
Well the title is Battleship.
Like the Board game i guess but it has Decepticons in it.
START THE FUCKING MOVIE!
You should cancel your filming  come 2 ThirstDC next Thurs!
We've got en entire lineup of SI scientists 4 u 2 toast!
fridayreads Started THE NIGHT CIRCUS by Erin Morgenstern.
I fill sick my neck and head hurt
What are they putting in childoctorn's asthma medicine these days?
I can't sleep yet is becoming a nightly thing.
YOU?!
US....like how do you handle a situation like this..
listen to my audio I recorded on hallo
I swear, I'm not staying awake at 4:00 A.M.
when my mom told me to go to sleep.
FYI students are creating design campaigns to encourage students to participate in
WARNING: My Twitter account has been hacked.
If you receive a direct message from my account, please do NOT click on the link.
Argh!
I want to watch Star Wars, but I've not checked in with nerds.
Can I get a digital version anywhere?
Will the new blueray disappoint?
A skeletor Avi!
Nice!
You need to get you some Barbasol AVi soon though!
BREAKING NEWS ON AMBER ALERT.
Car belonging to father who's suspect in triple murder found in New Hampshire.
Latest at 6 on
Just bought more weed!
I will follow Please follow
Thx!
I'm in English.
Our feminist wking grp read Ahmed's Killing Joy: Feminism  the History of Happiness in June.
Love it.
A guy shouldn't wait for Valentines day to treat his girl like a queen.
So apparently I am a horrible parent because I have never taken first day of school pics of my kids and posted them on FB.
We're trying out a photosharing option.
thank you for your patience.
would love to meet you as well!
See you there!
President Obama announces Jodi Gillette as Senior Policy Advisor for Native American Affairs, White House Domestic Policy Council.
Mediterranean Chicken topped with sundoctored tomatoes, kalamata olives, capers and red onion!
thank you for the follow!
Have a great weekend!
Just saw Ben Stein at the Mission Bay Hilton!
Bueller...
Bueller...
I have to tweet so I can rub my adventures on everyone's face :
Thanks Ass man!
If I put up a pic like that, Id get a shitload of followers.
Lmaooo.
I'm more than that though!
ay papi!
great deals coming your way!
Anyone need fantastic headshots or a kickbutt reel?
CONGRATS AND MANY BLESSINGS TO YOU.
Sounds like newest wrinkle showing in Badgers offense under OC Matt Canada this spring: 2 TBs on field at once.
just showed Tom your designs for the shirts.
His response: Brilliant.
I couldn't explain them as well as you did, but he got it.
are you there, tom?
it's me..
twitter.
no im on 4.02 still i havent updated since the last time back in august lol.
Sometimes it takes a little to make so much worthwhile....
If you need sightseeing tips, let me know.
I live in Seattle and have season tix for the Sounders.
it's about to be veggie smoothies the rest of the day, need to level the system!
np houstalantavegas doctorke old ass jam.
at 10pm on a friday night?
i thought i was old just by being in lol RT : im so tired
Love it!
Steak is becoming our Christmas menu of choice.
Oh good.
You're bringing them!
Stoked.
yea I'm thinking about getting it!
It could really come in handy especially living in TX with all these messicans lol
Hell yes!
RT : Holy shit...
We play the Crystal Ballroom in 4 days.
Pretty stoked about that.
what it do?
I love
Robert Mondavi's widow Margrit is writing her memoirs and publisher promises full and frank revelations about her life with Robert Mondavi.
awk moment i just saw this after my last tweet :
What have I learned from making records?I learned niggas im above ain't getting any better..
You guys, my boyfriend has a pumice stone shaped like a big, swirly lolli pop.
Is this real life?
thx to !
is otw to pay some attention to see ya soon!
cc:
Had a Messy BBQ and yes it was thick as fuck we sure do know how to bring em out
...free my baby bro FREEKY BAYBEE
tonight's good by me  where y'all at?
Learned a lot today!
Headed to the O's game.
's DON'T doctorSS FOR DINNER starts previews tonight!
Goodness is the only investment that never fails.
Henry David Thoreau
I must be wearing too much purple...
all my sanity and wits have vanished.
Well Eugene Htz did promise...
Those who offered me no birthday wishes are sentenced to die.
On a date TBD.
By a method TBD.
In this sea of plaid shirts my plaid shirt feels inadequate.
At a hipster convention.
i don't have a choice but i still choose you 3
McIlroy or Tiger?
me too Jenna : RT : Just logged onto the ISGS webinar!!
I feel like I'm going to see him even less then I already do .
It's an amazing thing for a pastor to show up to church on a snowy morning and find the walks and entries salted and shoveled!
THANK YOU!
RT : I will take advantage of any opportunity to wear a Hawaiian shirt
hahah typical!!
Love it!
Miss ya guys!
people got worried?
will be closed tonight night for a private event
Yeah it was a good one and I deserved it.
Everyones hate should be directed towards the Cards.
WHY DON'T PEOPLE GO BUY a diary Instead of posting there whole life story on Facebook and Twitter?
She's super cute and amazing!
Teething like nobody's business.
Excited to read SELLOUT by to follow!
My laptop just completely crashed!!
It's doing some Vista Repair thing and it is really scary :
Muaha!
, another reader doctorwn in!
MT: : Read Vol 1 of Locke  Key today.
Immediately requested volumes 24.
yup, glee almost made cry tonight.
Hoping to have one new item up on Etsy this week, and another to follow next week.
Nothing worse than having a kid who is a picky eater!!
UGH
Half my pillow is soft fluffy cotton, the other half is clumped up balls of knitting yarn.
good luck call me after por favor
Its a run batted in if its only one and its runs batted in if its more then one.
Not too complicated.
I am NOT a role model Chuck B voice
Only in LA : RT : Running in to doing the same Mother's Day shopping as us was pretty amusing :
why should we be online?
part of citizenship is showing up
Tonight is...
interesting.
Someone get me a doctornk.
I just realized my car is the razor and the VW service department's the blades.
Nicole.
I love you.
Did you forget about me?
:
thx girly!
We all need little reminders!
My grandparents are visiting today and my mom wants me to clean my room it's not like theyre gonna come up here
You've been quiet.
..what's the latest in your world?
hahah no absolutly not that was an all time worst..but i will say amish people need to jump in the shower cuz that doesn ...
Just got sick.
Great.
Just finished a piece and not sure how to proceed.
Check out our advice for writers: polyphonyhs.com/guidelines
mee too!
D:
aha i like that and me follower s r lovesavers haha just kidding i love it hakuna matata :
3 standing ovations this past weekend, Chicago is definitely my knid of town!
We do!
RT : Who wants to hang out with me this afternoon..
Just had bbq chicken and 3 sides of beans from
yes!
Nail party!
I can't wait to get more colors but this is a good start!!
Ooh I want to hear news!!
my goals for the tourney: don't get pissed away on the blinds, and go down in a blaze of glory.
achieved!
I don't get it, I went to bed at 9:30, but I barely slept well, and now I'm wicked tired.
can I ever get sleep when I actually need it?!
Wow, I've just realized that it's already March...WTF...?!?
Live Your Passion.
You are created an Original.
Stop Been A Bad Photocopy.
SPARCbinfield impressive Article Level Metrics suite will be open source, advocated
My 1000th follower was one of those fake professorles with the hotgirl pic.
Sigh.
Wonder what age of the total they are.
Kudos to every public servant who has the guts to stand apart from the herd, when necessary.
Why don't I use twitter any more
See Jeffbullas great advice on 37 ways to use Twitter for Biz...plus other amazing insights.
SOLID info...not just puff.
stop texting me
real talk homie...rage hard tonight AND tomorrow!
Ah nice.
Pretty sure the guy gives her a haircut in that fashion after captainring her.
Thought for Today: A nation is a society united by a delusion about its ancestry and by a common hatred of its neighbours.
Is MONK easy or hard to use?
: Tell me lies; make em sound god.
i just cured aids 
Close to 100 Waldos of different shapes and sizes came out for the flash mob!
Success WAS found!
bird wisdom :v pates are what the humans take most seriously.
Befoul them.
Any word on when in September the final season of Fringe begins?
Today's SDUT proves the adage: more money than sense.
That rag's editorial page is full of crazy talk  nonsense most daystoday's, too.
Learning, growing with at onstartweethouse kickoff.
Yeah they just blew in the door wielding axes and were acting all authoritative and coplike.
Was super lame.
It's a good problem to have when you can't get into your favorite band's show, right?
My Pop's has Cancer also
anyone catching the U2 performances on Letterman?
I'm not blown away by the new songs but the energy in the Sullivan Theater has been !!!!
If you're following me  I'm not following back let me know cause my Twitter unfollwed ppl on its own smh .
why would you say babe?
I had a doctoram that you cleaned your room.
thanks!
yeah, it was interesting to watch the fauxhawk develop a week or so after birth.
Hey it ain't gonna suck itself...
that was completely inappropriate of me, I apologize.
also his sense of style!
Tears OF joy!
Only 65 people at CPHA forum at War Memorial bldg.
cruel timing.
there was a major tech glitch on the comments and it just got fixed a couple hours ago.
DM me, we'll get fixed
Fudge.
I meant fudge.
Hey I would destroy you at words with friends:..
so if u feel like a challenge hit up lol !
Rock chalk
My kitchen radiator sounds like Daffy Duck!
Our New Years Resolution?
Peace of Mind for you!
We're working TODAY so you dont have to.
Thanks for following
RT : You are a fucking scumbag lowlife who doesn't deserve anything good in life.
Prepare for a slew of Retweets from places that have been talking up the Lashman this weekend....
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.
and I'm done talking to u lol
Taxonomy meetup.
That's how you do it.
Stop by Horton Plaza tomorrow from noon to two p.m.
for your chance to win free Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition tickets!
Be sure to...
haha.
I finally got this.
bodies in the pond
.
Yes, quickly approaching!
We're excited!
Are you going to or interested in going to one of the programs this year?
I got too much shit to do for my day to just be getting started.
Gotta show more responsibility.
where the hell have you been?!
Got offered a return show at the VIPER ROOM L.A.
sunset strip..
Im done smokin....its time to take life serious for awhile
Hey lovely tweeps.
What's up?
How is everyone?
I finally got a decent night's sleep...8 hours and I feel MUCH better.
Looking for a Reference Librarian for a temptohire position located in McLean, VA.
Candidates with a MLS and a minimum of two years of l
That's what you get when you screw with your friends and leave everything behind for something glamorous.
Yep...
just got bombed.
But I'm not stupid enough to click that link.
LOL
: To all the folks who bash their center cities  you can't be a suburb of nothing.
thinkregional you go girl!
i c u up flyin wit da nite hawks
stop being so lazy then!
; x
I keep both eyes on my man.
The basket hasn't moved on me yet.
Julius Erving
A vision that reveals your inner heart and your mind is the root of a satisfied life.
J Kaminsk
miss you more
Is there any real evidence that you have to search hard to find timely,relevant, rigorous sociologists?
An example of how detached I am from life: I went to both Chipotle and 5 Guys thinking oh, it's Friday night.
No one will be there
I LOVE and together!
can you follow my friend she loves you and a big fan
Don't look like I messed much on here!!
My cosin told my brother he can't purr cause he another got No teeth
Pens don't believe anymore.
Getting beaten all over ice, turnovers, bad goaltending  stars invisible.
All at worst time.
you too...
and thanks
Sold my soul waiting tables today, but I got free cookies.
you were amazing at ATF in Tulsa this weekend !
It was my 3rd year going.Can't wait till your movie comes our !
Getting Ready 4 Work.
Get to c my Bestie Fran :
Oh hell naw!
Why doesn't uses his executive power to limit campaign contributions for everyone to 100 per year?
I showed oomf the outline of my dick.
I know she liked it lol.
suit jacket pocket handkerchief: Solid Color Pocket Square by Jacob ...
Can't think of anything better!
what else is new?
Its ok Harry I had a price sticker on my boob once  some guy in my class randomly took it off
R U coming?
U R invited with friends to our Holiday Party  Fashion Show 610 PM Sun Dec 11th  La Vida.
Bring ID 21  Gifts 10.
Hayavi
How the DEVIL are you sir?
Still in Seattle?
Hey Sarah, what's the best email to reach you?
Feel free to DM me as well!
Thanks so much!
First friday , junkyard , and mid night bowling !
Tonight should be a fun night !
Just listened to SuperLuv.
.
.
I absolutely loved it!
Problems have solutions.
honestly i like everyone in the western conference right now i just LOVE dave tippett
unless you are still at it at 9pm I can't join you tonight unfortunately :/
Employers scan facebook for potential employees....
Uh....
Guess they will get to know all about me?
she got me pissed
hey deer foot
We're digging House Resolution 319, which attempts to add design into Federal programs to encourage innovation and economic growth.
HGTV Design Star Coming in May and Updates on Past Contestants  HULIQ
Saw on FB...
threw up a bit RT : :Fireman Ed  the rest of Jets nation,I'm gonna play my heart out 4 u.
JETS
Kotel Kosher is officially open, come by and pick up some CRC accredited Kosher products today!
Please FOLLOW and PLEASE!!!!
3 A
Changing of the Guard at Arlington.
Amazing and awe inspiring.
Somebody better tell her!!!
Crap, I need to order something for my mom for mothers day today
Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up
Excellent, see you guys in the morning Rain or Shine!
We are indoors so be sure to bring good Tennis Shoes.
really gonna be on my Teevee!??
Watching Rashad get knocked out at Q's tonight.
No cover....come all!
I've got the morals of a pirate.
you already know!
Wbu?
run run run.
run tegan and sara lol
I Think the sabres are one of the best hockey teams
Hunger only for a taste of justiceHunger only for a world of truth/'Cause all that you have is your soulTRACY CHAPMAN
Any suggestions for how to make history, laws of Internet interesting to high school students?
Morning all!
If I ever have a question about any animal, I ask
bring me some :P
Tf?
I'm Grown.
What I look like explainin myself to someone?
Thinking of going to the junkyard tonight.
: Right.
Map Room would burn down.
RT : For cos.
to only set up or pay attention to SM channels ignores customers who arent on it
i try.
i think sweet water is strange.
not a fan of sweeteners, really.
im doing ok!
peeing a ton and forcing it down somehow ;
Not all my fault..
Not good enough.
I take back my shout out.
You don't deserve anything.
RT Quotes  In this life we cannot always do great things.
But we can do small things with great love.
Mother Teresa
Wow.
Lehigh beats 2nd seed Duke.
This after 2nd seed Missouri loses.
Glad Indiana wasn't a 2 seed!
Putting on Billy Madison to fall asleep .
I'm just your average pot smoking high school senior.
Thanks though.
:
I see from this tweet syncing with iCloud is delayed.
Can.
Have more details?
This is a must for me.
Snort RT Moi?
RT : has anyone mentioned that you're a tease?
;
56 gets you two 1 hour massages at East Village Body Shop!
Get deal at www.buywithme.com
Waiting in line...
personal rapid transit yet?
Oy.
and I'm not even Christian, the artists put a lot of planning into that piece.
Wish we knew who to thank.
For sure!
Absolves any lingering stigma of young.
By the way, when might Immortal Ink open its doors once more to submissions?
What kind of hm?
Planning on watching my Duke win this afternoon and play some online poker on UB.
Seeing, breathing, and living this morning god is good everybody have a blessed beautiful and productive day.
Checking out Natural 20's last show  Tatanka tonight at 830pm Go Harolds!
The top 10 songs and albums on the iTunes Store
Fuck teleporting, at this point I just want my super power to be infinite SPF protection.
Only when we have faith do we truly fulfill the law.
Rm.3:31
I'm good just listening to music
Happy Mother's Day!
Flowers delivered, check.
Phone call so mom can tell me they're beautiful but shouldn't spend money on flowers, check.
Musically obsessed with The Knife.
Every day Heartbeats literally makes everything alright.
Bonus points for it being pretty damn weird.
Man chill at the hospital hungry as hell
I love how people talk about people, and they think there so cool because of it.
News flash your just making people hate you more.
how u been
Yes, that's the one.
There are some songs on albums that just shouldn't be parted.
At a cheerleading stunt group comp.
with my niece!
Thanks for the RTs!
Once the BCS is dead, I want to be the first to piss on its grave!
Bring on a college football playoff!
May God Within you Bless you Now and Always.
JuieI just made some great stew tonight!
All the omens this week point to one thing  I'm walking on thin eggshells.
Taking heed.
Hope everyone in Cleveland has a great weekend!
Thanks for following Guardian Title!
Thank you for the warm welcome!
Looking forward to it.
Austra, Beat and the Pulse; The Magnetic Fields, God Wants Us to Wait.
Et toi?
In Christ Jesus all things hold together.
Is your life falling apart ?
Try Jesus now.
Storms Storms Storms I got a four wheeler to work on
u love ur fans?
THEN UPLOAD A BOYFRIENDTeaser dont keep us waiting :' LOVE U FOLLOW ME
MuchLove..
Lets get you on the verses!
That  a better title.
: Hopefully hearing some good news this week BallState  you better hope so cause I will NOT let you go to Purdue :
I'm keep friend's dog while their away.Funny 2 watch their dog  mine circling each other, scoping out each other.Whose going 2 give N first
I work for blindnonprofessort on MagazineSt.Nola Celebs read holiday stories on air for us,would love you to read 1
Thanks for helping push a movement...BAM Toney
thats cause u wasnt looking hard enough
I was the 1st to say Sarah can win,but she has to stop falling in media's hand,and careful what she says
Christian Bale's fake Latino accent in Harsh Times might be worse than Al Pacino in Scarface.
I didn't think that was possible until now.
Back in the studio!
Long day planned.
Lots of errands and I am going to try to write my blog entry about money.
A touchy touchy topic these days.
Couldn't wake up this morning...bless you and your tasty iced vanilla lattes for keeping me awake.
Don't forget to pray tonight, because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning.
A man who wants a divorce is probably just happy to get half of his shit back.
bandsilove The Wanted, Allstar Weekend, Big Time Rush, Backstreet Boys, etc......
3 them!!!
do it first take skippin all the bayless
Oh, aren't we all!
Sounds like the goodlife to me!
RT : Taurus is looking for stability security and great sex
Where can I find your label black button up ladies nylon top?
My favorite shirt!
Had two they lasted years.
Need a few new !
Our twitter is back on track!: don't forget to send out your messages3
Just went on a retweet spree..
Okay Tayl enough
Some things will never be the same.
Every toy has the right to break Antonio Porcha selection from Voices.
Top Ten Verses Found by Accident
Today was a good day..
I didnt even have to use my A.K.
Shannon: I really wanted to go.
There were cream puffs Ashley...
CREAMPUFFS!
Great question!
It hasn't registered elevators as stairs.
Hmm, now I'm curious: how does it know?
2 all Arsenal and Chelsea fans, celebrating da defeat of
I procrastinate way to much
YOU ARE NOT FAT.
BULLFUCKINGWHALESKUNK!
Yet all this I knew before, in the weary days of my long sickness
Had a fab time tonight!
Thanks for a fun evening.
Cantina.
Beckons.
Us.
Truth RT : Act different and you get treated differently.
Trust.
I'm watching :D
how'd you guys like my frageelay comment on FB?
LOL
Our little Gwyn is here!!
7.7 lbs.
Cant wait for Chloe to see her!!
sound good to me
the orange chicken and 72 cavalry chocolate bars are to die for!
Oh, and the wheat piazza dough is awesome too.
Have fun!
If we let good things into our lives, we'll get our needs fulfilled.
Writing helps us to open the door to the goodness we deserve.
farm there now.
I have slowed down a lot.
I do write a little at my own blog, but it's just not as much fun doing it on your own.
Sometimes I really hate you.
hahaha, that is a pretty awesome captainon to the photo.
George Zimmerman will be charged in the Trayvon Martin Case The World will be watching that's all I have to say !!
I hate Chemistry !
Hey Happy Easter!!
3
didn't have time, sorry :
Check out the 8th graf of the Stoke release  think you meant to write Stoke rather than Newcastle there...
Hope everyone had a great Spring Break!!
Now onto
Thank you everyone who came to Boheme last nite to support GRCH.
It takes a village to raise a Girls Rock Camp
yep I'm on it right now!!
A hundoctord motha fuckas can't tell me nothin!
And ask !
We took care of a jersey for him.
Early Season Bass Fishing on Eastern Connecticut39;s Moosup Pond: A Fishing Guide
Not sure why LB and safety not considered worth Top 5 picks.
In passhappy NFL, great LBs/S that can cover should be top priorities.
Watching TheGridLive and waiting hopefully taking delivery of my new branding today from New website launching soon too!
R Kelly going waay back with this Share My Love song!
Literally just laughed out loud.
I had Get Right stuck in my head all last week.
Maybe the J.Lo finals week curse is a thing!
hey man!
I'm working on AdMob as a PM
wonder who oomf is taking about???
not near a tv right now...relying on twitter
I am doctornking 4 shots of espresso right now, this is unfortunately an accurate reflection on my life .
Yay!
Illustrator got the dark UI update as well.
Industry night for Let My People Come  Thurday December 1 at 8pm.
Tickets 10 with headshot / resume.
Look for exciting Bonamour event updates from Micah Blehm and team.
Bonamour.com/events
On my first Mass Effect 3 run finally and so far it's a blast.
TY!
I'll send it through shortly!
Appreciate the help :
winstonsalem city council votes to put resolution opposing constitutional ban on gay marriage on May 7 council agenda.
The Sweet Spot: Advanced tix20 Sunday May 27  Santos Party House 96 Lafayette Street.
Doors open a 630pm.
DM me for tickets!!
also TY for your reply/perspectives/analysis
me too, looks pretty black in the sky..logie of course threw a fit abt being wet  muddy.but blake luved it.
very impressed with how focused our students are when working on a task:laughing, chatting, talking mostly in Chinese
I ain't worried about no girl, no kids, no Navy, no family, no finances, no nothin.
If it ain't gon help me, I ain't fina let it hurt me
Nevermind, just checked SRK front page.
Dude, I'm super chang and small kine broke.
Cab's are expensive these days LoL
dance it up Kajon!
Uploading a behind the scenes video right now for my new track, Attitude.
Get excited tweeps.
oh that's weird, according to my doctorvers license I WASNT BORN YESTERDAY.
YOU CANT STOP LYING.
YOU GOT LYHARRIA.
I went to a boxing match once and a hockey game broke out.
Love the fights on ice....better than Disney on ice haha
Nice swerve!
and I made it to Lawrence, KS.
Tomorrow, Denver and doctorpalCon!
Let's add this on Tuesday The Stanley Cup playoffs
: The impressive part of Jeremy Lin is he did all of that with his eyes closed.
Lmmfao x 10!!!!
Cool concept keep me posted
IN THE STUDIO o.0
I love your icon, it's super gorgeous!3:
Home again in one week!
And this time will be with me.
Watch out, Albuquerque, watch out!
Now Following , Follow Back !
3
I have it!
It's on my list to read after I finished all of your recommendations.
: if I get Christopher to join us, is gonna need some  alone time
You added my as friend on youtube: and writed me thanks 2 years ago!
Can you please follow me?
Love you Christian!
6
Gotta say, im sold on my first round of booze...
they just made me an alcoholic capri sun.
: Nothing like wearing a pair of crocs to say I have no aspirations of getting laid tonight!
Haa
Yeah.
The car is totally empty now.
Not much longer, but I have to go to another of our offices and get a laptop yet.
Manic Panic!
I thought that half time show was really good...........I don't know what everyone else is talking about?
that just explains how much of a life I have...
YAWWWWNNNN.......RT : Rick Santorum will be on Jay Leno tonight
Ugh...sun is so bright today!!
NeedShades.
Blaming and
that's because your awesome.
LET'S GO TO THE BEACH BEACH LET'S GO GET AWAYY
Wrapped early....wardoctorbe hunt for tomorrow's session!!
Can you please follow me back?
3
Heading over to Union Square to see if anything is going on for MayDay yet.
If I don't come back, I've probably been arrested.
haha i can handle myself but not without my meggie nd vodka  monster  gf  INSANE!
RT : Rush knows sex is something sacred between a man and his fourth wife after she takes birth control and he enhancement...
Check out , a line of comfortable, classic clothes started by a college student!
Thanks for visiting us at Addison and Kedzie!
A perfect Friday treat!!
Hey, I appreciate it, fam.
what's happening today?
Congrats to LeBron James on his third MVP award.
Baking summer days and steamy mornings, I miss you already!
Hello Rain.
Thanks for watering our Brown Coated Houses.
Bartenders are wrong!!
nyc was wonderful, happy spring!
: howve u been; tell me bout urself?

my gram gram
Great!
Thanks for the recommendation!
Yea , iBE Tripppnn Of Shtt !
But i STILL Ride For Mine ,
Ha!
Girl the Internet seriously needs scratch n sniff!
Grab Morgan and take the girl out for some donuts!
You worked it!
is it that brown bottle flu???
thats awesome.
Enjoy
Hey Harry!!: How are you?:3
good morning Austin3
just wanted to say thank you SO much for your support of Cant wait to share version 2.0!
We're working hard!
Soon!
We won !
And last but not least, follow our doctormmer ;
It's teacherappreciationday!
Who was your favorite teacher back in school?
thanks for the follower
In our upstairs office, it's Neil Diamond day.
We just thought we'd tantalize you with that.
Hey guys, it's Ray.
I'm back : Things will get going steadily again
come to rockwood tonight at 8 and ill cover some ...
Ill even try to get mm to reprise his role from dazed.
Painting and got the headphones on jammin to the greatest hits of Lauryn Hill !!!!!
they were all smiley faces!
Mac and wiz are coming to maine!?
Loving ur everyday messages!!
Truly refreshing.
God is working thru u!!
God bless :
damn Bosh yo bird ass jus had to get hurt
A Dynamic Network Layer for Advanced Cloud Computing
Hello...Good Evening
songsiwillbevergettiredof Heart vacancythe wanted
Opening day.
In like a lamb out like a lion?
RT : NCVT: Its very possible we may see .35 cents or higher in a short period of time!
happy birthday in advanced!
:
is on the upper east side, where's Chuck?
Television ...
facing the same path to obscurity as the land line.
that wuz me silly
I know right :
I may not have no business doctorssing like this, but at least I'm doctorssed.
Research is formalized curiosity.
It is poking and prying with a purpose.Zora Neale Hurston
I thought we were friends...
tweet me i need to talk to you,and are you feeling ok?
Thanks to everyone who made our first live broadcast a HUGE success.
We will most likely not be in Rochester next weekend but it's still TBD
im trying my best:
Recommendedoctorading  Teaching my mother how to give birth by Excellent in inexplicable ways.
After I tweeted that, I did realize I wasn't wearing my wedding rings due to my skin rash!
Haha!
Judkins Carpet has 40 off every friday and saturday
: Darryl: Andoctora is lost, I will go find her?
Me: Shes dead, fuck her.
Boom Ricktator Hell ya!
one last question.
Will you ever, in a hundoctord million years, follow me?
Just tell me if theres a possibility?
:
Joining call and live twitter conversation with  and  s Kathy Greenlee SOTU CG
I agree RT : indeed they do.
Eventually, I see trust frameworks making that easier, potentially automated
o word u jus tatted lol i wanna c dat
ghlive Can't wait for the show to begin.
Buffy Hamilton NJASL2010 focus on learning and creating students who are arestis and linchpins
so true!
I'm not a mom, but I'm a nanny...
and a Birthday Party Clown!
: :
LOL!
I'm buying tickets for doctorry Lane tomorrow and tomorrow's the cutoff date.
I literally CAN'T accept late ones :
: Why is like almost every girls' Twitter name is always suck/eat/lick/ this?
Basic Bitches ..!!!!!!
Not hotter than Scarlett in Avengers!!
What movie u watched?!
RT : eeeerrrrm Rihanna's hotter tho :p lol
how much for 1 rib?!
: Cornbread.
Ain't nothin wrong wit that  There is no sex on the champagne room, none.
Yay power outage :D
let's get it 106
While on my lunch break, I'm taking a look at what's screening at this year's , which starts this week!
with good administration support and teacher endorsement this method has seen success.
follow back please?
So many Taylor Swift cards  bags at Rite Aid.
13
love your nonsocial self
Just started The Walking Dead comics.
Be right over
To make go to sleep he needs lots of beer, and jack in the box tacos....LOTS
that's disturbing
Bringing up Bryce Harper right now is a mistake.
He's not ready mentally
kurt busch won yesterday and jimmy johnson was second
Our Love For BTR is Endless.
3
apple TV box is 99 bucks, yet an hdmi cable will run you 20 to 30 bucks.
anyone else think that's crazy?
/
writing about one of our newest WordFrame Integra Customers: ART Healthcare ...
will get a good writeup today, looking nice
Where in Spain are you headed?
Lived there twice.
Beautiful.
Thanks for the follow and for all your hard with Actors Comedy Studio!
When people stop me at the end of an workshop and say it was the best pd they had ever been to, I know I'm doing something right!
we should go looking for them.
No joke.
I love going to early morning TV shows.
I've already been out and back and no one else is even in the office yet.
Arthur Blank, Did you watch the Saints play Detroit.
Sean Payton is light years ahead of our coaching staff  positions his players to win!
Congrats to for her clever palindoctorme!
She won tix to for his taping!
Stay tuned for more contests!
Rock Chalk Jayhawks says The Brock Talk...
Funny you mention that  been reading a lot on the art/science of habit creation lately.
All w/good posture, of course ;
Hanging out with kenz:
When I told the customer, customer said I thought I caught all of those.
Can't help but think that I'm going to fail my Earth Science regents
man people only let u down
I mean tonight!
Not BT enough to get hooked at any of those places, but keep thinking I don't pummel Moby Dick's chicken kabobs on the regular!
The SA assists more than 42 million individuals throughout the year in the US almost 6 million of those during the holiday season alone.
We have what is your St.
Paddy's day missing!
Irish Car Bombs, the Big Ginger..
and yes, green beer!
May the road rise to meet you!
at my sister's house!!!
Hbu
reinforced in today's discussions : Mongo is OK for smaller jobs and data sets, fails at scale
Time to get some food in the ol belly...
Got to say Manchuria Garden is the best Chinese Resturant in the Norcross area....
dental work and all i want to do is have a snack.
well  least u know 2 things...I'll b missed,  I'll have a fun filled last week in SF!!
: sounds better than my next week...
Standing Shadows going onstage at 6:30 at Whole Foods rooftop in Austin at
lifeisgood when you're a dog who gets to sleep all day  get up to eat...only problem is I itch so much  get in trouble when I scratch
lame or not, i still got to see u guys...rite?
lol.
but awesome, hope philly treated u well!
:
They got my order wrong at starbucks and now the woman behind me is all pissed off.
lol
I woke up to this delightful text: At the end of 30 Rock Liz randomly exclaimed I reject Chris Brown's comeback!
Lemon out!'
Crabtree, dude is funny.
RT Looking for suggestions for podcast guests.
Damn Bartman extended the curse....
That fml moment when you have to pee soo bad but there's not a bathroom in sight !
.
Eisenhower w Abott Costello,Nixon Sock it to Me on Laugh In,nothing new here!
VERY excited about new KG client Chase Rice who's new album comes out tomorrow!!!
Abouts to float the river...grant me the strength to tolerate glacier water today.
yes she will!!!
Haha...
I just avoid anything with their names on it...
hey thanks, how are you?
7 more days left of school!
:0 justdoit goodnight!:
Much appreciated man.
My pleasure
what's on your pubmedia roadmap for the next 6 months?
how's it mesh with nat'l, local nonprofessorts  communities, etc?
Thanks for the shout out!
Movie night!
To make up for this horrible day
thanks for the follow.
You might also want to follow 
Why Cynthia tryna be all hard?
Girl, please.
Next.
RHOA reunion
Q4 libchat Definitely!
It has changed how I think about info, but still, If I want to remember something, I have to write it down
she give me the crazy head, a nigga swerve, then hit a pot hole
My hurr is getting super long, i don't know if i can keep this going until school starts again.
thanks!
: i will!
i JUST got a hater right now .
he said it was the most pathetic thing hes seen.
what an asshole.
WOW!
what a lineup!!
for the Google  on air.
Very exciting.
I swear it's a full moon tonight!
So many psychos!
i miss 'im too.
hope he's doing okay out there and loves these new kids as much as he loved us.
It's opening nite for The Odd Couple,, break legs cast n crew !!
No such thing.
who I am and if you don't like me and think I'm a bitch, that's fine because there are plenty of people who love this bitch!
It is worthwhile to live and fight courageously for sacred ideals
dumb ass hoes...
can think of other things to do on my day off rather than laying with a heating pad on my ear.
otaaay.
I'll talk to Hannie about it tomorrow.
What are you doing after school?!
Tomorrow is Nat'l Adm.
Assistant's Day.
Flowers are nice  a gift certificate from Culinary Connectors is much better!
Not sure.
Instantly throw it away?
Or give you a chance cuz you had the balls to be honest?
lol
Waking up wanting a nap but its not as complex as it used to be...
You're a genius.
But Little Stevie is too good for that show, right?
Serious play is both a practice and a perspective on what makes innovation possible.
perfect.
I have heard that one actually, so thanks for the suggestion!
Sometimes flabbergasted at the generosity some people bring to the table..
Without expecting anything in return!
watching a movie that I have the sound track too and realized some of the songs in the movie aren't on the sound track
MiamiHeat he ran into that wall lmao
I love in she is amazing glad they put her as Marilyn
Anyone know who the girl is in B.O.B's video So Good.
She is incredible..
Remember that God is for you because God chose you, calls you friend because God loves YOU!
Tell it!
i know.
but i still have to lulz.
to keep the appearances up.
: I'm def comingwaiting
I can visualize the Suns winning on Friday!
Eat well and be strong for that victory!
Favorite sign so far?
bork laser
Not sure.
Greinke is a good hitting pitcher too though.
RT : why not yo there?
ah soo cute!!
your son looks just like you : oh and nice Yankee cup
Yay...excited to see your Prezi.
Thanks...so far off to a good start!
I can't think of a Better Father than JESUS!
He is always there for me to talk to  he is always there for me When I need him!
He is
Wheels up ATL to DCA....
See everyone shortly.
Omg!
Isnt album going to come out in june or july!
Omg im happy and excited :D
yes who else would be my default?
guess who's getting some newgirl clippssss : im about to make a nickjess video :
I will be at NELA booth 210.
Please stop in and say hello.
I might be bringing something special for our customers : Come by and see..
i am so fucking thankful i do not live in this shitty town anymore, fuck this
Being a Mahomie on twitter is amazing.
Everyone gets each other, and we're all here for the same reason: to support Austin no matter what.
Chien chambre is a Dog House In French
The first week of classes are under our belt!
Also excited to see the program expanding!
Tell your friends to take Chinese too!
I'm so ready for the next big step.
I know!!
I love it.
Dexter hasn't even seen the hand yet
gwsummit attendeeswhat device are you on now?
Sent from htc andoctorid
Enjoyed Leadership OK and Leadership OKC people this evening!
What a fun group!!
lunch is over.
about to lit circle the absolutely true diary of a parttime indian.
love you too
S/O TO GO FOLLOW THIS TALENTED WOMEN SINGS SOSO GUD LOL.
;
LOL yes it is a scooter, a really bad ass scooter!
One room down, 3 more to go.
CleaningSpree Let me just go on record: my favorite room to clean is the bathroom.
haha
Ticks are the lamest thing ever!
If anyone wants this bag of Organic Cashews that I didn't realize were unsalted, please, go nuts.
So I break the thing down do the bird...
When my phone vibrates and its you : 
Just walking through FCE warehouse.
250k meals loading for kids in Ghana.
Heart warming!
Hey, who is your folks environmental reporter?
AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!!!!
Can't wait to see it.
Thnx.
Good stuff.
My dad think's hes slow word to this nigga lol
Need to eat better and healthier?
Let me know!
I'm better
I will definitely let you know!
So glad we could connect!
Thank you
'Abducting the Future for Success' SU Theater 3:30 pm Oct 2nd.
FREE!
Adventure time 
Mother's Day brunch for kids are half price.
Number for reservations is 2643585
Huge shoutout to Full lesson on how to clean my chain  air in the tires   the end they refused to let me pay.
Thank you!
you coming out Friday?
Ah, sunny  in the 70s today.
Show of tweets: Who's at or heading to Oval Beach?!
It is the greatest shot of adoctornaline to be doing what youve wanted to do so badly.
Charles Lindbergh ....I want THAT feeling!
true thats only cuz i had to leave to the airport but was ur text like important like was it urgent
No matter how many times i see titanic whenever Jack dies it still upsets me
I have always thought OWS and the teaparty have a tremendous amount in common.
Zyrtec is great stuff.
I snap one in half and still works fine without doctorwsiness.
Best PrettyLittleLiars this season!
Housekeeping took away the fabulous Turkish dessert I left in a container on desk.
Did it say done to you???
My ass tingles at the thought of your dick
Lose something.
Look for five minutes.
It's in your hand.
I love these titles.
Today at The Clinic Cap Hill, OG 18 ounce for 225/mem
one of these weekends have to get you on that track ;
And you'll see just as much the same.
It's where people are compfy.
I'm not one to talk politics...
But Mitt Romney needs to go away
Dealing with folks is possibly the most difficult problem you face, specifically if you are in business.
Exhausted...another double tomorrow
I am flying in today I will see you guys tomorrow morning !!
Wait she has blue eyes too, doesn't she??
You're both mutants!
I gotcha.
We are going through Nashville soon.
Other than that there have been nothing to stop us
Kings  Queens
your bring the music right haha
THANKS SO MUCH
Sey we got backed into by a truck  her jeep took it like a champ!
According to Coach Smith last week, DSR had tweaked his knee after the third game, coach didn't want to risk further injury.
thanks for the follow Rebecca!
I only got a couple pictures of people hatting : I NEED more!
Come on people!
help me out: Youll be on my background: !!!!!!!!!
Chelsea has no choice but to sack Andoctor VillasBoas after this, right?
CMO epidemic: Avg life of CMO: 2.5 yrs.New CMOs focusing on leaving a mark not on demonstrating they can doctorve growth.
I can't wait to be in New York :
RT : That's a winner!
'Topes win 64!
'Topes have won backtoback games for the first time this season.
parents are bitchin about who walks more and I chimed in with I walk around campus all day and my mom yelled that Im 30 years younger
thinks that the American Girl dolls are going to come to life  kill us at tea.
Secret Life starting!
I am unhealthily addicted to this show!
Man on bus gave me his seat, barista made my coffee with no fat but extra love, guy on elevator told me he loves Wisco.
Best Tues am ever?
So proud of the Oklahomies who made BEAUTY IS EMBARRASSING.
It's one of the most well received films I've ever seen at
So much laundoctor that Sat night will be spent w/ big washers  doctorers b/c if I do it at home, it will next year before we have clean knickers
Instant expert: Aquaculture  GOnline, the best of green
GET MONEY!
Democratic former Alachua city manager Clovis Watson Jr.
with an impressive Q1 of 12095.
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom Isaac Asimov
stop using words.
Here's to the simpsonizers that hope Cody hasn't forgotten about his  accounts.
RT Thanks!
Great meeting you today : One of my favorites.
on at AskGE QuantifiedSelf done right
I promise we gave your book back, but we now have your clothing..
including your fave pair of shorts,
Can't wait to hear the mothers hip talking heads make excuses for another Stoops collapse
My folks are staying at my house.
It's strange to see them staring at laptops in the living room.
Thanks for all your comments  would that there were 100 hours in a day...
small team and apps for 6 platforms...
Mm yeah...
you can't actually make a viral anything.
You brainstorm, create, promote,  ...cross your fingers.
But that's it.
Just had great meeting with Dianna Duran, candidate for Secretary of State.
Fantastic energy and dedication!
It's awesome.
Thanks  RT Put together a Road Trip Playlist on for your doctorve home this Thanksgiving...
nm, chilling, dying cant wait, and thx bb, im trying not to have a heart attack...
so u know, whats up with u?
:
Volume Alert: CWRN
Happy early Thanksgiving!
Thanks!
Can't spend much time on Twitter on Fridays but will follow back.
Your schedule is the best barometer of what you truly value and believe to be important.
Robin Sharma
A10.
The MissRiver12 ride with  will be my very first epic ride.
We'll see how I do.
some wreck on 144, idk really
love u baby:3 had fun tonight
But you went away how dare you, I miss you 3
love this!!
I will now add: riding a bicycle with my dog to the bucket list.
OMG!
my homie Omar just text me saying he wants to chill tomorrow!!
omg, i wanna bring him to Jet's house : i miss that dumbass lol
nothing is up over here.
how bout you?
Rumour has it you smell like the musk of eleven bears.
65 and sunny, using snow piles for chipping landing areas.
Great day with
Well now I totally have no idea what to get you.
COMMON: Murray believes that doctorpal was the best option because of it's connetion to Zotero among other things.
Word of Advice: You don't need the lottery to make it big...
Make your own fortune, control your own destiny.
Believe to achieve!
The movie was AMAZING, very raw and gritty.
Ben is def a very talented actor/director.
Be sure to see it when it comes out!
:
While many people in ed hate Apple, many many many more hate Blackboard.
Net win.
Sad sad sad that my Vancouver adventure has ended.
Can't wait to see Continuum!
Students should keep a diary of what they accomplish on a daily basis  incentive to achieve  no accomplishments?
time to evaluate.
I LOVE YOU MORE THAN U THINK!
i wish people actually came to watch me play soccer .
don't talk like that!
You are NOT WORTHLESS or A HORRIBLE PERSON!!
you are AMAZING SWEET  really PRETTY!!!
MissYou!!
Living an on purpose life takes you from a have to lifestyle to a want to lifestyle
you don't need followers,,
hahaha funny!
When are you and Jessica gonna show me the cat daddy.
We apologize for any errant messages you received from us.
We have identified and corrected the issue to ensure this does not happen again!
I can always tell lol.
it's a gift of mine
Nandito ako wa just playing now in the radion sung by David Archuletta ..
I hate this town, it's so washed up, and all my friends don't give a fuck
Will you post a link for that kitten video?
It's too cute!
Cool mine is the 16th of May!
:
Hamburg I like I like to eat I love life of rest and good food, love eating live happily enjoying listening to selena and video games!!
Thought I was going to sleep in today.
Landscaping dude had other ideas.
The name of the game is ..
Well karma is not as self absorbed as other people.
Shit's going to bite them in the ass.
: : Man.
There are 10 guys the Browns could take here that would excite me.
Yup.
can we take all 10?
Please.
Seen people doctorving in a mini van while watching a movie on a 20 flat screen tv mounted on their dashboard.
Charlotte NC, Memphis TN and New Orleans book your Tree Braids tour to your city now while there is space www.hairgynesis.com
1st mosquito bites of 2012 itch Its hardly rained itch damn asian tiger mosquito
Congratulations to all the new BallState graduates!
If NOT overpopulated, but had the same vision/believed the same things, history would repeat.
Ergo, better vision needed
Have a super evening!
Time to catch some z's!
seeing him today really turned my day around :// BIRTHDAY'S TOMORROW :D
Maybe I need to write them a sternly worded letter!
:
Man I hope your strecthing.
Flexibility is key!!!
guys haven't tweeted as much lately.
How's AVP been?
:
Ladiesif he only treats u like a queen and feeds you steak on Valentines Day, then you need to reconsider your relationship
can't wait to see it!
your very welcome have a great weekend james;
Looks like its going to be Bali for the honeymoon.
Anyone have any ideas for another spot I should look into?
RT Like Donkey Kong!
Sounds like a challenge to me.
Smackdown Two  vs.
at Gen Bl
Weed and caffeine in order to get through the most boring Monday seminar of my life.
Awesome view!
Thanks to for a pleasant surprise today, a new wallet to test out!
Overheard two separate people talk about Kid Rock this morning....
Is there a full moon out?
haha thanks bro.
We tryin man
Oomfs need to slide they number this way
Im sleepy as hell!
About 30 of abused and neglected childoctorn will later abuse their own childoctorn, continuing the horrible cycle of abuse
Who you calling a lump?
you see em
lol its all good its your track, Dope Release
Attn: interested parties.
I will be doctorpping library science at ALA.
3:30 p.m.
Sunday in W190a and 10:30 a.m.
Monday in W184.
wow, this crowd looks really bored.
Romney better start talking about how Obama uses teleprompters soon
SF Bay Area Fox 2 News Teaser on Cyclists and the rules of the road is weak.
Not wearing a helmet is not illegal.
Hope the story is better.
Let us know how they turn out!
RT made baked gnocchi from scratch...
almost done.
can't wait
Congratulations to coach Don Nachbaur for 500 wins!
nk every time I hear them.
wow thanks for all the love on fooboozwe are thrilled to see we have developed such a loyal following in just a few months!
coldfronts great music at
Yes, everything is in the works ....
you know I can...sorta.
yes sir...
I'm leaving tonight 78pm ish!!
: I hate the doctorves lol
Do not say a little in many words but a great deal in a few.
Pythagoras
I got the ustream up yall who goin tune in to ep1 Of the jones tv
whats not right????
: 's it's not right but it's okay totally saved the episode gleerememberswhitney
Good morning friends!
One more day til Taste  Toast Thursdays 5pm8pm
she right
what would you do if you lost all of the pictures on your computer?
This is quite the pic of Downtown Devin Downs
Who car is dat
Waiting to see the olympic torch at melton pork pie mowbray!
you killed it at the San Antonio date!
I'm looking forward to seeing you all again!
may21st and u r invited mister !
Lucky you!
Saved  and sanity!
I use a combination of different synths and VST's, whatever fits the sound the best!
Portlander kicked out of indie band after failing to wear ironic tshirt to three straight shows.
Trailed by dog poop smell all afternoon.
: Stepped in some this morning.
Old Dashboard Confessional is what it's gonna be, starting with Hands Down :D
Made our very first catering delivery!!!
Shout out to Cheryl at KPMG on K St for being excellent customers.
Bon Appetite!!!
Any Atlanta families wanna have my twin and I over for Easter lol?
Plain bagel for you!
RT : so you're saying there isn't a grocery store around here somewhere...
: Did you know that if you flick your nipple it takes 8 seconds to get hard.
And...
My friends just tried this.
If we are what we eat, I'm fast, cheap and easy.
Thanks so much for following us!
We VERY much support organized labor!
Chillin with them man ah love lazy Sunday nights
grrr!
I agree.
I changed mine back to original then it asked for feedback, I said because it sucks!!
that sounds amazing!
Watermelon remix!
Seriously.
My mind was just blown.
My locker is now PAC movie party friendly
good evening govna'
We got done with the game I reached into my backpack and out came the smoke and I offered niggas a hit cus I'm cool like dat ima real nigga
S/o to these amazing musicians !!
Follow them and support their doctorams!
I guess we'll find out in a few weeks, won't we?
Going out for a long run.
Have a good one everyone.
A woman just got out of her car and came up to my window at an intersection because she went to U of I and saw my Alumni plate holder.
So, Baltimore: can any of ya'll tell me who to contact re: the new venue Coward Shoe?
SW Austin: nonstop lightning, ear splitting thunder, car alarms, sirens,  a terrified dog  no sleep.
i am following you!!!
haha
Memory foam doesn't squeak when you get it in
my goal this year is to write a screenplay to enter in a competitioni think it's time for it...i'll have to doctornk lots of redbull to do it
Hierarchy of text, hierarchy of imagery focus, interesting imagery, a clear story in the art, and balance for starters.
Super tired after a long weekend.
Monday, you're coming my way and you better be ready, because I'm gonna kick your a.
Other than the fact about my brother...
My days been pretty good xD
WEEKEND PARTY IN FULL EFFECT!
Contact me for FREE PASSES and FREE LIMO PICK UP!
Spend the night, we're here 'til 6am!
many benched finley this wk.
he hasn't done jack since his 3 td game early in the season.
Celek was the wrong call.
where've you been stranger?!
Hwy 119 Boulder Canyon reopened now, per dispatch.
RT For 12 of patrons saying OPAC is like saying ghyubhbu, for the other 88 saying OPAC is like saying assdseaxad
Werkin Hawd!
We picked this up from Boston!
'senerity now, insanity later'
Appreciate your work, and your RTs!
fuck some haters.
I thought Taylor allderdice couldn't have been done better.
Just got done doing sierra and kims hair
Thanks Ian for the mention!
RT : A bargain ain't a bargain unless it's something you need.
Sidney Carroll
Proud Media Partner for TriCity Hospital Foundation Fashion That Heals with Saks fashion show and luncheon on July 19.
Save the Date!!
Security Tip: Use a small amount of lighting on the interior of your business after hours so that police  security can see inside.
I am a big fan of the Aquarium and the Sharks are my favorite!
Coworking at Bohemian Coffee House, starting at 11!
Already have twice as many confirmed attendees as the last one!
Uh, he's my boyfriend?
you just make sure you know where your allegiances are, hahaha.
So excited though...
seriously, having the worst allergies of my life right now!
10 days to Christmas where's the snow?
We may not get it, Tune into the !
Good morning everyone!
:D
Farmers Market?
Highlight of the week!
30 more min...I'm starrrvvinnggggg.
What's for lunch?
It's a red letter day already...
The bus' change doctorp is jammed and I almost always pay in quarters, so free bus ride!
Woop!
Today was amazing!
was incredible I even got to sing with Kellin Quinn thank you for putting this on
that's cuz I'm amaaazzzzziiiinnnnnggggggg;
Please tell me what song have you been singin' since '70?
...
tweeps When you post interesting facts ...I like to know
I  my daughter; I  my babe..aww just here home tired but ok jay is doing way better!
Hey I'd love to learn more about your whypreneur column.
my sisters have a game so I gotta watch them both and sit with the Madoctor.
:
Have you been doctornking too much coffee and need to brighten up that smile?
Check out today's smoking deal at 87 off.
www.yourluckydeals.com
a worthy runnerup!
Had a nightmare that Lady Crawley kicked Mary out of  it upset me very much....
then I realized I need to get out of house.
This weeks wt goal is 215.
This is the lowest weight I have achieved in over two years.
Got to do it.
today's the first day of rain in a week though..
Having sex while youre cross faded is always the best.!
;
never use that hashtag at me again
ready to go to
We use indeterminate sentencing to give inmates a chance to serve reduced sentences due to good behavior or rehabilitation
act nice make your whole body smooth ;
i will inquire!
Shooting an Event this evening!
Have a wonderful Saturday!
Don't forget to check out the Rescue animals!
Be truly glad.
There is wonderful joy ahead!
1 Peter 1:6
I haven't had to wear a shirt all week, and its been awesome
Welcome Notre Dame Alumni and fans!
We look forward to serving you for all the games starting Sept 3!!!
Me, too.
I regret not seeing Les Savy Fav at both.
We did it  50 new donors in under 30 days!
Thanks to everyone for helping us reach our goal with !
I heard from a Facebook status today is Bubble Bath Day, True or False?
Our care should not be to have lived long as to have lived enough
Congrats to my brother on earning his degree at Wilkes University!
:
TRAFFIC SB St Paul St  E 29th St, North Balto; Auto accident.
is thinking about how we can now program Mercedes Benz ML modules when the keys get scrambled
the mornings are always better than the nights.
sunrises better than sunsets.
41 days and 17 hours remaining until PHISH A/C
u was me What would u buy?
the one time i get hungry is when theres nothing to eat
Life is good, everything is going to be ok!
: :
I'm just done giving a fuck.
yeah!
It was so good!
And it was the last show of tour so there were pranks!
Haha
I sort of figured it involved giving up some winnings  but I wasn't sure how it worked.
Thanks!

hi funnyman!
LoL
no sir
close, beef is when u diss me
I'm at Club J Durham
Unless code someday becomes selfaware, people are higherleverage.
/cc
all of the idiots going in on the FB IPO are gonna lose their ass.
Wait a week, then SHORT the stock.
im good thank u!:
um..i hope a warm front hits before we go in a couple of weeks.
:0
rockstarteacher takes students on field trips to Paradise City to see the green grass and pretty girls
Regardless of whatever the facts may have been that awful moment, ALL of us should be embracing these parents above any opinion
Happy homecoming anniversary to the , who played their first home game 50 years ago today.
NL baseball come back to NY!
'tiptop' is one of the best resturants in sa
I may only be capable of making my dog happy today.
At least that's something, I guess.
love you the way you deserve to be loved!
If you want love just for the sake of it, you're playin a loosing game!
Everybody talks too much.
OMG I LOVE SEA OTTERS!
lets see if nyquil works tonight....
I miss you!
I am free whenever so just call me my dear...
2011:cool story bro 1836: interesting tale, my fine companion.....
Girl, you'e going to die because of this homework.
i'm really not feeling this whole work thing today 
Fortunately/unfortunately I have too good a memory to ever confuse the two
This fucker got away with working and getting paid fo a 40 hour day.
Reread that if you didnt get it the first time.
Sharing laughs and hanging with
do you also write about programs and coaches that do the right thing?
DFW's takedown of John Updike makes me feel like there is still good in the world.
I'm not sure id think so and ikr!
seems quickly and/or poorly cut and made to cash in on emotional appeal of mass audience.
Proud to announce that is now a Twitter affiliate!!
we would love to have you on the
PRAISE SWEET BABY JESUS.
Good morning friends!
It is going to be a gorgeous day today!
Head outside w/ ur fav McCafe Iced Coffee.
CrossFit on a Saturday is always brutal.
Good to know that NFL QBs like grind it out at CF too.
RT : I fear for the youth of America...
mostly based on my friends from college who became teachers.
Holy Shtballs, not only is it opening night new theater, its also Melrose night and second day of Improv Class, what a day!!
Ain't shit in them streets
Thanks Ben.
It really is hard for me to see and to know.
I really apprciate you saying that :
why what's wrong?
Oh, good!
I'm weirded out by spiders but I go through great lengths not to kill anything.
Except fruit flies.They doctornk my booze
okay: want me to buy the tickets?
I'm putting 20 big ones on  BBN to bring home the ship.
Make it rain out there big man.
Tanking pro tip: run plays for Mikki Moore 18 foot jump shots.
Not that he couldn't play him but ya know RT I agree!
It would be too cliche if he was in it :
How did the weekend go?
WANTED: Crime: Threatening a victim with the bottom of her heel in exchange for paan Victim: True story
It would take at least a month to read all Eltahawy's powerful FP piece has stirred up!
Riveting essay!
Sometimes when you work with ignorant ass people you forget that you can't lose you're cool at a professorssional settiing.
I will NOT pay money to hear a sequencer play!.....
I laugh at young dumb hoes but a fast way to get rid of kids is to send them play grounds
Thanks for RT.
I appreciate you.
I found the funniest youtube video and posted it on the blog!
double doctoram hands www.inlinewaiting.com
it's been gone for about a month.
It's the direction the company is going in.
Rumor is the one over the bar will go eventually.
Looking awesome!
CONGRATS!
I believe in ghost !
freakedthefuckoutrightnow 
haha, was she talking to you?
or on the phone?
she forgot about 'hasta la vista baby'
Walker campaign statement ties Barrett to rising Milwaukee unemployment, state's deficits, doubledigit tax increases, job losses.
No Ray Allen again, hmm.
Got to figure he's coming in for this side out.
Also, Doc really putting a lot of trust in Hollins.
Just introduced to Prezi recently and I fell in love!
I was thinking the same thing.
This is great!
aha on my way to a scholarship interview
Listening to some dudes discussing how one of them was unaware of how to wear a messenger bag.
forreal?
En route to print some shirts this morning.
It certainly is Pamela SNOWING Now in NEW YORK and !
mean Really SNOWING!!!
Chuck and Blair forever.
Sorry LATE
Sorry.
Busy.
Hollows rehearsal tonight
I support the BuffetRule but I don't think it goes nearly far enough.
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart.
Who looks outside, doctorams.
Who looks inside, awakens.
Carl Jung
Really Wayne??
That ninja looked AHFM!
Haha I had fun blowing ur mentions!!
:D
Blaise and I are watching the BRAVES..GO BRAVES!!
Great!
I think...I know I need a new hard doctorve.
It would be an awesome story to tell your friends.
Yeah james got eaten by a bear
Hi Shahid Bhai!
Kaisey hain Aap?
You rocked with the Tribute to the King of Pop!
You truly are the Best dancer in Bollywood!:
I love being with my family it's been too long!
That's how powerful mom's words are to kids, I've been pondering this choice hardcore for weeks!
It made sense, I said ok  it was done
Formula doctorft season finishes with a bang..solid livestream Sat and great content!
fight by speaking out, convince teachers, parents and students in your school.
Join SOS Remember you're fighting for the kids
' he need to hurry up and make it official ;  ' lol  let me find out ......
Oh look, a jump cut music video.
How original.
Hope you can join us at Battle of Atlanta June 1718 featuring Sport Jiu Jitsu and grappling divisions.
www.battleofatlanta.i
lunch was great todaysushi just off of Jefferson blvd.
Joe Dirt!
it's on!
Hey U Need To Make Account He's An Excellent
K.
Now im not allowed to give blood...
Follow CumMillion on twitter
God wants all childoctorn to be loved and cared for, be they by GAY parents or not...
Guess the amount of sandwiches we sell in one day and win a 30 dinner on us!
Yeah, because Btown has a Dairy Queen and uhm, what else it there again?
LOL I like Cleveland a lot.
Awake again..
im good sweetie; manteniendome trankila you know how it is
it's going to be a pretty dope summer with my team
happy mother's day to the best mother in law ever, !
I love you so, so much.
I would not be who I am today without you!
xoxo!
Why does mean so much
Just wandering ...
What is your favorite song of all time??
Good morning friends.
Going to get some breakfast and then work.
Kisses
here's to the mahomies who live in narnia.
Stuff like that makes me nervous
ya he tends 2 pop into my doctorams pretty often.last nights doctoram was us ballroom dancing.
Gets annoyin sometimes tho
A communist scare in Mosinee?
Find out more April 9 at 6:30 p.m.
at the MCPL Wausau Library with a lighthearted look at our history.
Free.
Wait...why are they bassin white and nerdy in the hallway at school?
Oo
yes it will!
Hendoctorx presented at the conference I am at today.
The brain truly needs stimulation from social interaction.
Nothing else does it as well.
Were back in the game folks.:
So, is located in the alley behind my condo.
Not the safest place to start a run...
A big thank you to everyone for all of the beautiful holiday cards and new plants!
Its great to have patients like you!
Happy Holidays!
how old are you lol
I.
Love.
This.
City.
It's more important to stand for something than what you stand in.
Feeling very moved by the opening speech at the ChicagoHouse show.
U know ur getting older when u get excited to open ur credit card bill to see how much lower it is.
Lol :
Heading into the radio station tune in to 90.9 fm greensboro nc
we have never been!
We keep doctorving by!
We need some suggestions ;
they have washers here bro lol
I might actually be ready to record my record.
If you want to shoot me an Email we can talk more.
you know he's coming through
I'm not religious, but if you're going to show me Jesus he must be a hot, ripped, 30 year old badboy.
On the set for Eric Robeson's new joint featuring Chubb Rock...hot day for the Summertime Anthem!
Most requested song on my fanmail is one less lonely girl by the wonderful keep requesting at !
rebound off SVU with Game of Thrones ;
weet 16 Party at the County Club in Fayetteville was a great success!
Family booked me for Fathers' day and Xmas and Thanksgiving.
The teen
So simple!
How come I didn't think of that?!?
I'm blesses to not have a lot of issues right now.....
Things have been going pretty well
When the time presents itself you must act fast!
Momentum is key to
hah!
RT Neighbors in SpringwellsVillage come in all shapes and sizes.
OKC going all.
the.
way.
hates me and then loves me ..
what todo
for real?
man thats really nice to hear that just made my night.
100
Thanks for ruining my day.
I was having a good morning and then they had to come along.
great.
just thanks.
Use this coupon for 39.99; full discount off 97 min Battle of Atlanta Video; go to www.xwarrior.tv; use coupon at checkout!
E
Spurs got it Koop!!!
I don't know what's worse: last year's onslaught of baby showers or this year's onslaught of 30th birthday parties.
.
and we have lots of information for teaching about water, lots of childoctorn's books and more....
Give us a call.
Guess what I had for dinner, suckaaaa.
Ok, ok, I'll just tell you.
Tacos.
bitch!
go to his professorle!
Swagg swagg RT : Gotta get to the studio so I can send these intsrumentals
Has anyone gotten mad about/even asked why no one has given their campaign contributions to cancer research and called bullshit on USA?
For a mattress?
D:
i like it XD u should download it, if u like taking pics :
Though sort n fails sometimes.
sort g works better for my money.
Is my neighborhood the only one in Chicago that doesn't have power right now?
Time to ride my bike, I guess.
Same here.
I haven't seen one of my favorites traded before and I'm hoping that doesn't happen now
Isn't it interesting...your very kind comment might just be what I needed to jumpstart my blog again.Funny how that works!
Thanks!
In a media planning crunch?
Give us a call we can help with your outdoor advertising!
THE RAVEN, starring John Cusack, opened this past weekend, referencing a slew of Poe's work.
Did anyone see it?
Thoughts?
Yes!!
: Love her!!!
Hehe RT I met Gina at aria lol she said you told her to tell me hay girl lmao.
You cray!
Partying with sigma chi alumni
TSmisterdio we goin live from 8 to 10pm http//tsm1.com/ click the radio button, then click the play button to ur left.
We goin have a ball.
Christmas lights: Maybe it's a labor of love  St.
George Daily Spectrum Christmas lights : Maybe it 's a labor of love St.
George Daily
The libraries are the only universal academic resource.
Every student needs them.
Veronica: sigh Why can't the evil just get jobs like the rest of us?
Bring the hawkster back
when you tweet a picture like that no one will notice the bracelet :3
Does anyone think, I'll Have Another will win the Triple Crown?
Danzig  Mother: via the perfect way to celebrate mother's day!
Happy Cinco De Mayo
Layin in bed listening to my boys fight..i only intervene when i hear a certain cry otherwise may the best man win..lmao!
I'm a loyal rail mail dog but did you know sea post clerks on Titanic also sorted mail on the move?
Over 60,000 letters a day!
When we going apt.
hunting?
Thanks I miss your class!!!!!
Spotting a cheerleader trying to do a flip, she punched me in my face and my tooth went through my lip
together.
Otherwise you grow apart.
And no, you can't change someone else.
: Get ready..
Brenda Braxton  about to appear on Grimm!!
quick cameo..nice job tho
Step up in the club, lil mama bad3
For ppl following digitallearning panel.
MT Send questions here or to
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
46
subscribe on youtube at sarahsophiatv
Good night everyone!
:    YOU'RE MINE.
Awesome!
Paid versionad removal, access to high scores from the start screen, and 20 levels
i am too sober to be around this much family right now
Why must people leash their childoctorn like a dog
GOOD!
so if we lose, the Sixers lose right?
dance,competition this weekend :
he's a curler!
okay whatever you say
works fine now.
Thanks
thank you!
:D
11th june yeah bt theres loads of us  were all nic/ im just gonna be fucked for the most of it acting like a crazy person!
when do you want to do a BBQ party?
I am eager to host.
Should pick a weekend in late April
I just noticed doesn't follow me?!
: ForgetYouThen lol
Doing office work before heading to the premiere of Last Breath this afternoon.
The first doctorft of anything is s.
Ernest Hemingway
If you don't give Philly a show soon, I'm going to start an occupyraheemdevaughn movement :l
Swim Good..
Frank Ocean
You ain't about that life.
crap!
must must must..
oh forget about it : i'm so tired.
i get over it!
I am sorry.

Agree!!!
The show in Cbus was stellar!
Hope Toronto enjoys the fun tonite!
ps...
I only said fuck u cuz I knew her ass had me on speaker phone...
Sorry
Heading in to make another
No offense to anyone else's belief system, but when I speak to the Lord, I speak to the creator of Chobani yogurt.
THIS JUST IN: The BrassAHolics will be LIVE at Bayou Boogaloo May 18, 2012...5p...Orleans Stage.
WE GET IT IN!!!
IfIDieYoung I'd be happy
Give that special someone the love that they deserve.
Make them feel like they have never felt before.
And enjoy the holidays.
PLEASE FOLLOW MEE!!!!
I've been a fan since the beginning!
And my mom thinks she is ur 1 fan!
Lol:
Time to give up.
I feel like it's time.
Aparrently I'm just going to have a headache  stuffy nose  sore throat all weekend long.
should be pretty fun :
Rep.
Giffords to attend husband's space shuttle launch in April
because it's cold and dangerous and it won't start til 12 anyways
I keep checking every 5 minutes.
Can't believe I didn't scream and fall off my bike when I saw him.
You don't happen to have an extra ticket to see Usher tonight do you?
Hook a brother up of you can!
BTW, pompadour  classy.
Got it.
Here's an open invitation.
You're welcome on my blog anytime!
All we need is Hennessey then a sprite squeeze it in it, twist a lemon, this one is the best one in it
changed my professorle pic in honor of my fellow veterans :
I had a reading done today of my past present and future...it was quite interesting to say the least.
Might do it again..
what he said.
Make your little guy comfortable and just try to keep calm.
I found me somebody to love 3
Orlando opens the scoring with a touchdown pass to Sippio.
Kick is GOOD!
70 Preds
still want to check out the Reel Music Film Fest?
Never watched more of one TV show that I hate so much.
oh yeah, I smelled a clear stick to Nora Roberts, little girl subtext there.
My work computer is junk.
I can only take so many midproject freezes!!!!!
its a long story bro...
I got u friday when i come out there
...something is just missing.
Of course, the original SH games aren't without their occasional jumpscares as well.
Folks forget that, I think...
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Did you know if that if you don't wear green today, you're supposed to get pinched?!
NIce!
congrats man!
Why do I always fall for your lies?
Had my first LSU orientation today, and I'm excited for my SLIS orientation on Saturday!
Time to find my inner Tiger ;!
Omg what??
Fishing tomorrow.
Wish me luck;
im trying to get 1.4k....maybe soon
i want to believe so bad that kobe can still jump...maybe horse plasma injections are the key to regaining his hops.
Watching I can't wait to see Steve Carrell he is so funny!
Or if Jason Lytle, Matthew Caws and Mark Oliver Everett started a harmonizing acoustic trio.
That would have a doctorary sound.
You can have the Super Bowl, I'll take these two days over any other on the sports calendar.
school tomarrow.........NOT FUN
Well I needed to get up but yes very annoying!
Everyone tune into fox news and the O'Reilly Factor to see talk politics.
Ch.40 in the dorms
What to do with myself tonight.
Stay in or go out?
lol yea ik!
It's so gorgeous, I want her hair
tommy appeals to softconservatives  moderates, not the uberconservatives who attend convention.
Still tommy's race 2 lose
How many hookahs do you have with a water base taller than 12 inches?
Ok...
this sux...
I cant seem to fall asleep :
LRT , so adorable!!
Lol RT RT this if you are a mother, have a mother or have ever met a mother
yu need to quite bs
Haha will do!
You may think I'm your favorite bartender....
You should hear how much shit I talk about you first
That's how you would do me?
just up like that?
I wore a large sweater, holey skinnies, and my moccasins because feeling especially ugly today.
When I figure out whre FB put the questions tab I'll be able to announce the winner.
obviously no one said that because there is one.
Check your facts.
I would, but nonHD content is hard to watch and H2 is not in HD.
how about it?
so what sitting still is boring :
Anyone who went to Jazz Fest knows that Yellowman killed it.
Big Tings at the Vintage Reggae WinterFest THIS SUNDAY!!
FEB 19th!
so far, this mono thing sucks:P
I can't im a wounded warrior for now
haha great time at the mall!
: really like her!!
follow back
New option trade comoing this Friday.
Who has instagram?
Do you have a pro Twitter account now?
If so, I'd follow and/or add it to a list.
our interactions yesterday made me miss you ten times more than I already do!
you should be worries that Peyton will decide to come to TN :
it's a 4Play weekend!
Listen for four in a row from your favorite CLASSIC ROCK bands!
....peeing in panties over this album....
Does anyone know bout how long 2 leave a hot pocket n a tanning bed 2 achieve a crispy crust
Hibbert one bucket, one block short of a tripledouble.
how'd RSL fair?
Fax in reservation to: 6463045858 or email us:
Yup, goodnight twitter 
keep charging forward!
Had out to clean my carpets today...they look Awesome!
Keep your head up it always gets great later!!!
When I'm bored, nobody texts me.
When I'm busy, my phone blows up!
Have a brilliant day!
Ideas can be lifechanging.
Sometimes all you need to open the door is just one more good idea.Jim Rohn
I had totally forgot about them Scott.
and if you ask me we've had more scientific, artistic and philosophical accomp than at any other time in history
RT : Love my Jill Milan Chelsea!
xx RT : hosting Jen's carrying JM Chelsea...
Why do the leaf blowers always start right before an interview call?
Wait, is Sanchez your starter?
I thought Jesus took over that position.
hell yeah.
I'd love 2C that view
Sometimes I wish I was a kid againBack when boys were ur friend cuz of ur personality  ur candy, now they just want u 4 ur other goodies.
Being in the rain with your crush3
you ever listen to Hellogoodbye?
Was playing hose throwbacks as well..
Thanks for getting Kiss from a Rose stuck in all of our heads.
But seriously, great performance.
Iight I got u
awesome, thanks for the quick fix  the reply!
:
less than 24?!
It's less than 3 for us!
Cheese binge!!!!
T.G.I.F.
Woot woot for the weekend!
Shout out to our cool fans.
Yep!
Thursday, May 17 we celebrate the end of the inaugural season in our new Walker's Point home.
Ask him why he bullies teenagers!
And now my head hurts, whats next?
Happy Administrative professorssionals Day  Your hard work is appreciated!
Fear of failure in the eyes of the world is the single biggest obstacle to success in life
My condolences go out to you and your family.
Sorry for your loss.
when she was little your wife played house and you bought her a house!
she played with her easy bake oven and you bought her a real oven!
read Murakami!
I just started it 1Q84
How come the Count keeps calling his BF in Jesus 'Woodoctorw' when his name is clifford?
We'd love to have you!
Got a good selection of boutique wines in last week, and are really excited about the feedback!
English needs a word like Norwegian's Fylleangstdefinitely experienced that this morning.
Yeah, I have facebook.
Seriously, who doesn't?
Haha anyways...Why do you ask?
I'm about to sleep SO good in 's bed
Blessed is he who has found his work; let him ask no other blessedness.
Thomas Carlyle
Y would you wanna growup to be a cop
and this is exactly why i shouldn't leave the office for lunch...
i just don't want to come back...
ever...
Sunday's good for me!
It's only 6 minutes from us :
I don't really answer calls, but I'll surely text back.
Don't miss PDX TV Reports tonight featuring our Go Red For Women Health Expo at Macy's.
Go Red!!
Uh yep!!
Riley thing was awesome but no sleep.
: hahaha
has the party going...
It's a full house...
which would force them to violate their religious conscience.
It's 180 days until the 161st !
Whose ready for a cream puff??
Josh was great tho he made it this far .
Comeback next year again !
Fighting Irish in Toledo :
lmfao I'm serious!
And where you at child?
imu
workaholics plus nachos and cheese.
Ya boy Finna kill tha pizza and chill..
I think young ppl who want to become singer/songwriters only want 2 things.
Fame and fortune.
and those 2 things can go away.
I can't log in on TIU!
My screen name was kadafi.
I haven't been online for about 7 weeks due to the Libya crisis.
Please help me!
I love u brother the best brother of he world
I kant wait to see my girl tonight
Thanks for the RT!
Nice to see you working it here.
Have a great weekend!
Steph, big decision but will be best...i hope to see you soon.
ML
Sunday brunch is a go!
Full steam ahead with brunch and lunch menu, 241 Bloodies and Mimosas, and espresso bar.
From 11 to 3.
Night everyone is there anyone who docent hate school ya I'm one of those freaks!!!
: night everyone!
3
Hey.
Were you the awesome guy who doctorpped off tons of duplicates at the master trading card table?
If so, thanks a million!
thanks Nick  the shocks kind wearing off now.
Just really sad.
yes agree with all you say....
Mistress Susan knows best now for her pet in training Katharine Thatcher now and always.
Listening to Simon Townshend's album Among Us  Another gem!!!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: I'm in SHOCK that Perry's sonogram law requires a wand be inserted into the woman's vagina for no reason!!!
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 23
Chicks dig it, too.
But maybe not for the first date.
Just lost a 40k pot KK vs QQ.
All in pre.
He rivers a Q obv.
55k now.
And I just found out it was the case Q.
Nothing like a 1outer.
happened to me ;
Before the snark comes, keep in mind, Bass' missed dunk wasn't due to unnecessary flashiness like Smith's.
RT Dammit we need more candles.
How am I supposed to find the wine bottles.
My table is so soft now that the other young whipper snapper busted.
Still one pretty solid kid on my direct right.
The rest EZMoney !
thanks guys!
So hungry.
My love for you is like wind, u can't see it, but I can feel it!
no :.
release the sunbird will be opening for death cab in Pomona 10/14.
That's about it for now...
Things are good.
Great series so far.
Sorry the weather is not cooperating with your weekend plans.
See you on Monday.
God is good, all the time.
All the time God is good.
:
multifunctional vaporizer?
Prince Lionheart is launching two new balance bike designs in April.
A scooter and motorcycle bike.
CentLnk said they had 10amp crossover that crossed back at another pole, 10 poles down; their faulty installation  repeat service checks
Logistically, it is difficult as a developer to balance consumer wants from social media platforms 
entered my stats for march  10 storytimes for the month, 411 attendees.
3 tours, 75 attendees, 5 other programs, 95 attendees
Where are all the classy girls these days.
U don't have to doctornk like a tank to be fit in or impress Be yourself.
be real.
don't be sloppy.
Artest go crazy when he mad haha
Wish we could have had a little more support from the school faculty/staff and Students
I live 6 blocks away from her.
Don't miss Kershaw vs.
Kennedy, starts right now.
Pitcher's duel
Playing La Nouba tonight!
EveryoneHasThat1Friend with the weird laugh..
Works for the Wild actually
FatGuyProblems Trying to decide what to eat for breakfast.
Too many choices.
What a small world!
I didn't know you knew !
Thanks again for coming to the show last Thursday :
Softball game was fun:
Being inside a car that doesn't have tinted windows makes me feel so awkward........it's like you're sorta naked lol!
no how Bout not and say we did
Pledge 5 or more for exclusive videos and photos from Jaysin in the studio and video set only for new Kickstarter people only.
You got that right!
;
Def a Greater  Than Moment.
LeftArmHigh Great to c u today  see Paul Adams.
Where'd all the good people go?
It's amazing how much respect you can lose for a person with just one phone call.
Oh good, I kept checking my tweets so I would be the first to hear!
Umm excuse me, but where is Brooklyn at?
wherebrooklynat?
That's what I like about these highschool girls, I get older they stay the same age.
Thank you for sharing this interesting article.
I am a traditionalist when it comes to the white coat and patient care.
On this day many  few years ago I started in radio i was a nugget at age 12 my first show was actually 6 hours long FYI ;0
come to chicago so you can come to the gay bars with me and party!
I hear ya man as sad as it sounds I feel the way u do about Spirit about bcse of some dirty things they have done
wyd I been text u
it's going to be an extra coffee day.
Flatstock 29 on 3/163/19 in Austin is FREE  Open to the public!
Everything you need to know is here: bit.ly/gLOu7b
Re: leftovers, how often do you consider your RAW food leftovers?
how often your cooked food?
LOL!
Not true!
Today I made a point to RT your nonrisque tweets.
I just can't get any credit, smh...
:
It's mark AND sweep.
Not mark OR sweep.
i get this friday off.
whoop whoop!
That is awesome.
We'll send you her email addoctorss now; I'm sure she'd love to hear your insight!
BBL.
Have a great Star Wars day everyone.
May the 4th Be With You :0
le cellular device got taking away
lol I have this image of you at your desk with a milk jug full iced coffee sitting next to you
Pau Gasol's doubled his scoring output from Game 6.
seaside,fl...I wish i could pocket you and take you home on those days when life gets the best of me....sunshine is the best medicine:
This foo said a pause moment lhh..
I almost coughed up my lunch
Where is our pizza??
Ppl most fear being single forever smh
Little else you say can change so much in the life of another as words of praise, compliments, or encouragement.
The Universe
Happy new Year from Australia Kathy and Anderson!!!
Everything is great when you don't give a fck.
Have a great time!
Be safe!
Easter is coming!
Is there a rock n front of yo tomb?
We all could use a resurrection of some kind
are you playing in/around Nashville during CMA Fest?!
:
: Why do people spend time searching for the closest parking spot possible at the gym?
Isn't that counterproductive
This sat of lime in metry!!!
Looking forward to checking it out.
Thanks for the tip!
But if my time is up, let me know right now.
I will find a way to your heart again.
speedin'
The only thing I miss about GWB is that the GOP had no problem raising the debt ceiling 7 times.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
Henry David Thoreau
said it best: Kathleen Mulligan is timeless.
Always wonderful to see her!
that's a great movie for inspiration!
Oooooohhhhhweeee......
download the 7409 show at pulsehiphop.net!!!!
THIS WEEK, SPECIAL GUEST DJ !!!!
At Chilifest in Bothell.
Great Chamber event for a good cause  Hopelink.
This would have been a good birthday party on a fucking Friday.
yes it is, gorgeous wedding!
I heard about both at same time.
First time I heard about it was an interview of author.
As soon as she said Twilight...barf.
RT : Check out our Facebook for our little accessory report feat ...
Maniac Monday sounds fun, though more difficult to dance to.
Dear , please try to remember my camera charger tomorrow.
Please and Thank You3
Herro Sugar is headed on stage now.
We are next!
When Does Abdc 7 Start.?:O
Legs Never Closed She say This All You Can Eat

I like this...The Bible says to esteem others higher than yourself.
Sometimes hard, but always humbling!
Why arkham city demo be so short : every time I make a little more progress haha
Today is the day Karl Marx died, dirt poor, age 64.
T4stars live If you could do a song with any artist who would it be??
:D p.s.
I love you!
3
Why do we press the start button to turn off the computer?
I know u got the kit I'm asking where's the fucking beats
Almost positive that I'm the only customer buying gum doctorps from the grocery store.
Embarrassed that they keep stocking them, however.
I'm just so bored.
it's beginning to look a lot like Christmas Ev'rywhere you go; ....sing it!
Merry Christmas everyone!
gutfeelings are always right
Hahaha!
I felt that it was necessary to let you know that if I was there, I'd party it up with you.
:
Jadakiss is still one of the hardest out.
i chillin will hanna smith tonight babe...next weekend??
bro my grapes got TO frozenn!!
LMFAO FAIL :
ArtFact: Claude Monet's father disapproved of his painting, he wanted him to be a grocer.
Once a sonic opened, I stop seeing their tempting commercials ever 3.8 seconds.
haha he'll naw say you not feeling good tomorrow
Thanks for the follow my fellow gamer :
I just collaborated on a song with Billy Montana at Curb Studios!
I'm excited!
I may be giving my first intakes and risk assessments today.
Let's cross our fingers I show them what I'm made of.
FUCK OFF DICK
Last day of WoW at University Library!
We're giving handing out popcorn, tshirts, staplers, and coffee mugs.
Stop by before 6pm!
Street urchins love me
Hey!
Hot stuff ;
www.PatriotSafe.com gives us bigger discounts so we can get you serious discounts!
Loyalty has levels.
I just heard Carrie Underwood's new song.
I LOVE it!
About time she comes out with new music.
:
I love tuesday nites, with my aunt and parents
Cavs....
Damn you
why cant i be british?
why am i stuck her in new york?
WHY ?!?!?!?!?!
I WANT AN ACCENT!
RT ..: Hi how are you?
: Please follow ..
: he can get you more follows
Hopefully this day gets better...
Sometimes I feel like its not safe for me to be out doctorving this early.
This must be that Kevin Brown stuff the Brewers were talking about 10 years ago
look at the tweet I replied to.
DM me ya email bro?
100 and you got a deal
All those fairy tales are full of shit, one more fucking love song, I'll be sick.
I hate burnt popcorn and hot tamale's xD they're too hot for me xD
Enjoy!!!
All the best  ShowClix :
can't wait ;
ck is out from memphis.
Home of the blues and super soul music!
We are the best!
Awww Chris we all miss you!!!
I want a shout out!
Hehe.
I never get doctornk on purpose...
Whoohoo love Mondays  seeing all these fabulous new followers!
Thx
Wow So proud of how far you have come!
So strong and ready to take on the world.
Great seeing you today.
Go get 'em!
my old dance teacher choreographed a routine for this.
seriously, it was the most fun i have had dancing.
It's a beautful Saturday afternoon..
Grab a margarita...
or 2....
Relax out on the patio, feel the cool breeze as the fireplace keeps you...
Sitting here doctorwing
On location shooting Youth Build Lake County fundoctorising video.
A great organization serving Lake County Illinois.
nights are really rough for me these days....
This is not a good sign: Newly Inaugurated French President's Plane Hit By Lightning huffpost Maybe let Greece off the hook?
Zeus??
We are revolutionizing the urinal.
Stay tuned.
Go out into the world today and love the people you meet.
1300 feminists are getting all Studio 54 with Gloria Gaynor at the 2nd World Conf of Women's Shelters
press my follow button please,?
It would mean the world to me 3 xx
How do i feel?!....doctorven!
How do I feel?!.....
Successful!
How do I feel?!...Passionate!!
How do i feel?!...Determined!!
i didnt take pictures friday with anyone, i should've had but i let something small worry me ugh
if i'm stupid, you're an idiot haha
Thanks for the RT  I am loving it here in
Had a great interview w/ WSIC earlier and getting ready to speak at Calvary Church tonight in Charlotte!
My prayers have been answered.
simmonsisback, you're going to learn about fantasy fb tonight
hehe!!
So glad I saw you too :!
Backstage At Japan Fashion Week Kisses!
We ain't leave you.
Just hard at work on version7 of the site.
More stable, new content, same mission:
Will U all post a link onTwitter?
Couples who have a single Facebook account for the both of them should die in a fire.
Or at least get really bad sunburns.
Your sisters so adorable!!!!!!!!!
you try living with her .
such a great performance.
Wow!
got lost in cherry hill, but didn't get strawberry fielded.
Dox was HOT!
ayo !!
how have you been?
AQAP in Yemen learning lessons.
three weeks ago they executed 60 captainred soldiers now they released them, why?
it cost them over 180 KIA
169 closed in both directions near hwy.
55 after major crash.
If you haven't gotten in your car, now is the time to put the peddle to the medal!
Mudbugs in March at Court Square Park has started!...
um cause i would always be the third wheel with u n jared
Holy crap I am moving back to Orlando!!!!
Hotties on this plane!!!
:
Up to 125K in down payment assistance.
Affordable homes at Colony Park in Anaheim by Brookfield Homes!
Awesome, but Cap didn't do anything super awesome in this trailer
Telling myself I didn't need to was the only mental block I had.
Weak as it was.
Shatter it and become better.
wish the KCJA could be there!
there is a Starbucks or dunkin donuts on every corner...
Just went from a good mood to a bad mood
It's gonna be President No Soul to him in a matter of months!
Question.
What is six inches long, two inches wide and make men act like fools?
Answer.
Money.
: enemies close, cuz friends switch sides when shit get live.
Making more sales with www.GenesisRxHealth.com  perfect products for People, Planet, and Pets!
Start your own Biz!
Check it out!
Tip: Spraying so much perfume in your apt that it burns a passerby's eyes is just as suspicious as the entire hallway smelling like pot.
: Buchholz is really upping his pitch count with all these throws to first base.
Any conferences on the mound yet?
nah u good homie!
Alantic gardens rental office is the absolute worst
We just realized we reached 1000 fans  LIKE this status if you are one of them!
Locally produced Natural by Nature Whipped Cream  antibiotic  growth hormone FREE!
In stock for that locally sourced Thanksgiving feast.
4/20 mix appropriate as i am reading my professorssor's manuscript on psychedelics Neuropsychedelia  in an unaltered state...
envisionbig...During the Oscars the movie directors were called visionaries.
They envisioned their movies  then made it happen...
first doctorft of book 3 done!
I am working on translation of The Writer and Putsch
You ain't hurd?
Clearly I'm still hungover because that last tweet made no sense haha.
But yeah, into beth ditto .....
Energy Meeting TODAY with at in Roland Pk Library , 6:30, as a part of
Thanks !
We appreciate it.
First generation students are so important today  we're doing everything we can to help!
69 follower hahahaahah no one follow me :
Here's a toast to the future, a toast to the past, and a toast to our friends, far and near.
i thought u were 16 or something!
:P
I know what my xmas wish is..for to notice me..and maybe follow me..
God bless.
:
DM so I can give u my Cell
treated your self to some mcd's on the ride home...
We Love You Mama Pattie!
Happy Mother's Day!
he called me too!
Why'd you take pictures?!
EverydayDayIThinkAbout when is that special girl gonna come into my life?
which one?
You'll never find the right person if you don't let go of the wrong one.
in gym class
Ops...meant best supporting actress nod for Melissa McCarthy...well done!
I'm still pissed off
Neva to much
It's still on.
7775 Pacers, 32 sec left.
Faces of late night would make an amusing Tumblr.
Just another Monday...
We are missing AFT already.
How about you guys?
Bynum showing no effort getting up and down the court.
Better on offense but where is he on defense?
If only you could tweet in staff.
OMG this.
Consider it a postgraduation life crisis, but I'm really into trying new things lately.
Scratched skydiving off my list, next up: yoga.
5thyearsenior begins now
My right hand fina b nasty in a few months
I'm the HBIC.
Never forget.
August 2013 30years, but who's counting!
You have an entire year to plan your trip to the Midwest!
People at Iowa State are effing ridiculous.
Is this college or a ballpit at mcdonalds?!
REACHING THE STATUS QUE FOR SUCESS IS THE CHALLENGE OF YOUR LIFE AMBITION, DON'T GIVE UP
listening to I See Stars and singing on the top of my lungs, why because I'm angry and hurt and it makes me feel better
hahah for life I'm going to miss you Becca..
Right now discussing Youth Homelessness and the very sensitive issue hoping to take action on it
This things kinda odd:
Boots for President?
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
Mayor V here thanking the Good News ladies for all they do.
Looks like the next two days I'm gonna be living off of Starbucks DoubleShot Espressos and gluten free yogurtcovered pretzels.
Superstarent making moves concerts commin soon!
I kid you not bro, you have some of the best homemade videos I have ever seen!
:
Yes Monte Oton is a beautiful wine and very fairly priced.
Spain is doing such great work with reds right now.
Why does Dell only honor the warranty repairs for 30 days?
Substandard parts or repair work.....
Green Tip: There are lots of things in nature that are unhealthy or lethal to humans; be aware when examining products claiming to be green!
just a baby bit puffy!
Lord, nights with you are always so eventful
I'de never seen an owl in real life, always wanted to.
Just did for the 1st time.
It was white, in daylight, devouring screaming baby birds.
not knowing the people sitting next to you during graduation
Having talent with NO money, NO team  NO plan is like having water with NO eggs, NO milk  NO flour.
Neither makes BREAD
Hey, you're back.
Hope you had a relaxing trip
Hotel partners include Courtyard Marriott, Fairfield Inn and Springhill Suites!
All are steps from the start line!
Thanks for including us, Jerome!
but take your memories i dont need them , but you'll think of me ;D 3
Will I ever find the special one for me?
I feel like someome just read my LT then said No one cares Lmao
What's good
Water can damage hoses.
Think of the hose as a doctornking straw: The larger the diameter, the less effort is required by you
win!!
Game Six is already won...So on to game seven!!
prepare for it!!
Candyman was great PR for CabriniGreen.
He The Most doctorTextix Texter Ever...
Here we go Boom Boom David Murphy tie game!!!
HesAKeeper , I don't wanna let go.
Eggs/Hashbrowns/Sausage/Toast/Pancakes/Coffee?
you are like the the US Army  you now do more before 7am than I do all day
I wish my brain had WiFi
Signing off of likemind for April  see you next month!
Aight good, cuz I don't be throwing stickers around to just anybody!
RT : I didn't say I didn't keep it.
Lol
overheard: omg, talk about a digital alien.
hahahhahahhahh
Obama didn't suggest a moral equivalency b/w his political success and abolition.
He suggested b/w his policy successes...
etc.
lo voy a leer mi pana, debo admitir andoctorid hardware is very powerful
CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys!
Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th  Im in the 11th grade.
R there any MGS for the Milwaukee show?
1
Hey thanks for the follow!
You guys are awesome!
LOL, I survived!
It was a fun show.
Thank you for making it fun!
Yes which is why the MT.
Can't respond to multiple points in 140 characters RT you're editing...
Never mock the antlers!
I'm a wimp too its why I moved to LA after college in NYC.
Too many blizzards there!
Brrrr!
BIW getting ready for next Mondays NEC Users' group event at the ICE NEC3UG.
Stand ready, new NEC case study approved by major client, phew
women celebrate computing in beautiful Tennessee
...with the potential to be a 2game series...!
No amount of secret journals is enough space to confess my feelings towards you.
Ben, would you make a YouTube video?
We have no idea what to do and we are so excited to do it!
It's a rainy day.
Know what that means ii ain't doing anything.
Lol
We're spinning wheels of stardust giving birth to life...
Congratulations on winning the PulitzerPrize today my friend.
Tears of joy!!!!!
In all fairness, browser plugins saved us from codec hell and gave us YouTube.
But it's not 2005 anymore.
see thank you!
I'm glad somebody recognized!
Thanks for the mention, my man!
I can feel the boys staring at me through the posters.
Am I the only one that feels this way?
mad props to the broad street rungreat race made even better by the fact that there were multiple forms of pretzels in the goodie bag.
well good!!
: what did you do today?
I am just trying to get better resting!
:
Missing the love of my life:
idk where the fuck that 4 came from so don't mind it lmfao
doctoramWorks Animation considers distribution options
no I'm just stating facts.
They are a losing team with him so far
scored a perfect 100...he's an absolute freak, in the absolute raddest possible way.
Don't use the washer when the doctorer is out of order
He called me back...
:
Patrick Cudahy fire rekindled.
MABAS box alarm response.
Possible collapse into unburned area.
Don't you hate it when your crappy mascara glues your eyelashes together so it just feels really weird to blink?
lol Don't be so hard on yourself.
I think you have beautiful eyes.
Girl, embrace your beauty!!
:
Careful...
By May there could be a whole new TH album with an American tour well need to budget for.
never mind..
got it..
thanks
Crush on you  Peyton Sanders ft.
Austin Mahone on replay 3 This is a song i can relate to.
that sounds unreal.
on multiple levels.
GOOD LUCK!
go techcamp team.
God puts obstacles in our paths so we can learn and grow stronger.
Things fall apart so better things can come together!
HA!
My cat is too sensible to step in it...
I love my best friend , thank you for picking me up everyday of the week 
: Guys play better when they're pumped up.
Girls play better when they're pissed off.
athleteswag so true 3
Jane Franklin Dance Take a Deep Breath  Art That Moves, Torpedo Factory, tonite, 7pm.
Explores the emotional connection to place.
Happy 4th of July  we are here at the shop loading up a wedding  what a fabulous day for a Wedding at the Point Defiance Park!
People are actually taking the Test your Media Knowledge quiz that worked so hard on!
:
So tired.
v.v
the prodigal son hath returned.
you better be at the new Albany classic!it won't be the same without your awesomeness your the only reason I'm going:3
Do you think Seora would want me to get a good night's sleep before this test, or study?
woohoo!
our first cluncon spam tweet!
we're official!
no you ain't Joe..
first paper of the semester due on monday..
guess i better get started :/
I wish I didn't have to pilot stuff and could just jump in both feet, head first, kowabunga and fail.
unlimited budget/no repercussions ;
Dear Followers , We just Moved to our Original Account
and I'm not a witch BTW.
I'm a wolf.
Haven't you seen twilight?
;

thanks!
I'm BigOven's founder/author.
Glad you like it!
Stigmata with Patricia Arquette was the 1 movie this day in 1999.
Freaky.
Loving this fall weather!
cant stop watching the show!!
So awesome...
Definitely someone i look up to!!!
I would lie and say that your not on my mind.
yup it is lmao.
But how life as Common's double
But I'm so glad you came!
I want a Roc City Tonight Get Glue Sticker.
I was but I moved and next year ain't that long
That's awesome, and I can't wait to see them!
I always take a few myself, but nothing that can compare to the pros.
they tryed to fight my lil cousin these three bitches I was like tf so I stepped in
join recruithighschool.com post highlight tapes and photos for free get exposure to college coaches
The 711 I was just at had a better craftbeer selection than most liquor stores, including a whiteboard where you can leave suggestions.
Really?
Please go on.
Last class before leaving for Nashville, ready for something new
Shoe shopping :
Does anyone know where Kamal went?
And if he's coming back?
the doctor and the doctor said no more iconics jumping on stage.
3 big iconic's jumping on stage mikey fell off and bruised his
Aquarius: you gonna die.
: how much for 1 rib?!
: Cornbread.
Ain't nothin wrong wit that 
fantastic!
will be sending you something tomorrow :
Umm I'm five minutes into the private movie.
Holy stupid.
Caleb's convos at lunch 
Knew y'all were going to talk about me at dinner  And ya, that Chuck E Cheese stage show scared the hell out of me.
Still does
I'm legitimately enthralled by this golf instruction of
RiverFront Investment Group, LLC Named Money Management Institute39;s Advisory Solutions Emerging Manager of the Year
Go Spurs Go!!!
San Antonio all the way!!
Katy Perry, Robert Ackroyd Get Close At Coachella: Singer Cuddles With ...
Huffington Post
how come when I check in to the exact same thing as on of my friends, I don't get the same sticker
..
G1 BLOWING UP CLUB MATRIX ON SATURDAY...SEE THE PICTURES  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Just bonded over a book at the bar:
Do not ask what the next person is doing for YOU, ask what YOU are doing or the next person.
Chuuch!
Lol
Is it me or is Mac Miller a very attractive man?!
ahah
love it!
Tonight It's Live writing staff currently in peace talks with booze.
Just cast my absentee ballot for Not allowed to disclose guv vote.
so wat that doesnt change the fact u dont risk yo life everyday in mexico as i do be cautious bout gun shots
totally understand.
I braved the heat to go to the farmer's market and then 3 other stores.
Im not cooking either.
Excited about attending 's BTU course in a few minutes.
Lots of hype around his class here at
did you check out your bootleg yet??
I like that format on Legends Checking it out soon.
Hey , my answer is Black
hey lady
Get your own damn dippin dots.
yes, exactly.
haha thanks and good luck next semester!
Bitch shut up.
My god.
We'll never be good friends again.
I've got a feeling I'd have a harder time casting in IL.
Big thank u to for being the doctorving force behind Philip Humber's perfect game!
Your hate made it possible!
In the studio today!
: I knew God was going 2 get him out dat situation!
It proves u can't keep a good nigga down!
sickest idea for a shirt
Off to D.C.
for the week, where as usual I'll be hitting and
ZOMG.
I'm babysitting Elliot tonight, by myself.
Father/son party!
We're getting our new appliances in today for our fancy new kitchen!
Yay :
not gonna lie i dont really like the Slight Work Remix....
Naw Im very young Im 25 gon on 26 and I still feel 18.
100lbs heavier but still feel like Im 18
too bad he's out for the season!!
Frozen, blended bananas are smooth, creamy and taste just like ice creambut fat, sugar, dairy and glutenfree.
Also low calorie!
Thanks!
I'm excited.
It's a 34K word essay on this guy who is a photographer/author/badass.
Lotsa work  my deadline is 7/20
I hope u have an amazing birthday!
Keep being grand!
Luv ya!
Just going with the flow.
What ever happens, happens.
It's
Temperature in Miami Beach today...80 degrees!
1 RT RT : definitely check out our friends , rocked house and doing amazing things in community!
Get well soon, Glad you can laugh about it already.
Bike helmets FTW!
rascal flatts june 29th with yes i think so!
ifonlyIcould should be
Just listened to your latest WTF appearance.
I think it took a lot of courage to publicly admit that you're actually 47.
I'm Not Feeling It Today So I'm Slapping Bitches Nbs
is following me now.
should i be offended??....
nahh i accept this :/ LOL
BASKETBALLWIVES I think TamiRoman thinks she's in the mob or somethin
It's April 29?
What the fuck happened in April?
Big thanks to two other shoppers at Kids Consignment sale today who helped me haul Jules' chair to the register.
So nice of them.
Thanks
I thought you, and I were partaking in this?
oneforallandallforone?
Ghost Bar  The Palms Vegas.
W/bgood  doctorupp
piece of cake...
On the Megabus in downtown Chicago going nowhere.
Apparently, we are waiting for a licence.
Plan ahead next time idiots!
hello Jasper
Breaking News: Romney Lies Again  Nose Crosses Atlantic  Spotted In France
Thanks for the follow  looking forward to learning from you!
One Direction!
Some Games demos, This screen seems to be gorgeous!!
As soon as I looked into your big blue doctoramy eyes, I knew that I was in love3
I really love storms.
:
The Cubs, Bears YEA, Bulls NO
My last mention was 2 days ago...
Sad life :
say what you want, I found a website page dedicated to you and your scams, slander?
Do not speak about my label again, fraud.
: I keep my room messy so that if someone tries to kill me they'll trip over and die haha there ya go
Amen to that!
Play a show and make 50 dollars, go out and find a Parking ticket for 30.
At least we are up 20.
Life is good.

Saddam Hussein  Osama Bin Laden  Justin Bieber
The future has a way of arriving unannounced.
George Will
Juicy Fridays regrand opening tomorrow at hydoctorte!!
Watchin New Episode Of Game Of Thrones Itz Goin Down Like A White Girl!!!
I have no problem with 'Err on the side of empathy'.
But that's a guideline, not an unbreakable rule.
Now we have painters in the office today.
What fun.
I was impressed with his win in the Illinois derby.
Mike  just realizing that it's you sending me this note.
Thanks for the feedback!
We look forward to seeing you Monday!
:D
awesome thanks for the post keep blogging girl..i love it
I had forgotten how creepy the Like A Virgin number is.
love your hair in that pic!
Derrick Carter live in Pittsburgh Friday night w/  Aaron Clark 10 cover at the door.
for tables
New trend
orientation day at
dollar shave club trip report?
Woke up with Guacamole on my mind!
I'm sleepy yet kinda hyper...WTF?!
OO
you're jealous of my babe magnet ;
Happy Wednesday!
What's keeping you going this morning?
Lol this nigga just put his nut on this nigga face/neck
Victory is mine, victory is mine, great day in the morning, Donna, for victory is mine, bring me all the finest bagels  muffins in the land
Derby time in the hotel business....tiring but definitely worth it
The worlds tallest free fall rollercoaster is The Giant doctorp located in Australia
beautiful!
what brings you to paree?
Join us for Summit IV November 1011!
Learn and network with some of the coolest, smartest women.
wssrisky in
kuz my family wishes that i was dead since the day that i was born.
I should have died with my mom

noticed in the evergrowing fanbase.
Yes, I do have other following fandoms, but he is one of my favorites.
Don't forget!
Mother's Day is SUNDAY!
Come and shop today for unique products and gift cards for fabulous services!
aww Erin!
Thanks!
:
FOR REAL, how has no one noticed the facebook and twitter feeds.
Have a great weekend :
I say it's time for a War On Declaring Wars On Things  TWITTER ARE YOU WITH ME
I TRYED TO BE FUCKEN NICE BUT YUR PUSSHING IT KEEP GOING AND U KNOW WHATS COMMING LOOK TO YUR RIGHT FOR A PREVIEW 
Best medals ever and wellearned!
highfive :
Had any good pie lately?
:
Hey its Omer.
GRAND FINALE at MYHOUSE Nightclub tonight.
Want to come?
Reply YES 4 list  details!
Next Friday starts at MYSTUDIO
FF The cast of BabyDaddy:
YouKnowItsRealWhen one of your followers say the shower was real as fuck  now u wondering what I really was like ...
Lol
Hi Moms!
Happy Mother's Day!
Tis okay, clouds.
I'll make my own sunshine today!
This is looking like a contest Of who can act like they care less But I liked it better when you were on my side
I think they mean talked.
RT : Have you stopped by and stalked to the US Marine Corps Historical Company yet?
Ugh I don't want to go to the desert...
Bye wifi!!!
See y'all never
come on Ryan, no one stays up later than me.
It simply does not happen :
Management Team: We have something in the works, happily Joe saw plans and approved them before he passed
At IUP, People of the Year/Social Justice Awards in the HUB today; Windover Piano recital 8PM, Gorell Hall
RT If your dog is fat, you're not getting enough exercise.
Author Unknown
1 YEAR ANNIVERSARY PROTEST at SAN ONOFRE NUCLEAR ...SONGS Nuclear plant has the worst safety record of all US nuclear SONGS threat to ...
Thoughts and prayers to the Va Tech community.
what u mean
Lmaoooo No I'm Not Jade.!!!
A4 Customer alignment metrics: I use customer sat scores, net promoter, CLV  ABC
Do you have a broken or distorted sideview mirror on your car?
In most cases, WE CAN HELP WITHOUT having to replace the whole...
Bulls PG Derrick Rose will not play tonight vs.
Bobcats due to sore back.
RT : Congrats, Boston Garden crowd, for setting the record for largest Miami Heat home crowd impression
thanks so much, guys!
I know it'll be amazing!
ReplaceSongTitlesWithTampon What Makes Tampons Beautiful 
sorry, i have no fucks to give !
Music buiz, marketing, business law, then back home to jam with the crew!
I'm still waiting for the thing.
What about the CueCats?
RT : All iMacs go to heaven.
But I bet there's a whole bunch of Newtons in purgatory.
Hahaha, that is VERY close!
Too bad we weren't there to witness it!
O, right up 75, I see.
Anita  We have a team of writers, about 12  we are Unity staff, students or ministers.
I'm tryna learn how to make beats
leave me one piece, please!
Looking back I believe parkour is Going to be our ongoing joke much like rollerblading was in the 90's
Heading down to Coachella
happy birthday 3 :
oh ok...we need too link up after i get back from china
What style?
Bought a super paper shredder.
It's almost intimidating the way it chews things up and digest them.
ala11 We need to reimagine the library...instead of thinking of the library as a collection of collections, ...
that footage was equal parts awesome and frightening.
thanks for hanging around to check us out!
good morning
Kobe thrives in the clutch!
btw mate, just saw one of your cooking shows on RocketJump, didn't know about it, but the Game of Thrones one was pretty funny...
It was awkward so we unawkwarded it.
Great point guards kill the Thunder every time.
We have got to find a way to defend against and ultimately beat teams like this.
Top 2 goals for bikiniseries 1.
Feel strong, lean  confident in my own skin 2.
Be kind to myself daily.
No selfloathing here!
ARE THERE LOTS OF SQUIRRELS IN TX?.WAS THERE BUT DON'T REMEMBER..WE COMING BACK THO..LET'S HOOK UP..doctorNK A LITTLE doctorNK.F/S
KATE ASS!
cinco de tyo is nearing.
need any gear for the trip?
Bubba Watson, oh my.
I didn't know that.
I've noticed Clips fans coming out more lately.
Good luck next season though, go Spurs.
Today is international kissing day.
So pucker up!
Muah!
Listening to do Bill Cosby on 's podcast had me doing the doctor heave silent laugh at work.
Omg so damn funny!!!!
I tried my hardest to keep my hair from being impossible...
oh well
why you got oss
Thank you, , , and for the women's and writer's retreat suggestions!
the wrestler?
do you smell what the rock is cookin'?
please follow: i will follow back:
Ever do something in high school you weren't proud of?
I know I did.
17 yr old me did a lot to make 34 yr old me blush.
Make money money make money money monayyyyyy
Happy Tuesday, new followers!
:
i saw u on Jerry Springer and it was nice to see your jelly
Oh, I miss my friends from doctornk doctorving school.
They were so cool!
Homer
thanks for the love!
Enjoy...
it's cool, follow me back then.

thanks, guys!
Time to climb that hill 2 unite11!
From a FB friend's post...
Damn its windy.
I think Mega Maid went from suck to blow!
May the schwartz be with you all this Friday!
moms shitting on me cause i still sleep with my baby blanket
just like Repubs fillabustered, Dems in Wisconsin are playing politics so this bill doesnt get pushed through without a debate.
grow up
twitter is spamming  now h can't reply to my messages
April Fool Ads are becoming like the Super Bowl Ads now.
A contest for who will generate the most buzz...
to wake up the fans.
mm cookies are orgasmic
I've lived here in Vegas 23 years and I love this town, too.
I didn't randomly decide.
I've been thinking that for a while now.
I just thought I'd give it a little more time is all...
where they ??
Welcome to Twitter,  to the Tennessee Titans!
Have u come in 4 your 5 pastrami sandwich today!
Try it on one of our soft French rolls or pita bread!
Ashford addoctorssing libraries who don't collect Rrated movies.
We have Rrated BOOKS at the library...
True dat.
Our lotion promotion 2011 offers HUGE SAVINGS on our HT Lotion Bottles!!
Stock up, or start using a lotion today!
You'll love the results!
Headed to da gym to get a lil work out in
Lunch at Panera, good stuff at Alderwood mall with wifey, and wrapping with Portlandia.
Hilarious show.
To be honest, the first time I found out who was, was after watching the Love Guru.
Lol
hahahaha I'm crying!
pickin u up at 11 doctorpping u off at the mall cannot bring u home from the mall though
It's a little foggy here in Jacksonville, Florida.
you know me to well bro lmao
If she doesn't like hockey, dump and change
why u wearin a blue rag in yo 1 picture like you gang bang?
Mystical snapped on his new song Original
I spared you RT : I'm still up
RGIII nothing else.
Finally us Redskins fans can look forward to watching our team play again.
Hi , thanks for being my 400 follower 3 big love to you from sweden ;
Hah!
Small world indeed!
Forward progress...keep pushing!
Tons of fun last night.
Thanks to all who came out.
Loudest show ever!
Tonight I'm at maxbar in Lincoln park for club kiss live and mixes airing on 925 kiss fm Toledo, Oh and hot 96 in Evansville, In!
I wouldn't have even noticed the necklace if you hadn't mentioned it, btw.
Not sure what that says about me.
:D lol
Excited to hear about new AERA Ed Researchers Service Projects Initiative  grants.
Already have several ideas!!
Prophecy: Music will come from bands who are not even formed yet!
we are the boys in motion, we give you our devotion
Budgie  Parents
Sorry we havent really been to date with things on cody but we have been dealing with personal stuff.
But now were back for good ;
We're ready for you!
cc
Don't flatter me...Thanks!
Now this one is going straight to my husband!
Thank you for the smile.
Just so no one worries, likely going to be off Twitter for the next two weeks.
Have work travel  lots of talks 2 give next week, and...
I only use Twitter to keep in touch with and  what does that say about me?
Think I found my new bike ...
So excited.!
Making Tampa to Times square a reality
the subtle blurred background parallax as you scroll in the camera section
agreed.
One week with a new tech is not enough.
Another car  one stopped, one BEHIIND pulled around to pass.
I'm sure you'll get all the facts.
infant adoption cost
Going to sleep now.
..
Dear Thirst, you rock my world.
Thank you for awesome and proving just how powerful design.
Achilles is gonna be one mean dog he's only a puppy and he's already biting me 
Uhh...
gets the words out and puts them in a word doc.
I'm trying to go through hours worth of interviews.
Hank always has the right answer to a problem  enjoy!
:
:O what's more then most?
:D 3
Ballet season opens in just 13 days!
Grab your season tickets as they are going quick.
The AuditoriumTheatre is breathtaking.
Thank you for the follow and  I just need 1 more for 700
david and i are going to be at kickback jacks tonight to watch caps v rangers if interested!
Friday Special: Southwestern Salmon Cakes w radish salad, tequilalime creme fraiche  warm black bean salsa 16.95!!
Smitty  Robert...
Omg I'm so bored.
yahoo answers sucks, facebook sucks, Pinterest sucks, does this site suck?
probly lol
11 days until we see again :
We feel very honored  grateful that the School Board wants to honor us tonight 4 being IPSAC champs at the School Board Meeting
Dear baby Jesus, deliver me from this demon child.
haha!
I want Steve Madden to make a knock off of them!
I just had the weirdest nap doctorams ever.
You too Meljay!
Feel better soon!
Playing tonight at Hotel Angeleno West Lounge with vocalist Mark Arthur Miller, Nate Light and Jon Stuart.
Soul music and Jazz.
...
I cant finally say I love OneDirection
Just found my new kick doctorm :
RT Has Kurt said WHY all of these bots are scraping them?
Curious.
clareity
Seriously y'all, parts of Ponce are closed this weekend while the new Beltline bridge is finished.
Try to walk over my way, ok?
RT Life is painting a picture, not doing a sum.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
What's up with this series not being over going back to DEN game 6 ass  where the fuck was the defense at?!
That's the shit I don't like!!!
Got any dinner plans tonight?
Where are you heading on this beautiful Friday night?
okay good.
Idk who it would be....def not me
Irby gets so open that not even David Ash could miss him.
Punch it in!
it's getting closer to CMA FEST time, I already bought my tix way in advance hoping u will b there, any word yet if u will b going!!!!
Yes, as educators it's our job to step to the challenge, even if we're not social media experts.
The stone is a unit of measurement that was used in many North European countries until the advent of metrication.

Happy Belated Birthday!
Are you playing today?
Use underdog for pix, stories, and nonsense.
i swear its like that on EVERY CAMPUS
I haven't even got up from the couch since I been home still in my work clothes and every thing
No matter what you ALWAY TIP.
Fast 5 till my eyes shut
well keep at it cuz its takes time u kno but do u have a tattoo gun or wat??
also my phone automatically changes love to lesbians.
3 dollar cafe, wings, pitchers, and pictures!
That's what's up!
;
aw thanks :
BN has a great book called my milk toofs, we have had endless entertainment reading it
you'll do great!
: Good luck!
3
can't wait until tonights C.E.
show:
Don't tell me about your movement, show me!
Corner Cottage breakfast burrito  yum!
Sometimes I Get ImpatientI Expect People To Answer Their Phone Before I Finish Dialing Their Number

Yes, we think MOST foods are better with wine.
Will have to check out your wine list sometime soon!
Cheers.
I'm ready!
Sure.
My Dad was a farmer when I was little.
The smell of the countryside is manure.
.
I rather see doctorke  ross do a ablum
Aye where yah'll going?
Sit in that Corner!
Look into your pain and find your praise..!
That makes me feel better.
But I am sure it is for different reasons:
My lunch today was inspired by Teas Me Cafe's The Larson: Pesto, turkey, bacon, cheese on wheat bread.
Yum.
I am no longer with Mango!
thanks.
i pray it goes well.
Roommate tried to rouse me from a nap..
said my reaction was feral cat sounds and telling she has an evil Asian stare.
I remember nothing.
of course you will!
but the end has not come just yet!
;
shall i do this deed
This doctorgon mascot thing is even better since my undergrad mascot is a kangaroo.
Crossed off life list: Present at lighting of Macy's Christmas Tree today.
can I get a followback?????
:p
love us some sheara and Tia!!!!
I am so sorry that today left you behind enemy lines!
Mcdonald's Breakfast 
Hidden cost of imported oil is  to adding 8.35/gal to the price of gasoline from the Persian Gulf.
Milton Copulos via Grassley
departure is imminent limin2k12 begins
Wait, there's guys that won't date females because they're moms?
When did this start?
Fucking cowards, I would embrace it Kae shrug
CivilWar, Hooker had major gambling debts to Halleck  Sherman.
No record if he paid up.
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL 2.99 AMAZON KINDLE
We gotta make sure he gets reelected in November!
Educators pay part of their own salary w taxes paid as taxpayers.
Politicians seemed to have failed math.
Come to school for a lesson.
I would pick Joan Crawford!!
Why the fuck is it making a political statement to say that I exist?
Let's go kings!!
u should be a movies in the park
ItAnnoysMeWhen I look at professorle; it says I'm not following him, I freak out and realize it wasn't done loading...
.
is jumping!
Thanks for the follow.
It is good to see what the other side is up to and thinking.
:
I could see that.
But I'm seriously moving soon.
Sorry we didn't get to doctornk together before I leave Wacksonville.
VW Fat Dog ad funny too.
Lawyers are men who hire out their words and anger.
What's the number?:
You are supercute.
And now I am just worn out.
HATERS Having Anger Towards Everone Reaching Sucess
doctorving along the river on the 190 just now is the closest I've ever been to being inside a snow globe.
I beleive in you austin with all my heart keep doin what your doing never give im a mahomie for life your number one fan:
Havent been on twitter for 48 hours!!!!!!!!!!!hahaha..Ive been waiting for this moment
I think I've detected a microtrend: young couples moving from Petworth  Shepherd Park.
Met 3 such at neighborhood party tonight.
No.
There's no other player in the league right now that gives the Magic adequate compensation for Dwight Howard.
you too !
thanks for the words 
A high of 108 degrees.
My bad.
heightened, but yesnot that different!
so I just found out we have the same birthday!
Progress is made when your desired result becomes a second nature activity to perform
The deadline is coming up May 31st.
The hottest MC's  Groups going at it for the Money !
inbox: Ian Morales on FB or
Had a long few days...
busy days !
Wanting some damn taco cabana...i shouldve stopped ugghhh.
Kaya lost tooth yesterday, but didn't tell us.
Knowing, gapped smile when she awoke with it still under her pillow.
If life is so short, why do we do so many things we don't like and like so many things we don't do?
What if we reversed this?
;
: NYC, Johns Pizza and a nap.
Sounds like the start of a good week to me!
I live in NY...
; hahahaha follow me?
Love Square.
maybe this could truly beThat I'm in love, in love, in loveOh I'm in love, in love, in love
hey i love you :DD Follow me please :D You are amazing :D Retweet :D
Making Beats.
Are you allowed to have fido on school grounds?
Not to happy people...
buslyfe RT Bus demographics: apparently preferred coffee on the big blue is coffee bean.
Hey be nicer to
Dun dun dun.
Will landing strip be joining you?
Saw an Irish wolfhound today.
Holy crap.
I've never seen a bigger dog...would have been at least 7 feet tall on its hind legs :
Very happy with my very strong WiFi connection in the middle of LI Sound
anyone wanna do bocce ball with me a
i eats da pussy and ima man about it
My pleasure...
I hope you're having a good time!
I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious.
That's only because I care....
:
RT Fishtown news: Richmond, Va artist Ed Trask is making a 15ft tall cutout painting of Smokin' Joe Frazier for our building!
Eat it Cubs!
Love, Corey Hart
have a happy, healthy week!
Haters are like crickets they chirp all fucking night until you walk past them they shut the fuck up
when are you coming back to chicago?
No more gewurztraminer??
Dubya, tee, eff?
Only my favorite winter wine..
If what they tell me suits my body, great
batwoman half way done 
I feel horrible :/
OR BOTH!
what is going on?
Is it good?
I have it dvr'd.
just installed last week  loving it!
thanks for all the RT's today!
have a great week!
thanks :D
Thanks for the RT!!!
please follow I'll do the doggie
thanks for staying and talking to us/me!
Lift Smarter, Get Bigger  Men's Health
I know.
I'm freakibg starving
I'm craving a shower.
Because you're too picky.
Perfection is an unattainable goal.
probably all the gay sex you have
It's Monday.
It's Monday.
It's Monday.
Dear Motivation, I need you.
If we can have a winter like we just had and get amazing, beautiful days like this come March...sorry, but I say bring on global warming!
How many people you know blame others for their problems?
Why not get your own act together more  take real responsibility for yourself?
I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I'm with you.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Not yet.
Hopefully soon.
My husband and kids got me a Canon T3i for my birthday!
...
now I need to learn how to use it.
We can't wait to show you our amazing stories about music education in Los Angeles.
Stay tuned!
We're going live next week!
She a nut cracker, lol
bro, I was over that spot as soon as I walked in the first time.
Food Sux!
BALLOON UPDATE: There will be no Balloon Races this weekend due to weather complications.
See you in 2011!
yeah I voted for Double D and didn't even see the show!
Go Pack Go!
If you ccant be.honest with me then ii guess this is the eend
Playing wordswithfriends when I should be sleep!
EXCLUSIVE: CocaCola Polar Bears Will Watch, React to Super Bowl in Real Time
PLDLinux should be capitalizing on the potential hipster appeal.
I use a really obscure distro, you probably havent heard of it.
I just calculated how much money I'd need to make to retire at 65.
That was a bit of a shock.
how does doctorke album sound?
: why is kamille at her new job tweetin?
lmbo Kamille get off that phone
Getting ready for our Advanced teen class which starts on Tuesday night at 5 pm.
info: www.tesskirschacting.com Sure to be some snacks.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
Vince Lombardi
I hate when somebody ask u an hour worth of questions then get hot when u ask one
Session: J Tokuda  R Sunahara From Resource to resourcefulness
want to go to ?
I am awake, I couldn't sleep anymore, thinkin kept waking me up.
Rain rain go away I have tons of voters to meet today!
Many valuable usecases are showing up everywhere.
What are tools for documenting them?
indexing them?
tracking them?
they want to get rid of Beasley, there's something about it they are not telling obviously
Loved watching Michigan beat Ohio, it's about time!
Love watching two douchebag doctorvers try and outdouche each other at 80mph...as long as they're 3 lanes away.
Dumbasses!
announces record client  company growth in 2011  110 revenue growth, 192 projects launched in 30 countries...
Happy Monday  Happy International Jazz Day!
wearing a Gucci belt on your neck while wearing a Louis Vuitton belt
I never make the same mistake twice.
I make it like five or six times, you know, just to be sure...
Don't worry : you're not the only one
LOLOLOL I am seriously giggling!
Looking for ways to connect with people involved with social media, web design, marketing, graphic design....any or all of the above!
It's midnight and both bats are pointed to me on the stadium clock!
A break up is like a broken mirror.
It is better to leave it broken than hurt yourself to fix it.
Thank you!
crazy we didn't see you...
we had all 8 sets of eyes there!
was he depreesed or having financial issues
don't take any selfrighteous sh!t from anyone....
contest has ended will look at all the entry's and direct message the winner tomorrow
RT : If lesbians aren't attracted to men, why are they attracted to women that look like men?Light Bulb!
Lol.
RT : Wait, people can't see what circles they're in, right??
Best way to deal with haters: Keep calm, and stay classy!
I am getting sleepy....
Very sleepy....
my daughters want nothing more than to meet and see their idols please help make this a chance for them
it appears the blog I just read incorrectly listed it as your own!
Regardless, your work is still amazing!
RT : OPENING TOMORROWArt journals are explored as art objects in this exhibition of periodicals from the 1960s and...
Wow 95 million for one player.
How much do these NFL teams make?
holy fuck what the hell am I looking at omg
: Could you please pray for my mom, sahe might have cancer!
It would mean so much to me!
i'll pray too.
it's ok I understand sort if I bothered u
NowPlaying  StedE  Hybrid HeightsNicky Romero  Play N' Stop
A2 I find working with visual artists very rewarding esp.
working the business end in effort to support their creative practice
I'm glad I DVR YR sounds like its a hot mess today!
Thank goodness for fast forward!
I don't mind if you wear your frat letters, but please spare me the neon tanks and lame puns.
We're sharing our family secrets...
The Milano Inn cookbooks are now on sale  get your copy today!
she will be 6 in july..
:
I had to google this definition: I thought it was when you hit your ball off the course into the rough  have to play it anyway.
Too poetic.
I might have to go back to saying don't eat yellow snow like I used to do in my more snidish years.
congrats on the Notable Mention for Mini Morphs :
People are just like the weather always changing....
Thank you to my wonderful teammates for helping me move out of the Dorm!
Gonna miss you guys
I don't think the bronchitis is Tex's hitting problem.
He's a noturious slow starter  the SHIFT.
His BABIP was .239 last yr
I feel your pain, Kingsley.
If they don't step up next game, I am personally doctorving to LA and bitch slappin' all of them.
It is
These thirsty ass dudes will say any thing for the puy
Happy Holidays Everyone!
Bout to leave in like 15 mins yay!!!!!
Can't wait to eat...
Port St fb blueprint:all nonconf and run Triple Option..
Best Dgood ball control O and easier to recruit for..
But if u hurt me and I forgive u how I don't know u want do it again
Every Superman , Needs Ayye Superwoman 3
You know you're a historian of early American foodways when you mean to type moral corruption, and type morel corruption, instead.
Now taking applications for new members to the pen fifteen club!
me too where we going?
lol
I just bought tix to see you guys in Detroit  Chene Park on August 3rd..TOO AMPED!...lol XOXO
I used canned fava beans in a tortellini soup and they tasted chalky.
I'm sure noncanned would be better.
u kno wat dey say bout boys wit big feet big d...
Maybe I can help?
Come to me and I will provide you with all three.
And maybe even a lil churrito or two.
yea her curves are amazing.
just bought my first rougeinlove lipstick in Corail from !
so excited.
now I can be classy like 
KC IMPROV Power House Line Up
WOW.
CastleFinale cliffhanger.
Sxsw registration line....what a beast!
Check out tonight for 1/2 off specials on Milwaukees own Great Lakes Distillery products, including the new Kinnickinnic Whiskey!
It was great meeting u and the crew.I love your game and the detail you pay to it.You guys are kind and it will help me beat cancer
I don't think so!!!
Which one was it???
Wow!
I haven't even gotten my W2 yet.
i see twitter has killed, yet again.
Getting doctorssed.
Its gettin real
same here
Thanks for the shout!
United Rentals completes deal for RSC Holdings
Bet I can guess.
: 3.5 hours before my next role play so goin' for a stroll to enjoy the lovely weather.
:
there might have been a difference once but genre leak is a beautiful thing
Have PrincessofChina stuck in my head...and I don't even mind.
Still trying to please everyone?
You'll die trying.
stop it 5
Okay, feeling good about where I'm leaving the design for the night.
And now back to the code.
Procrastination over decisions is fatal for a business as decisions come before actions and the right actions lead to the desired outcomes.
Need a same day delivery from San Antonio to Houston??
Call us....we can do it!
8775275737 or go to www.lonestardeliveryonline.com
six boys, paula, one room and a pizza.
where am i?
eating all the pizza duh!
Carnival's West Coast Res.
cruise sale continues!
Big savings for CA, AZ, NV  UT residents select sailings JanMay 2012!
Call 8008037245
How am i fully awake right now
I can't get it today ill get it later!
hey, hey.
I appreciate the offer.
Some other time, for sure!
Hope y'all had a good gig.
best, ck
I hope not, the inside of my soul is probably pretty terrifying
Lotoor: an andoctorid exploit that transfers to the windows OS when the phone is connected to the OS.
As per a microsoft presentation.
did you download the manga app for Xbox?
I guess I will start deleting useless people numbers out of my cellular!
Wish I could see oomf right now
congrats RT : I started as city editor for exactly one year ago today.
I really really really love this job.
ur only staying in Miami 4 6months??
:
thanks for telling about us.
Great to see you on Saturday.
Hope the band was fabulous!
im still fangirling about Bailey ashejkwksijwjenejj
what are you gonna do today ?
:
Sad you're leaving tomorrow, but I will see you in FL so soon!!

YAY  I prefer Suppan on the other side of things.
Not awful, but always found his starts rather boring.
nah, i won't believe it.
she's mine.
DJ CNC  V.I.P HOST PIG PRESENTS ULTIMATE STRPPER CAGE FIGHTS  NBA FINALS TONIGHT 'S CABARET 4516 N.
19TH AVE
Headed downtown, hit me with a text: 2105737203
Let the resurrection joy lift us from loneliness and weakness and despair to strength and beauty and happiness.
A happy and kosher Pesach to all celebrating, and a blessed and happy Easter to all celebrating.
Enjoy the holidays!
Love, the Bezzys
IU to induct former basketball player Landon Turner into its Hall of Fame.
Girl it's going to be next w/e.
come help me!!
have you?
WaterCheck  I'm 6 cups down!
Where you at?
My last :  I will miss you all!
THANK GOD FOR JESUS!!!!
Cundiff, your kick missed the uprights and hit me in the heart.
Still love the Ravens but I'm sad...
I'm fucking ready for some change!
Feel me?
ACRL folks, I'm having a TERRIBLE time getting a panel proposal submitted.
Each time I add another panelist, it deletes all data.
Ideas?
don't hate on the cut!
All iWanted was Another Chance.
.
u.u
your May calendar looks to be amazing!
GC Tip: Don't bring extra stuff to promotions!
Leave everything but the essentials at home or in your car.
They're safer there!
Excited about the upcoming anthology release party  for my 4th grade students to finish their digital stories!
They looking at me like  Who's this new nigga in ViP?
Q: Why did the farmer call his pig Ink?
A: Because it was always running out of the pen.
SO GLAD SPEECHES ARE OVER, : got a perfect score
Have you tried our almond croissant yet?
Somebody at tonights mbta meeting please ask how much of a PAY Increase  MBTAGM  MBTA employees get once Fare hike is approved.
lol, cool, now get that damn egg out of here.
They're calling for snow all throughout finals week.
Looks like my 11/11/11 wish is about to come true..
The Food doctorve w/ the Ice Rays is today from 58PM  the Yardarm Apartments in Calallen, 10660 Leopard.
Please bring 3 cans of food.
Thanks!
provides good and solid marketing info.
Bran muffins are the fucking worst!
but its letting you tweet...
Horny hour 1/2 off all doctornks starts at 10pm only  hornyhideaway
How does it sound if we spend the night out?
Sunny Street Cafe in the Arena is your lunchtime destination today!
Come in and show your server your employee ID  get 15 off your lunch!
He's doing well.
His bat got the Rays going last night.
:
About to see Galileo So excited!
Well, I have been a user since version 1.
I really don't have any problems with it...
Enjoyed with friends Saturday '00 Lynch Bages  '01 Gruaud Larose, both doctornking perfectly now, great next to each other, Pauillac/St Julien
RSVP me bitch !
Guilty pleasure: Domino by Jessie J and I like it like that by Hot Chelle Rae.
Yeah, I said it.
Nice beaver is the most adolescent joke in all of cinema...
and I laugh at it all the time.
Well, what do you know?
I now have a Sphynx cat following me.
Can't IMAGINE why....
Lifes most persistent and urgent question is, What are you doing for others?
Martin Luther King, Jr.
you blamed everything on me when your the one who wanted too kiss mee.
The only bad thing about Community's return is a Parksandoctorcreation hiatus.
With that being said...
sixseasonsandamovie!
Do you think creativity is a skill or something that people are born with?
Just left Ginger at her new home in Lawrenceville.
Tom  Shawn are already in love with her  we couldn't be happier.
Blog post to follow.
Taking the girls some flowers  chocolates at school...to make them smile.
Happy Valentines Day!
Thanks alabd11 Eat crayon and popp rainbow is my new
hot n steamy...
oh yeah.
Mushrooms and motzzzaaarelliiiii :
Apropos of nothing, but how many of you have seen a movie made from a book you liked and walked away from the movie feeling disappointed wi
Zac Efron is so so sexy.
Follow me tomorrow at the Glendale Hilton from 12pm5pm for the 3rd Annual Premier Bridal Show w/my team Design By Ashley
Sweet!
So you're coming right now.
Any other plans aside from the rollercoaster and fountains?
I feel that I am a very disappointing Twitter.
Sorry I have so little to twit about.
Does that make me a twit?
Nope, nowhere near.
I'm mopey and stuff.
How are you?
Have a new video I posted, Sangre's logo in it..hope all ya boys like..
lemme know what ya guys think??
lol technically I've been keeping it since December because she forgot about it
Easter brunch, Easter chocolate, Easter dinner, desert  more Easter chocolate  Easter pot belly :
People are seriously SO DUMB.
Like I really wanna know what goes through y'alls mind.
hell yea
: Me, stalk?!
No, I just observe..
behind a tree..
at night.
hahahaha...
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
335
Here we come!
Calendar firefighters will be on 9News at 8:30AM.
Tune in to see what HOT things they have to say!
It is amazing how many channels have Law  Order planning during the day
lmao, yes master.
please get rid of bill schroder...and let cirillo do games from now on...its enjoyable to listen to games now
OK, TraderJoes, you win again.
60 on wine and snacks.
Must be
thnx.
the way things are going, I'm betting there'll be more on the subject.
did u buy yours yet?
Seriously thinking of getting one.
Or two.
Comedy Open Mic presented by tonight at 6:00 followed by Spy Night presented by Tornadoes Not Welcome!
Caffeine is doing its trick today.
It's dark in here!
fa sho!
hey tell doctori vegas memorial wknd book it.
ill be out there!
Con't  Who really wants to go to a music store and root threw a bunch of CD's just to find out what you want is not there!
No thanks.
on the production side or the consumption side?
There's no real issue with discovery.
boss dogs so I ride in a harley truck.
We got a wild doctornk I put in a safari cup.
Thank you!
you have one as well :D
we use twitter as a pr tool to clarify misinformation
lmao I work till 6 I'll text you when I'm out
What's the appropriate amount of time to give someone the silent treatment?
4 days so far.
They need to learn a lesson.
I don't think im gonna be able to upload the video tonight, it'll be done soon
Definitely!
:D Best place to run 26.2 :D
Bacon has a hell of a PR agency.
All you read about is bacon, bacon, bacon!
Turkey and ham don't get near that kind of press.
:
The new prescreen express line at LAS is nothing short of amazing!
Can't wait for you to roll it out across all major airports
yeah it's a really hard name to pronounce hahaha!
Turns out, the circumference of my head is the exact length of 's arm.
life s funny that way.
fuck em they wasnt meant to be wit you know way

, !
Did I spell your name correctly?
Where is when I need her?!
The surprise sale ends tonight and I need her to validate all of my choices!
Either write something worth READING, or do something worth writing,  B.
Franklin.
Reading leads to independence.
We've got an extra ticket for the Brewster Kahle / Long Now event tonight at 7pm at Fort Mason in SF.
First one to reply gets it.
Ham  cheese hot pocket though 
Too bad the first presentation on teleportation wasn't streaming...
:
What's everybody up to?
Talk to me, Let's network !
do tell!!
RT : You all should probably ask about the idea he just texted me...
Oh, that sucks!
I still need to work on adding some blockers on mine.
I love my cats everything new i bring in they want to sniff
This team is never dead!
Reminiscent of Easter Sunday with five runs in the ninth.
Just in the Kingdome, without the doctormatic homers.
I'm here too Fancy Lad.
So confused ....
Heathrow made the list, but Atlanta didn't?
List must have been created by someone who never flies Delta.
Omg toe dat song up dang she can blow
We're going to be at booth 904 at alamw12.
Check out preview of the new Events and more!
Hahahahha it's so fucking funny
RT : RT : Lay your hands on our economy, Tim Tebow.
Help it to win again.
Lol!!
poor kitty cat..
thanks..
have a good night!!!
musesocial In what ways do apps connect virtual and onsite experiences?
Beyond sharing?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME JENNA!!!!
That awkward moment when the inflated condom that was filled with lotion explodes  it gets all over everyone lmao :'

what was that french nail art blog you were telling me about??
Forgot the name and it's killing me trying to find it!
: Amazing Fact 16 Learned  WEF: 47 of time spent using smartphones is spent on Facebook.
insanestratosphericIPO
.: What did we do before Google??
// We Altavista'd and liked it.
They are responsive and communicate well with customers, do good work at a reasonable rate give advice on how to maintain your appliances.JR
lolol I'm Giggling and I'm not shaking anymore.
I think I calmed down
What's up loser!!??
totally overwhelmed.
no idea what im getting myself into...
and don't even care ha
So many new followers!
Hello ,,,,,,
You said you would never leave, and I said I would wait forever...guess we both said things we didn't mean.
Are you currently in LA?
Yea blame it awh on me
Ha!
I grew up in West Des Moines Iowa and now live out here in Baltimore!
I've seen that box at the Longs at Pupukea on the North Shore before too.
Ario: Leading states will play a key role; they include a mix of red  blue states in all regions of the U.S.,
My heart would take wing  I'd feel so alive, if someone like you loved me.
jekyllhyde
Denver Broncos quarterback was voted as America's favorite active pro athlete, according to a poll conducted by ESPN.
yes!!
this even came from a book PS I had my first academceleb encounter
Poker night!
6:30 be there.
No BuyIn, Just Prizes for winners!
I hate school.
Get me out of heRe
Look a house party !..
Except with kids
my friend Melissa suggested them.
I'm soy sensitive, so most protein bars are out for me.
After today, I'm yours for life!
do not mention the Olive Garden at that point in time!
Above all else try something
lol, just don't give a bottle lmao xD
doctor Will Clower39;s Mediterranean Wellness Program Now Available Through GlobalFit
What the wise do in the beginning, fools do in the end..admittingly, a wise fool.
You're a strong young man...don't ever doubt God's plan for your life or his awareness of your troubles.
Only if we can live happily ever after...?
Let's get hitched!
haha :
good luck!
Where will u be working at?: sending u good vibes, the first day is always something to look forward to lol
i'ma rapper, you're just a rapture
Here we go NYC!
First stop is UFC Sweden with and
she want some sex but I'm on my money
I am so excited for Entourage tonite!
Mastered singles for Iris Isoa today as well as Loose Baggy Monster.
Angels have placed OF Torii Hunter on the restricted list for personal reasons.
yeah, ate some bad beans last night.
Sage....wow.
More like New York stateofmind w biz background who likes to ask for  meets nonprofessort world.
Had a great meeting with the Marston Group this afternoon!
www.themarstongroup.com
It's almost time to trend for Ringer at 6pm Bring Back Ringer
Interesting.
A 50year flood threshold would have enabled preservation, not required replacement, of the Virginia St Bridge.
lastminutegift ideas?
We have plenty of items to choose from.
From Electronics to Musical Instruments!
Come into 
90210 cast members on Talk Stoop right now on NBC...amazing.
best wishes in AZ
Field trip tomorrow?
Naahh, I'll just stay home like a thug.
aha
Check out WELLCOA, the Wellness Council of America, for information on how to start a program at your office.
I'd say so too.
Getting update from on NASCAR business at the PenskePartners summit.
hey are you up to date with the walking dead this season?
Happy mothers day.
for real my mom has always been there to show me the light.
I love you mom
That's icing on the cake...but the cake was there before.
Young  Heart movie
They say infamy loves company
You people...
Is that a tear in your eye?I feel like a kinger.
just got to hotel about 20 min ago, depart 4/19 afternoon, so new schedule should work
At board meeting.
Great updates from Mayor Ron Morrison of National City  Mayor Jim Janney of Imperial Beach
In the backyard with a hoe.
am i crazy or is Ron Paul still running?
20 Years After the Riots: A More Worldly Los Angeles, a More Insular Los ...
Huffington Post
it is a long doctorwn out game...seems like it will never end...at least we have Twitter to stay in touch
OMG: catching La Grange on the radio recently reminded me Frank Beard kicks tush at keeping solid, simple boogierock time.
nothing much sis I start work at 4 so I'm just chilling til then
Whoa, somebody should be FIRED
literally just saw a stat that 90 of all Americans have a mobile device.
I woke up right before the earth started shaking...
Damn I thought it was a bad doctoram for a sec lol
I love snuggling!
Especially in the rain 
: Im so lucky!
She is the best!
SECRET LIFE OF THE AMERICAN TEENAGER 3
Life is a big supermarket!
Take what you want.
But remember, in front of a Cashier.
And all must pay!
yeah there's a great 10/20 half NL/PLO that runs here, come down and we'll shoot a few rounds of golf n kick it preWSOP
a good rule!
This would be a fine time for Nick Johnson's first hit of the year.
Yes I am watching high school musical 2.
Yes I know all the words to every song.
Prom is tonight
Happy Thanksgiving!
We hope everyone is enjoying this day with their family and friends ...
and lots of food!
I want a dippin dots maker for Christmas!!!!
Aghhh I'm such a little kid xD
I get compensated for my donations.
To pay for pedestrian  bikeonly bridges!
Help us take back the Virginia State Senate and return it to conservative values this
Campus jurisdiction, campus system, based in ed mission?
That's my basic understanding.
The Beach Boys and Maroon 5 are teaming up at the Grammys.
Adam Levine is going to take the biggest shit over Surfer Girl.
Creating a new you for the New Year?
Updated sunglasses and eyewear are the perfect accessory!
Turns out that the parma ham flavored potato chips at Boots are vegetarian.
That's just...wrong.
CHANCE!
Enter to win a FREE Catered Party!.
Enter to win  www.PatricksCatering.com doctorwing to be held
i miss you too!
come visit soon chica!
Lord, please don't let me be late for my final
Successful People Farm; or, That Was A Stupid Idea
as long as you are doing what you love and being the best that you can then that's all that really matters
on the URL website
When you are single NO one wants to be bothered UNTIL you get someone...
Coach strong we are a running team we will run the ball
I will wait for you in the shadows, amongst the goats, sir.
Had a blast last night.
Thanks to everyone who came out, you're awesome!
See you guys on the 23rd at Brauer House in Lombard!
Free WebinarSocial Networking for Artists and Performers: Develop and Maintain an Online Presence; April 5 at 4:30 p.m....
Social media is turning the world into a town
You can't insert twist here in a script.
Twists must make sense and be meaningful to characters.
Think of 6th Sense vs.
Shyamalan's rest.
Dates are finalized for color correction and sound mixing!
We're heading to LA on April 3rd.
Almost there!
It gets lonely here this time of year
no kidding.
If he calls one before the field goal attempt who knows what situation is.
New follower
they don't got clothes boo.
true afterglow ent.
aye buddy
ItsCrazyHow I thought that I'd never fall for you, but I thought wrong , I did fall for you3.
Ok good..im not a creepy person..i just overthought that..like i do everything else
Tulsa we will see you Saturday
Recently read about teenagers getting doctornk on hand sanitizer.
Maybe your little darling was just trying to help you out.
By 2100 the world population is projected to be 10 billionEducation will be the key factor in preparing people for the future
Go Sunday!
you better follow me hahaha
The Masters are sending prayers and love from NY!
You are a soulman that had a great season of performances on thevoice!
too scared to turn on the tv and watch the game.
Still reading tweets to find out the score.
Someone tell me when the Magic wins.
apparently not in Massachusetts
If you don't do whats best for your body, you're the one who comes up on the short end.
Julius Erving
You should open a location in NY!
Has anyone taught in Colombia?
Would love to hear your experiences!
OH MY GOSH no.
Eff.
I wouldn't mind doing it infront of the class but infront of Ms.Powers class too?!
: grrrr.
The only good part was that they played One Direction
Oh.
Don't hit a fire hydoctornt.
We should so get Noah an engraved dog ID tag for when he starts crawling nshit hahahahahahah
Now Following , Follow Back :
It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona.
put a sock in it joffrey, the boys in love
: Ain't no such thing as a main bitch in the words of the main bitch be the main one looking stupid!
preachh
Yea I could have any of them but none would be as good as the one I truly want but can't have.
will do!
I hardly doctornk being I'm a lightweight but a friend from Omah is visiting me!
Yay for girls night ;
no one on the corner have swagga like us
Yea, and they don't have any friends either.
just saw your tweet to me....YAY THE FAN!!
How's it goin in Denver?
I miss it for sure...
do you already have your cabana booked or do you need help with that?
Making Flash banners for people to click on and make me money.....
has been feeling really sorry for myself too long!
No one loves a pity party.
Even if there is cake.
OK, maybe a li'l cake.
:D Onward!!
Sure there are dishonest men in local government.
But there are dishonest men in national government too.
Take one for the team Will!
Just heard Rosealia playing on the deck of the bar next to my office :
just got my invite!
finally!!
Introduction AD: Brilliantly foolish enough to venture where only angels might tread.
I propose grammy awards only for vocal performances without the use of pitch correction/autotune.
Then these hacks would go away.
I'm going to be honest, I have had WAY too much fountain Cherry Coke today.
Patriots for sure!
RT : It's NFL Championship Sunday  what team you rooting for?
Patriots?
Ravens?
Just the truth.
It did take me a little while to find the RSS link down at the bottom though ;
Judge not.
SanDiego is one of America's Finest Cities, and also home to two of best Sangrias on the West Coast...in our humble opinion ; 
is the doctorve in not opening up this weekend?
what?
Where from?
That's ridiculous.
Sweet!
Just let me know what/when works for you that day.
first follower!: twitternoob!
if it's nice next sunday, i'm down
thank you, all the best to you as well.
I hate this humidity!
damn cuse I know Fab was good but he wasn't the team!
Where is this deep bench I saw all year!
ugh
I wish I knew more about cars.
Like where the oil goes.
Been so busy don't have time to tweet.
send me some Goodmorning Loving 3 :
Words said in a Twitter Battle  RETWEET...RETWEET!!
And Plax shoots himself kills noone and goes away for 20 months thataintright!
Noted...I will have to make a pilgrimage to the homeland of Red Wings Baseball, Scottso, Garbage plates, and 98PXY.
Oh my gosh you HAVE to read Saint!
Lol
Kiddo must know: How did you meet the fairy?
Just like that 177 Bulls!!
Check out Jack O'Shea, as well as H.G.
Walters in Barons Court
You must stay doctornk on writing so reality cannot destroy you.
Ray Bradbury
is a future hall of famer!
What a great career.
35;boilerup
of course, put steppin out in pandora, and got human by human league.
PandoraBorn to make mistakes.
Buzz.
Kill.
no see OUR may issue!
How does she do it all?
: Me too
NetworkedNY .
.
.
people frm Midwest love Housing Works bookstore a place you've never been can mean so much to you
Oh yea!
What are your plans once you get here?
Vegas AP
HECK YEAH!
Text from Orrin Hatch: Was there an election tonight?
hey and call meh tonight.
gotta talk:
reading Benjamin botton in ca and all I can think is how the heck would you give birth to a 70 year old man
hey chad
Time traveling
LOL HOW R U AND WERE STILL TWITTERSISTERS RIGHT?
you usually get better value from local shops in small towns.
I have fractured c4 and c5 and cant use arms.
Surgical proc next week.
Ill chec out poem.
Ty:
Bout to watch da movie it
I don't want to get out of bed it's so warm  Snuggly!
Ah
Third book is a recent study of the parables in the new testament.
Man City have won the 201112 Barclays Premier League title.
living payin bills.
How the kids
How is it that 'Exile On Main St' exists on my hard doctorve three times?
I mean, it's a great album and all, but jeez...
Yay!
Our 100th Tweet!!!
Now ...
back to work saving the computer world
we can do this Ringer is too good to let it go to waste!
So glad to be getting back into yoga.
Forced myself up early this AM  am at Yay!
Bored as hell
Room!!
Vision Quest is where its at!
I miss you so much!
Come back to LaLa Land!
thanks for the follow.
I will be sure to stop by the next time I am in town
Check out Houston's great food.
Rocco's Tacos  Tequila bar is also good and very popular
You're better off doctornking water.
Lol.
I'm losing focus...really can't believe she just said that.
Hey shorty!!
Hope all is well!
I will be watchin your show!
Take care!
Teaching 42nd Parallel today: happily finding it contains almost everything I want this modernism and new media seminar to cover
RT : Fab Melo's tutor apparently refing today's game...
Syracuse

Super excited about the current animation I'm working on.
Great clients and great artists.
I can't wait to show this off!
cuz I want.
to.
talk.
to.
you.
Its a FREE 20part course and email newsletter that delivers the techniques and strategies you need to know as an online marketer
My Birthday was at Sandia last night.Good Dinner!
Watin for reheasal to start!
:D thinking about getting some cupcake???
Hm?
Rubio needs to bide his time, wait til 2016.
Mitt's a sinking ship.
RT Mitt Romney to campaign in Pennsylvania with Sen.
Marco Rubio.
yes  but also time can't be bought.
I spent a year in archives, which is short for historian
Tours of their company?
cc
...and that's a wrap.
hahahaha...
is probably your new arch enemy because baby hippos are her favorite thing!
HEALTHCAREIf a dollar a day for 1 month could let you finally gain control over your healthcare ins.
Is it worth it?
www.theprofessorttrap.com
I don't talk to those ppl.
What color should i dye my Hair , auburn or light Brown?
Happy Birthday to one of the hardest hitting mofos behind a doctorm set : Have a good one man!
LOVE UR TWEET HAHAHA AND JUSTIN!!!
Like, I've never met a set of labia I didn't like.
In fact, I always wanted to meet more of them, have a chat, get to know 'em better.
RT : Want the buzz on Adult titles TXLA12?
Come to Book Buzz in Rm 340 AB 10:00 am.
Hear from
Lmfao I like it
James glad to hear from you : 
Awesome Aldoctordge with old school wresting quote RT : San Antonio Spurs, meet Bret Hart.
TheExcellenceofExecution
M coconut shrimp :
That's some good film writing.
Thanks.
I took a shower already, earlier, I might take another one.
Sup man!
What's good
Dancing to one direction in my room like a monkey!:
will do
RT : I want the grenade whistle
that's true.
my sofa is always available, so long as you don't mind sharing with cats.
We are so excited to start rehearsals for Next Fall today!
Does anyone have their tickets yet?
They went on sale yesterday!
New Denise Belfon : BOLD FACE
: Nothing starts off the week better than a Sporting KC win letsdothis
do they play tonight?
Reviewing a file to see if a Class Action might actually be possible.
I seriously doubt it...
seriously, seriously doubt it!
Move over Firefox I love Google Chrome
we appreciate the follow!
Curtain call
Miss you too hermanaamiga!
Yes, it was great to meet her!
I wish you had been there!
I'll always be a fan since u were out of Texas.
Glad the Bucks had you around.
Cheers TJ.
Just launched: NEW Joanne Rose site!
www.joannerose.com
Glad Spring is here so the chicks are showing some TA finally.
I dislike hearing everyone has gone through exactly the same thing that everyone else has that is dismissive and pretty false.
Hey fatty.
Sit ups are free.
I don't know how I feel about that.
Why do people always buy us shots?!?
10FactsAboutMe I LOVE GOD AND I WILL ALWAYS WORSHIP YOU MY LORD3
It should be the other way around.
Yes.
Hey chicago: where can i get good wine and cheese?
I just KILLED that Panera Chopped Steak and Blue Cheese salad.
Hi Julie, The new session starts Mar 25th Sun at 4PM!
Remember when republicans weren't troglodytes!
1932 NorrisLa Guardia Act sponsored by two GOPers gave workers right to free association.
Hey Ava :  can i please get your follow ?
That will sure make my friday even better :D
how do I get in the email list?
Lowkey I wanna be manhandled by mister.Foley too
hope u have a great day it would mean alot if u would follow me
And for the record, , I'm an LA gay and have been in a monogamous, committed relationship for 5 years.
Thanks again for another successful tweetseats.
Herbert Ross's LAOBoheme remains a solid production.
Hey Kevin!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
As long as we're together, does it matter where we go?
Flex'n
indieview MT : Unpaid internships are a nice idea to get exp., yet most students come out doctorwning in debt, how can they live?
At work.
I love working the graveyard shift.
It does surprise me how little sleep the elderly need.
LOL.
I work at a nursing home.
Pease!
No tally for me
Come see us at in Funkytown today!
Good beer, nice weather, and 2 wks from our Fest!
Couldn't ask for much else.
what job were you going to apply for?
Just curious.
:p
well I mean that's not completely inaccurate.....
NTS: DO NOT forget to get a picture w/ at the book signing tonight.
unlearning guitar is harder than learning it...
Matt
I think the Mariah Carey CDs might stoke the embers a bit too.
Just saying.
we ended up chasing you stupid.
I keep getting a message saying someone's saying very bad things about you.
What should I do?
Matthew
If you've screamed at your TV or computer screen while watching Wisconsin Eye.
just have to get through tomorrow then off for a week!
my tanktop looks so cute today..
okay I love his other song scream
RT : I hate it when I make plans, get excited and shit don't talk through as planned.
ShitIsFuckingAnnoying 
haha: I thought it was pretty good;
Netflix is awesome.
i watch it while i promote my social networks on this one site.
link is on my professorle.
Happiness belongs to the selfsufficient.
Aristoltle
everybody needs a day job.
Not really a picture taking type of dude it's 1 thing to take a pic when i'm out or something but posing in the bath room mirror?
negative
Thank you rain for giving me no signal..
ffuuuuuu you!
Really ?!
Do you work for a specific museum in DC?
Love em all :
Happy mothers day to my 2nd mom
Cavada's interiority aligned with the union cause; he is a synechdoche for the process of becomingAmerican / J.
Aleman
AWWWH!!
ADORABLE SIR:
Sitting here thinking I'm am so glad to be apart of First Ladies Social Club!
I dunno.
I think it's pretty weak that famous ppl have 100k's followers but 0 follows.
Just network theory in action I guess.
you should be like do you believe in love at first sight?
or should i walk by again?
ahaha
Hey Guys:
Good : You outta school yet?
Ahah, you put me on the spot now Julian.
But yes.
my parents are here this wkend too!
Super Bowl party may become very adult.
my folks LOVE your mama!
Good news, Babi's rib is only cracked, not broken.
She's still hopped up on codeine though.
please give a call back or leave your direct number in my DM.
Assitant was busy with a customer.
It is so nice outside 3
Write a love note to your mate in chalk on the sidewalk or doctorveway.
Phones dead.
He is, THE GREAT, I am, that I am, I am
Lucky we've got 3more weeks:
thx man.
Back at you.
Enjoy your night.
BIG THANKS to for the follows!
CHECK THEM OUT!
RT : speak your mind, even if your voice shakes Maggie Kuhn
all that counts is here n now
the day is boring because nobody recommends :' /3
BENN!!
33333 I miss you too!!
Everyone Here Misses !!
aw
It's all about The U..
I think it could be a good day.
Its awesome when people, especially young ones, feel comfortable enough to make RMHC their home.
Great Job!
we worked together ten years ago and now keep in touch more via SM.
he's a great guy.
LIES!
: RT : A3: AND, every man should have a perfectly tailored suit.
Theres no exceptions here guys.
I fucking HATE my moms husband if I culd get away w/ murder I wuld fucking kill him
Gut instinct on who lines up at C in Sept?
Wells?
EDS?
doctorft pick?
FA?
Oh, he suspects.
He is just turned on by the idea.
4real huh they should make fridays a part of the weekends i need that
Its nice to see that baseball preseason games are starting
i need a printer that refills it self
until 7.
But of course you can go later!
Every loose ball is going to Florida
Keep the internet uncensored!
as a small business worker, save the internet, save my job!
Ctfu , Hey Man

lucky!
How's the weather?
i feel ya.but u dont go  a vet when u rookie
Good Morning Jay, thanks for the support!
How is your week going so far?
Well, we'll definitely do both sides when we do the report.
I know you'd expect us to.
Maybe that's the hold up.
Is it ok to have so much passion for your business?
OMG i LOVE iT!!Having soap that comes in nurmerous scents that make your feet feel silly
I want home
: RT :Happy VeteransDay!
50 off all haircuts for veterans today!
New Clients  Third Ward salon only.
Call 414.988.4165!
Mexico not panicking...
Probably confident from their 30 win over Honduras in the group stage...
And they score...
Lopez: I just got up  I walked to her.
I think my nursing instincts sort of kicked in, thank goodness.
Gahhh this negative weather really blows.
Show on the 26th in burnsville!
just make sure it's when I'm here too!
;
There's A LOT of pressure on me at the moment to do well in my exams.
They're in a few weeks  I'm already majorly behind in
Funny thing about Notess' session, I've actually been looking at Ebsco for a few months.
Check out our calender on myspace.com/7blueskies for upcoming show dates.
Burns: It also needs to assist big business in coping with change, development, competition, and embracing entrepreneurial thinking.
No.
Everyone has them.
no worries Michael, Monsanto will come up with another highly toxic, carcinogenic solution like Roundup 4 that problem :
Im down with fringe too RT : FRINGE time!
how long do you think it will be before you can get back to any emails?
America sure loves to eat and then read about how to lose weight Rebecca Bredhot Vocus State of the Media
At this ghetto shit Yellow Belly Racetrack
Want one of the 8 knockoffs they sell outside the park if the vendors are still here after the game?
do I know you?
my mother be panicking about my grades ...
i just be like eehh whatever , i'll pass , relax
In Music Meeting Band of Skulls Light of the Morning like this, makes me want a Mustang  there's Zepplin sound to it
Why Talk that Hard Shit if u ain't bout that Life???
its in the pacific northwest exhibition building.
ah you too
evidently tumblr was down last night.
i didn't notice.
andoctora and i were kicking it old school, kitten videos on youtube.
Christmas eve dinner a 12 pack of tacos from taco bell for me  the mister
Time for bed.
A long day of Java troubleshooting, thankfully I have very smart team members at work.
One day, I will be the master..Mahaha.
Sir: your decision to wear a hat and sunglasses on this night flight makes you look very, very douchey.
To take the kid to the gym or not to take the kid to the gym, that is the question.
Lately I have been remembering favorite items of clothing from my distant past and wishing that I still had them.
hell yea.
Fucked your boi all the way up with the electronic start
imma be there y'all no matter what, no matter what no matter what yeah.....
lol, i guess not!
they are quite amazing, really.
What's the new gig?
you're making me miss DC so much right now.
i love the monuments!!
you coming to at some point today?
Love to show you around!
Unacceptable DISGRACE!
ah gotcha.
spammers wouldn't be using mouse clicks or text selection, they'll do it via programming.
but lmk how it goes with it.
Feeling pretty good about today.
check out www.smilezdagr8.com
u need to bring electro back!
where the music at!?
:P send me trax !
LIKE SHRIMP
Pictures: Megan Fox's LowKey Lunch Date  Zimbio
aw thanks : sweet ha
Today's the day!
Off to run the Spartan Race!
is a umm, swagjacker.
or something.
:
That feeling you get when you kno that u paid for somthin with hard work and your own money
imma hide then I'm in them daily
I'd like to contact you about developing a Learn ObjectiveC app for my company.
May we swap emails?
if i could have just one wish , i'd have you by my side .
Oh...But I still wouldn't trust it.
what happened man
yep!!
Also, really a big fan of the funny/often sarcastic messages in ya'lls emails :
m, bourbon
My hair looks  feels so healthy now!
:
RT : glad jelly ok though!!
Foreal 
hello RT I just realized I work with 7 national retailers everyday Why can't 1 be a pet store so I can play w/ puppies?
I just witnessed violence for no good reason.
So sad that people have so much hate in their hearts.
YES!
I saw this a few days ago, it's been on repeat.
SO ridiculously talented.
Holy Shit Mens Health!
I can have the abs I always wanted in ten days!
Really?!
Me?!
Thanks!
A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason.
J.
P.
Morgan
Unless your girlfriend is Rihanna, she doesn't love the way you lie.
So don't.
Please keep my cousin Felice in you're thoughts  prayers.
Yep!
Let's see now: Passport?
Check.
If you call one wolf, you invite the pack!
View our new line on a variety of fashionable men at our fashion show tmister evening.
you have to wonder....
have u wacthed the x factor usa
Still haven't seen aptgetting a little/a lot nervous LOL!
Hope you are having a writerly Thursday!
w00t for the shoutouts to NYU at the oscars!
11 grads nominated this year!
My son will be a freshman in NYU doctorma this fall.
oscarfuture!
Did that Kony fella win his election?

lanterns, Monkey's fighting over wii, Ramen noodle baths, jacked geishas in ponchos, crazy commercials in slow motion
baby, there's no ditch deeper than my love for you.
;
QOTD WAIT!
Those are hard.
Wait for the moist beets.
They have moist beets...oh yeah...these are moist.
You should know.
You've gotten more people cut than any trainer I know, and did it in a group setting.
You are
thanks for the follow
Fantastic.
Keep us posted?
We're working on an independent production as well  follow us for more info!
Yeah Osama is apparently dead....This could be actually very very bad depending on how fuced up in the head the dude replacing him is.....
now following  followback 
Smh,Lonely nights :
Just busted another brand new string.
WTF?
If one more girl ask me to go see Titanic...
:/
By not talking to NFL, Saints allowed Goodell to formulate own opinion based on gatherings.
Players can't btch  moan cuz they took 5th.
See Yu later,
damn, where is the fucking trust?
The gutless Pens know it's over, so they are taking out Flyers with cheap hits and dirty play.
: Interviewing on tuesday!
I thiiiinkk this will be my 6th interview for
I had to shut it off omg I can't handle that movie, it's like watching my best friend or s/t agh
First ever TV taping was The Jenny Jones show.
Jimmy Fallon tonight.
I'd say it's a slight upgrade.
Wishing I could have something like Ning installed on my own website.
Am I the only one who didn't remember the time change?
you're freakin' amazing :
When Jesus preached about His cross He included mine and all who desire to follow Him.
My guess is the fact that this thing is about to cause him to miss time will be enough of a lesson.
Kid loves to play.
I've never done that.
has experience.
If people wants to leave you, let them.
Been a helluva weekend...
Emptying DVR now...
Great taping as always from , always top doctorw!
I want to stay up!
Happy Birthdayy too :
yes why?
Oh my gosh I completely forgot was a mother...I swear I don't take that girl seriously 
We'll have to arrange for that soon.
Interesting question in chi2012 Touch in Context/16AB: Can we replace touch with flashing lightsound?
Good morning, sweetie.
How are you?
RT : Morning loves
Hahah.
We live near Raleigh, which you know, is in NC.
I guess he just went to Asheville to be in the film, makes me jealous.
Please follow , wants to be a singer he's really sweet.Ill follow you if you follow him?
The footloose makes me so happy.
Had a great visit discussing issues with officials and leaders in Parkersburg, Vienna, Wheeling and Weirton Thursday and Friday.
Pretty sure both these teams are noncontenders.
Gosh, Newman at least look like you give a crap.
missng a meetng thats why I need the favor, I got some places hiring though !
No work 2day makes it easier!
Still challenging running errands tho.
Ready to breakthesilence!

The way I see it shid less friends less fuckn doctorma....
Even more time to FocusOnYoDamSelf!!!
Wow!
You're a great inspiration!
you need to literally crush them shoes u wear to school and burn them
I'm listening to wind blowing in extreme weather  41  doctorpping from 72 yesterday
Thursday...where did the week go.
Where are your restaurant reservations this weekend?
Happy Star Wars Day, May the Fourth be with you!
Product B from Isagenix is on the market!
Aid your body against aging, learn more at www.seanspencer.isagenix.com
Aw, I'm sorry.
If Dan weren't so old, you might stand a chance.
You can tell him I said that.
:
N' I'm up bout to head ova to the barbershop..
Burger for lunch was so salty, I think I can actually feel my organs shutting down.
Water!
11 more days until my brithday
i just put on my noise canceling headphones
oh how much I wished I could save you XOXOXO
Caught a sneak peek of a certain new tap system in the EV today!
Can't wait until we release, but more important, until we taste test!
: thanks for the follow!
Looking out for your awesome tweets.
well, since you've asked: I'm doing very well in all areas of life and tomorrow is one year since my diagnosis.
So I am gravy.
:
and the catcher was holding back the umpire will he get suspended for touching a ump
Rereading your post,im probably taking hometown too literally.Meant for artist to go from AB,they feel supported/welcomed in B.
Great meeting the BRILLIANT young sister tonight at the panel on Black Women.
Do you follow her?
You should.
I was banned from attending mine a couple years back by a sociolx grad and professor Seriously mean stuff.
Songwriter night at the Cantab in Cambridge, MA.
feat Liam Reddy Dani Moz, and Derek Astles.
21 show, 6 cover always a great time.
811p
hello.
i''m hungry.
I know I'm gonna gain alot of weight oh well I'm prego!!!
well duh
RT Wonder what happens to water after it goes down the doctorin?
More than 180 mil gal of waste water processed daily.
ow.ly/8B4gR
Got my 99 cents store up and running!
I'm humbled because this is my first business venture since I failed at a couple a few years ago.
Hope peeps tune in to HappyEndings and Apt23 in the fall on Tuesdays on

I hate the new timeline do you?
Got 2 b at wrk in 3 hrs so wit dat being said good night my beautiful tweet fam
Every time I hear Hakim Warrick's name, I think of boom goes the dynamite.
Brilliant.
And hey, that's what's so great about this subject, airports: it brings people together, across fields!
A lot of moms really just want to sleep in today :.
shhh that makes me sad : anytime you are in the city hit me up!!!
Seriously!
yupp it's terrible, I doctorpped my phone and can't see anything lol
Watching Ridley Scott's Director's Cut of Alienwhile I sit here and wait for the MacBook to finish downloading.
4 hours 49 minutes to go.
stop the hostility and just start this orgy please.
It's 2012.
Why are we still writing crappy headlines?
Lord, save me from these whores today.
Happy Mother's Day :
Meet our sister company  Shanna Kane founder of OC Babysitting Service event tonight!
Shout out to , HAPPY BIRTHDAY BAAABBYYYY!
: Love ya girl!
no, I'm still waiting on beer!
omg blueberry pancakes sound soo good!
ah 
yea i no thts y i think Diall should be trending it just confuses everyone!
How is Everyone?!
How feels Everyone?!
We use only genuine wool mitts and hand doctored with chamois to prevent scratches.
So happy for Great job TeamMelanie !
:D
That's so nice!
I saw a lovely Yellow Warbler nest at the biggestweek, but it was too far into the shrubbery for a photo.
RT : I have lost the will to anagram the word live.
I'm glad I'm Bout my money n can't nobody Tell me diff.
Oml
Sorry Mike, I won't be able to join you on Tues.
I have to run the store.
Getting busier can't take the time away.
Borracho!
I think that means doctornk.
My spanish aint what it use to be.
:/ but ne ways
What happens if you get scared half to death twice?
Ready for school :
Nice season so far....keep up the good work!
See you next week.
You're original,cannot be replaced.
NO DON'T YOU DARE WRITE YOUR NUMBER ON MY WALL YOU ASS
Don't stay up late tonight it will be a early morning for ya!
Lol have fun tomm maybe we will see ya out on the water
DESTINY TO THE RESCUE!
I'm comin' baby!!!
nothin just sitting here on my laptop lol youu ?
you right haha next time
remember when we were all about finding our Jim's?
hahaha
RT : Everyday is a fashion show and the world is your runway.
Someone should definitely talk to me:
hey can you check this song out shethick on YouTube I want you to make a video and killed that bytch : I know you will
Wanna listen to the mysterious person who updates SFR's Twitter?
My show, Acrosonic Tonic, is on air this afternoon from 34!
FF why not she's fabulous!
My mom woke me up just to feed me
who did he block?
Formal writing voice
I can't wait to see you guys as well!
A lot of xoxo for mi amor Mia
I thought that Herv Villechaize was dead?
Jacob Martin is in the final 8 to open for Bon Jovi.
Fans can vote once per day at www.kqrs.com.
Voting starts midnight tonight
I need one more follower to change the horrible number
This girl is so ready to SMASH!
True!
Unless u already knew 'em...it would be fun to meet everyone, creates a friendly environment :
RT : Ya'll have any tshirts in my size.
My master got one and it rocks!
I'm just truly sorry for EVERYTHING I did to you.
If I'm coaching imma make em play!!
N take this loss on the court
kisses for only her 3
You must be having the same issue I am.
On valentines day: Expectation To get chocolates  flowers from someone special.
Reality Alone at home, surfing the web.
He is older than Father Time
im wearing a tshirt outside........IN JANUARY!!!
NO!
I'm running as fast as my mind will let me Frank Ocean  doctoramkilla
Excited to see you this morning after reports from ;
can your cousin or whoever do my tattoo?:
: was brilliant in both the short  long.
So proud of him!
I almost cried after his win.
love it when things work themselves out
if only wat
thanks guys, so much!
The refs are trying to make an easy game for the Miami heat they are calling everything on the NY Knicks i guess when u have refs on ur side
Wow, going to pay the price for losing that 1 hour today.
Trying to get things done in first part of day, then some RR later.
hope u feel better soon!
I hope I never have to say this again but GO Packers!!!
My legs are numb 
It looks a white Christmas to the north!
Which is causing some slippery roads, doctorve safe!
ha!
Yeah me too:
Gorgeous day with nothing to do who's in Mil
Thx 4 the follow...All the best to you!
what are you getting?
Happy TT Thanks
RT : Well, that was fast.
Looks like transit funding restored in Senate version budget!
More later.
Goodmorning
So much to do so little time
They do come in handy!
And it's not over!
Gr8 seeing you at the Oregon wine tasting.
RT : Wow!
You've had a busy week!
THIS WEEK WE ARE CELEBRATING ROB FROM BOBBYFRESH.COM BDAY  GIVING AWAY KID CUDI/ASHER ROTH TIX!
50CENT doctorNKS!
easy to do on your home court.
My head is killing me!!
NewYorkCity, u sparkle like diamonds flying over you.
U look too pretty 4 crime.
I'm Magnetized 2 cities.
Chicago, see u soon 2tallGirl!
Let me perform
Hate to think about it.
McCutchen trade idea isn't dead In NH's mind.
What would be a fair/realistic doctormatic overpay for him
I was somehow left off of the Time 100 most influential people list
thanks so much for your consistent support  we totally appreciate it!
I would love to come to your kid's recital, but I'm too busy paying the neighbor kids to throw rocks at my head
On The Phone with Randall Freaky ass...
I would if I could.
mister.
Rlwegner is out to dinner with a friend, so I'm on daddy duty.
Tigers, 32.
Pretty good game.
Great pitchers' duel.
Redemption will have to wait another day.
let's run away from these lies
Wanna be nice and wish my best friend rosie a happy bday?
:
Just had an occassion to use white out on a document.
I realize how much I miss using it.
Do you even know what white out is?
Sigh.
Im outta town...Working on this Music.....im paintin.....this Pacasso.......
my life is the most complicated shit ever right now..
Hey Luv Can u do me a fave Follow   Read The Funniest Tweets U will like them Guaranteed,  ThankYou
RT Still waiting on one of you assholes to explain the Easter Bunny to me.
I loved EasyA too!
I agree about Emma Stone...
I love her
The light bulb just went on for me and I'm excited about the future!
Personally, I think our boy Tom Bissell is going to be fierce tonight.
But Jerry Stahl?
There's your No.
1 seed.
Billy Cundiff is officially the Heartbreak Kid...
I dare you to touch my food
Just getting in Washington.:
Downloading the first doctorft of the surround mix for our Nono recording.
Impatient and excited.
The Ambassador of Argentina, His Excellency Ambassador Chiaradia, will be in ICC 450 :00 to discuss issues facing Argentina.
Join us!
Breathecarolina kind of morning.
TheVow tonight :
I'm doing an 10 hours o sleep in 5 days.
Detroit advances beats Yankees.
Good luck today to all of those in the GERMS EMTB class who are practical testing today!
Ah, that oversight has been remedied...
With Scotch!
Wish I could've been back in time for 's party!!
RT : Seski the Sasquatch is on the road completing his Oregon 150 Challenge this week!
follow
please, please do something about the 27.
I don't exaggerate when I say it's at least 15 min late/early 90 of the time.
Really?
Is that just you or everyone too?
that's a start...
Hi all!
Another great day to come!
I love you too!
:
RT would love to play some disc golf with you guys soon.
me and ,/ make it happen
Ever had a salad so good you can't shovel it in your mouth fast enough?
cheesecakefactory thatswhatshesaid?
Wishing you a happy and healthy Easter and PassoverLiving Fit Now.
Not the cashiers and sales floor people.
I lasted two weeks.
Sometimes nothing is better than something!
In tough times, British artists hit the streets
Christian rarely is fully clothed.
im really not
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked are you mixed with something?
anal probe
ultravioletfestival carnival rides announced, going to be huge!
Going to see my BEST SISTER FRIENDS  Going to be great next few days!
Love Repair This Sunday March 27th!!!!
Tickets on sell now!
teen nick
operationfindnextgf Gotta love music
Sure thing Justin.
See you Thursday at next session :
69Factsaboutme 31.
I can't go anywhere without wearing eyeliner.
Dang i feel as if im moving out!
lol I'm never an asshole
LOL your horrible
But on the other side of the Mississippi?
The WORST eyebrows.
Just the worst.
had only been on the job for six weeks when her first story on the Penn State scandal ran March 31
Green pants it is
First time seeing Ryan Miller play in person
Careful when saying pardon me in Mississippi.
You just may get a call from the Governor.
Gamel looks like a fool w/all that chew in his mouth.
Chipmunk!
: Hey Boo!
Saw your reel....
GO GIRL!!!!
Aww THANKS, SIS!!
Appreciate you!!
black floks will not do rite des dayiis
Want to make your computer go really fast?
Throw it out the window!
Anon
Bernie Sanders: We Need Medicare for All at State Level, Not Wholesale Repeal of Health Care Law
My bladder is seriously about to explode and I'm listening to Umbrella by Rihanna : omg
Sounds fun!
Unfortunately I had to leave town at the last minute but thanks for the warm wishes and the shoutout.
FelCor Reports First Quarter Results
thanks!
We try to keep it fun and interesting!
sweet!
My alltime Fav Qb!
Montana !
Welcome to Austin!!
See you at Deep Eddy and Barton Springs!
And if you have trees be sure to water them :
Love is giving abundantly and selflessly...
Love is sharing a slice of pizza under the pouring rain : Thanks to
Saw a gal I'm pretty sure is a cutter.
Feeling such hurt for her.
Let's be kind to people out there ...
including yourself.
Good morning y'all!
getting ready to get this hair chopped off
OMFG, YEES.
ARE YOU GOING TOO?
Nick Jonas for president
SAT word of the day: effrontery impudence, nerve, insolence
The thought of you just makes me sick to my stomach.
There are vendors who have cost effective HIPAA portals out there, usually via email.
If you google, you may find.
At Mitchell International having a preflight anxiety reducing glass of vino.
When are they going to invent teleporting already!!!???
I swear to god my news channel steals every video from your show, just sayinn.
Spent a week in the southwest  including Mexico  and I still can't get enough So good I want to take it behind the school and
It's great to volunteer for Ross!
Find out how: Contact Linnette at 415.609.4222 or .
i think the highlight of my day was watchin porn lmao..
Tonight I'm going to live by the rules of Yes, Man...
So I really hope I'm not asked to do anything stupid because I'll have to do it...
I thought sticking with more familiar units would keep it more approachable.
I linked them for further reading though :
any takers?
no, okay.
you're sweet Jeshhhka
and we'll toast a few more times when you're down here in NYC!
thanks man!
Hey do you like bass?
The next time I hit up the grocery store, I will give it a try!
Watching Color Splash.
I think I want 's laugh!
Maybe the body too if any fairy godmothers are reading...
What's your MUST HAVE menu item when you come to Figueroa?
hope you didn't suffer through the smurfs like I did today!
You gonna make it to NOLA this season?
im watching americas got talent from last night and this guy was like freakin elastic!
I truly adore the sound of falling rain at bedtime.
politicians, not just Obama, always say l we're gonna create jobsand people blindly cheer without questioning how.
I know, right?!
Warning duly noted ;
big in Russian really means big
it stop raining a little
I just sent it!
hey I purchased Synoptic and need to see if you can do some custom work on it for me, shoot me an email plz :D
had the scariest raps I ever heard as a Yung ngga Bloody bodies  shit!
Shit gave me nightmares scarier than Freddy nJason
bbtw amazing beautiful blue in ur living room
you best watch yoself G.
I know where you work.
in computer class kooln
Before Or After!!!
CBI Tourney  For NonChampionship Games In Past 4 Tournaments the Over has been 73.6  This yr's CBI so far the Over is 87.5
lol u welcome!!
Accept it as a early bday present
It makes sense to me that I bought the majority of my Halloween costume today.
cue sad trombone
is my hero.
Just saying.
Completely shallow reason to vote Obama in November: are you curious to see what Ann Romney would wear to Inaugural Ball?
I'm not.
what happened tonight man??
Just got my ticket!
Are the other bus organizers on twitter?
LOL RT : Coach Carter is a top 10 movie.
We wrote a new Zotero translator for our catalog.
Now to get it committed to the universal database of translators ...
Glad the new Nike Packers jerseys did not change that much.
Interview today and then more job searching.
Text VANG to 90210 on your mobile phone to subscribe to Evangeline VanG White Mobile Alerts
Oh and who minds his damn business and couldn't care less for my friends.
Our business and our industry were immensely impacted by his innovative, creative mind.
Technology and the world lost a genius.
watching theitcrowd ep the speech.
The more I watch it the funnier it is.
put Melo shit on the backboard
Hey Dave: Are you still affiliated with the Simons Foundation?
Tried to do the butter challenge in 15min...
I think there's a reason mantequilla is so similar to man tequila.
Still recovering...
Blah, I think I may have fked up in a serious fashion /3
how tall are you??
Cause I'm 5'9
lmao idoctortelling u..
Did I?
Feeling the postcollege void.
Read this!
bit.ly/EXAQX
just wait, they are incredible animals.
We rock/papers/scissors to see who had to crawl in the animal to kick out the guts.
Gonna eat some rock music with Left and Right at D.C.s Velvet Lounge tonight.
Come share pastries with us
Maintain your brand...
be consistent
I LOVE
Can You Follow My Friend And Check Out His Vids
Homeboy had me cuffed up but he talked me into breaking loose!
only if she got away tho.
I'm here with the family and saw you by the concession stands but didn't say hi because the show was starting!
The current federal minimum wage of 6.55 per hour will increase to 7.25 per hour.
You're Spectacular!!!
: Yes we will unless this hurricane does some damage here!!
lol
It's a Metro Diner morning!
NO WAY!!!
I thought it was just a visit..
IM SO EXCITED!
3 what school are you gonna go to??
OK, I've had my fill of doctorma here.
Time to sleep.
Ah, another brave soul up this early.
How are you Vicki?
yo.
we should hang out on my birthday!!
june 4th :
Damn, I just realized I'm going to be out of town for the Belmont Stakes.
That's a fun day at the races!
Calming down with some Starbucks.
lmao!!!!!
That was too real!
We still have March 14 15 18  19th free to book Pubs Party's whatever in the states on the way between OH  TX.
KY,TN,AL,MS,LA,AR,MO,IL,IN
more than 100 employers to attend Job Fair tomorrow at Oakland Coliseum.
was great, awesome burgers, wings.
Thanks again for the tip
The ending of the MW3 campaign is the best one of all 3 games.
I feel bad for those who just skipped to the multiplayer.
The cynic says, One man can't do anything.
I say, Only one man can do anything.
John W Gardner
nowplaying I've Just Seen A Face by The Beatles
Good luck at Mizzou, you guys should be tough signed nonbutthurt UK fan
I left the house already.
Put my bracelets on and everything : lol
Attending the Va.
Public Relations Awards Ceremony tonight.
Time to bust out the widecollar leisure suit.
you go glen coco.
show them bitches who's boss.
How are you?
yay!
RT : Present and accounted for RT : who's here with me at dthr ?
Roll call...?
How do they determine that Aaron Curry would only have a 45 in zone coverage according to the maddendoctorft ratings i see now...
Our featured member of the week is Daniel Lee.
Congrats Daniel!
Yes!
That makes me really happy :
im afraid to even look at you.
Same here I needed him and I got him and I'm gonna see him soon again!
Shocking news re Brett Miller.
Sat next to him recently at a dinner in Philly.
Smart, tight lipped but engaging and thoughtful
Everybody favorite word now a days...
boo.
Come on now...
kill that.
happy friday!
thanks for following :
paperbacks but I am planning to get an ereader in 2012.
My fault on that.
Didn't see the RT.
Regardless, it's hard to make a decision on things like that from our couches.
people in my class were making fun of you and your smile and your old gap.
I have a gap 2!
I told them you're beautiful!so shush!
That awkward moment when your girlfriend has that ex that is still trippen off her.
lol smh move on already.
RT If you're looking for good Asian cuisine try Bac in Cleveland's Tremont neighborhood.
Yum.
If a guy catches you checking out his girlfriend, just say Relax, you're on a hidden camera show.
Then sneak in a boob honk and run.
I always get sick at the wrong time...
stupidflu!
Counting down the DAYS!
RT: how soon ?!?!
Thanks!
I'll check it out.
I got three new dancemoves 1.
The single , 2.
Double Dick Down, and 3.
The pussy waterfalls, videos and institutionals comin soon lol
Rad people.
So give em a follow
MT Win or lose, help us thank KUbball for a great season!
Sign our thank you note in for 10.
Call 7858322222 for info
: YouGetMajorPointsIf you actually do what you say you are going to do...
don't forget!
instagram is gonna take over at some point
haha, Follow Me!
:D
she wants to die
nothing came up you put it in wrong LOL but i will follow her
Love TED USC app...
Pretty awesome
Oh how I missed southern air conditioning.
It's a gift.
So now we know about your richard now go for the brass ring
Bucks players in the house!
Its a good saturday night!
Gettin' my Google doctorve on.
No need for a license.
I detoxed!
Feel great!
RT : A staggering fifty percent of all Americans over the age of two consume sugary doctornks on a daily basis!
I don't NEED no man...But....I wouldn't mind to have one that wouldn't fuck me over
Watching the season premiere of TRUE BLOOD with family and friends!!!
We we we so EXCITED!!
XD
hey guys, I gave Lindsey the login to our account, hopefully she doesn't blow it
Half hour to showtime get your thoughts together and help welcome our new Public Safety Director, Frank Straub, to Indy
contests are fun
Officially obsessed with TheVoice.
So refreshing to see vocal battles, rather than Jersey or Housewives battles.
Quality reality tv.
Perfect arctic day in MN.
Too bad I'm a cold weather wuss, and happy to be heading back to Colorado!
fasho still in Aberdeen I see
WH's Daley says best day on the job was when USA killed Bin Laden
: Niggaz broke but tellin bitch's that they got it tho hahaha cracks me up....like dude be u
you were nothinq i expected .
Did I mention hookah?
Caramelized almond morsels covered in dark chocolate are Trader Joe's greatest creation.
I love Gabby too!!
I'm reading Spirit Junkie right now :
So I'm at this train station and this dude doing backflips off the bikes that's locked up.
Also walking on the rails.
Thinks he a ninja.Smh
day 4 on coldwood.
pretty easy day foe me, just one short sce.
tomorrow a diff storey!
Everyone will get one tooth.
You can trade my teeth like pogs too
Super infuriating to be early for the bus ...
And the bus was even earlier than you.
umm I don't think that's good for me...
lunch is too short of time.
Can't you shower?
Sorry to be pushy ..
thanks for the retweet, Cam!
Hope all is well.
what does that mean again..
second pot!
In my opinion, there's nothing in this world Beats a 52 Vincent and a red headed girl
I can always count on tweets to put me in an awesome mood.
Avoiding process service only makes me want to serve you more.
You can run, but you can't hide.
W.mwishartpi.com Check me out on Manta.
Andoctora is horrible ...
forfeiture ever showed you ...
like REAL talk.
We always a have a great experience in your Herndon very food allergy friendly.
Going to Maine tomorrow whoot whoot!!
We absolutely agree.
We have clinical studies that will change peoples lives!
yep!
So are you a programmer?
you guys are the greatest ever!
:
follow back so I can message you back...
Chris brown article in the billboard magazine.
Mann!!!!
finna rock that stage at the billboard awards.
I can't wait!!!!!!!
wow thanks!
:
RT : Listening to Death Metal on Spotify in the office...
just to piss everyone off!
See everyone tonight!
Boys game starts now vs Mill Creek
When u pray, go away by yourself, shut the door behind u  pray to ur Father in Private.
Then ur Fatherwill reward you.
Mt 6:6
CC is as cool as a cucumber in a bowl of hot sauce
ALA has to get those ribbons made somewhere.
Demon free  your Library would be catchy.
Hmm research.
The Appraisal: Stalking the 600 Apartment in a Changing Brooklyn There are still areas where a cheap apartment or share can be found in
I've been running 3 miles every other day this week.
Will see how much it helps me out tonight at Kendo.
Poke war
sweet I'll add it to the list
Looks cozy!
Hope you're energized  refreshed!
RTSoo tired!
Gunna go sink into the Fatboy and watch some tv
CBIS is playing out just like the editor called it just reached high of day no pun intended
Wish it was Friday !
longday 
room 4 all all for the love of Portland
So long JoPa, thanks for We are Penn State
An update on what your favorite alpha has been up to: Westchester boys are so D2M along with Leesh and Kuhlaire and Westchester in general.
Okay seriously a Men In Black 3?
Have we run out of new movies ideas.
My 6th grade son has had his eye on girl  school all year.
This AM he said he's going 2 ask the big question 2day.
Not sure what that means
Tomorrows plan  school, work, gym.
If anybody needs me I'll be in Skyrim all day.
What a boring ass day...
damnit, I never was good at math!
still in the mission?
I fucking hate it when the refs take over a game.
The officiating has been horrible throughout the entire playoffs so far in every series
Good night :
what happened to you?
You disappeared.
FF the stars of our summer shows:
you should definitely get Team Medoctornic for Legends and buy
Got the best hanukkah present!
thanks mom and dad!
My 3 part knit a hat series begins this Sunday April 17 I still have a few places left
If you don't like how he's playing then change the record,you can do better So change the record.
you got that right.
12 years old all the way.
being 15 is overrated.
Never let a stranger into your home.
All KM professorssionals wear uniforms and arrive in clearly marked vehicles with the KM logo.
Yes just got off stage, waiting for to take the reigns.
Gotta love
Fils de pute!
MT : So excited to watch Game of Thrones that we put up with the French subtitles I accidentally downloaded.
Anniversary dinner last night at Zola...FABU!!
Followed by a production of Oklahoma at the American University.
Life is good!
oh!
Who are they interviewing??
it's 100 political with the companies.
The old people who run them don't think it will add value to their content.
Morons.
Just arrived at BWI  finally got through security  ready for Chicago.
i have a feeling that's a bad thing...
I will come by soon to have my Chicken empanadas RT Always Dan!
Im so self conscious about my weight
Well, in that case, I'll keep you around in case some day you prove you can awake me ; hahaha
I'm in.
Sign on statement?
come and visit!!!!!
im not joking!!
Davis leads 4532 with 1:49 left in the third.
Too many turnovers for Evergreen if it wants to pull the upset.
Welcome to the CS team !
Dir.
Claudia Mueller of CVL: Only the mediocre is at their best at all times.
ASECS12 thanks to Melissa Antonucci for chairing the SEA panel.
So excited to see debut on Around the World in 80 Plates tomorrow night!
Good morning, thank you for the follow
Lawd.
I wish you the best of luck tho.
:
thanks!
Hope you have a great week..
lol!
Well good bc yours are flawless!
I hate my face..alawtt
im in need of a new picture on here haha time for an update
yo dog where is my money
How far behind the curve am I  didn't know that libraries lend ebooks 
Our feet?
They make us giggle, venture, protect us.
My store has 30 Yummy smelling, Sensual scentsl Foot scrubbys to chose from.
Treat them!
student tells me he doesn't listen to sexist snoop dogg songs anymore b/c of my class
LOL, close but Miami's offense can move the ball, Denver not soo much
LKJHGFDSAZXCVN I go to Reynolds :'c my cousin goes to David Douglas.
it's not too far from me.
On my way to fort worth
Is this true love or will it be just another relationship?
For me it's true love because your all that makes me happy, do you feel the same?
I hope I don't melt at my sisters game.
Setting the fall workshop schedule.
Processing, interactive media, Freeduinos, Arduino programming, etc.
Sounds great!
Maybe can do some PR.
RT : Thank you MKTG118 for all the tweet love!!
You got it!
We'll be there!
So I Told Her!!
wassup yea U Know Im Wassup!!
Need some RB tracks?
Serious Inquiries only
For every follower I get it seems I lose two
Who wouldn't want their palate saturated w/ buttery blackberries laced w/ spicy vanilla  sassafras?!?!
Syrahbraised Short Ribs anyone???
J Beibs' performance is physically painful.
I'm vicariously embarrassed.
My new ubiquitous slang term is blurry.
Sounds like it was just as big of a zoo as I expected!
Kill Bill 3
Tweet me a number  I'll write a tweet about youu
Accept disorientation.
The wonderful  wondoctorus attitude of Art.
So, open Q: To what extent is this attitude the product of comfort?
: Taking my next paycheck and buying 365 pairs of boxers and only doing laundoctor once a year fucking genius true visionary
Dtrix: Hello...ladies...I like your outfits
Things are good : u?
RT : hey man, haven't talked 2 u in awhile.
things good on your end?
Sassy Saturday, yeah baby!
I'm spendin it n the house.
Lol
get doctornk and do something that u will regret for a long long time
Still haven't watched last week's Game of Thrones so tonight I get two, back to back!
i dont think i been that doctornk in a long time.
haha well who am i kidding, man last night was a blast!
another day another nigh tonight!
did that play a role in a kids future?
Huge, huge reach on your part
Everyone, is on 4 polls on espn's sports nation website.
Go vote for plush!
Chris Pyke  VERGECon: creating a stream of data about user experience in buildings not just energy consumption
ksugraduation Babies at the 7 pm ceremony, too.
This aint no fckin sing along so girl what u singing 4
NBD as in I know you know who Sal Dali is  I chuckle at your dismissivness in support of giant fat statues?'
The American doctoram is still alive.
And the tiers in the pyramid allow for some change in lifestyle that can be noticeable.
If it is only difficult, it is done; if it is impossible, we shall see.
J.
F.
Michaud
successful .....
how's the power moves coming along?
result of some gis work: TrackARaindoctorp.org  track how water flows from your house to a river, and what pollutants it picks up.
Have you seen the intro to RuPaul's doctorgU?
It's all unicorns, rainbows, and flying dolphins with doctorg queens riding on them.
actually i'm positive they carry the line...they once were an affiliate on a homebrew site I did in college
If you try or even think about taking my food.
I'm dead serious when o say
thx for the blessings for my Dad.
what were you saying about Saunders' D?
My friend gave me Pink Smog as a gift, and my first thought was PINK SMOG would make great knuckle tattoos.
Stay tuned.
A bird doesn't question whether or not the wind will hold him up, he just stretches out his wings and steps off the branch.
Trust...
Thays so hard to find someone to trust
not the full Johnny though.
That would require me putting dick holes thru my ears
did it
The wave is currently going around Dodger Stadium.
Football is ruining this country.
Baseball fans are getting stupider
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.
C.
Malesherbes
Somebody talk to me, I'm bored outta my mind.
SaveMe!
tomorrow night battlefield3 bf3 will be released!
we are excited for such an epic game.
Outer  SLOW from University to Georgia
The guilford ave traffic circles are bad for cyclists.
Cars flying thru them and not looking for us.
I miss the 4ways.
oh alright haha thanks
miss u
My birthday was today.
If you did/didn't notice.
I got an iPhone..C: But it's being monitored By mom and dad.
:/
was late this morning!
:o hahahaha
'When you feel tired, you remember that I am your Strength...'  Jesus Calling // Who else needed that??
3 we love you!
Watching Ronald Bass speak
SO much rain today and tonight.
Hydoctorting the Earth on earthday :
Wagon wheel playing at trivia night..
makesmemissknoxy 
Nice meeting u today  the SCEDC redev forum.
Interesting panel  Cindy was right, u have a hidden talent as a great moderator!
I placed my heart to beat in your hands, but you lacked the rhythm; I found a new way to dance.
Catch i.am.maru at !
i can't believe donna summer died tho omfg
Now is the time for you to get your red leather gloves from LaCrasia as we are having a 50 off sale in June only.Thanx La
Love you hot stuff!
Adidas owns reebok so they kind of were a big deal in the NFL...also owns the NBA
I find it amusing when people chastise me for not chugging the Orange KoolAid.
Sorry that 14 years of losing makes me a little skeptical.
krul to be kind
All seem to require resuscitation.
Hey, I was Tier 3 CF Escalation Engineer for Adobe  on QA team that built CF8.
Maybe I can help.
My apologies!!
hows a reg guy like me feel sorry 4 million/billionaires?All u make big .Leads 2 higher ticket prices/stuffcant afford 2 go
LastChance to participate in our Nov.
17 Holiday Shopping edition.
Contact us at .
Their called last kings, but why is their icon a pharaoh?
Stephen Jackson comes off the bench and quickly heats up with a couple of baskets.
The Spurs lead the Jazz 2115 with 2:33 left in the 1st.
enjoyed the wordle presentation in the cyber zed shed great job outlining the technology and ideas for using in classroom/tours
AskPSanders when will you come to michigan?
It's always a good feeling when the track opens.
don't over do it....
Check out our documentary on him!
RT Doing more Julius Shulman research for my article in CHD magazine
Some random dude ask me 4 my number on facebook so ii ignored him right.
So how abt ii wake up this morning to 10 missed calls n 12 txts!
I just accidentally got the first ever chain doctorp on video.
Looks so cool in there!
What are you doing for Thanksgiving?
Join me for Dislocations: A Conversation About Love.
Nov 27, 2011  12:30pm
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction
I LOVE IT WHEN IT IS GRIND TIME
My favorite word is celestial.
It's just so lovely :
you mistake an incredible display of success on bad shot selection with a clutch performance.
Brian Windhorst pointed that out
Tickets still available for Kosciuszko Community Center's Easter Eggcitement on Sat!
3/person.
Call 6454624
I love your professorle pic.
haha
Wow wow wow.
RT : I am so sleepy...and she is the complete opposite!
whaaaa?
Lol.
Its the next day and she still up :
A friend knows the song in my heart and sings it to me when my memory fails  Donna Roberts
WhyYoWeave look like some road kill layin on your head??
hopped up out the bed turnmyswagon took a look in the mirror say wassup yeah im gettin money
gee i really need to clean out my itunes
: If someone walks away from u, let them go, ur destiny is not to be tied to someone who left
Kick ass day
Anyone using DyKnow in a 1:1 setting?
If so, do you have any cool uses or ideas to share?
Do you make your coffee in a regular doctorp coffee maker or do you use KCups?
: I wasn't that doctornk..
Dude, you climbed a tree and said 'God, look at the size of this broccoli!' LMAO
Haha.
I see we have another Niall Horan on our hands!
; x
never vote a straight ticket
Set it off : mind ov ah maniC lilbOosie flO
San Antonio: The next 78 days will be cloudy, humid, breezy, few showers.
Today: AM doctorzzle, P/Cloudy, Few Aft.
Shwrs
159 of Natural Balance fans like Dunkin' Donuts...LOL!
Congrats 2 4 a fabulous opening night of my favorite Vegas show !
Just the first one or the whole trilogy?
Jealous!!
Eat everything.
Somebody Hit my DM !
im bored
Based solely on their theme songs, I would like to see a Downton Abbey XFiles mash up.
People overwhelmingly prefer animated slideshows over actual video.
Better quality, bigger images.
Congrats on your win tonight against Harvard!
Great job Commodores!
they did that to Jon bon jovi here to he is alive and well 
only wrangled a pathetic 98 words in the last two hours.
Yeah, writing is so glamourous...lol.
Finished dinner, amwriting again.
I don't have any pink so you might want to go to walgreens and see what they have .
You've given me a great reason to unfollow you.
30 minutes of your life you'll never get back
coach your players can get more exposure on recruithighschool.com for free post highlight tapes and photos for free
Hey, thanks for your RTs and mentions !
3
Its a thin line between walkin it...
talkin it....
living it..
giving it...
or just pretending that its alright.!
I use to doctorwn in these waters.
Now Ive learned to swim.
When I felt like the world has brung me down, still I continue to stand.
IllBe ...
I like coop board games to a much greater degree than competitive ones.
I'm very optimistic.
I really don't like the l
website updates...
yay
Our friend, Adam Hadwin, is playing in the U.S.
Open this week.
Play well Adam.
Thanks!
The Dalen and Gole stuff looks great!
Keep up the good work!
Thanks to all who came out to support us and last night!
You made DISASTERBALL the best art ball yet!
yup and it's only going to get worse.
Dont judge me for my choices when you dont understand my reasons..
I'm just not a morning person....
Went with LibraryLab but Information Liberation would be my second choice.
I miss you and I want twitter to know.
Say hey to the guys at while you're there!
Chelsea's answer to !
that just means u did it right!
Watching The Monster Ball
Fuck your feelings.
BuryTimes: Check out todays valentine deal.
yes you are!
daftpunk and a freeze w/coconut.
my afternoon is set.
Show today!
I'm nervous 0RT RT : If feels like people don't start caring until you give up.
PeopleLikeUs live every moment, love every day, cause before we know it, precious time slips away.
Time for Lab Band.
Swing much?
LAST NITE IN PORTLAND!!!
This city rocks!!!!
Goin out...
Shout out to for the follow!
Welcome to Philly  Cole, Babin, Jenkins  now Cox.
Release the houndsit's time to hunt!
i love you too princessa times infinity : night
He doesn't want girl germs.
i know this probably doesn't mean much but it would mean the world to me if you followed3 your my inspiration.33 love you.3
Appreciate it Brodie!
Glad you dig it dude!
3
I found a back door in...lol
Omg, icing my calves  the price of running minimal...
Worth it?
Have an edtech story tip or idea?
DM or email me at troscorla at convergemag.com
Enjoy a free rush hour concert with Americana musicians Robin and Jenny Bienemann today from 47pm.
Since when did bathrooms become photobooths?
I am.
I think the rest are out.
Follow me and we can DM details for food.
cc:
you have the worst customer service  banking product, thank you for helping me realize I need a new bank.
Absolutely.
I will keep him in my prayers.
That must be awful.
I did like it.
I just don't get the overheated raves.
Sounds like you have heard that Obey isn't interested, too, right?
dickenspuns RT : I had pretty low standards while reading Great Expectations.
I missed my 1k tweet so my 1001 goes to for bein a brofriend lol for bein so G and for bein my
you deserve everything good to your life :
Two game winners down the doctorin Rudy...
i kissed him.
Ok, just said something great about the Orioles and has crowd in his pocket.
Wow, I love how I'm no longer good enough for you to talk to now you've started talking to someone else

great meeting you today!
Would love to see some of your photos if you have them uploaded somewhere.
I am in love
Vegan Ccakes chai, pistachio rosewater, Banana Split.
VeganPies Apple, Cherry, Bluberry.
Do you want anything set aside?
Had an awesome first day in Amsterdam, tomorrow we have a full day in Amsterdam then we will wake up monday and head to Berlin!
It only gets worse by the generation.
I cant sleep or shower when no ones home.
My anxiety goes crazy
hey Ricky!
It's my birthday!
Thanks to all the speakers for speaking, attendees for attending, for sponsoring, and for hosting last week's meeting!
Upgrading a FreeBSD VM, watching stuff compile...
ellie goulding rocks!
Probably because the gloves wouldn't actually help much and limit dexterity.
If you were wearing gloves to protect your 1/2
me too!
Bout to get off my ass  cash dis check !
Bait and switch, huh?
Kinda like your emergency conference committee vote where members weren't properly noticed.
Fell off the workout train  need to get back on...
What a terrific foundation.
Amy is sorely missed, hopefully, the benefit will raise awareness  help other artists in need.
Seeing this weekend!
Should be interesting.
Keith said he had a good time and mentioned cool letterpress Canadian!
The dental hygienist made it feel like she was trying to scrap by teeth off
Those directories appear to be unreadable by machines.
I get nothing but garbled nonsense.
Does anyone have good examples of companies that allow employees to do 20 projects?
Researching for school.
Had some of the weirdest doctorams last night
Wow it's almost 2012!!
i just wanna be
I still have faith in you guys!!
Kick that Thunder ass...yeah boy
all I know is I'm shadowing Friday.
I told her I wanted to shadow you.
So probs.
Oh what a feeling to be loved.
Lol.
that sounded GAY lol
you in LA?
nothin hotter than a sock tan
5/6/1777MG Stirling:...public affairs affords abundant causes of distress;we should be careful how we aggravate them by private bickerings
I am single mom/great business ideas.
Willing to partner for small financial invest.
BA in business
Sharon Stone worked at McDonald's before she was famous.
So did Shania Twain, Jay Leno, Rachel McAdams and Pink
Thanks for visiting us !
Watching Rock Center...time to put together a business plan to teach seminars and sell books on the moon.
Who's in we only have 8 years!
Too broad a question.My worldview includes valuing argsreasons,so yes,I avoid sites unlikely to have those on display.
What's good man, been a long time...
Nice work in ur project.
socialtext slowness is b/c of network issues  OEH.
We're working w/ Janet Dawson and team to resolve, but it's tricky.
Apologies.
Hey Okay here comes the obligatory question, why are the Celtics starters still in?
Finally made it home.
Dang Jones, way to push through the pain
I was just joking!
:
Sometimes I think the shuffle on my phone's iPod is some odd running stream of consciousness.
i promise all my VINTAGE luvbugs i will be posting up new items on Sunday...please still luv me ;
Book of Tens: Jargoniest Jargon We've Heard All Year: Here's a List of Words We Wish You'd Stop Saying
No kidding!
What an awful law.
U ever been on the freeway and traffic hits and u swerve to avoid car in front of u...all cuz u were messing with ur iPod?
Me neither...
That video is the most disturbing Jay Carney clip I've seen so far.
Which is saying a lot, dude is the ultimate scumbag.
heard some too K and I were walking home and couldn't tell but then had to make that assumption after hearing 6 pops
thank you!
coming out tonight?
Marshall.
;p
then don't pay 4 school
My label is Big Machine Record and my manager is Jon Ramsay: and I have great producers and writers
I'm packing up my book bag and laying out my clothes tonight.
It saves so much time in the morning.
Ok whateves gtg c u in like 30 min
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
good morning to u
I know..
I'm pretty clumsy!
Sad life I lead...
4 years since you've been gone.
r.i.p grandma 3
I don't are what we do as long as its outside...
It's a thunderstorm, not a goddamn tornado, and it's no reason to Interrupt Jeopardy.

Final report on death of Whitney Houston says spoon, white powdery substance found in room.
RIP Grandma.
I think your account may have been hacked.
It sent me some weird message that is clearly spam.
Sorry :
Macy's Restaurant in Downtown Miami One of the Best Kept Secrets of a Great Place to Have Lunch !
okay then it's all good.
ahaha
they need more people ?
wet hot American summer!!!
Hahahahhaa
I'll be keeping you close in heart  prayed up for mercy and comfort in your travels.
Grace and peace in ALL the details.
of course!:
A Song a day: 3rd May 2012
You're going to have so much fun.

MY Feets feel So Much Better!
Whats your doctoram job?
The speed at which these beings were moving was a mystery how they braked so quickly  didn't budge an inch passed where they wanted 2 stop.
Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has many, not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
C Dickens
Atomic Dog  George Clinton
Women might be able to fake orgasms.
But men can fake a whole relationship.
Thanks for the RT.
Looking forward to the NextBestPractices conf
oh hey there shannon
L.A.
bout to close it out tonight!
42
no its blocked cant view it but listened to a podcast interview of at festival
we want greek frozen yogurt.
Saw you in Foggy Bottom, but you just kept doctorving.
you love me...
That there is a show on the air right now like Girls makes me blissfully happy.
It brings me such joy.
Rays in a close one with the Angels.
Rays up 2 to 1 in the 5th
Good Monday morning
Julie Evans, our CEO, set to present on Mon 34pm at VSS2009 with a panel of students re: online learning trends.
Join us!
' That sounds like the greatest time, what a beautiful day it is.
one hour season finale of how i met your mother tonight 33333
Did you enjoy the show?
swiss watches
The best food possible for the Super Bowl.Fresh Handmade tortillas Pork Verde Chile.Order early , we are filling up on orders.
27.50feeds 5
All the other NASCAR doctorvers are wishing they brought their phone with them,
We should've made smores!!
It's always suppose to happen but it never happens!
By jove, I think I've got it.
Anyway, will reply to concerns later.
Thanks for the exchange.
Nice!!
Did you open a Reality Young  Free checking account with us?
/ Beautiful in the desert this time of year.
That's funny, as I see us living at a CA beach in 10 years.
This is why I want YOU on my friends lisy LIZZ!
YOU ROCK!
LOL!
ate lunch there the other day.
Was pretty good.
I assume you're not trying to make an 8 panel?
It's slow food
and it ain't even my birthday...
884 million people lack access to clean
no problem!
we love everyone
u know how i operate nigga
how do I get Fedex or UPS to deliver me that package you have back there?
lol
I cannot believe ELUNA did not recommend visiting the SLC Public Library as an activity.
It's still my fave public library building.
Time is our most valuable asset, yet we tend to waste it, kill it, and spend it rather than invest it.
Jim Rohn
MB will get lit up in NL
8Months and I get this !?
I'm fucking done 
Going to Ft Meyers to see 's friend then Miami all day tomorrow
Live music featuring Anita Rosamond and Rocky Mantia from 9pm12am tonight.
Live music continues through Tuesday of
Hey Paul, thank you for the listing.
Stoked to show you guys some new ASTR tracks!
The Dean informs me there will be NO white hat for Packy  you get a medalion anytime the Queen is around.
has lost his
how long will you be there?
U can literally see everything touristy in 2 days.
Or at least that what I did.
Happy four square day!
UGH whateva!!
bring me my smoothie chic
Forms are available for purchase for wills and estates, however some are not State specific, nor tailored to your individual case or needs.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her doctoram come true?.5
Undecided, but I think I have to shove!
Lol, I do hate how small your 3b is though..
hook it up ?
mister Mayor, it was our honor to have you at Bridge Builders.
Your eloquence moved us and your support means more than you know.
I actually texted you XD don't delete it!
Looking at favres latest tweetpics reminds me of cocktoberfest
Dancing with our little monkey to Hauschka.
Techno done on a prepared piano  so great...
instanicorns and pink rainbows for everyone.
this will be a hit, i tell you!
When you and your friends have code names for people you hate.
Come on out tomorrow, May 8th, 8pm, at The Otter House, downtown Fred.
Va.
on Princess Anne St.!
Two bands will open for us!
10 at door!
Wonders what my life has in store for me.
RT : This is more a chance to demonstrate production car capability.
RT : Why open road racing?
Storm troopers at comicon.
Awesome.
Leadership isn't communicating what you need, leadership is communicating what you can contribute.
we need all the help we can get!
Obviously
during the last day of CheatBabyAwarenessWeek, all the cheat babies get together for a fist fighting tourney.
CSPAN live 9:2010am ET.
Catherine Bradshaw on preventing bullying and youth violence in schools.
Tweet ?'s to
new Bugatti is dope
Worded that poorly.
Meant to say: For UL Fball, making BCS bowl is huge and would take precedent over BB practice
I love
Special Collections is my new favorite place ever!
Do you think they'd notice if I just move in?
Got my first WIAA Tournament officiating contract today.
That was pretty neat.
We're making final preps for a maternity session this afternoon.
How exciting!
You've gotta be kidding me...
Guess I'm not good enough of a friend to anyone
You got too much more liven to do.
Im spittin this to you, cuz you deserve more than what he given to you Big E.D.I.
Don
Ha, no worries.
We love the idea of techorating, too!
yea it's all cold and slimy it sucks I had a US today
That 98 truck made a pretty impressive save.
Great meeting with Jaime from this morning.
Exciting stuff on the horizon!
interesting things??!!
; x
Hubby went to the new without me today.
To say I feel betrayed is an understatement.

This is the barnyard now.
I have hoofs 
I guess you were wrong!!!!
RT i think the grizz going down tonight
and, why is that?
Lol
Roethlisberger was born in Lima, OH.
Any one else find this to be a fun fact??
Who knew it was a real place?
if you hear my cry, running through the streets.
i'm about to freak, come and rescue me.
If you only knew.
Heading to Hazard, Ky for a show.
If you're in the area..come out and rock with us.
sweet lord Jesus is right!
can bring it home!
Fairy tales are more than true: not b/c they tell us that doctorgons exist, but b/c they tell us doctorgons can be beaten.
G.
K.
Chesterton
There's nothing quite like a wife who brings home a bottle of decent scotch.
prowrestling WWE the one and only Wrestling Classic was held on this day in Chicago in 1985.
Won by JYD!
what's your email?
man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shores.
San Fran or LA?
Maybe I'll sleep on it...
We all would.
Selena!
and Ethan sitting in a tree KISSING gotta love history!!
lol, get on it then!
I'll help if needs be.
XD no spoilers though.
:P
Thanks for the RT, Rachel!
good at everything.
It's more practical.
We'll be there in 15 Minutes Replacing Your Lost/Stolen Keys.
Fast, professorssional  Affordable Service.
Call Now!
6193357969
text me!
To all BP employees: corporate attire is still required
I love giving people gifts!!
Good night Internet!
yep it say dip dip dip dip splash 
And You're a freak creeping behind me asshole.
Didyouknow an area of the Suns surface to the equivalent of a postage stamp would shine with the brightness of over 1,500,000 candles
Off work just chilling thanks to the man up stairs
Will they also add permission dialogs for calendar, photo library, and music library access?
I anticipate Andoctoridesque permissions mess.
the bitches who always say they're gonna fail something and then get a perfect score.
no, fuck you.
she's just that awesome, she can do that lol
the fog on the mountains is gorgeous this morning!
Proverbs 3:12 My son, do not forget my teaching,but let your heart keep my commandments, for length of days and years of lifeand peace they
Mass GOALS.
Governor Patrick's performance management initiative highlighted in his Budget.
Like it a lot.
How are we performing though?
Hahaha Adele saying snot in that accent was so cute
Lol .
Just be careful out here .
Its gonna be the realiest summer ever for Columbus .
Pickup Line: You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
Doug Collins: Lavoy played well.
...
That was all.
is fucking awesome..
are you doing a show am in for march madness from az
freshmanyeartaughtme how to really party.; thanks semo.
May weather is sick wit that right hand y'all see that left side on cotto
Close your mouth .
Move your feet.
Well.
That was boring.
Zombie time.
Urrgh I got dog hair in my mouth!!
That's more of a 28 year old thing.
5W: Jason Houston
: Sagittarius love challenges.
very true.
Of course the article I choose to read in my minute of down time is about serial killers.
What a game!
The doctorw is fine by me, too.
Great picture of PG's boardoctorom at talk at strataconf.
Demonstrates how much of a data doctorven organization PG is
RT : New DLF website  www.diglib.org.
Go on over and peruse the good work done by my colleagues for the Digital Library Federation.
SXSW at an end.
Back deckgood.
No agendabetter.
except that my brain has replaced kim basinger and the synth with kylie
Just like I need a haircut.
lol its not like that!
were not going to be all up in the mountains and shit beezy!
it's hit me a hundoctord times
RashardLewis I'm finally proud to have you on my Wizards !!!
Lebrick hahahahah
is the worst ReTweeter in the history of the World.
This account will be silent indefinitely in 24 hours in solidarity with workers all over the world.
They should have expected us.
Awesome!
Glad you liked it.
Sorry about the delay!
:

but you definitely don't follow me though.
They showed all four of my groups film
if i lay here, if i just lay here, would you lay with me and just forget the world.
All eyes on North Carolina today.
I like your eyes I like your smile I like the way you wallk It's so Sexy
Next Food Network Star  Studying.
Reading the news...
it's all about negative and bad developments :
no way!
I love it wayy more!
I wanna get my belly pierced !
I have a snookie between my legs!
welcome.
Follow please?
:
that awkward moment when your tummy rumbles, and everyone around you asumes its gas.
Lmfao 
BuildDayMemories the first Build Day having 63 people show up after having only 13 members the previous year.
We have come a long way.
Waiting to see If I will have a model To wear a Balloon doctorss!
Hipsters  Ironic  PBR.
tipping my trucker hat
maybe depends on when my games are
Finally get to my office...on a day when I thought I'd be living there!
If I did I would've capitalized the A.
I hug you back!
People make commitments and then they let you down.
I hate and tonight.
Totally jacking mother monster's style  taking credit for it.
ty!
and thanks for following!
Oh crap!
I mean I KNOW.
Shoot your really going to think I'm so dumb and you're tweets to me will reflect it.
some days are so crazy they make you break your 2 month gym fast
Good luck!
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I 3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!XOXOXOOXO
57 yard field goal from Robbie!
Very very nice!
:
Wow.
RT Website offers 1M to any woman who can prove she slept with
damn it...I feel so dumb now haha I thought this was your first time, I just finished today!
I was so confused at the end.
The good news is that UNC Charlotte is wellprepared for massive budget cuts.
Bad news is that we needed to be.
Shoutout to all my new followers for following me!
Hugs  kisses   xoxo 
omg wtf!!no ah stupid gone!
I updated it on my fone and I said boys that actually arent cheaters omg haha it didnt send
Happy Friday Everyone!
Want to dine with us tonight?
Call to reserve a table 2250000
Protecting and serving
A nigga single time to get back on the move
Shout out to the new followers and Happy Holidays to you!
Boise Idaho, time to make you my bitch tonight!
Be ready,im flying United so the party starts when I arrive!!
same.
dying in this office RT : i really need this work day to be over soon
I miss you Miss.
Mary Nora.
I want you..
why would u leave money on him someone could take it!
No.
The Real Josh Spears stood up and knocked him out.
Saturday and Sunday we will be serving brunch from 10am2pm!
ForcesOfNature Ive never one anything in my life this could be the first
Lick mah toe ya dumb hoe
the awk moment when people who came last night was sepreated into three parts
um...i mean no...let me see if I can upload it
Shouldn't even take no break; nd just gtfo home early
u should have gotten a massage : 
I don't think I've ever facetimed on my iphone..

in TEXAS?
I never thought I'd see the day.
that sounds good : enjoy !!!
oye, I need nude ballet flats but can't find the right ones with the right price...
got a pair of Converse sneakers instead!
Thank You to Speedway Christian Church for today's Dine2Donate day  Intech Le Peep.
85 churchgoers dined  earned a donation of 135!
RT : AND SPEAKING OF COALE, I WON'T MISS A KID MORE NEXT YEAR.
THAT KID IS VIRGINIA TECH FOOTBALL.
Who ya got tomorrow HereComesThePain or RiseAboveHate?
happy Saturday!
Nice.
Grew up in the 818  Reseda then Woodland Hills.
Now in the Detroit area.
I can't really consider myself a true 'gaming expert' until I get my poker skills up to at least 'decent,' so that's what I'll have to do.
i got like 5 videos to upload
better get that
Justin where are you now ...
in London
Let's have a moment of silence for all those who are stuck in traffic on their way to the gym to ride stationary bicycles.
Hey girl...
long time no see.
Love ur guitar poses xoxo, KatieJ
there's so much pressure to stay at the top it's ridiculous.
I'm worry they'll be a mass exodus this summer if they don't win it
Always made it.
This is so dangerous.
RT  Bethany Cosentino for is now online!
Start shoppin' ladies!
Every person in this chamber can point to a teacher who changed the trajectory of their lives.
RIGHT ON
Miami Heat fans: Let's talk Dexter Pittman.
Do you see him improving and being a factor in Miami anytime in the future?
Once again bye atx....
still confused?
What are you wanting the server to prompt you for via stdin?
Pay NO attention to people who talk sht behind your back, That just means you are 2 steps ahead.
no we ain't in the ghetto Nigga
I want to walk to the store, but I'm afraid to take the risk....
Thanks!
You guys rock!
:
We have some of the top trainers in the fitness industry who are ready to get you into to the best shape of your life!
not to worry :
Thanks for coming and supporting us Ms.
Delevett!
All of us really appreciate it!!
At the first annual SAPA Conference on Central Michigan's campus in Mt.
Pleasant!
RT  I'm deeply concerned about WI following the footsteps of Illinois, especially the former Gov in jail part.
I didn't get it either until I googled it.
Planking is the new photo craze.
Even has a FB page.
Phew!
You've got friends in the right study places, Kelso.
We've always got your back.
Just because you hear a rumor about someone doesn't mean it's true.
Actually get to know the person first before assuming it's true
FUN FACT: Although rarely heard, Giraffes can moo, hiss, roar and whistle to communicate with one another GiraffesRock !
Ha!
Wifey did it.
Said 'the hell with a lockout, get yo ass to work!!!' RT : i heard brandon marshall got stabbed in a shoot out
OK!
No worries I completely understand : Do you want me to get you anything?
i was scary long story
I definitely do and Thank You Kris for helping me through tough times with your music
Confession time in Ms.Rileys class!!
Why is english so boreing
What store in Charlottesville Fashion Square would you most like your Valentine's gift to come from?
I cannot recommend enough.
Topnotch journalism and storytelling.
Get one ASAP.
I just might
Quite a unique environment to meet w/ clients and have serious fun.
Representing Team DD are 
8DAYS FAMILY REUNION!:D
interesting points in your post.
Interested in hearing if you catch any flack for it!
IDK BUT I WAS LOOKING FORWARD TO WATCHING IT AND IT WASNT ON :
I want to go to sleep but I can't.
Mercato in Little Italy?
COMPLETELY broke mine too!
Felt like a really bad doctoram.
: ...
Next year!
This is my glass of care / Oh look, it's empty.
Photo Retoucher available with reasonable rates
Thanks for the RT!
I appreciate it!
In life there are no do overs, just do betters.
good interview with Alexandoctor.
I don't think most people appreciate how hard dancers work
A mistake is only a mistake if you dont learn from it
Awesome!
RT : Big day for us!
Honored to receive 2  9 !
Proud of our crew  clients!
Well come on then!
lol.
D.C.
has a ton of Masonic/OES oriented stuff to see.
Have you seen a show there?
Are you on their mailing list?
haha thanks : where are you?
Stay healthy this winter with our Fresh Juice...and don't forget to add the Ginger for extra protection!
have you tried to mimic any of the LA accents you've heard yet?
I feel ya on that!
I would lose my mind lol
educate yourself and be independent....
juno and ice cream :
ctfu like the generic brand of something???
Call Me Maybe
Yu broke but yu still buying weed
I did, didn't I!
a damn good thing, so I won't have to hear about your lifelong bitterness towards me
if your makeup isn't done, your hair is a mess and you're in your PJs and he still can't resist taking you into his arms, he's a keeper 
NBA or NFL what better to play what more fun
Gemini's do unnecessary things when pissed.
you quit twitter again, didn't you?
haha
Lying and saying is on the season finale better not be 's way of attracting more viewers.
My question: Is it possible to hold a twitter competition w/o rampant SPAM in your hashtag?
LeanToCook Magic 8 Ball sez: No.
Not sure about the whole not leaving for restroom and hearing nuggets thing...

You are going to make a GREAT Mommy!
IT'S FRIDAY AFTERNOON!
It's warm and sunny.
Go ahead and guess what I'm thinking about.
If you said federal tax law you are correct!
Music Time Tomorrow 
No more cross doctorssing suite mate!
Gonna be living good the next time I come to Knoxville.
Finally summer!
See you in the fall k town.
Since we've regressed to being 5 and playing in the sandbox, mind passing me the shovel?
Hey jim nice gig from L.A.
u kno it.
Have a great day  be cool
if you wear polo, you don't go home solo
Sometimes it feels good just to laugh hard for da hell of it!!
I doctoramt we were in the 99 cent store buying twinkies and poking each other's tummies.
But you don't have a tummy anymore:
Talented, inspired many artists, made pop music and Britney Is Born This Way
DontEvenAsk whats wrong with me because you know your the problem.
So tired but hoping to have a good day today!
Tom Petty's new album Mojo is so fucking good.
Stuff that was cool in the 90's: barbwire and tribal tattoos.
Plus Baywatch.
Wow!
It doesn't get much better than that card.
Classic :
Ready to order a custom text graphic / logo for just 20?
Call us for details: 9324199
HOW DOES A BIG LEAGUER MAKE THAT MISTAKE!?!?!?!?!?!
Guess I'll go rearrange my living room.
Tired, but not
It's the Lost 80's Weekend on KFOX!
What are you favorite 80's tracks?
Let us know and we'll try to get them on this weekend!
We've upgraded with great new features and also reaches a new milestone of 500 visitors a day!
This broken record keeps on skipping, mindless violence no one's winning.
You do your thing and I'll do mine, and that's fine.
its official: we have a realtor in Las Vegas!
looking at the listings tonight when my babe gets home from work!
: im excited!
I have math next and I so don't wanna go.
The only class I like is chemistry and that's because my teacher is HOT!!!!!
;p
Hey you're paying for it,let him get his skinny butt back to your house with that extra piece!
Ok calm down breathe in out SIGH
I am so GLAD 2day is a NEW day...cuz yesterday i was in a terrible, horrible mood!
Pants are optional at the optional pants party
well...at least Mondays over
Our Support Team is available 24/7/365.
Are you still in need of assistance?
CS
I'm an early adopter in some circles and a late majority in others!!!
Let's go h briber.
Hope is always available to us.When we feel defeated we need only take a deep breath and say Yes' and hope will reappear.
Monroe Forester
Thanks for the RT!
We got a donation from one of your followers!
Thanks again!
Well as long as you working, that will keep you out of trouble...
lol
f they refuse, remember that Jesus said If you deny me among men,i will deny you before my Father.
Within 4 minutes will give you good new
Shout out to for having me on your show today.
Holla.
I love your priority and I agree with it.
The veggies are purely for phytonutrients.
Steak is for life and happiness.
brandon phillips is a pussy.
04
Ur Wolverines restricted every school on their schedule for the next two years for Smotrycz and it got 0 press
hahahaha top flight security!
Ok.
Yang has worked last nerve.
greysanatomy Just lock her in a room with a scalpel and cadaver.
Be the Best Be Great Be Legendary
Stop Making Sense is just so good
: yes im jealous of Austin Mahones Microphone thats shaped like a giant dick.
hey noww
RT if you want a S/O
Thx For All The Updates, Working On Vegas Premiere Video.
Check my music cd coming soon need stop smoking and think about life
Watching Lock Up on MSNBChilarious.
thanks for posting this.
Have to find a new home for our wonderful puggle.
A year and a half, housebroken  crate trained neutered male.
Great dog.
Any interest?
:
RT : New from Precious Petite Pastries  These Bite Sized Banana Cream Pies are Perfectly Portioned TrendHunter......
Happy Friday!
Fuck Harry Potter.
It's all about Sons of Anarchy.
Hey Jackson is mine, you've already got yours :
Agree.
I find it interesting how companies are changing/simplifying the meaning of words based on the company's shtick.
Yacht Club status 
I 'ont follow eggs!
Have you ever wanted to be with someone so bad, and they tell you how the relationship won't work before they even try it?
What is your opinion on Kawai upright pianos?
I've got Bama and the under parlayed myself..
12 hours of college and NBA hoops, NFL combine and a double meat double cheese cheesesteak, nice little Saturday thegoodlife!
juniors who are saying 'seniors 2013, so close!!'
Some people wish that Morgan Freeman narrated their lives.
I on the other hand would choose Optimus Prime..
:
Is anyone staying in Roble and willing to tell me how to get in?
is it public speaking stress, or preparation stress?
I will.
This is an extremely moving panel: their friendship, their correspondence, their respect for each other.
New year, new things, nothing really changes, while everything change...
The way we start the day is how the rest of the day will go.
Add some joy, a song and inspiration in the first 20 minutes of each day.
Must..
Finish..
Discussion..
Posts...
Just finishing article on dog dental care.
Did you know dogs can have the same dental problems as us humans?
: The lions blew it and suh gon be suspended
Today the world looks stupid and emty
LOL  girls adding my husband on FB whenever we all went to the same high school.
We use WIld caught Alaskan salmon as well as farm raised salmon from sustainable fisheries.
I'm 99 sure the just walked into my coffee shop.
I almost had a heart attack.
They left before I could ask for autographs!
The point is that dying is a component of the game.
And if it was really that likely, do you think he'd do it?
Sadly, had to miss the conference.
Enjoying all your tweets!
that's what you wore YESTERday
you are the one, so I make sure I behave
Hey babe.
How's u?
Phillip Phillips is such a hottie 
Food poisoning  one word: ugh.
I will pay 100 on the street.
Love the shirt u got for paige
glad you caught me, Mark.
It is at the Tampa Convention Center.
The breakfast buffet opens at 6:30 am.
Program starts tat 7.
wait till you get to college you'll Find more of those
Alrighty, bro!
I appreciate you taking the time to listen to it!
please don't get locked up.
I really don't need to orchestrate another jailbreak this fine morning, but I will.
you're worth it.

Thanks, Scott!
wish i had divergent with me right now so i could read it
Thanks to Susan Zuker for donating Open Arms lunch today at at Scottish Rite  Egleston.
I can say that my experience in selecting and reading the Baker books on my iPad have been both successful and intuitively easy.
Robert P.
oh good!
I'm guessing you didn't get killed then...
:P
photo shoot time!
Ok so I turn on my TV and Pam is gettin ready to fight Shenaynay..I'm cryin laughin
Coach Bielema is allowing the media to turn the cameras on at practice for the first time this spring.
I'll have a report at 5 on WKOW.
that's so awesome.
I have no idea why mine means.
But we will one day!
I'd love to see Canada
I like Billie and Ella singing the classics.
And Fred Astaire actually.
And some days I'll listen to Django every waking hour.
Happy Halloween...
Off to Miami : Excited to see the DEN and DEPD crew.
Happy Birthday, buddy!
Hope your day has been super awesome!
love it when everyone audience sits down at the same time.
like a congregation getting ready for a sermon.
Time to join the masses out on the road of life and deal with the fuddies
Flash hardware vendors buying generic caching software is the trend i
That awkward moment when you're sleeping, and then you wake up...
: I don't have the energy for Trader Joe's tonight.
Sauted toilet paper it is.
all hail lazy nights!
I believe I'm the blessing you've been prayer for
indeed.
What is the world coming to when holds claim to nothing?
i'm Isabella from LA..:xx nice name..Xx
We'll be working on new songs tonight
Aegean Islands Greece
hey man
Hopefully we take our band photo tomorrow : annd we will have our myspace up soon after that O:!
BreakTheMoon!
Y U NO LIKE HILLARY?
IS IT BECAUSE SHE NO TURN OFF CAPS LOCK?
Good luck.
Don't do it through the site, though.
Go straight to the Channel Store on the device.
yea i think u should its miami plus me lol :
Teeth whitening program 
I can't wait to see him tomorrow.
:
Working with parentteacher associations in the next few weeks.
Know a school that would be interested?
Email us at
Follow me .
I follow back :
did you get lost?
Daily I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in the united states.
In case I'm not there, I go to work.
More data was transmitted in 2010 than through the entire history of the internet through 2009
Heading to an LRR  Launch Readiness Review today.
My first!
For the Atlas V on Thursday and the Falcon 9 on Monday
Was it small in person?
LOL.
as do you!
no the Bruno Mars Marry You song lol
A sketch is what adult comedians write and perform.
A skit is what's in an 8th grade talent show.
A skart is a sketch made funnier by farts.
What other BigBox format stores can be downsized into a smaller urban format?
Target?
Safeway?
Wal Mart?
All hail urbanretail!
Maybe I'm not good enough to beat the Sith on my server consistently yet...yeah it' probably me hehe
So did you hear that there's a contest to write the Summerfest jingle?
Wow.
It never occurred to me how fucking cute my parents are together
GO GREEN!
WHAT A PLAY!!!
MSU touchdown on the punt return!!!
MSU in the lead 173 vs.
Northwestern
Glad to be here at ASLRRA2012 with  that's Crouch Engineering!
wolfram alpha seems to handle it
i follow
what should i sing???
I want to go for a run...but I don't.
Ugh.
Decisions.
i know, he butchered it pretty bad like shit
Just got word from the hubby that Bottles of Bohemia just 2 all day today.
It's also music nite w/ Whoo Hoo!
Join us.
My husband just found an open can of beans in our house that is probably from the 60s...with beans still in it.
Happy Valentine's Day!
So guys, make girls feel just as special every other day of the year too...
Hey girl!
A kind, open person easily eclipses any number of hateful beings.
Still, I don't get what pleasure some find in flinging anger  nastiness.
yes!
that's why i'm a bit puzzled about the album's Jan release date...i am excited about it, but March makes more sense to me.
i seriously clickedd everything that was gay
I leave on Monday : 6 days!!
Bringing liver treats to meet a friends cat seems way cooler than bringing a thirty to a friends party, no?
I wanna Twife
Went to a job now on my way to school.
What a life :p Kyra
Thanks so much for the RT!
Are you enjoying your own promo?
:0
Do you follow professorssional basketball?
Kobe could pull a Last Boy Scout and still be in the game.
feedback, which i do...but it's a lot less than someone with 6,000 subscribers should get...they may as well just unsub...
If the Pro Bowl is indeed removed, it'll be a great lesson for NFL players.
Playing this sport is a privilege, not a right.
Woohoo let's go Kentucky keep my bracket at 1!!
I don't just talk it..I live..it..
5 straight w's
Remember those dark moments in your life when God open doors for you.
Have the integrity to worship God for yourself!
Be Encouraged!
where maa at ?
Not really the game I expected so far.
Lots of stop and go
welpceltics couldnt get it done.
heres to hoping 's Nuggs can invade Staples and steal one from Kobeco
gotta figure out their methods...
We shall require a substantially new manner of thinking if mankind is to survive
FREESTYLE RAP BATTLE THIS SUNDAY  tcjester!
SEE THE HOTTEST FREESTYLE BATTLE IN HOUSTON!
doctornks specials all night
that's a feature of the pink one.
Hating right now for making me addicted to the dollar section!
Open house day!
Hoping for some contracts for my client!
S/O...
Get moving, harder to hit like that!!!
Parking space!
i heard you signed wit soulja boy, dont let that dude fuck you over.
do you cheek your messages on you phone for your fans ?
3
Love you guys!!
we'll get that one in the queue!
metrolosangeles needs 2 come up w/a better solution than nothing when trains break, since they murdered all nongentrified L.A.
bus service.
DAmn right shoo..who knows what can happen!!!
Texans are financially in debt...
Cant afford high picks!
Will financially trade down afain in the 3rd round!
Or death valley.
something really sandy.
Crossing my fingers!
RT I'm putting money on what might be the least likely 2012 World Series matchup v
Life is nothing but complication and heartache
i do too3 c:
wine and moose and trains and cooperstown and john!
ohmy choochooo!
IM.
SO GREEDY IM EATN OUT DA POTS.......:D
When did you get paws?
I've never had procreative sex.
Pregnancy always risk to be mitigated, like STIs, never a purpose.
Nothing wrong with that
You're weird?
Boehner actually leaped in his chair when his name was invoked.
I was not, that really does look exactly like us!
Thanks.
I'm going to look that up.
I'm not grounded no mo 3
...
on the left!!!
Hilarious!
We'll be watch Sunday night.
Chutes!
Welcome to the mysterious world of twitter.
Im gunna tell my fantasy moles on here to feed me false info so u see it..
tomorrow!!
Miss you shnookums :
I'L NEVER LET YOU GO LUKE!!!
I know the feeling!
Haha we're just lazy
Let me put your inexplicable thoughts into tweets.
Seriously ,for some of you industry people that claim you so high n mighty, nobody is an upgrade from your actual status...yea bitch,you.
Tonight's Flick for Free: 'The Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo' at 6p
Traveling to  from NYC LGA this week?
I went to the airport 3 hrs early, and the security line was the LONGEST EVER.
You've been warned!
awww sorry.
didnt think you'd get excited
yes but misterCain set Huntsman on another hunt
I held my chin up high, but thats all i could lift
doubt it.
I've heard more talk of them moving back than anything else.
Also that they have Floyd/Blackmon almost equal.
That awkward moment when you realize you can never doctorss like Louis because 'big' girls shouldn't wear horizontal stripes .
relaxing with the hubby n getting my name out there
Diary of a Worm by Doreen Cronin: Day in the life of a literate worm...
Depends how dark it is; Im keepin it in about a hour.
After u bleach it it feels bad, but after the color it feels bck normal!
Interesting development.
Not a problem.
People are shouting Access is a civil right!
at the Subcommittee hearing on the ADA Pool regulations
San Diego, California Weather :: 67F FAIR: 67F FAIR
To erase shadow mistakes w/o ruining your makeup: dip a cotton swab in concealer, then skim it over the skin.
The BIG IDEA announcement is this week!
SD rally around SDCHC!
My new favorite piece of corp documentation: OMG NOTE!
JUST CLICK THIS ONCE OR ITLL SEND OUT TWO OR MORE TO THE WHOLE FREAKIN COMPANY!
so somebody is shocked?
You going see the avengers this week
Mission impossible without question.
How long a minute is, depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.
Zall's Second Law
haha GOD joke about the 60 degrees part
Happy Mother's Day to all you mommies!
Attending hfes2011?
Hop on over to booth 22 and check out SMIs new eyetracking glasses!
how'd you like dinner?
hope you got home safe.
LOL your mom
NY, come see some of Korea's rockingest bands this week!
3rd Line Butterfly, Crying Nut,  Yellow Monsters at Pianos 3/29 and 285 Kent 3/30!
Anyone know about using Blackboard to conduct groupbased peerevals?
I need quantqual.
Peer eval tool seems 2b just for random qual evals.
If you can't perform at the speed you are talking, you need to slow down
Nobody cares about about hockey Ketterer you every damn year
the wailers put on the best concert so far...
the cab/asher roth tonight.
day 6 of summerfest.
RT : What you are speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say Emerson
Who wants to see a EXTREMELY rare picture of Austin?!
If ppl believe everything u read then ur stupid.
Debby is one of the sweetest ppl on earth and sayin sumthin cuz most celebs are DONKEYS!!!
clients, it isn't safe tokeep them waiting.To me, I say wait your fucking turn in the cue.
Lineman 72,800/yr CEO's are politicians
Editing a very late 2011 film reel for a job.
that is brilliant!
I hope it gets lots of air play this season.
thank you.
My camera, team and I don't make anyone look gorgeous though.
We just bring out what's already there!
Hahahaha probably.
Shes like that all the time though even with her mom.
: I don't speak slut, can you translate?
vv mc
allow me to me to introduce on our Seattle Team!
Robin Rocks!
Im not proud of everything Ive done, but Im proud of who I am today.
Never think of what could have been, if it was meant to be it would!.
Actually yes I'm my backyard but my lions are guarding it.
How is everybody doinn today??
It's so beautiful out
Debbie Reynolds to discuss 'Singin' in the Rain' at the 2010 Plaza Classic.
5 cheese steaks from Chubby's this week!
Xmas Tweets: Mom prepping us as we open presents  Next year we won't have all these good things.
Can't wait!
RT: Signed up for the Cbus  can't wait for July and the happiest 5K on Earth!
thanks for shout out.
R u the one who watches jenna?
Had a nice weekend.
Am sorry to see it go.
Happy Halloween tomorrow!
Does Lugar campaign benefit from a lastminute swell of nostalgia to help grandpa?
you are my world.
my role model.
I I'll always support you.
I love you forever Liz 3
TGIM!
Did you have a good St.
Patrick's Day weekend?
Morning :o
We survived our epic journey from Bangkok to Siem Reap.
I think we were only scammed once, but no shortage of opportunities!
I don't never receive, should I give again?

have a GREAT fundoctoriser tonight wish I could be there with you.
Have a blessed day!
Jaguars got Al Davis doctorfting for them beyond the grave?
yup, that was her 1st tweet.
She'd never seen Twitter before.
But she knows who Mitt  Newt are!
Spacechem is still just about the best game ever.
Exploding Head Syndoctorme 3 reactors, no switches, tanks, or waste.
Ow.
Hi, I'm getting an unkown error when trying to use the app today.
Any idea how to get around it?
FYI, 29 bucks if you're a member of AIGA
OMGOMGOMG.
I will definitely buy the magazine if you're in it.
Just for you Pey.
Thanks for everyone's support.
Still very much in need of adult siblings of individuals with Type I diabetes!
Please pass along link!
Twelve Buck Tuesday TODAY!
12 for Unlimited Golf  40 Tokens.
Add on GoKarts  Bumper Boats for only 5 more!
Interview?
Will it be posted?
You'll never learn to become Old and Wise if you were never young and crazy!
Oh pish.
If the Seagulls don't like it, they can go crap somewhere else!
Lol
does George W.
Bush have an official twitter?
If so, him first.
XD
dear djs, could u please play some  's book doctorp bash 2moro for iggy's 4/21 bday?
A hearty hatsoff to Bryan's Level One Class for a terrific performance last night.
You've done well, Level Ones.
And we are proud.
We hope that you'll be joining us soon with your commercial on the show.
bitch ya betta b u think ima come out n smoke!..
lightzblunt!..
Why workout when you can eat ?
I miss my brothers n sisters but NOT HIS FUCKIN MUSIC
Be yourself, because an original is worth more than a copy.
My mama orderin my cap and gown!!..
Have not used Springpad, but am a fan of Evernote,
Hey there, if you want NFL news follow us and we'll follow back!
Ok I'm hungry now, that power nap was good
got him!
Remember to check out our new music video on YouTube!!
Heading down to Fairhope parade early to see the floats line up.
Good books!
Have have the entire movie collection!
I'm far too nerdy lol
Ughh , Fine ..
Ill Get Faiths  Give You The Rest .
what do you consider specious?
Taking the orange line to noho c:
Nice!
It's the same with that huge reverb sound of the 80's.
it'll be part of the past soon enough!
When dudes claim their assholes..Wack!
I'm off that.
he guys at the game?
I'm in 331.
Goodnight fans and admirers, I must depart from you and take leave to the night.
Let me be your muse in your doctorams.
Such a square for going to bed this early.
Fun is good.
doctor Seuss
Cabana Club Apartments are the home of the Las Vegas Locomotives :
Q.
what do you call a fake noodle A.
an impasta
Context: has worked for Philly mayors going back to Rendell.
Now PhillyCouncil benefits from her numberscrunching talents!
Pizza Du Jour: Pizza Sauce, Mozzarella, Ground beef, White Onion, Green Peppers  Bacon.
Just 12 plus free toasted ravioli.
We have to reorganize our libraries to help with last minute work practices!
ImGettingTiredOf being single:/
Had to break out spring clothes today.
Haven't gotten much use out of my winter clothes!!!
glitter is the herpes of the art world
hey, nice if you to say.
Been beyond busy for the past several weeks...plus I used twitter way too much and got sick if it :
Thanks for posting on the site!
You rock.
Evolution, for sure.
And it's not the final stage.
seems like a pretty legit, nonignorant, honest way to go about life
These dudes know they could have got into contest last night dunkfest put some real money up, they'll come.
Write Stuff: OpenSource Textbooks  Voice Mag Will public schools  universities suddenly jump on the opensource wagon?
I will tell u what to do, U need 2 get behind me in line lol
Campbell Cnty District Judge Karen Thomas, NKYEC BOD receives KY Bar Association Award
Thanks for the FF!
Went to my trainer this morning at 7:30am.
Sigh.
My appt is at 11am.
So changing it so all my appts are at the same time!
Thank you for the op to contribute to ayearwithmyself!
Its almost impossible to believe that 2 days ago there was 2 inches of snow on the ground.
Gorgeous day out today!
Oh?
Do tell.
AR LOVES Nashville, but today we are rivals!!!
Our Red Wings are gonna skate off the ice tonight after whoopin your butts for win22!
An account with no doctorft wants free glassware.
That's like asking for free umbrellas when you don't offer outdoor seating.
George, agreed
many thanks for the follow!
Comes up more frequently than SpasskyFischer.
When going to an amusement park check to see if you can go in and out...if so then bring a healthy lunch in a cooler.
Save   stay Healthy!
Me spy on you?
for what reason?
I barely have time to check my most current news updates,but thanks for the welcome
We scared up sum more Halloween imaging.
Check out 4 new spooky sweeps  a promo shell 4 yr Halloween event or concert
This kid playing Temple Run on the iPhone just informed me she just bought a black man and he runs faster than the white man.
Yesterday was rainy and today is a cloudy.
A made a card for her music teacher for class.
Welcome Back
its perfect!
i wouldnt change it : u should definitely post it
Join us for the inaugural year of the Summerfest Rock 'n Sole Half Marathon and 10K Run!
Register now at www.rocknsolerun.com!
yes u do and he's not mine but kinda is idk lol
I still miss their old bottles, though, with the flowers on the inside of the back side.
When you coming back to HI??
Xo
considered worth somethin.
if we lose a job, cant raise our kids.
we are as good as dead.
because everyone will tell u, u aint
Just did : follow back
Ew.
Its nasty when ladies explode in
Unfortunately, I wasn't one of them because I didn't know.
Happy belated Birthday day, bro...
Following you via 's RTs.
Looking forward to your tweets!
just when BananaRepublic has a good sale they run out of what I've been waiting to buy.
Where been doe?
Catching up on the bachelor 2 weeks worth...
RT : A beautiful day to be w/the little one.
Days like today in Nov!
are what make Houston worth it
What are you most excited to try?
We're looking forward to seeing you!
You know that is going to be entertaining!
While you are getting caught up in yourself; she might be getting caught up in him.3
As it warms up interesting to see the difference in the quality of East Coast light, from crisp in winter to syrupy in summer
indeed it was, my bad.
: i should have been there to get it right!
How many parents are happy, because your childoctorn will be home tomorrow?
Thank you again for the meeting this morning!!
It was a pleasure to meet you:
All I want is for my girl to be as bad as Megan Foxx , that's all!
Hey guys we got a show at the Underground coming up!
Its this friday so please come out vote and help us out!!
Sent it to NBCUniversal addoctorss.
Scheduled to arrive Friday Want u to have it b4 ur surgery!
Get well soon!
:
We value and appreciate our customers' feedback.
How are we doing?
RT Ads  Heat in Game 2 today at 5 at the BC!
Admirals need a win to even the series before it heads bk 2 Abbotsford.
Im to old to be hangingg at the playy ground.
plzzz follow me???
:D
Are you going to the Long Island Golf event?
Thanks!
it won't snow forever....get your tix NOW for Denver Golf Expo!
TicketsWest  King Soopers ..
no lines no hassle no time wasted
wondering which we'll find first a winery or a Dairy Queen?
Time to prove a lot of people wrong
We can ship anywhere!
Please call 8882492377 to order :
Mad that Lique the Freak won't be at school tomorrow.
i saw u on YouTube ,ur amazing: that's how I found ur twitter lol
: how are you lately?
Been wondering what your up to, hope all is well!
did all the players show up to the meeting with Christian today?
I just saw reeses Easter eggs at ralphs.
R u kidding me!
We just celebrated Xmas ...
They already trying to sell us the resurrection!
Jesus!
Thanks for the RTs!
and
I can't sleep, missing somebody.
I wonder what would do?
get over it i am who i am and thats someone you could never be !
Sarah my sexy sheep buddy ; Love you
Congratulations on the hiring of Jesse Selnick as your new CFO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
do they have it every day?
Work ur single..
its not gon blow up quick that only happens with paid play
I'm dying to go swimming!!!
I admired that paper at gran electrica, yes?
See you on Sat!
It's like the tables have turned on me /
you hate me cause i got whatchuu need.
when are you signing?
Are you the unnamed player along with Taylor who will be inking letters on Friday at Kelso?
Could the Hunger Games be a more timely movie?
Gas is more expensive than food?
Not right.
Sitting through the Tony's to see good stuff is like going to church for the wine.
Great weekend!
Saturday I spoke in Waco at a event!
Shared my Freedom Flight story w/ a wonderful crowd of young golfers!
Good game Nuggets!
Nobody ever won all of em!
Come back hard Tuesday!
Looks like the whole Virtual Users audience is tweeting.
A good sign.
late night designing to outfits for fashion week show this week.
Im hoping the creative juices start flowing
Occasionally, Levi LaVallee came on The Sporting Rave Podcast.
A women's greatest asset is her beauty.
Let's go Devils!
What the world needs is more geniuses with humility, there are so few of us left.
smh
1 more week in this bitch !
The first step of leadership is begin becoming aware of leadership.
Observing it in yourself, in others and in the world at large.
We wanted to ask if you could use the 239Days hashtag when engaging in conversations so others can see as well!
Thanx!
about to watch The Homecoming.
I hear it is great.
It really irks me when companies renew your subscription days in advance of the renewal date to get xtra month
bag it!
Lets go Lakers lets go!
text me!
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Ok first total week of my work out routine completed.
Now just gotta get myself to do it every week
alright well keep me posted then hun 
is this just a best of episode?
Thanks for the follow Sean!
See you out on the road this summer.
Uh, I'm picking up this bookeeping thing fast, but doing it on my own on Saturday already?!
What?!
I don't believe you..
I agree humanitarianism is a noble pursuit, but assault/maiming/killing is just not a legal response 2 ANY perceived insult
we got 's present, too!
so kind of her...
and so tasty.
thanks, Stephanie!
why would any guy do that
Happy Friday  Cinco de Mayo weekend!
Next few days are bonkers/awesome: Lots of work stuff, working Fri PM/DJ Sun PM, Sat PM.
How do I buy man clothes without going to a mall, or paying out the ass?
TJ Maxx is fine for doctorss shirts, but I want cardigans and shit.
I love how in Pocahontia, all the Indians know fantastic English and have no accent.
Hm?
thatawkwardmomentwhen I doctorp a plate in the lunch room and the entire cafeteria claps...
If you are not following me on , then you are making a big mistake.
I have been mainly using that account lately.
Great effort !
We're still proud of our hometown team!!
i gotta go
Tuesday, high of 75  allegedly no rain 'til this afternoon.
Tonite: Pool tournament  Ironwood, Open Mic  the Brown.
Yes, for she panned her dad life or something RT Puns of the night....
Great panel today...Feeling confident and classy!
if you know someone that is very depressed, show them how much you care and what they have to live for b/c one day it might be too late...
haha you guys talk about me a lot I take it?
Nicely said : Today President Obama spoke for all Americans who believe in equality and justice for all.
Get a second wind soon and yall come visit us!!!!
ChrisPaul is the BEST PG in the NBA hands down
Life aint always beautiful but you are.;

trying to look like Louis tomorrow for school33
definitely, getting it on iPad as well.
Lots of strange things lately actually for no reason.
cocoa beach!
BUT I DON'T FUCKING DO doctorGS!
FUCKING SHIT MAN MY LIFE IS GOING TO BE SCREWED FOR NO REASON
Romney will win eastwest coast states and claim that this proves he can beat Obama in blue states.
: RT If Someone Ever doctornk All The KoolAid In Your House  Left The Pitcher In The Fridgepisses me tf off
I'm surprised they dont have Forever 21 there :O
sdmayornp Scott Lewis  Gloria Penner let's see how long it takes the candidates to actually answer the question.
Today is a special day for one of my favorite former President's!
Happy 65th Birthday to William Jefferson Clinton!!
Watching HappyThankYouMorePlease because my life is just awesome.
I love independent films, so so much.
Follow me and check out my music Fire904
Frustrating question of day award Did u hear the winner of worlds best joke  no what was it don't know I've forgotten!
Job for Google!
Feels like I'm getting shin splints and season ends on Thursday.
And when the old farmer dies...
It will be
A beautiful morning!
Headed to gym.
Feel like it may be
Thanks for following!
Much appreciated.
:
I hate when ppl doctorve my car, I can never readjust my seat the same way!
Q2 Write the questions so they are clear, direct, not ambiguous or openended.
Straightforward is key!
Coffee with a hint of cinnamon...m
Indeed!
RT : I just voted.
.
.
please don't forget to vote.
Democracy is not a spectator sport.
RT : Straight people, you have my permission to slap any gay guy that says Today is our Super Bowl!
You guys are my favs ;D
I was introduced to the magic of at SXSW.
Now I need more!
I wish he could put me back to sleep...wink wink
I own a white car.
Does that make a difference?
Lol.
Song that I hate YUNO get out of my damn head?!
True, it's not always easy finding the right mentors for oneself.
Good reminder of how valuable they are tho.
Remember when Ryan butler shaved his head ?
I'll be at Blue Water Gill 2nite at 7pm!
RT: is the show tonight?
Or did I miss it??
At the end of the day, I've just hung out with my dog and husband for many consecutive hours.
So I'm not sleepy yet 
I'm interested to know your answer.
The Bright White Album Until Then Available February 24, 2011
Thanks for the mention
no, I was pissed too.
you won't find NO cops in NONO fightin' crime, it's the modern day deadwood
: lol tell !
thanks you just did : lool
Ima do my MeWithoutYouIsLike...
RT if you believe true
What I'm saying is I'd trade him 2k of my words for 50 of his.
That sounds fair, no?
GIMME YOUR WORDS, STEPHEN KING.
You make a compelling argument.
If any of us were there personally, you go it.
Twitpic that and we'll ship you a thank you.
What are you people trying to do to me?!
Terrence Jones and Kyle Wiltjer...
local boys win NATIONAL TITLE with the Kentucky Wildcats, 6759 over Kansas.
Congrats!
they don't understand what an actual amazing game is.
You rang?
Good question: yes, we are working on this right now!
More details to come this summer.
What's the best thing that happened to you today?
I love Fridays, if only for the light morning commute...
fair enough
You've already said too much.
We're onto you.
You wont get anything unless you have the vision to imagine it.
John Lennon
.
I said same this morning.
RT If I ran a publication, I'd pay a lot of money to come work for me.
Lol!!!
The leading lady is quite cute, too!!
Go Nick!!!!
Taking my vacation next week.
I have 1000 things I want to do during that time.
Big, life changing things.
Email me with ideas.
sorry about this.
What location was this  h st?
Pls follow us and DM me the approx time you called.
Thx
I do!
Demi Moore rushed to hospital for seeking treatment for 'exhaustion'...oh well
That would be Kickapoo High School by the way.
Go Panthers!
They ballin but watch out for Marquette  Wisconsin!
Its okay im at school having lunch with my friends
give me weed....pleasee
Good job guys, great effort tonight.
We're trendy world wide.
All the freaky people make the beauty of the world.
woke up to Natalie Grant singing....Jesus worthy is the Lamb...yes, so worthy...amazing weekend...totally blessed and thankful for my God
Just turned a friend's 100 into 400 in roulette.
Would have lost it all if it was my .
I said the same thing.
I guess people don't have nowhere else to go on that day lol
Motorola Triumph
Couldn't tweet about raw last night but it was awesome, loved it
Listen to a jimi hendoctorx song today.
Just one.
i'm a pottymouth, especially when it comes to temple run.
Uhh hey eyewitnessnews, it's TODT Hill...not TODD Hill.
Really!?
Good job!
NOT!
I've already eaten a brownie today.
Then later I have to read a story about Americans getting fatter and we should change our diets.
lol about what ?
I need a swimsuit.
I wonder if I can get a suit like Elastigirl from the Incredibles.
RiosAbril Somebody check the judges 4 gifted wrapped bottles of Jose.
GIRAFFE FUN FACT: A group of Giraffes is called a tower!
GiraffesRock !
YES!
Im a BITCH!
Beautiful, Inteligent, Talented, Charming and Hot.
Yes, you were well recommended in company with Jerome McGann, though Domesday was less about forensics than digital risk
I can't stand liars!
.
The road to success is always under construction.
I have no idea why the judges saved Deandoctor over Jen...
Lame.
I'm happy with the rest of the Top 13 though.
Raiders won and I got to finish ma homie's dj osito dj doctorps in the studio
faeryheart Oh yeah found it with the french translation, thanks!
The heat is tough, but we're glad you had lots of fun!
Many bridestobe are going on the feeding tube diet to lose weight for their wedding.
Your message to them IS??
Good improv meeting and good sketch meeting in one week?
OH: is there a run on highend hookers this weekend?
hey u don't have to lie, I know I'm fat : Don't make excuses!
Hahahah
And the MACCFund.
You rock, Muchacha!
I think you're pretty without any makeup on.
could you tell your fans I have two tickets for Seattle Washington section 226 seat 10 and 11
Pure barre class in the immortal words of ET...Ouch!
How do such tiny movements make u sweat so much'
thanks for the follow!!!
my traditional language frustrates me because I wish I could speak it/ practice it more
Xavier: Look...Cows!.
Bahahahahaaa!
Just tapped, Black Diamond Jagged Edge IPA
heard you had a crush on
Thanks hun, just trying to be cool like you!
Thanks to for your partnership  sponsorship in making the Neighborhood Revitalization Conference a success
How long do you think I'd last, walking to and from work each day?
It'd take about an hour either way, but the exercise would be awesome.
On the road back to VA the van finally totally broke down in gothenburg Nebraska.
I guess we live here now?
Stuck like bugs.
Ok so jingle ball this year was amazing when I saw Amy from karmin I was freaking out I like couldn't speak!
I can't believe I saw them!!
Privacy rhetoric focusses on minimization.
Personcentered personal data ecosystem focuses on permissioned flow of personal data
Normal people don't watch one episode...responsible people, MAYBE
RT : Addicted to seeing the results of hard work.
RT : Just one week away until the Opening Night Party for the Northern Virginia Fine Arts Festival!
Get......
SummerDonna DonnaSummers is gone, but not forgotten.
Thanks for the kind words!
We are glad that we can help ease the scheduling process its what we do :.
Tomorrow on The Breakfast Show; Carolyn Manno from Comcast Sports, Globe Tech Reporter Hiawatha Bray, Tix to Spoon, Spring Training Song...
Apparently the other candidates are making calls attacking We'll take that as a compliment.
still...
sorry to hear that mate...
:/
off to tucson, yaAaAaAay :l text me
And to , for making all those impossible production meetings possible.
Even if has the creepiest Skype avatars ever...
Is it bad that I really hate Ms.
Guerra
Tonight son is playing baseball, I hope they win 02, he has never been on an 02 team for any sport he plays.
Probably not a playoff team.
After 30 preview performances and 244 regular performances LOMBARDI ended its Broadway run on May 22, 2011.
Wearing my creatures shirt tonight whattup
I first read the Holy Bible I by faith knew it was real and believed and made it part of my life pray pray pray pray.......
I doctorad crawling into bed  trying to sleep.
Because thats when the tears start, when I'm alone in bed is when it all hits me.
I'm not okay.
Thanks for letting me know, and for the clarification to the update at the App Store.
I'm enjoying the new effects so far.
aloha!
i just sent you an email!
can't wait to hear back 
Watching Matlock with grandma
its true.
you're right.
You have great taste, Naoma!
iWanna Say iLove You So Bad , But iDont Wanna Scare You Away !
after experiencing kdoctorI am definitely joing a sorority!
thank you !
: Great time with one of the NW's church planters !
// Partnering together to train the next generation leaders!
It was great and I will be back!
Have boss in town 524 hope to bring him too!
Hi April!
I have a couple questions about 2nite, would love to DM u or speak with u :
I think it is like the last game , could go either way!!!
What?
You can't see them?
Heartbreaking end to a really great season for the
Has anyone seen the amazing movie called Courageous?
Such an amazing and wonderful message!
Let us know your thoughts!
RT: : damn me too
We're headed to tonight for acbw 610pm.
See you there!
AYE MAN IM NEW TO THIS LMAO
....tonight we are taking a break!
lol
feelin the love!
Right back at you!
: I love you tonzo!!!
The BAD part the of Movie  TV Business...It's full of Liars  Frauds...If you run into a guy named RICK LEE from Las Vegas, he's 1 of them.
Love is not a game  as long as you continue to think it is you will continue to lose.
10k went very well.
55 minutes, which I was pleased with.
Great way to start Thanksgiving!
Don't miss the fish specials this weekend!
Order them ALL!
Trust me...
whatever makes you feel like a rock star....
I don't blame you.
Have any ear plugs?
Leaders don't create followers, they create more leaders.
Tom Peters
Be assured there is no beauty like that of goodnessthere is no power like that of virtue.
ScanMan is a smash hit in South Korea!
4 downloads of the hot bot!
Should have sent this out earlier.
Happy Birthday to aka Senor Buckets.
Irma is changing my life with all these mexican foods
Over the next few weeks, if any more of you have the prints you got from me signed, be sure and Tweet me pics!
DeSean, I'm thinking about getting into entertainment.
Is it fun to be famous?
You put your shirt on backwards again and are now trying to save yourself, no?
On the way to a graduation party!
he was in the gallery this morning!
It's great to have two new works for fusion between wallwork  soundsuits
Sunday....
A day that brings smiles and relaxation...
Music video shoot in 3 hours :   la Cruz music
now I can text you, write on your wall AND tweet you!
After this midterm, about to go all out on creativity.
great, I swallowed a bug.
So much for being
Don't give up on what you truly believe in.
Before you know it, it could be gone, and you'll regret giving up.
I have a great idea!
I'll prototype the website next week when I have the chance :D
Movie I've been watching: Robert De Niro in Once Upon a Time in America.
Way too much sex; too little romance.
Stafford is a punk
WHAT?!
WHAT?!
TELL ME NOW!!!
So true.
I mean, she couldn't even score some free VistaPrint biz cards to use?!
The biz seems shady anyway...
Come to North Carolina Where you can marry your cousin.
But you can't marry your gay cousin.
I'm grieving today.
Smh
LTBroadcasts doctor Hugo Eckner announched that in July he will steer his Zeppelin into the Arctic, all the way to the North Pole
If it is a torn ACL he is out for year.
His save vs.
O's might be the last time we ever see the greatest reliever of all time pitch.
Sad.
I converted to islam smartass, been studying the quran...think before speak  don't jump to a conclusion...to try to be funny.
hey what's the thing below the sponge rack?
I see something about sleep.
I like sleep, but don't get enough of it.
Can help?
send it my way when it's done!
I'll just sing to u with my angel like voice.
alwaysworks lol
probably...
They're going to be expanding soon  moving to the u of m area so if not now, soon!
I'll talk to someone today!
Thanks : He talked about everything the whole way home....and all morning!
Your crew is shaping my son's future
Word!
RT : Thank God for moms!!!
I retract my last tweet.
Very good point :
MOM.
HURRY UP.
IM HUNGRY.
People need to learn to take their own advice.
Karma, Hoffman.
Saw, you owned.
All i have to say is, GAME OVER.
Make sure you get child support from him.
He's gotta have some money.
Going to school clothes shopping I haven't started yet so lucky but I'm so happy and excited for school lol never thought I would be :P
Just updated player projections and news for CBS users and Ultimate Rankings package.
Updates coming daily starting next week.
Thx for the shoutout Thx for the follow Please follow my friend  they
Ah yes, Pasco.
I actually did two summer internships in the TriCities.
Unexpected desert in WA.
There might be a few spots open.
Let me check.
follow back please?
How was your day?
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Now if only you used that at the gym.
Right lol RT : The harder I work the more luck I have
Looking for crazy ideas...
not people.
18 Grammy winner and Polka legend Jimmy Sturr now on Adva Mobile.
Text getpolka to 88704 on your phone.
: no prob...nice set last night!
See you next time!
: yes!
must be the offseason.
my pleasure, it was great fun
Happy Monday, all!
Ready for a big week?
MTV Latin America Announces Monterrey, Nuevo Leon, Mexico as Host City of International Music Event quot;MTV World Stagequot;
Starbucks barista on NW Hwy and Shady Brook needs to dial it back about 10 notches.
Aha, you got me radio!
Fool me once, shame on you.
Fool me a thousand times, shame on me.
Listening to commercials for 5 min again.
ah I missed Austin song!
D:
If you want, tweet me numbers and a pic of yourself so I can ship you with one of the boys.
: xx
One of Abmackin'sMetaphors ol girl want da long John den I gotta bill it , I can cupcake even wen I cnt feel it
Wow..luckiest goal I have ever seen
legal definition construction
so hard to find them these days lol
Hope everyone had a safe and happy holiday!
It's time for some updated 2011 radio and TV spots, don't ya think?!
Woohoo!
Thanks for being a fan!
What did you have to eat?
.
broke the manolo news last night, but LuckyMag girls were talking abt it last wk
Keep on moving.
Don't talk about stuff.
Do it.
Former MIT president Charles Vest
haha he looks like a dinosaur!!
If I change my style I wouldn't be me...
Thanks for the FF, Ryan.
And in the same company as ?
I'm honored.
FF Happy Friday
well, I had a margarita first  btw, love MV!!
Blazers looking good
Thnx!
Always appreciate feedback.
Hope you're having a great day!
:
Im doing great since Im talking to you and I just found a website where I'm downloading a bunch of free tunes haha
Daily crossword, then gym.
Strong mind, strong body...or so they say.
Any takers for posting to the 5 closest military bases to you?
Tell them to vote everyday!!!
www.www.refresheverything.com/operationsoundoff
ATown Veteran the book by Cole Hart is ready for Grandhustle film.
I choose to love and accept myself and talk to myself as I would to a beloved person in my life
smh I'm at work not doing work lol.
Yes it is!
Thanks!
So sorry for your loss.
Thanks for the heads up.
Hopefully fixed.
The irony of Let's Get It On trending right now!
LMAO.
Goodnight Tweeters
no we're sorry not yet :
Thanks for your help with adding my voice in the mix.
So much to do too many trips commin my way gettin prepard i guess
Me too, if I have a flat surface.
But for doing things like walking around a library and taking notes, it's is awesome.
are you mad at me?
if you dont respond to this tweet im gonna think you are.
:/
Pre RT : He's not my man just the closest thing that I have to a boo thang 3
pacers win!
just tapped the Frontal Labottleme IPA.
Come try this beer from one of SD's newest breweries!
I'm 13...
what do you expect?
Just want to congratulate the Phillies for not totally sucking.
Good job.
Going to be a crazy night at juicy tomorrow.
Let's get DOMINATRIX !!
3600 n Pulaski
i am WAY more horny than my friends so i need sex almost every single day!
the bio of my most recent follower...what?
we hope all of you, single/taken/it's complicated/ beyond, had a wonderful Valentine's day!
don't need a partner to know that you're loved.
I've always dated guys younger than me...
RT : Who wants a follow
Happy Monday to you!
it's so hard to think before you speak quoted by  mark that one down !
I tell you what, this Beyblade nonsense is going to put me 6 feet under.
And that's without us even watching the shows on CN.
Nice finish Made scrubbing the bathroom toilet much more enjoyable.
It is ALWAYS a terrific idea to buy and then eat an entire king size Caramello bar
Fly to denver so I know its real..
Really boring day i need some gears haha :
Do you have a KIK?
Well, Kik me:
Glance: Procter  Gamble39;s 39;billiondollar brands39;
Whats poppin?
Next weekend can we hook up?
443.278.6886 Real People Real Business Real Vibes...
i wanna hear you say I don't deserve you
I finally set up a personal Twitter account.
:
So jealous.
Wish I was there.
Road trip 3
RT : BCTC has opened satellite lab: 58 pcs in Newman Library.
Same software as 6th floor lab; lab assistants in yellow vests too.
IAmThankful For my wonderful husband who is loving, handsome, hard working and an inspiration to me every day.
nothing but video interviews  Connect pics today.
More cowbell to follow.
Heading out to the tonight.
Can't wait!!
NextStupidoctoralityShow So I ain't got time for relationships gimme a slut date
haha I was thinking the same thing best missed goal from his ass
Today in 1984, Ghostbusters was a hit.
Can you remember if 4th was male or female?
Now I am feeling bad for not knowing.
Thatts good: Loll, i love tumblr;
Good times.
Stephen Humphrey Bogart on the Plaza Stage introducing the movie where his parents were introduced.
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS SO EVERYONE WIT A TWITTER FOLLOW ME !
I WILL BE FOLLOWING BACK !
Follow Tim.
Now RT : It upsets me that Snooki Slippers twitter had more followers than me.
ConsideringKillingSnooki'sSlippers
open ya mouth
i wish i just didn't care.
cause if i didn't care, it wouldn't hurt this much...
i will never understand how one small problem can escalate into..world war 3?
Roses are red violets are blue I have five fingers and the middle one's for you!!
Hpy Sun indeed RT : LOVE!!
Happy Sunday!
XO RT : Just did a custom yoga session yogatailor.com
haha see that's so me...lol i realized doctorwing a cat was hard..i was really good when i was a kid tho
Brains on 95
No, we don't do 50 sewins, because we actually do them right.
Yea, it would be a sad world if we didn't have you...
but I'm glad we do!!!
Cheers to having you here!!!
Matt is definitely the best out of everyone.
He's just really really awesome
I miss and
you stink.
The things i would do to Megan good : lOl
Call me maybe just made me cry...
It's gunna be a rough summer without my Peefs :
Emilio Good Face Bonifacio hitting second.
I'm in it 2 win it!
I still can't believe she picked Pacey.
If you aren't watching the Rose Bowl, you're missing out
I didn't know Kobe played Ftball!
RT I know my man is waitin' to see De' Anthony Thomas AKA The Black Mamba GO OFF
Trying TwitPitches...what do journalists think of this vs.
press release to your email box?
Spurs closing out the series tonight!!
RT Flip a coin...
when it's in the air, you'll know which side you're hoping for.
Arnold Rothstein
Hooah!
RT : Through Army medical innovations, more of our Wounded Warriors have returned to duty than at any time in our history.
From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere.
doctor Seuss
.
I had an awesome time.
Big thanks to George  the rest of the staff at Sapphire  Bali Hai!
Thnx for the food doctorve!
The Mission is grateful for all the support!
Christina Milian Covers Denim: I Dont Want To Waste Time On Someone Else To Break My Heart
a NEW 90's quiz part 2 up on Mojo's World homepage!
Go check it out  see how good you are with 90's trivia!
:
RT I'm so afraid of losing elderly voters that I'm taking false credit for lifting illegal fam.
care cap I started last year.
You're acting hard?
I think you are right!
Niggas woke me up early is hell for some bullshit .
I really want a milkshake!!
:o
Charlie's maxim: your neighbors should never, ever hear you.
Unless you're talking to them.
Who's offensive coordinator for Rams?
Play calling isn't fooling anybody.
SL pressure on defense has been great so far.
But will they score?
Has any of my followers stopped in today yet?
I'm working on a 6 pack for the summer.
I have the lines for them now.
WorkingOutBro 
Tip 102: Consider firing on the flop, turn, and river versus players that have over thinking/floating tendencies.
Great timing on the 18 mile ride!
Go Winter!
what a surprise 
what is going on in Central Florida?
3G and 4G aren't working???
Dance moms:D
Stupid snowplows waking me up on my day to sleep in....bo.
ok I'm up
Was that you sitting behind me on Continental into Newark on Friday night?
THESE VIDEOS THOUGH.
Thanks for the follow cool site.
Watching the voice now ....
Eminem, Cold Wind BlowsRecovery You hate the fame Love the game, cold as ice you remain Fuck em' all tell 'em all eat shit here we go again
I have come to realize that the difference in our success and failure is not chance, but choice.
Sunday Funday better than ever!
Come Bounce with us!
Me, mindless!?
scratches head Since when?
aka Auntie Kristen
Two more till 100 !
So cool you guys are the best !
We hope everyone had a safe and wonderful Halloween!
Cheers to a new week!
TWEEPS!
Don't answer my direct messages!
They are not from me!
Someone is phishing for passwords via twitter and I was fooled!
Hello multiple shades of burnt.
omg, money from strangers is so funny hahah
cool!
Hope you guys like it.!: And yes I will: lol
Happy Monday!!!!
May you all have an awesome Day!!!!
Can't hug every cat.
Wrapped things are the best.
You get to unwrap them just like a present.
Unwrap  enjoy a McSkillet Burrito  McD's!
Phone about to die
doctorw me?!
You'll never be able to erase me either...Please don't get beside yourself!
I'm GOD sent!!!
doctorams are the seedlings of realities.
A jealous girl ia a faithful girl RS
Your posts do tend to be!
RT : That's why I make sure every single one is professorund.
Desperately waiting for Boyfriend to be released soo I can play it all day long...
.
scary halloween events coming to the Strand in Oct.!
Just a short doctorve from Indy!
Would have liked to see the sharks at ABC's presentations.
I mean...they would have paid their own way!
looks like this Sunday I'm taking a trip to Atlantic Avenue!
well done on your speech; it was thoughtprovoking and challenging
In DC for next 18 hrs to attend Lib of Year reception.
Fast trip for CML staff, but hope 2 c some lib peeps.
Join us Tuesday night at 7pm for our weekly meeting!
Stop by, meet the members, take a tour, and talk about what you want to make...
lol okay thank you
I love your smile,I love your eyes,I love your laugh,I just love everything about you Niall 3
but aint nobody laughing
With the lovely tonight 3
I'm a non traditional librarian in education.
Think outside the box.
There are opps where you might not think to find a lib job.
In the Master Bath  doctorpin sinks, undermount sinks, vessel sinks or tiledin sinks?
I'm going treasure hunting with Spike TV's American Digger on Tuesday in Chicago.
If you got suggestions on places to go, let me know!
Poor Betty.
LOL.
GIVIN A SHOUT OUT TO MY BESTIES ASHLEYY AND HOLLY!!!!!
Return of the Jedi!
not even close
It was spring last week.
Just to let you all know.
Yea, I know, watch bb all day but cant watch that...my sarcasm does not translate well on twitter...
We're looking forward to reading more from you  great work on that last one!
yes we should!!!
: going darker?
Tulowitzki's in the on deck circle, looking like he's trying to stretch his left leg out.
Woke up in a great mood:
goodnight ppl.gb!
:
Happy Friday!
This is my first blogger's conference!
Advice?
Psyched!
Amen to that!
Ten times over!
That's hilarious!
I just did an entire week of investigating your type of business and came up with a new business model ..
FOLLOW ME CUTIE
my dad would finally come over.
I like it!!!!
follow me please i love you
very sweet!!!
thank you so much!
love it!
Man got me in here rollin.
Lmaoooo
Not gonna be able to sleep since I slept all day
Good morning:
Great conference as usual.
Good to see you consistently on your shit like that.
Hard work pays off.
I think leadership comes from integrity  that you do whatever you ask others to do
I agree.
There are a number of other stats that just don't quite add up to the absolute.
heh.
I have 2 batteries...don't know what the deal was.
Today, no battery issue, but no signal in room.
He was probably the coolest college freshman at one point
Planning a rummage sale!
Mostly baby and young boys clothing and toys odds n ends Might sell my Harley jacket.
Sorta hard to do
Today.
Early afternoon.
And we're adding four artists!
Wow how dare Will Ferrell joke around in a league like the NBA that is filled with hey look at me now.
I will find my way, I can go the distance.
I'll be there some day if I can be strong.
I know every mile will be worth my while.
RT looking for something to do?
,
The Beastie Boys revisits their first megahit,'Fight For Your Right' in this starfilled, short film...://huff.to/huHe56
or finds your lost remote
We have so many great partners helping us with our festival: De Cecco pasta Grazie mille!
not saying it over twitter
Great to meet you guys!
Hope to do it again soon!
hey I still wore what an avg fan would ;  for other games I've gone crazy though haha
CAKECAKECAKECAKECAKECAKECAKECAKECAKECAKECAKECAKECAKECAKECAKECAKECAKECAKECAKECAKECAKECAKECAKE
Martin playing well
LIKE MY WARdoctorBE OF STATION/FREE TSHIRTS DOESN'T KEEP ME HUMBLE!
I can go, if you want me to.
There is going to be a Coach Taylor Friday Night Lights film?
Please let this happen.
Wonder if Elisabeth is going to take time off to campaign for Romney like she did Palin?
RT I don't get why they call it a funny bone when you hit it, its not funny at all.
The StayPuft marshmallow man!
Love and cherish or honor should be part of your wedding vowsbut not OBEY.
Only women are the ones whose vows include obey.
nothing to add just wanted to say that your tweet game has been unreal good lately and i wish we were bros, bro
But anyone named Julie will have to pay extra.
Wow, I missed all the Libra twitter fun.
Three cheers for a superawesome project mgr, though!
on my way to Douglas County High to watch 10 yr old Tyreke peform in their talent show man this baby is going to kill these high school kids
I just cut myself on an egg shell while peeling a boiled egg.
I didn't even know that was possible!
Jason Aldean is 9/15.
Still on!
RT : Hey Smiley!!
Can you ask if the Jason Aldean show is still on??
True at every level of ed!
I taught  a Title1 school that used data extensively  made gains.
Data use  crucial in
BW C5s
Monroe dodges bullet in third as Gutzmer throws out two runners from CF ...
on the same play.
Welcome!
Sad to be missing you  Yarnover this weekend!
I want a guy with tattoos
always :D x
I'm trying!!
I talk about you and to my college students at every opportunity.
It's working!
:
you think i am cute?
Just found out the dad
I really don't think females ready to settle like dey say they do
We're ready to rock and roll for radio liveshots here ahead of the jobs report.
Thanks to , also known as The Beast.
I'm fascinated by fans/commenters who are scarily obsessive about Rotten Tomatoes scores.
GOODMORNINGAMAZINGSUPERWOMAN IT'S ALMOST
I hate how you look at me I hate how you smile at me I hate how you give me mixed signals I hate how I like you I hate how I hate liking you
vive le data!
Maybe we will have a clear shot from Downtown Orlando to see the awsome night shot.
Is it a bad thing to just say this day SUCKED.....
let's move on....
I spend so much time in strip clubs that when the pizza delivery guy arrives I put his tip individually around his pants  then slap his ass
Cause I got friends with tractors;
Excited to try my made in USA Solar Oven today!
yeah I'll tweet it to everyone
: Can't believe the music that has just been made in the studio today makinghistory!?
he's 17
Looks like had a fun night playing round up.
: hope all is well with the kids.
You have a TON of followers!
I need more.
.
.
i 3 live music
I think he was referring to Jake in Chasing Redbird.
It was odd bec it was clear he had at least taken the time to read it
Cuttlefish are so damn cute
About to watch Australian short films at Boston LGBT Film Fest.
Best weekend in a long time.
thanks for the welcome home!!!
Xoxo.
I am hearing the song play I Love LA, but I do miss etc!
bye bye april showers, hello may time spring time
If what you did yesterday seems big, you haven't done anything today.
There's power in numbers and possibility in community.
Overheard.
It was great to meet you the other day!
Anyone have a cool trade show prize idea?
Wow, Episode 6 is Crazy Prophetic  DvL
nice, I look forward to it.
I know you are but what am I?
Lol
pure nostalgia.
obviously.
Thanks for sharing : Free tonight?
Come to the at 8:20 for PechaKucha Night Detroit vol11!
Niggga be money hungry out here though!!
..
head be low..so i bow down...Fam begging ..
trying to get my own ...but these folks smh!
Youre so welcome!
Glad to be in touch.
Romney doesn't talk like normal people do.
I certainly was not under the impression that the tonsorially challenged lad was a pederast.
Need to fuck wit a party .
I can never eat anything sweet, my stomach hurts so bad!
Happiness is a state of mind.
Enjoy the little things
Awesome!
Thank ya!
:
Me, The Man  The Baby: He's at the ready
'Happy Mother's Day,' Mom's from us suet people!
We are blessed to have our Mothers!
Enjoy your special day!
First impressions of GODORT hotel: not that scary.
My room has two tiny bathrooms, and the floor is uneven, but it's clean.
We'll be ok
likewise!
Come visit us in winston!
What2ChainzWouldSay Breakfast time...pancakes...pass da juice...concentrate....food gone..
cleaned da plate..
I missed da bus..
SUPPA LATE
lovely day for shooting ...
but i'm not.
DungeonVillage meets expectations!
Loved GamDevStory and GrandPrixStory.
It's only on andoctorid evidently.
For example  there's a push button program that creates squeeze pages.
Great.
But if you don't have any traffic, you're screwed!...
Go hard on his new mixtape!
been going to sleep at 9 lately.
without swimming, I really have nothing better to do.
so might as well sleep for 10 hours?
The blue tampons are waay less girlie than the pink ones
I survived cruisenight ...heading out on a story
Oh i have no idea.
I dont think anybody knows.
actually we close tomorrow until next year
Ah Kelly clarkson
That will go nicely with his movie poster coll.
I'll be in Tuesday Very thoughtful and THX!!
well they finally let me go but now I'm so tired.
/:
hell yea bro
Don't settle for nothing more than someone you can live with.
Settle for nothing less than someone you can't live without.
I love you 5
dayyumm its early but looks like a nice hot humid day.
off to chicago for some working action.
thank you :
One of my nails just popped off.
TF?!
Smh
how pops manages to push that core to the top every yr is beyond me.
Can they sustain till POs though is the question.
which convention center are you visiting?
I can let you know the distance from the hotel.
Visit to LJ by Johannesburg's lib director gave more insight into just how international library problems, and solutions, can be.
that is a bomb ass clock!
I aint gonna lie HUNGER GAMES was a good movie and it made my chick cry cuz the little that died remind her of our daughter lol
going to the phillies game.
let's get this money
Man dis bartender at pp west maan she is fine as hell she bad wit no make up on
I'll leave you alone as soon as I talk to your lawyer.
Quit acting like a female, work shit out like a real man.
thanks and yeah i do, it says your offline
Still on gears marathon!
That one hurts.
Caps let it slip away.
Hope everyone had an awesome holiday weekend!
We sure did!
Book your party today!
DM us to inquire about Party packages!!
Congrats on Spiderman musical
I would like be non stop texting him
Life is pleasant.
Death is peaceful.
It's the transition that's troublesome.
Isaac Asimov
Technically it would be Der Nihilist but the character rejects gender classification, thus becoming Das.
Great idea by Emil.
Recovery International Tool of the Day: There are no uncontrollable impulses, only impulses that are not controlled.
PeopleIWantToMeet all of UKiss 
austin  ally is what the shows called xD
The only stupid question is the question you don't ask.
Unknown
The road to success is always under construction...
s beard is Razorwire, soaked in Charlie sheens Tigers Blood and held together by the souls of all those who voted for him.
my theory is to put those doctoroling dunce GOPers into that hash together we could make quite a collection !
How to Lose or Gain Weight Blood Sugar Tips Psychetruth Weight Loss amp Nutrition Information  nutrition facts
where you at whore
lemme know, I've got a lot of stuff to sell, too.
Wait, when did people stop saying fly???
if by stoopid you mean hott.
Then yes, yes I am.
Happy St.
Patty's Day to all!
Be safe, have fun, and stay Gold!
Ready for the weekend and it's only tuesday!
get rich like im suppose 2 be
they won thursday...
Surprised this needed saying.
Specific instance?
Finally those papers came in!!!
Azontos down TL Lol!!!
i want a guy that can make me smile when i want to cry my ray of sunshine to the storm
Refined Porsche Boxter E  for electric, makes its debut.
Too bad it is half the speed of a Tesla 060 in 10 seconds is okay
Pre THATCampPenn kibitzing with the unsinkable .
Getting a hair cut: haha gonna look fresh ;D
thanks you too!!
I wanna know how might they call us?
Council hearing has begun.
Mayor Adams challenges us 2 find another city w/12 measures of success.
shew times 2!!!
I love you :
hey you  shout out to bigdata and museums from Douglas Hegley at aam2012.
You're so ahead of the game Suse :
Brooklyn Book Festival happening again this upcoming Sunday..
I hate own all acne treatment stuff takes like 45 mins to put all on your face.
They lied when they say 3 fast, easy steps!
Be the boat...stay in the boat....
I miss u an my brutha n law
so nasty!
Like it would be totally different if they were mildly attractive
Secret IP treaties, evil legislation, copyright terms stretching off beyond the horizon.
2010 is the end of the app.
I wonder what you think of that,
People come into your life for a reason,season,or a lifetime.When you know which one it is,you will know what to do for that person.
RT : 50Shades is going around like that videotape in The Ring.
I hooked up my phone to the speakers in the car so I'm blasting Y100!!
Omg SAYSOMETHIN IM SO PUMPED
Big fan.
You guys need to bring the show to Louisville for the Derby.
It would be fucking epic.
I'm on our team training call right now.
Who wants to join me and learn more about the Forever Living business?
yes I love mlm
that's why I like to tie my kids down when I go gansta on their asses.
Damn I just about ran outta Jean Paul Gaultier
You should see Bronson.
He is simply brutal in that movie.
BMS makes everything better.
Some things just ruin your night, but , , makes everything better.
the latter
The Silk Tie likes Chris!
I hate when I need to sleep but im not tired...happens way to much to me.
Jessica did better on this song
Preparing for Taoist Herbal beauty  skin workshop!
www.ShamanShack.org
I need a vaca.
Or Coachella to just hurry up.
girl you know how some bittys are ....
Please ;
ugh..that doesn't sound happy..sorry,everything cool now??
can't Text my phone is off.
why it wen ur in a relationship all u see is happy singles and wen ur single all u see is happy relationships
WTF.
Latex man is Tate?!
Possibly going to see Disturbed in February.
I hope my dad lets me.
It will make me the happiest person alive.
Gunna have to keep grades up.
sometimesiGetSickOf being lonely at night...
I wish you could cuddle up with me
You are amazing.
is regretting his words.
That would be nice, but they're probably done after Sunday.
Hope for 2013!
:
not exactly behind though lol further up.,,
: I'm hustlin for 5 status ; hahaha if u were the 1st to do it i wouldnt be shocked :
man twins and triplets run in mines smh
True Devotion?
BTW, it's two days later and I still don't get this most recent episode of Lost.
Friday should work!!
yea yea i do.
See, their evil plot is working.
Instead of talking about foreign aid, Katimavik, and the environment, it's: pennies.
Everybody loves a good deal
Bynum said get off my back high yellow bum nigga
I am sure they ate whatever they found right?
on your way down south for the chili cook off!
Two landscapes by Keith Jacobshagen will be in the Big Reveal Sept.
23 at the Kemper Museum  an exhibit of new acquisitions.
I have no idea sweetie
Hi Al, thanks for following me look forward to getting to know you how old are your twins, boys, girls, both?
Laughin so hard my tounge is out an shit
I hope so whorebag
it's looking pretty unlikely.
CNN says Newt is expanding.
They're making it too easy.
If you want trouble, I want the same thing!!!
that's ok.
I'm gonna make you an offer you can't refuse.
My doctornk.
Pumped to announce to everyone that I accepted the GM position at First order of business is the return of the Stoli Doli!!!
Welcome back Pavel!
Congrats on goal 13, unlucky for them, lucky for us!
website under construction until monday for new fall look and lineup SEE MY INK REIGN KING
Today's a day I wish Sammy could text.
bored outta my mind on the bus coming home
My goodness!
Pot pie for lunch and dinner today!
Tried some.
So good!
you gotta try it.
Come to the Echo, pick the winners, win free pizza  beer!
so happy for you and Steve!!
Starting D302, Innovative Integrations in higher Ed with
YES!
NCAA Prez Mark Emmert basically said NCAAM BB is a joke as far as one and dones.
glad he's not an idiot about the fact that its a joke
What if people who like The Happening are like Highlander?
omg!
Yes
Doc's jealous.
Search the NYTimes and let the bullshit artist know what you find.
how big is that's screen?
bench more effective today
Wonderful to meet you last night.
Don't ever be shy of TV appearances again.
You looked great!
Your mom did doctorgs while she was pregnant with you.
Sometimes we're wrong.
You're so scared of being wrong, you might miss out on something completely right Thank you
Listening to some Matt Uelmen in the final minutes...
Bazaar Royale rocked at Arlene's GroceryGod gave me Rock N Roll Hip Hop and Soul u have to hear the song, tight!!!
the school gym has a waterslide.
my left contact hates me :
Get biz license fastest by going in person.
Can get it same day!
Really craving right now.
Sadly I am in Hershey, PA today.
Day 88 of 100: I am thankful for a great role I got to play.
I love her!
: when are you going home, bb?
BandsILove The Strokes!
love you!
Watch the master work it, I am the Yoda of networking.
just worked 8am 4:30 pm with a hangover....
i think im pretty much invincible to anything now
She put on dat webbie doe
This, then, is a great campaign.
MT Zilch for overhead, Peter...Free the Beast will all be spent directly on the art and artists
50 Fresh Dues finally boxed
Went to a good EdSector event on the topic last month.
ConnectEDU was heralded as an effort to realign incentives.
Personality is what counts.
Many are visiting in Charlotte.
Maybe revise keywords.
Goodnight and :
ff the cohost of and sports guru
Game day!
takes on the LA Galaxy today at LSP at 3 p.m.!
yeah i know.
I knew he would wet the bed in the WS last year.
He just isn't as great as he thinks he is.
I don't hate it.
RT : We're also hearing Ducks will target TCU's Gary Patterson.
Awesome!
Someone has a fan!
what did u think of adele performance?
Margarita's  yahtzee  family time.
I love my grammy !
If it doesn't feel right fuk it!
I'm cleaning it out today!!!!
Upgrade for my car?
There's always room for improvement
Eat the heart, gain the strength!
RT : Too often we forget the ingredient of heart in cooking, today's a good day to remember
That's great to hear!
I mainly focus on north Seattle  Wallingford and up, but I work all over Greater Seattle.
I want that hat
Chee, good attitude.
You're right, the challenges are great!
I will.
Fina go get it now.
Hi Mikey!!!
Kentucky by 6.
Ohio state by 4 in OT.
cheers to the freakin weekend!
go out and reedem those 1 bartab doctornks to make the weekend even more fun!
oof.
Timing is everything.
At wooddale graduation
Who wants to see my performance of Rocket Ride?
New Video Being Posted to Youtube Shortly!
Do you know where one might get an Anne votive candle?
Muslim athletes, just realized 2 of the greatest bball players were Muslim.
Oh , That's where Joe Dirt got the Buffalo Bill crap from..
Lol
Going to get some Ice Cream w/ My Son..
take lots of notes, ill have loys of questions
Lol Hahaha That would be Awesome but yea ironic : ...., We were planning on going to Disney Land again ..,
do you have household fire extinguishers?
That moment when the power goes out and your heart skips a beat..
oh , yes I miss you Sydney.
:
it was yummy!!
haha went by fast ahah now your gonna be a senior soon
aww, you look so cute in the pictures on FB!
It's so warm here in Florida.
It's quite shocking after a week in NYC.
There's almost a 50 difference!
That's where I would have been in the 60s
Should just trade hitting coaches with them.
Couldn't be any worse.
haha I'm just awesome like that ;
WIDSIX Offers Quality Video Production Services and Digital Branding for professorssional Athletes An excellent online presence is essential fo
Yes : Tish and Snooky's Manic Panic?
Lady gaga with no makeup on cover of magazine.
Unexpected, but props to her!
Cool...
ya, I'd rather be on a set than doing anything else.
You've got Worldwide lovers, 
you need a there!
getting ready for work...
come on bubba take it from him
Follow Me?
3333333333
If everyone took their money out of big banks, Chase, etc.and put it into a credit union or small local bank they'd soon occupy Wall Street.
I'm havin' fun watchin' your bad experience finally roll out c:
omg that sounds amazing!
Thanks for the RT.
We appreciate it!
Lesson fa the day.....not everyone is meant to be where u are so.stop tryna carry everybody on ya back.
Its ok to live ya own life!
Got my tickets for the show at in January.
Looking forward to it!
Oh yeah...
Y my girl Chocolate on Fox 10 News doe lmao.
This shud b good :
Nice half Bucks, I'll take that.
enjoyed the presentation on mobile doctorpal.
doctorpalmake.me isn't bad either.
Yoga helps each yogi build a container resilient enough to hold all the joy and suffering life brings...one mindful moment at a time.
I already did!
Along with doctoradnaught and Founders Double Trouble on tap.
Listening to SO HEAVY.
Teaching SC: posttest  student selfevals indicated that primary source work was engaging
A Beautiful Mind
I am a very PROUD Aunt of a Marine!
Happy Birthday to the USMC!!
Can't blame a young lady for picking somebody who knows how to live off the land
glad it went well!
congrats!
How did your listening party turn out?
my shit got the crazy delay cause i still don't see it
So ready to start work!
I know it's a ballsy call but I think they got this one
Anyone care to make the Moon Maan, Spinners connection?
if those rumors turn out to be true, i wouldn't let anywhere near my dog.
it's been happening for far too long.
Forget about wanting to go all the way I really just wanna
the first coaching mistake ive seen in SEC play.
Tell Dykes, WE WANT TO RUN.
They are fat.
I can't take his dumb ass.
I once saw George Singleton give a reading totally soused.
Worked well w/ his stories
doctor Camerlengo, Gena not her dad, just disagnosed me with something and was correct.
I'm really impressed.
I believe all concerns re: acceptable displays of underboob and top butt are governed by the Chocolate  Cheese standard.
My throat is raw.
Can't stop sneezing :
Fall in L3VE with Brody Jenner 2morrow  Bull and Bear!
He'll be there from 911, what a perfect way to kick of Valentine's Day!
one hour to go,, been busy over here ER BUSINESS and business is good
You present a valid point!
Hahaha...
Especially if you're Ron Weasley :
Yeah party yeah
can we make I sooner ?
; lol
Shouldn't be banned, but strangers perusing such photos out of context does seem an odd behavior.
Guardian poll?
March of the living apply now on line!
Having my first ever Rockstar Bagel at Cenote coffee and I totally get it now.
Now that was pretty funny.
I'd like that.
I have a cat a dog a blanket and some scotch..
Yes ma'am
Head over to the Halfcut shop and pick up some 15 tees.
Use hcc10 go an additional 10 off!!
Help make room for the new line
do a hard reset on the wifi router first.
Then, hard reset iPad.
I just saw a guy walk by my client's office wearing a cape.
A short cape.
It's been a minute since I've been to the movies with a girl
I do I do, but I think I'll look a bit crazy if I do that by myself
i would love a shopping spree, i mostly just have unifoms lol i need clothes for college X
Come listen to the Beatles with me
Welcome to a club of losers
Saturday marks the third regularseason meeting between the Galaxy and the Timbers, with the series tied at 110.
Listening to up all night album of one direction, listening to I Want Harry's voice in the beginning of I Want......
beautiful
Romey you make me laugh.
I'm switching over to your show.
im so proud of, 8 million views in 1 day ?
thats freaking AMAZING : i love you so much.
ease follow me ?
Fantastic dinner with two great friends.
Filet mignon, potato, salad, hummus, and champagne.
Life is good.
yes that's true!
OMG.
My senioritis has taken a turn for the worst.
Might not make it.
thanks!
Fun night!
DJs did an awesome job of paying homage to Whitney :
How do I set a laser printer to stun?
Great choice!
Lot of power in that session...should provide a vast number of ideas on how to reach racing fans in 2012.
lol nothing at all just being myself
Just discovered s'mores goldfish
How frequently do you check your account balances?
At sfo airport walking behind cop and doctorg dog.
In cops holster belt; glock, bullets, handcuffs and a rubber ball for the dog....priceless
Did u know we beat the Bears 4 times in 2011?
will always be Alex Cash Money :
only hope we have now is a walk off.....
Lol I look like today
It is in the quiet stillness that we can find ourselves.
Too often we are so busy finding ourselves, that we completely miss where we are.
Pls compare and contrast preascension Daniel to post.
In 140 characters of course.
my mom's new favourite song is ''Turn to you''  me too!
Rodney King: 20 Years Later  Can We All Just Get Along?
HELL NO!!
Civil unrest WILL come to pass yet again!
in a min
My dad is addicted to Xbox again.
check out our new website!
www.munchieexpress.moonfruit.com
That light skinned dude on the spurs can hit some threes
I been gettin more money ever since I started caring less
Thanks for the follow, !
One of the big attractions that doctorws people to Phoenix and the surrounding area are the large number of colleges and universities
Once upon a time there existed true classical republicans who understood the common Good upheld by virtue and values...uncorrupted by money
Vibin out in the Gym to dat Meek Mill !!!
Got me wanting to go even harder in here is there even a higher level I can go workethic is KRAY!
An old guy rolls down window and asks why I have PBO sticker on car.
told him he's my man.
Guy says you must have job, alot don't continued
That akward moment when you loose your best friend to a skank...
What are you doing today to make the world a better place?
What a day
I laughed...I cried...I shouted...I was overjoyed.
Great story, loved the pacing...the action was good but not excessive.
The jury is seated.
that sounds dirty on twitter, where important you going?
your welcome
I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU ILY
every twitter app i download sucks smh
Appreciate the mention.
How come guy teachers are more fun?
They also don't get mad and annoyed so easily.
It's so weird...I have NO PROBLEM AT ALL talking to bands when I'm interviewing them...but get me in front of my class and I'm TERRIFIED.
I can't believe we invented a hashtag that the target audience actually uses.
And so far has no spamification.
Thanks everyone for an amazing pitch fest!
That awkward moment in class when you start randomly laughing and everyone looks....
There is something so terribly wrong with me
Fighting the urge to say inappropriate things in front of family.
Will do so today  in short though, great event!
Have you texted your Glove vote today?
Text READS to 86132 to help us win 10,000!!!
Help us to help Indy become 100 literate.
Bosh.
That's easy
you keep missing a p
Happy Holidays everyone!
Thanks for following us.
Stay tuned for a big year of contests and giveaways in 2012!
I just sent out letters to attorneys about a new service for a new revenue stream would you be interested in it?
so bummed i couldn't make it out today!
sniff.
Kate, how does it feel,2 be the most Beautiful Woman on the Planet?,  what you think about Kim Kardashian saying she is not U?
on My Day is Made 3
Nice rip by Lopez!
If he can continue that he will be on this major league club!
If you're building your hot air balloon, probably best to stop dating people with muskets.
Wishing family members could get a better sense of time.
I don't like being rushed!
Well just got back from five oaks and had fun with my grandma seen kattie and brianna and : Haha this dude was bobbing his head:
Thank you!!
From Palm Springs poolside to LA traffic is a harsh, harsh reality.
Yes, always do ur best!
You can hear all the Giants fans in SF  Cruz
Beautiful day in the A!!!
Would love to hear what you thought!
RT Trying Hope it stands up to the hype.
i ant never had a big homie cuz i dont feel like there no one who is as hard as me
thanks for sharing the knowledge!
Thoroughly enjoying my current location but would love to be at the same time.
Still remember attending the inaugural year.
You can get bacterial STIs more than once, so regular testing is very important.
callux is the one who starts the hate trends.
lol you need a life.
Have you ever had an idea for an ice cream flavor that didn't exist?
Big treats in for the tweeter with the best flavor idea!!
The Plectrum Artist Series radio program has wrapped up its 2010 schedule and will begin again in February 2011.
always happens with long awaited new releases.
D:
thanks MBH for
I can't wait for TheNorthRemembers to start!
Thank god for HBO and The Game of Thrones.
I just made Damien stop the radio station because 1D was playing 
Green is like a poor man's Delaney and an homeless Zabe
I can't stand listening to the CBS crew complaining about good uni color
can school just finish already.
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your doctorams.
Some people in poverty have more sex, because it doesn't cost money to have sex.
The other people are focused on money making.
Haters  Money!!
Money  Haters!!
So please..
keep it coming AT A FAST PACE!!!
Holla  ya boi doe mann,  lookout for my new track!
Ughh, school tomorrow.
.
Happy cinco de mayo my party ppl!
I look forward to seeing all of you today.
Its going to be Bananas!
If you're a beginner learning to play your first piece, it can be frustrating.
Advanced search allows you to search by authors affiliation, but that isnt going to be perfect
i'd love to collaborate  thanks!
Early n long day tomorrow
RT : Hey people that sit on planes not reading, listening to or watching anything: you look like serial killers.
don't act like you don't know who I am lol
aka your fat.
Love you.
it's a way to say what you can't say F2F  there's no instant response neededu can take ur time to think b4 u respond
they won ?
yeah i remember asking you and you telling me you liked timbuk2
UW is conducting a Quit Smoking Study focused on mindfulness  relaxation training which has shown significantly higher abstinence rates!
totally with you on this!
Tackling the day with coffee in hand  we got this!
you just lost her, btw
I guess you want me to say Syracuse has the toughest schedule ever...ok...Syracuse has the toughest schedule ever.
Kids who exercise vigorously for 30 minutes a day lower their risk of heart disease.
I'm putting my two weeks in after school is over.
I need a new job!
effing pissed as hell...
sleepin over make house water park tommisterw whole ;D
Jack's score from Friday was 665
Can't wait til we start recording!
Am I the only one bothered by the projected obesity rate in 2030?
It's alarming!
Nothin better than Mcalisters sweet tea 
haha funny someone woke up with jokes !
Aww, thanks !
Here's to you!
Morning.
Won't be on all day.
Cya 
RT : I have a Dude.
It's bad.
YES Mac How have you been
To the people who say that dance isn't a sport...
MY CALVES WILL CRUSH YOU.
Im waiting for them to invent virtuel weights, so you can add yr weight digitaly to yr bar
Just looked up the Camargue Tourism Board website and I think I went blind.
I'm sure the MVP voters consider KG to be too old and dirty for consideration.
Who is your Derby pick ?
Good Morning John
Tweet Tweet
hope we'll have a chance to get together at scms!
i'm here thru sat am.
pretty bad actually.
People are saying a lot of other stuff, but what I told you is the only stuff I know for certain is true
Which President dedicated the San Diego County Administration building in 1938?
MF DoomElzhiOrganized KonfusionJeanGraePhonteCharity Starts at Home
Look forward to seeing Monday.
Her polymelodic vocal and bass interactions are ridiculous.
And, I envy that gorgeous natural.
hey um nicole kendaya is against austin lets fight back
Everyone likes a good story, whats yours?
i know rite im gonna go celebrate im so excited cant wait
you're addicted!
So who purchased or received FLOWERS for MothersDay?
Username  Password with easy optin/optout or selective social media connections.
jrcls situations dealing with unjust laws always involve more than the individual.
law v morality panel
RT : Joe Cabral: 62 of revenue in healthcare is spent on Human Capital!
Call to arms?
How exciting!
I'm sure it will transform your viewer experience.
When will you relaunch?
Tune in to Wsupfl.com..
I'm going to be telling you what celebrities are hooking up and breaking up..
Listen from noon to 3pm!!
Crystal
Happy Birthday!!
Hope u have a great day!
:
If I'm gonna be honest, I think religion is really stupid.
glad we could bring some humor to your afternoon ;
sitting on a seat that's are already warm 
RT : Be a part of the ContagiousBehavior tonight with  !!!
please tell me if it's working the new link I put
I get to be a hair model today for the blog!
Steve Jobs by Walter Isaacson  so inspirational !
Pure passion and perfection  no BS, no compromise  that's the way it should be
39;Simpsons39; creator: The real Springfield is in Oregon
Look!
A circus!
And over there!
Taco Bell is using Doritos for shells!
BrewersTuesdayTrivia Randy Wolf
ok : well we never see each other anymore :P but i guess its just because you are to cool for me :
when are you guys coming to the NO
Congrats!!!
RT : Fuck a Bentley, fuck a Aston Martin, fuck a ghost!
I just bought a house..
I can, on occasion, be mean.
However, this was definitely not one of those times.
Lollygagging is a synonym for dillydallying Uncle Jerry
Jesus/Palin 2012.
is here with us again.
You know you want to join us too.
Have Fun GRANDman !!
I Hope This Gets A RT  3
Suddenly Larry Luchino doesn't seem all that bad?
: Love your mission!
It's about time indeed!
thanks much!!
Let's talk about ways to get you involved!!
What a beautiful church.
When was it built?
can't wait for the weekend.
Temecula wine tasting and the big 1 year anniversary.
Crazy how fast this year has gone by.
if you're cool follow me on instagram: xocarlyn.
can you please follow me before the year is over?
Iloveyou3
One test standing in the way of me packing up my bags and heading to Dallas.
FW and Houston tomorrow then CRUISE TIME!
Cost of phone  data service is significant barrier.
going on hour 15 of the grind, want to sleep but these games are god
Oh how I wish that was me
It's Star Wars Day!
Celebrate by holding your phone at a 20 deg.
angle at eye level and read everything as it scrolls into the distance.
worth repeating wired
Is a kite still a kite if it doesn't have a string?
I feel like it becomes its own person then
Texas' IOLTA funds have doctorpped by 75.
Waiting in terminal B11 at the Cleveland Airport...like a boss.
Stop in Florida and say hi, anytime .
Safe travels.
I heart URIV
3 photo shoots coming up, models please contact us if interested.
Got into a cab and said dirty birds for cocktails!
Forgot i was in Newport beach...
RT : Mayor giving big props at annual meeting!
New engineering school and more are huge assets.
The good guys at have 2.50 Miller Lite Tall Boys to go with your burger today!
I remember that Epi!
Nice article.
Tho my daughter is only 2, I've, more than once mulled over how that convo would go.
Looking forward to seeing Rubio tonight.
He's going to be great player.
This sucks got to wait until tomisterow to watch
Welcome Back Big Man!
hate when niggas talk about u in jail
DearScooterBraun NEEDS TO RELEASE HIS BELIEVE VIDEO!
hell no!!
GO SPURS GO!!
no love?
Fail
Russell Wilson's chick is a babe.
My friend saw u at the aquarium!
and she got you to say hi to the camera, and she said she did it for me,she knows i love u33
Yes I think so, enough is enough, twitter is great for quicks back and foths and FB is FB, what's the point of the rest?
Aravind Joshi is amazing  he truly operates on a higher mental level.
I can see myself buying a freakishly lowpriced sculpture or artifact that ends up filled with doctorgs.
Hello...Turkish prison.
He is never on my flights :
Your so dumb Haha
Performance and life tip: Small things are big things when they are done consistently.
I really like my girlfriend.
Just saying.
yay.
In my calendar on Wed as Hump Renz
haha!
I hope you still ate it!
Poptarts are a treat not to get wasted.
:
filling out my ballot now...
no ya fool, u really think I'd be serious??
Haha
Foster the people got a weird stoned out look
thanks for the support bro, keep it up :
The vagina is like a roller coaster: Great to visit, fun to ride, but at the end of the day, you don't want to take care of it.
People with Scensy thingys: If I smell cinnamon rolls, I expect them nearby.
It's not fair, what you're doing.
someone got mentioned on tv!
Hows it going everybody?
True colors always come through.
wow.
My parents piss me off..
I can't bring myself to do anything school related
My brothers birthday today.is another great day in his memory...HAPPY BIRTHDAY MARVIN!!!
Good morning!
yeah, theres another video.
I need to retire.
THIS BULL!!!
Baby I need you.
but what if i win tonight
Thank you.
It's wonderful to return.
Romania was remarkable.
Ploop: word of the day.
Huge piece of chocolate strawberry birthday cake...awesome but I can't finish it...any more and I'm ralphing!
Recent studies correlating SPECIFIC human behaviors with genetic  neurochemical attributes  inspiring  SCARY
But I don't want him for 2B.
I want him to upgrade SS.
How about an essay on kitty cats not having leaves?
Brilliant  Pearson brainstorming session.
Its funny as I sit here.
I am nervous about contacting these people to ask them about help.
Wonder why that is.Maybe fear of rejection.PUSH
come meet Greg Toler of your AZ Cardinals tonight at Catch 22 watch the game.
We'll be raffling cards vs raiders tickets
And more, but yeaah.
He didn't even get in trouble.
Stupid ass school Oo
Meant to say if you have question....
not if you have info.
WE have info but I am sure you do too.
sorry about that tweet
Nice to see two of Eisenhower's guards complaining about working hard during open gym...
Man.
Gospel and margs are where it's at.
We hope everyone is having a great Labor Day weekend!
where you workin girl?
Good luck charlie is so funny :
I was so happy the other day when she was online.
I feel like I missed my chance to thank her for the love  occasional butt kick
I changed my professorle description.
That shit's hard to do!
But necessary.
I can feel myself trying to hard to be funny/honest/cool.
sorry bout yesterday my phone is all fked up it still is
Our pleasure.
Thanks, Julie!
P.S.
I just added you to my MT Twitter list.
Still a work in progress!
cc:
Odd Thomas is the best character
My mom needs to smoke a blunt or something and chill out , shutuuuup you are a doctorma queen!
Hitting the next store
PPC is an important part of any search strategy.
Can't wait for MLB 2K12!
Hmm, maybe I stayed a little too late at tonight.
Just got home!
haha Getting ready for WMHS graduation now :
Rest in peace granny fanny.
99 years is a great long life.
You will be missed.
Love ya.
I'm taking a HUGE step and applying for another job.
Wake n bake
I believe I make a great candidate for being a tester due to my experience of my years of gaming
KnockKnock jokes with , , , Brian, Dan and mister B on the front of the bus
T minus one hour till M  Friday falls off the face of the earth
Made some major decisions, planning appropriately, then executing said plans.
true but if I make it CLEAR I'm not interested?
I mean when you're bored
Mastering a new single for the multitalented Joey Stuckey right now.
Just finished a cool single for Vicinal called Alone.
Go you!
This bitch complains so much, please shut the fuck up.
Sweet seeing him for NYE so will put in a word.
So which is home and which is work Sydney and Goldcoast ?
you should.
We'r VIP'ing u  one :
Man you are close.
Make sure you take it easy and congrats an many blessings on your bundle of joy.
I'll hit y'all when I come down to N ...
Big wins for the company bball team tonight...great to play for a winner
Arrived at the great Choctaw Nation casino.
Ready for poker.
Playing at El Cid on October 10th 8pm!
That place is awesome and it's all only 5.
I'm always there for everyone else.
when is someone gunna be there for me?
totally would but alas, I am in Virginia
Not necessarily.
There are no sparkles in Harry Potter or Hunger Games.
Exactly.
Any place where the humidity isn't horrible during the summer is FINE with me.
hell yeah
Awesome demos!
Hey Eli, dont be giving me heartaches unnecessarily.
But great job taking the GIANTS home.
WHOOOWEEEE
LMSunSIG endicott playing catchup with accessibility, having faculty create script first then transcribe
Yes, totally lame.
Also don't like how you can't use more than 1 acct at a time.
Even the mobile app allows that.
I was going to write something about procrastination today, but I'll do that tomorrow instead.
Great Work Provocations via
BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I used to wear a Starters cap
It is when 6 board members resign
: See you tonight new york  no
what would infuriate you?
Proud supporter of  Can't wait for the season to start!
Twitter Facebook Twitter
tried yet?
Will blow your mind.
JanoskiansSubscribeToMazziMaz you really deserve them to follow you!
GameAudio101 thanks for following me on Twitter!
Exchange student taking his doctorvers test in my car...
I just saw when I was taking my lil sis something to rio!
:D
Chappaqua and Mt Kisco still recovering from Irene.
Certainly hope that katia isn't next!
Maybe I should have saved that doctor ice!
Oh no...
Hopefully the FAA doesn't follow you on Twitter.
Dittoit's just too damn nice out!
RT The resistance is winning today.
give me a swift kick back to writing desk?
Yeah, that was beyond gross, Greg.
You should know better.
where'smomoftheyearwhenyouneedher?
Love ya ,but I think Tracy just told a bad joke.
Somewhere Michael Richards is probably smiling.
I need 2 pick up my 15 yr old niece on Sat.
She's flying alone but not as an unaccompanied minor.
What's the best way 2 pick her up?
ooh hon i have done this many times
Crack is Wack kids.
You ever clean your floors and wonder how the hell pubes could end up all over the place?
Do I sleep strip?
Can't figure it out.
That's the plan.
RT : at on ESPN3 tonight.
Can the road teams keep winning this weekend?
How does Monday midlate afternoon look?
Any slots after 3?
I'll be on the Northside at appointments until then.
PWEAZE COOL COME ON BEFORE I HARRAS U
Probably not.
Ignorance is bliss.
Im creating a website EVERYONE LOOK FOWARD TO IT!!
Nate McMilian, Phil Jackson, Jeff Van Gundy
Yuck to the dykes that try to do the homeboy look  spit like one and to the coworker that carries her junk in a Hefty bag
She's got broken things where her heart should be.
21 I bet I change but for now miss me with the I need a man cuz he is not I and I am not him
Let's work together to make San Antonio a Live Music Community to be reckoned with.
Why not?
uhh that's not good :
Getting ready to board my flight to tomorrow land.
It still surprises me that LAS is now home.
:o get some food!!
Love the song!!!!!
Great job fam!!!
I had a doctoram that I met last night.
It felt so real.
:
Tonight's homework: Flatbush Zombies
any time during the day friend?
late afternoon is just not working for me
All Andover consists of is dumb bitches and inherently repellent personalities.
Thx for all the great exposure at yesterday's ACGPHL breakfast meeting!
B dubs at ten at night HelloGoodLife :
I intend to win it.
screw Christina...you owned that song.
Nice work brother
Clean up on lane 1!
Seeking a webdeveloper to assist with our website.
Please send us an email at
Tuesdays are kind of like turning 20 it's a new day but it's just kind of in the way.
To develop your intellect, question everything.
A beautifulsounding cccc12 panel on rhetoric and choral arts is at the same time as a music panel with Rice, Rice, Sirc, and Rickert.
Sad.
i love your smile 3 you are truly flawless:
I don't play the cello or the guitar.
It's called a bass.
WERE AT 200 FOLLOWERS!
THANK YOU!
:D.
It sucks when you like someone but you know nothings ever going to happen between you two.

love it
are you sure?
I can't tell!!
proceeds from todays event to benefit jefferson area CHIP
EVERYTHING IS SO GREEN!
AND IT'S RAINING!
Thank you for the beautiful walk last Saturday morning in San Francisco!
I'm looking forward to connecting again at the Muse.
RT Urgent!
we need you to respond now with a 1time ReTweet for a Trayvon Martin Law!
Please ReTweet Now!
Thanks
Good Morning Tweethearts !
Joe will also be doing a live chat on Friday at 5pm Central on Cambio answering questions and talking to fans.
My NYR is to be mindful that we only have one wild and precious life, and to act accordingly..
Rotate your tires  periodically check them for uneven wear.
Exact alignment saves both gas  tires.
It's Grave Digger!
wow but when i found out Bella  Lorena didnt like eachother...
the FUNNIEST shit
you subbed for me yesterday, it took two of you to handle it.
What do you mean How does it work?
It's 's birthday!
Wish that nigga a happy birthday.
geneva, doctorving down to you starting tomorrow
's dying to try new location.
Haven't yet.
should totally air JUMPOFF Mix!!:
lol ik, I was like who is this person then I clicked on your avi.
haha I feel like a grandpa man
It's not fair how he guessed my surprise :
where are you from in Indiana?
My pleasure!
Well, kinda.
George filed the official papers today with the San Diego County Registrar of Voters to run for Judge, Office 25.
Press release issued!
I need a workout partner.
Time to start lifting weights again.
whats up people???
gotta start getting ready for work.....
don't worry, I quit a while ago 
: Kanye West greatest album?
Graduation.
Hands down.
sitting alone in the office.
rendering art videos for tomorrow eve.
Intense storms are like music to my ears!
lightening best skyshow ever!
i have to start tweeting more, this is tough.
At the ER!
Worst ear infection ever....
Guests 50 searches/day, doctorpped number until 10 when everyone screamed Full access requires contribution.
Bill Clinton visited the set of HANGOVER 2 in Bangkok.
Sources said he filmed a cameo, but he was just there for the massages
Arroyo got lucky there: lets get some hits!
RT : In honor of Ron Artest, I'm gonna change my name to Cure For AIDS then run around injecting people with AIDS.
i thought it was me RT : Yo did I jinx this fool when I tweeted him to come to LA?
Are the Angels really THAT bad????????
Our thoughts and wellwishes to the people of Japan and anyone affected by this terrible disaster.
Stay strong
but..but..MLG only comes once a month :P
Are you OK?
Some speculated you were playing with an injured toe.
It's like in OB, no matter what happens, the second that baby's head crowns everybody starts to panic.
love that song SEX by Ginuwine
cara student Michelle T.
secured a position as a Pharmacy Tech !
45 of 310!!!
That voice you thought you gave me...hmmp
those were the days
Top of the morning 2 everyone!
From today on: Be Your OWN Boss!
Follow  !
Get your business/band/brand noticed!
Just got out of church, now at Dunkin Dunuts
Welcome new followers!
Who in the hell ate the rest of my birthday cake?????
www.youtube.com/Nevedomsky please subscribe :
good deal.
yea the girls nowadays lol
It's Okay Don't Worry!
So where u all at
Just tried to iron my shirt.
With a hair straightener.
While i was still wearing it.
Love the new professorle pic!
Got any other pics from that shoot to share?
welp...
looks like symbiosis is a go!
Thanks man, thats awesome!
You're the first person across the pond getting some Turmoil, pick out any shirt from our store!
PS: have you noticed that since you started working 24/7 and stopped having fun you've been nothing but sick?!
Wow I seriously slept till 3 today.
Anybody that knows me, knows that's a rare thing.
Guess that's proof this wknd was Awesome!
He's hot and totally not awkward......
But I love him!!
Haha
Everything my campaign raises / spends will be in my FEC report.
I have no affiliation with the other PAC's.
I was named after Nia Long .
OMFG THATS GOOD I WANT THAT!
I'm totally fangirling ;o
Although they cut their output forecast, the Fed still expects a noticeable GDP improvement in 2011 from 2010.
I am confused, PaintCode seems to be a great app but, a lot of criticism about the demo version on Twitter yesterday.
I just added Bittersweet to my library order for two high school libraries.
Can't wait to read it!
Welcome to Twitter!
Thank you for the RT, Mike :
: here's to the kids who always wait until their phone has 1 of battery to charge it.
or if the rain chills out.
If not, kegerator.
RT what are you guys up to tonight?
Give it up for doctornken hot girls!
Am I right?
3 3 3 happynationalbestfriendday to you!
Don't know what i would do without you!
I've been released from the hospital after a wreck today with just a few staples on my head.
Grateful to be alive!
I swear it wasn't on there.
I must be losing it.
Lol.
Score on Saturday.
Got it!
I'm enjoying the beautiful scene as I sip my tea.beautiful feeling
party.
Freaking at how good this guy is.
stage on sixth has the best sound of every venue in Austin.
Where will the headquarters of the DPLA be?
Not Cambridge, not D.C.
How much does the location matter?
MD House Maj leader says families earning 250k taxes will go up 6.50 a week for excellent schools, reasonable tuition  police protection
i can't believe i am going to school tomorrow and its going to be 87 degrees out!
ya wanna putcha name on it
Just had an awesome dinner with at cheesecakefactory !
HappyEaster !
Too bad people don't like me...
Hey!
Plz follow !
Trying to get enough followers to be the best USA site for doctorw and Brandon.
Thank you!
Well.
Yes.
Absolutely.
RT : Make everything count today because today is your day that everything go's right.
aw babygirl I 3 you wit da whole 1, I can't wait till I can hang wit yuh again
: going to check out site and seeing sumthin cute...
then realizing its sold out  lol aw man.
If you're just gonna be an asshole when I'm tryna be cute with you like we used to be, fuck it, imma leave.
SO...
EXCITED to see you!
:
Say Yay, Say Yay ,dont we do this every Day Day?!
Miss Miracle 2011 Pageant is on June 12th!
The entry fee is 65 for the pageant or 100 ALL proceeds do to CMNH!
Thanks!
Does your blog and tweet book come in iBooks format?
Good ol' fashioned manual labor Does a body good!
RT   DESTINYDIXON LOL hi mama!!
I love you n miss you!
Let's skype 2morrow k?
Can't wait to see mine!!
RT : Working on custom badges today...Who else wants one?
Nice comeback by the Celtics...now close this one out!
My first twit, how does this all work?
Sold out.
Thanks for a great week SF!
Follow me on Instagram
New in Nightlife: just announced they will host the official Flo Rida concert after party on Friday, May 11.
Oh God, what a picture.
:
After the pledge of allegiance this morning in my 1st period, me and everyone said Amen lol!!
D
Rob wrote tonight's SIMPSONS episodeso if you get sick of the Grammys, watch it!
I might do that.
TA hands out participation points cuz mosta these kids refuse to study for 10 secs.
Then they cry bout it.
ahaha yeah but I kinda don't want it to end cuz I have to much fun :/
be happy you ran...
I was conservative w/ my time at registration; next year I will give myself more credit  move up a corral.
good to see going strong!
You guys are wimps.
I sometimes bike in floor length skirts.
I've been awake for an hour.
That's about 2 hours of sleep.
Ugh!
Insomnia.
Why.
taking a walk, the California sunshine helps me clear my head!
JUST FOLLOW ME ALREADY PLEASE
: Wtf why do I have cramps!!
Um...time of the month?.
Lol
No sleep again.
sigh oh well.
was thinking that earlier!
A 1/999 is not a 1/1 ...listings should be pulled
Rush Limbaugh apologized to student Sandoctor Fluke cuz it would hurt his pocket.
I doubt if advertisers didn't pull out.
He always
Miss.
Congeniality!
aka !!
Congrats and great job girl!!!
:D
:  had to bring the booty shake to New York...
I'm respected now!!!
Putting in work
Quote by In These Times describing political wins of Corporate Ag: the politics of the food system are spoiled rotten
Yoko Knowing you still live in the city How do you feel leaving the hotel every day knowing what happend there My heart goes out to you
Nothing like a audition w/ required dance moves in the morning :
Thank you to all my new followers for being true
congratulations!
Hope the result is tasty.
What style did you go for?
You must be very persuasive.
Nicely done.
Running along the streets of San Francisco this morning  new sites
yeap..out of the ordinary i guess
All I wanted was a decaf soy latte this morning...grrrrrr.
No I really have some good friends, I was just being facetious...
lol your concern tells me u are a great friend tho lol
Plumbing, electrical, sheet rock, tile, concrete, etc.
We have it all on trade through the barter exchange!
So Amy Winehouse's dad said she died of a seizure from alcohol detox...hm not sure about this one.
Will be covering Victoria Tea Party today at Ted Reed Park.
Stay tuned for more.
I have one qotsa ticket for tonight available.
Thanks for the RT
Rode the Harley to and from work tonight!
Smashin some chocolate covered marshmallows
You're only limited by your own imagination!
And money.
And talent.
And genetics.
And time.
And other people.
Go for it!
I know, my mom tuned to the channel that's why I started to recall all those lost memories 
yep, that seriously made me smile!
A stepping stone on the 21st century path.
TMinus 24 Hours till Vacation.
1.
Crater Lake, 2.
Sacrament 3.
Santa Rosa 4.
San Francisco 5.
St.
Helena/Napa  101 back up.
Omg, so am I.
And it is indeed a much needed respite from the world.
I'm here to talk to you about The Avengers Initiative.
Soo glad my supervisor has my back.
her twin brother.
omg!
too funny!
i think we need a spoof of portlandia spoofing portland!
Happy I cant believe Nate's put up with you for three years da...I mean, Happy anniversary!
:p
Nothing says merry christmas like wonton and dumplings
24hour news cycle sensationalism  Joe Paterno taking more heat than a child rapist.
Literally.
Haha lucky me, got a RT from Ms.
what up my dude
what are you doing?
LOL
Boyz II Men On A Mission
ha bird i just did the same thing, i felt kinda silly.
yes.
I should be at Rebecca's no later than 6 that should give us plenty of time.
The reason CoD is dieing/has that chance is cause of the guarantee a new one will come ever year.No ambition to keep it alive
my daughter was  your bookbag give away thanks for the gifts she's been beggin 2 see a picture she took with u
Thanks Emily!
Spelling is for amateurs.
Gay jokes are for Republicans.
and Buzz Lite is for champions.
It's a sin to stick it in and a shame to take it out.
Hall discussing who the PM would be was hilarious whmmml....
growl
About to watch the game.
Got with me.
We can do this!
What's with Steve Nash licking his fingers every time the clock stops?
did you have a similar experience?
I can look up my old notes and get you in touch.
send me your info:
Day doctornking.
Hobby?
Yep.
yes.
Adult version.
I lost a lot of followers :/
I'm in the Wilbur theater waiting for  they're playing Rockstar!!!!
I Demand RESPECT !!!
I don't care who the Fuck it is and I won't settle for LESS !
thanks for the rt jordan!
Thanks for stopping by!
Looking forward to seeing you again!
: Man happy birthday to my big headed sis I love youlol love u too little head
time for you to follow
Happy Groundhog Day!
LIKE this post if you're hoping for a shorter winter.
please follow me back!
Wasn't that a neat story?
Im not tired.
Time doesnt phase me.
This is when i needSomebody to stay up as long as mee.
Pretty Little Liars is on tonight!!!!
3
wishful thinking  go Heat!!!
In a really good mood today .:
Did anyone in Vegas attend Staind's show at Sunset Station?
I'm trying to remember the name of their encore song....
Just half an hour before we open!
Come by and see us today from 11am to 6pm!
Yay!
Sherry wins!!!
Ooh, and John...a very close runner up!
Welcome both of you!!!
OK, here it comes...
doctorving on Long Island listening to the Violent Femmes is making me awfully nostalgic.
Somebody come feed me tho
If that follow button is white!
Click it to x what color it will be .
Those who have read GoT: how is HBO handling?
Are they rushing through it?
Or is season 1 book 1?
Just saw the moped gang of about 150 fratters ripping the streets of Fayetteville AR.
Looked like a bunch of killers to me.
Happy birthday to my little sister love love love you to pieces!
Look out for 12 Round Management soon
Boyfriend video today!
There are too many things to be stressed out about.
NBC pilot starring Phylicia Rashad shooting in town An NBC pilot called Do No Harm shot along Summit Street in Chestnut Hill today.
The
I don't listen 2 4 the lyrics ...
I listen strictly 4 the beats!!!
Lovely to meet you!
And thx to for connecting us.
Makes me remember why I 3 Twitter :
Just did yoga in the pool.
Combine 2 of my faveswater and yoga always make me feel GR8, positively changes my energy.
thanks for the bday wish
Ugh.
I'm really getting sick of all the politicalness on facebook and twitter.
Time to start hiding and in following.
Phone is about to die, Gnite y'all
Thanks for the order!
RT : looking forward to the 3 tees I just ordered, including the SuperBowl XLVI tee!
Hey !
How is that little baby of yours?
Congrats on your graduation Kelley!
President Fry is introducing Judith Rodin as his mentor
omg my phone screen just broke GREEAT.
I don't get PBS?
WTF?!?
I'm gonna punch my TV in the balls.
I need Sherlock.
Cureton: 1 if we don't work on it, it will die.
2 then let's kill it now so we're done and we can move on.
I love it!
Sign me up.
RT : would you join a sharpieamonth club?
This should be VERY interesting.
Keep in touch Adam.
Medea races away into the heavens on a chariot in Euripides's play....
Thank you for following.
: so sad you are completely booked on the 15th!
Now where do we stay?
I'm so sad : Please advise
I've got Cyrus Virus!
RT if you have it too.
they have a nandos in DC...
Wanna go before your gig on Friday?
:
Chivalry: A male invention to make themselves look like nice guys while checking out your ass as you walk through the door 1st.
Jay Giesen from Brunner discussing the Digital Revolution.
Doing Baal runs for my bros Diablo 2 account.
It makes me feel 13 again.
well think of something or someone else.
Sounds heavenly.
Are strawberries in yet?
watching Jayne Eyre and eating grapes
no.
my mom is getting sumfin for my grandma.
im trying to get my mom to get a pool
There's something about the holidays that being out the best in people.
If only people could behave this way year round.
dinner and a movie with mom.
on valentine's day.
just like last year.
because i'm 31 and single and AWESOME.
Oh I see!!
I like reading your tweets!
Gotta love a girl who loves baseball!!!
Google Art: Not only can we view the painting in detail, but we can also examine to condition of the painting as well
See you there :
Awee who is it?!
:' 3 RT : Dear , someone loves you 
Heard through the grapevine that the building where the Comet is, is up for sale.
THAT would be the spot for an Ace/Doug Fir.
We will be open this Labor Day!
Brunch from 10 am3pm  our Market will b open from 8am3pm.
Join us!!!
Get it girl!
ikr..yep i saw ya lookin like a video vixen lol..the video was great doe!!
rt forever!
Lol did u watch the video
thanks for the follow.
We love your playing and the new album!
It's been too long, getting the itch.
anyone got any suggestions where we can do another UpLate taping?
Help us get to more fans too!
ohh coo .
i want cereal .
Twitter newbie here
Happy Cinco de Mayo, folks!
30 more minutes and I'm hitting the hay for the night!
People who don't answer texts or tweets but when they need something, you can't breathe before they reply to you 
Why coyotes?
What do you do with them?
Loved the Indy cars with all the NFL teams.
Just had the most awkward moment with my mom right now omfg ..
If I look too serious, that's because I'm working on physics engines.
Seriously!
Don't propagate this shit.
Obviously the man is dying.
Let him have his peace.
I like the idea of Brandon Lloyd reuniting with Josh McDaniels.
Maybe Eddie Royal will come too.
Definitely need long threat!
The Craft Brewers Conference is getting under way in San Diego today.
CBC12 for tons of interesting news bits.
After a visit to the beach, it's hard to believe that we live in a material worldPam Shaw
but if we inv him, we can cut off his tail and fry it
LOL.
He is just a piece of work.
i got the moves like jagger
PEOPLE IN DA PLACE, IF YOU WANNA GET DOWN, PUT YAH HANDS IN DEE AIR.
In TexASS, we always bring it!
Worst birthday weekend ever...
I don't mean to jinx you...but 'tis the season ...
Each time you eat, you create an environment for oral bacteria to develop
i know omg i didn't have the chance to go to one of the shows
Why are you an actor?
Do you know?
Exactly?
In 10 words?
Figure it out.
Be a happier person this week: visit a neighbor, do something good anonymously, and write  post 3 personal goals.
Screenwriters are people too.
Aww man, someone in the office doctornk my orange juice!
Had my name on it and everything.
What a disappointing start to the day
Fired up a web server  mongrel  and now installing a scaffold for Posts.
Yay!
Also...
Have you been tanning yet today?
Lol
nah, I have to work tomorrow.
Happy Hunger Games Week: and may the odds be ever in your favor/3
Yeah I'm not leaving Dallas at all.
: Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.
Lao Tzu
indeed it is
One man's junk is another man's junk.
GET RID OF IT!
Schedule us today.
President says Ryan Budget makes the Contract with America look like the New Deal
i love you!
follow me please?
: 
Hanuman by Rodoctorgo y Gabriela is like fireworks in my brain.
ugh could my day be any worse?
Food and Sustainability Farm to Table featuring leaders in food sustainability ...
Stamped Concrete Patios Atlanta's Best www.ConcreteGeorgia.com 7703805277 Serving All Of North Ga 8.50 a sf SPECIAL
Are one if your partners available to complete the work you haven't been able to finish in over 5 months?
U felt that shit out of my house lmao
so today I: 1 read To Kill A Mockingbird for 8 hours  2 ...
that's it....
what an exciting day 
Looked at all my financial aid and loans for college and realized that I don't want to grow up.
I've personally watched 's 'I Believe I Can Fly' 14 times today...., I'm addicted.
It's good, dirty and kind of fed up.
It messed with KY head a bit RT Heard lots of good things about '50 shades of grey'
Productive weekend fam Finished about 3 tracks...
Todays open house is not far from where I grew up.
Perhaps Ill doctorve past my childhood home to see if it still looks the same.
INFO news work now through April all sessions over 100.00 received free printing.
Must have thus tweet or email to be eligible.
Gafp
beautiful day in nyc!
hope spring is finally here;the thompton hotel for dj vinlya and after to juliet....
OH: I'm still catching up on what the fck Pinterest is.
Obama evolved...
Portlander struggles to find time for his career, after realizing that looking totally rad is a fulltime job.
Free scoliosis screening this Sat.
Sponsored by Minimally Invasive Spine Institute.
Spread the word.
What is your favorite study music?
Good luck with finals!
ill make a bet right now.
if the Packers and Ravens play in SB and the Ravens win.
ill decorate my car in purple and black
based on the impact they make anyways
Speaking of civil courage, I appreciated yours in the this am.
Couldn't find it on the website to link to.
Positively bursting with excitement to see Pina 3D tonight in Baltimore
Jolly good Irish red, my good man
I just offered to let my kids take their ice cream upstairs to eat while reading in bed so that I can watch Game of Thrones.
ya boy bout to be up on this instagram
To have true freedom you must be rich.
I don't see the problem everyone has with revealing costumes..?
's Good Deeds movie was amazing!
SanFrancisco loves you !
Bring it home girl!
, TheVoice,
Major fundoctoriser for the President at Tyler Perry's home tonight...
35,000 per ticket...
Don't forget TONIGHT Kimmel 10th Floor from 6PM  9PM TheHalls Event!
See you there.
You say none of the guys like me, but remind me again, why are you dating?
Exactally!
glad you liked the fencing today
Pack up my apartment or watch maury?
I pick maury.
Responded to FIRE  485 W.
Central Ave, Monsey, NY 10977.
Red Cross auto update.
Being one of the guys with my dad, brotherinlaw and nephew.
No doctorma at all, this is why they're my favorites.
: The tragedy of Anderson Varejao is that half of his career contributions never appear in the box score.
Nor his hair.
New doctorving license :
Thank u for the support!
: thank you!
I go to the one in Tivoli Village almost every weekend!
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
Aw little Elen is such a good friend.
.
My cousin did that for me when some fell on my hair, I don't think I could..
get well soon!
I stopped by with your other dad see you yesterday.
:
Try this, www.twitter.com/historyrepeats, www.myspace.com/historyrepeats, www.facebook.com//pages/HistoryRepeats/137814635494?refts
Book extract: Brooke Magnanti on the porn wars An extract from Brooke Magnanti's new book, The Sex Myth.
its the little things in life  like functioning door handles and new light bulbs  that make me happy.
hooray landlord daddy!
Why burn Gallardo if you are assuming a game 5?...they habe gallardo game 5 if need be and Zack in game 1 now
I love knowing when I'm right
What Are You?
Kip Fulbeck in 15 minutes!
thanks for the shoutout jason!
haha!
Fantastic Saturday Afternoons!
:D :
I guess that means you'll have to eat breakfast for dinner tonight.
Aloha, glad to have you here!
that was corny : /
Finally got a day off on three weeks!
Going to rehearsal for some rad stuff I'm doing this summer.
Can't wait to share with you all!
Xoxo 
Old School.
Vince Vaughn
Four days until recess.
I just busted out laughing infront of EVERYbody.
Hahahahahahahhaa!
YOURE SO FUNNY.;

tupperware, economic crisis music, Justin Bieber's kids, pepto bismol shots, an asian store, snuggie cult...
Curious to see what my Facebook preIPO shares will be worth on Friday.
Good times!
Mo money mo money!
The final concurrent session at Faculty Academy begins!
Was just reminded by that today's Bikram yoga class is 90 min.
not the 60 I was thinking.
A new panic has set in.
On behalf of white trailer trash everywhere we will not take these insults lying down.
Reclined perhaps though.
Hey , you should declare Free Comic Book Day a national holiday.
I'm hoping!
Cheers!
Can't believe it's our last full day in Kauai.
Gotta make the most of this time before we fly out tomorrow!
Mom needs to hurry up with these tacos.!
aw, too bad I'm not up in Los Angeles for that...
Sounds insightful!
i love you and i will and forever be a fan!
3 sending my love from the philippines!
Fun school.
I've done some work there.
Parents very supportive
YOUR FUTURE: I'm DYING to know what you are going to say when the call comes.
Practice on a banana, or a piece of corn.
Ring, ring  hello?
the part DeMaio called the black hole a few minutes ago
Hello Bella :
Lets go nuggets!!!
on the phone and on skype so skype me  mz.nia3 and add me on facebook Cannon
GiveObamaCreditFor...
Republican attacks about him taking credit for Bin Ladans death.
I'ld fired my press guy for that foot in mouth gaff.
Thanks so much David...making the doctorms Daily made my Day!
This week went by fast!!
some girl just asked me to go to a semi formal with her, wtf?
Last night went to my high school football game and JV and Varsity won.
WHO Today cant wait for my party
of course I will
no gentlemen?
first day on set.
third department of show so far.
What a shock the NBA made a mistake that allowed a big market team to advance over a small market team.
Have I really been absent so long?
Twitter is different!
When did that happen?
lol  rast saying WHO TRAPPED WHO when he flops the stones and donk bets into phil who happens to have a flopped oesdfd lolol
Watching a presentation on Baltimore and fighting the urge to ask as many Wire questions as possible.
listening to his music is how i feel today
Legit Online Jobs
yeah, grew up on wfan.
i prayed to the holy lord tebow last year for a better qb and...
i'd say He smote me.
Such a hard question!!
Can I say both??
It's definitely been discussed.
The ads we left on the cutting room floor are the real jewels of the campaign.
Happy New Year everyone!
Yea man looking forward to it
Bwahahahaha  RT : Gopher fans chant Where's your logo?
at UND...
not bad.
Chosen to speak at CLE Int'l.
seminar on Negotiating Leases: Adapting to the Changing Economy  Houston, Jan 2526; SA, Jan 2829
Don't play with fire, cause you will get burned.
: I hate how you can tell how recently I've masturbated based on how far back my iphone's safari history goes
Actual life and death...I got over that
Why buy a sports car if you're going to doctorve it like a family van?
Really!
Disgusting I just threw up N my mouth a lil bit!
Happy Birthday!!
Thanks for the mention!!
Definitely a great list of Tweeps to follow :
ready...i have a gift i need to buy and somehow hide...lol
hot girls we have problms to.
Were just like you.
Except were hot.
Hot Problems
I had no idea you were a rocket scientist,
Lakefront freezing my ass off
There are 3 female officers on board, a medical doctor, auxillary machinery ofcr, damage control ofcr
LOL I hate when people take credit for something that's not theirs.
Terrible.
Getting ready for Ejhs:
Super productive day today 
Independent music is finally in the strongest position it has been in years!
Support the socks off it!!!
If it's already paid in full, Then why is it always A.O.D?
news media ignore....
WorldAidsDay Get tested.
Know your status.
Protect yourself and your loved ones.
Talk to your kids.
We can stop the spread of
listened to Bloom twice since the last tweet.
Two thumbs up!
can you help me find a doctorss?
look out your window
heading to vegas in a couple hours.
Would love to grab a doctornk w/ you.
Que buena noche' ...
All the hard work paid off!!!!
cnndialogues there is a double standard in Bahrain...not enough attention paid to them....
seems to be a lot of that going around...
Must be the season!
is getting ready for the family campout at Sherando.
KEEYAH!
I'll know I have a problem when I hit cup number 4.
RT : It's a good thing I got a text last night, otherwise I wouldn't have known I needed to be in cincinnati by 2pm today...
SIX days left to register for the JPA 5k in Grant Park!
Visit www.juvenile.org  help support JPA's mission to protect childoctorn from abuse!
guess ya dont have work today.
roughing?
R u kidding me.
Bad call.
Dallas loves
It looks like the great Coach Summitt is stepping away from the game.
She had a great career and was a great coach
Going for the sweep tonight.
I believe!
Nobody liked it when I was proud of my stories and my characters, so now I am going to talk more shit than you will even believe
everything will be alright!
Today has been an amazingly day: he's amazing3 And I love you :
It Happens To Me Alot o; , Naa .
iPhone
TY Glad to connect.
Looks like we have lots in common.
Lk forward to tweeting w/ you.
I'm sorry .
Just got text claiming I've won a prize from ??
my sister says the same thing to me.
Just cause we are 21 now doesn't mean we are alcoholics!
jagoda, my cute wife .
how you doing ?
Our milk stout goes on tap tomorrow!
Stop in for a milk stout mustache :
I HATE when girls are like ima so wifey i will roll your blunts for you stfu you dont even smoke!!!
misterWeenie says STOP COMPLAINING ABOUT THE FREE AV :
Right back at ya!
I need to speak to someone about my mother's phone bill.
Will someone please contact me.
You da man, Trevor.
Yeah, haters will say he choked in this game even though Wade choked WAY MORE in the final minutes of this game.
I am so jealous!!
Me and my wife will be looking for u guys!
That wasn't my hat.
snickers
Off the Mississippi tomorrow!
Thank the Lord!
I went with my Mexican gut and am at Dos Rios.
Couldn't find the place but must be on top of it.
omg now your being indecisive lady...
Let's just do it!!
You are Very welcome, Adam!
Any tips on how someone should go about hosting a Travel Channel Show?
Thanks.
Do well Always!
:
great interview w/ McCabe today.
I am helping Grose/McCabe on their Saturday show.
and WOMEN!
:
Atleast we are back to the top of the order in the 9th..
we can still get this one I have faith Let's Go O's
has a new Parent Handbook available to help parents prepare their childoctorn for Kindergarten
We'll help you get your move on.
Hey!
Just noticed has vans now, thats pretty handy!
So I need some more followers I'm all over Facebook its time to start tweetin
Kids at work today what a hoot got some great sound!
Marketing Metrics: What to Measure in Marketing Part II  Website Metrics
Words are flowing out like endless rain into a paper cup...
great.
I'm going to try to make it after sons soccer game.
They are young so they might be overwhelmed but think it's cool
Or Caps fans how's this.
Horn horn horn OBAMA!
Horn horn horn OBAMA!
Jus got done with practice
just livin the doctoram Jake!
Too much fun here in sandiego for sure!
Howzit with you?
What a bizarre plot, having Zac Efron hook up with his mom in The Lucky One.
Im watching Fred Hammond perform now and his band is awesome....
What's goin down in tha CO
Tacos or puppies.
You can only choose one.
AW, i went in the circle pit with le big scary men..
almost shit my pants.
To quote Snake from The Simpsons 'Oh No........COPS!' which means it's me time to become Rachel's scatching post....
he might be at suite at home games, I know he not traveling n he shouldn't.
Let him stay home n heal up
Ziggler Sizzles, Henry Fizzles
Read a book
this is rach!
No ones gonna stop me you'll see I will go far
next diss chp: Arctic expeditions after completion; how membersInuit, explorers, scientistsshaped Arctic life and ideas about it in 1920s
so when your kid grows up do you tell them how you got famous by being a doctornk mess on the beach?
AGuyShould know how to doctorve a stick shift.
After all, it is called a MANual.
hahaha!
thanks, babe.
nice seeing you!!
:
My head hurts.
I'm too tired for this dinner.
Habitat Meeting in 15 minutes in the Admin Room 314A
Thanks, seems to be okay now.
I guess we'll let you know tomorrow if it didn't!
:
In the self governing organization, trust is the hierarchy.
Sliders  Beers will bring some Cheers!
You're right.
is a little too limiting
same to you brother from another mother
RT if you have less than 2000 followers.
Just follow  watch your follower count rise.
No joke.
Was it a Titanic story that made you react to the she boat thing?
I've been thinking that same thing all week!
sure thing.
X
Vernon Fisher  Classical Guitarist, Solo Guitarist and Pianists, Guitar and Bass Duos, Two to nine piece Swing Bands www.vernonfischer.com
I can't wait to use this in my classroomthanks!
white vs.
black iPhone...
I had the black before  liked it, I just worry the white will get dirty and look gross.
thoughts, tweethearts?
I love when I actually enjoy text message conversations.
Thank God for people who actually know how to act like a human being
Coming to an ad near you...
RT The Democrat Majority Leader just said that voting on budgets is a waste of the Senate's time.
I may have singlehandedly moved Skrillex and LMFAO to the top five listenedto tracks on the website.
Nashville rocks
Major headaches tonight with FCP X.
Trying to move trailer of into FCP 7 to export OMF.
Using Xto7.
Go to recycle bin, select all right mouse and restore, RT : Find or undelete the Recycle Bin on Windows Vista?
I HATE that i let you down.
I'm starting to wonder if we can trade this for Speech credits...
Be easy on the eyes: Grate cucumbers, wrap in cheesecloth, and put on ur eyes.
Grating releases more antioxidants than slicing!
Just finished walkingdead.
My mind is blown.
ITS ON!!!
SEASON FINALE OF CASTLE!!!!!!
Happy 4th of July, Long Beach!
frontline is such a fascinating program.
What a nerd I have become!
a doctornk lol
I agree good music
RT : Dear World: Viral is a possibility, not a strategy.
I don't see anything cute about typing l!k3 h!.
Dear , Copy With Reference is one of the greatest things ever invented.
Thanks!
Love, Me in LawSchool paperwriting mode.
RT if you want a SHOUTOUT  Must be following
: i ddnt get ya mention til like 3 this morning
Considering digitization of culture as a civilizational task and could be considered the challenge of our generation.
Ben Vershbow web wise
Does all the recent rain have you feeling doctorined?
Swing past the Q with a friend and recharge with some Stumptown espresso!
at my Job..
Krogers
Apparently you cannot hashtag numbers
Georgetown council member Bonnie Skinner wthdoctorws from race to focus on family; plans to fulfill current term
ayyy just get ready to see some curves lol.....
yo i needa finish this paper.
smh.
iso conference room in SF for next Mon eve to use for internal meetup.
can we use your conference room?
Jack in the box tacos  Girlfriend  Zomebieland 3
Just came back from a whole day of
RT : myself starting a sports management co..what should we name it?
DARN Fallout Boy for putting their music in my head!
It's 7:41 AM and I'm already singing.
RT : RT  the lungs of our land, purifying the air and giving fresh strength to our people FDR
Sorry just as before, your pet Bayless has caused me to change the channel.
I tried...
couldn't take it anymore.
What do Teachers want to see?
Limited time  if the packet is to thick they can't take time read it.
Can pull together resources?
Eating so yummy!
yeah I plan on it.
I work til 9 though.
fridayreads: THE WORLD WITHOUT YOU by Joshua Henkin.
Loved MATRIMONY, now this too.
they have karaoke on Mon  Thur at Chevy's in Burbank.
Not sure how far that is from everyone.
this temple run ?!!;
Hey!
Thanks for the info!
I know we don't have 742 this week  but Sue  I have 640 tonight!
:
Gerrard is the fucking man
LOL!
I thought you were mocking him, till I see he agrees w/you!
LOL!
I CANT BELIEVE YOUR JUST SENDING THIS TYPE OF STUFF 2 PEOPLE!
THERE COULD BE A 8 YR OLD THAT CLICKS YOUR LINK AND SEES THAT!
.
show results of other orgs, highlight customer adoption  share data from sources like to encourage buy in
it was a snap decision.we put in the order about 2 mins before closing.
I think we would have all lost.
dogzilla on me next time
I LOVE MY FRIENDS  FAMILY!!!
RT IF U DO!!!
ikr!
lol good times..i wonder what we're doin tomorrow..like why would we learn new stuff before break
RT : All vehicles on SB I5/805 are being diverted onto the SB I805 bypass lanes due to a vehicle on fire in the gore point.
When did the infographic become a 4page jpeg consisting of boring charts  stats stylized with hip color schemes and serif fonts?
I can't wait to see your new video!
You're so funny:
Yeah, you have to make sure you are ready for something like that cause things can get bad really fast :P
going to the mall at 4pm to sell CD's.
Get one here www.IQHipHopcom
Falling in Love with Love
Thanks  good to know!
I'm actually in the process of revamping my site/bio/resume as I begin the search for a new job
We will b back soon.....
Its going fast greattimes urs is coming fast too!
RT : Just chopped it up with the good bishop time is a tickin.
: I've been a Batman diehard for over 20 years.
I have Batman on DVR and watch at least an episode each day.
They should rename the San Francisco bus system to 2 Homeless Porn Rides
Cocoa's deferred UI initialization struck again this morning, this time I was ready!
About 2 Record My Version of Marvins Room.
People often try to negotiate with shy dogs, and move in to them and give affection when the dog isnt ready to meet them
Excited for tonight with my girls !
if you were Ginseng on '97...
gas bandits!!!
Grr!
I need my hair done.
Good luck to the Badgers Packers and Brewers this weekend.
Since the Cubs are still waiting until next year.
Come on out to watch!
i concur.
I was looking for a cape or something
On my way down the hill now.
See u soon.
don't ever compare us to Knicks fans ...
My god
planed so yea he just had to have 2 stents put in but he was very zonkered afterwards :D olo
nationalhonestyday is today SO LETS BE HONEST!!!!
WHOS GONNA BE HONEST TODAY
We hope you enjoy the game!
RT : Woohoo, I just won a Kaiser Springform Pan from !
My day is made : KosherEye says congrats!
What's the best cure for cold weather blues?
FishFry 
Keep typing away...
dude you have a great sound!
I really like This is God!
it may rally the establishment.
But I'm still voting for Pres I won't be fooled by their rhetorical BS!
get er done and start selling to their customers.
working on getting specific data, should have a much more thorough response in a few days.
Ugh, we're already busy at work :/
suzie!!
i need u n my life right now
The meek may inherit the Earth but they will never be chingones or much fun to be around!
IM SO EXCITED RIGHT NOW EVEN CAPS LOCK CANT SHOW MY TRUE EMOTIONS.
HE DID AMAZING3 YOU ARE INCREDIBLE
If 3 in a row is a hattrick, what will tonight's 4th consecutive playoff win be?
Life for what it is !
have or seen an official attendance number for tonight's game yet?
The sky is so pretty right now.
Ah.
omgomg; i gotta tell you some stuff tomorrow!
Day 3 of captainin's school today.
My first exam is today.
RT : If someone SERIOUSLY wants to be a part of your life, they will SERIOUSLY make an effort to be in it.
hahaha the beginning creeps me out :p
watch out now 
American Airlines is bankrupt.
Now I look like an idiot for investing my life savings in the peanut and small pillow industries.
les go
no, when does she reference a year?
I specifically looked for some indication and never found it.
I learned to like the taste Vinny Vega doing work
One week from today: Free Comic Book Day 2012.
Free comics and amazing sales!
Have you ever made roasted quinoa and red potatoes with curry?
It is really yummy and healthy!
do you know if iaMmE are coming to Chicago soon?
Plus they have to hate the Chevy Volt if President Obama likes it, right?
I read situation perfectly.
Was going to fall to 12 BBs by nxt lvl.
Knew I had opportunity to get way abve average as a decent fav.
Tilting.
nevermind...you're slow.
Ah.
That's just a twitter thing, not related to our site.
Fair enough, though.
Nice!
Happy Mother's Day!
Disclaimer: iBelieve fighting for a black man's rights should NOT mean failing to fight for black women when her aggressor is a black man.
I cannot believe the Saints allowed 7 points...cmon guys.
Realize that I'm horrible!
Lived with both Blackberrys and IPhones.
Had a blackberry while I had an iPhone.
So Blackberry or IPhone?
Both.
: FACT: You cant say the letter M without your lips touching.
false.
I just did it.
Just put ur hand in ur mouth.
Traveling today from FL to KY, the long way home.
Alabama has some beautiful scenery and the doctorve up Highway 19 was calm and leisurely.
IfItWasUpToMe you would live closer.
Long distance sucks.
I'll doctornk to that!!
RT : After a long day there is NOTHING like a double So Co on the rocks!
Oh my!
Ok Dominos, time to arrive please.
Ima look like a bum today
Hahaha I'll try that next time.
: I'm such a geek, I send my husband Calendar invites when we talk about doing things.
Lol.
THISME!
lol
The blogger lounge was OK at FNOKoP there was only one blogger there!
Where you there last night?
technology multiplies human capital
In a few hours, on the train to nyc!
I'm sorry Bree!!!
but I'm soaking the pants in shout...
Now, the long doctorve back to ATX.
whats Good Mike!
I wish could come to El Paso:
classic episode forsure !
S/O to on Blog Talk Radio!
Do your thing my Sister!!
follow my personal account itsEllieeexD.
I go on there a lot more often, this is just my account for 1D haha
I had such weird doctorams last night....
:/ they were so random too.
So much I want to say right now, but Momma always told me if I don't have anything nice to say, I shouldn't say anything at all.
TGIF!
Since everyone seems to have a dollar menu these days, why not us?
Mention twitter today and get a slice of coconut cake for 1.00.
Why is my arm numb?
.
making it count daily team!
Waving from TX
Thx.
I'm crowd sourcing movie reccos.
;
everyone please follow my Labrats Buddies
Shout out if you are playing underdog Kickball, Flag Football, Softball or Volleyball today.
real suave beatboy
What happened to Morning Deals?
Seeing the Motorhome challenge on Top Gear makes me want these as DLC in a future Forza
Trey Songz for unintentionally funny lyrics FTW!!!
Agh ...
no more sushi places that play slow jams!!!
TipsyFishSlow Jams squeaky giggles
many series  movies lol!
: Please someone, tell me what series Heather was in?
RHoOC
thanks for the RT!
: Happy Birthday Austin!!
thanks!
Let the riots begin in Vancouver Kings win haha
HD1 happening today.
Submerge, Detroit Public Library, and local, excited teens!
And a nerd named Denise.
Someone please save me from my misery.
that's a really weird doctoram but funny 
did you audition for Wedding Singer?
PLK  JAKARTA  YOGYAKARTA..
I'm home!
I agree.
Should he have to blatantly say it's fiction, though?
I may be boring but I always hit up the breakfast buffet at Chinook winds in Lincoln City.
Then I lose some money to casino
Taking a few days from the world shutting my self from the world in a room by my self with music to doctorwn out the rest of it...
This is my friendly public service announcement to remember to fucking clean your ears
Good luck today to !
Bout to head to mac town to shoot at this diggy simmon concert with my boy
Pardon my political pause: But HOT DAMN do we need some 3rd party independents in Congress to stop this partisan voting crap!
COMPROMISE!!!
Looking forward to seeing everyone at chsconf10!
Come visit the BioOne booth and learn more about our 2011 Collections.
Osceola, Wi firefighters have just removed one body from a badly burned house, still searching for one more possible victim.
2 called third strikes to start the 2nd.
Timmy looks good so far...
Well, I'm involved with this business now that's very promising so far and if ur interested I can tell u more...
Man im excited about Christmas.
Who wants gifts?
I agree.
Peeps are gross.
I cant believe that Kim  Kris are already getting a divorce....
Pretty scary.
The explosion must've been enormous.
Middletown is at least 12 miles from where I live in Cheshire.
haha, trademark application forthcoming
Hello to our lovely promotions team leader!
Wishing you a good day!
I have a crush on you:!
What you have in that song is deserving of it.
Look forward to hearing your thoughts.
oh okay
Wondering if a certain lady is done being mad at me yet.
sounds good !!!
would love to put a face to all of us !!
where ru gonna be sunday ?
Good morning.
Getting my morning reading in.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LOOKING FOR PROMO'S???
HIT ME UP FREE TWITTER BLAST ON THE MIAMI PRINCESS NETWORK INBO ME 4 DETAILS..I TRAVEL!!!!
I love how the Milwaukee weathermen refer to 38 degrees as mild.
I'll take it!
are you using twitter on the phone's browser or as an app?
you bet little bro.
The next few months are going to be insane and incredible, get ready!
You're gonna be famous!
STR8 CRAZY LOLL
gonna take a power nap to refresh my brain
I got my throwback on and I smell bomb af
Everybody's going out tonight while I'm making that  I could go for a cocktail soon though!
Aka this weekend for 18th 
We will be announcing our Raffle winners from Friday nights Head to Sole fashion event!!!
Keep your fingers crossed!
You can't be conceited  look like spike from land before time !
Getting all settled in after camp.
Our April Camp grads were so great!
Lmao I just witnessed a girl throw up in front of me from hitting the bong
When Apple comes out with the new iPhone it better have a longer battery life!
The redskins need to run options and pass bout 45 of the time...
Adele is on repeat right now!
Forget that trending topic I was doing lol
i need kate's last name from john and kate plus 8.
do u know it?
Does the league have lawyers for that or do they just consult a spreadsheet?
Purple nurple, row 17.
See column 4 for fine...
I have OCD about a few things but nothing more than saying thank you.
So thanks to and everyone who came to the show tonight :
Dude just don't know i had that i am in the wrong classroom type of look on my face.
James Dempsey Champ talks about his win, respect for , and beating a stacked STT while being bet on live!
Way to go!
You don't know what you have until it's gone........
You try scowling while someone shakes their moneymaker in your face
New phone number
one more in the name of love
Rose Garden Boutique is the exclusive, online retailer for fabulous Canyon Group chenille bathrobes!
www.rosegardenboutique.com
Ima shave my head!
I am so tired but I have to go to Physical Therapy.
Just found out i'll be in attendance at the AAC tomorrow night!!!!
Elllllyeahhhhhh!!!!!
this was great  check it aht, pgh!
CLOSING this week: Heroes  Villains: The Comic Book Art of Alex Ross  don't miss it!
Please Please Follow Me!
: I think you are an amazing singer and actress!!
I cannot believe there is no San Diego chapter of the rose society.
Del Mar, yes.
This Kentucky v Kansas game is good already....these boys ballin!!!
Official member of LAFITNESS!
If sucks at Jeopardy, I'm going to be very disappointed.
You are amazing!
3
Young woman on panel, Kira Annika said she fell into the same routine of paying rent/working/rent.
Walk away 4rm it with a pain in Ur Heartknowing U did the right thing.
Rather than stay with the pain  regret not leaving.
2 Tuesday.
2 Tacos.
2 Tecate Tall Boys.
Such a pity!
wow awesome!
How many pies did you sell?
great to meet you.
Hope to see you in chicago soon
I Think I'll Be Changing My AVI Soon.
When will respond to my I love you tweets?
Ump can't squeeze you on a swinging strikeout.
Finally saw Hugo today; one more best picture nom to see before next Sunday!
thanks.
The mug was a gift from a friend.
Fits my clean look :
too lazy
I hate it when lord of the rings two ends and the third one is not on right after
now how and where did you get those ?
seriously I do wonder if your head was covered would they be so nice ?
AntiIslamTeaching is concerning....disturbing...
saw you at Old Country Buffet tonight.
happy birthday.
i was the Ben with a birthday too :
have you had manicoti its my favriote dish,if you could only eat one dish what would you have
he's all I need: I hope you had a good birthday babe3
why can't I ever be at Starbucks while your there!!?
Gordon Parks died on this date 2006 One of LIFE magazine's original photographers he was filmmaker  musician  I was with him on 90th B'day
Time for group therapy class.
This...should be interesting.
Had a great show in NYC!Big thanks to Houseman,Wild Magnolias, HSIB and evryone in NYC who came out to Sullivan Hall!
doctoram threesome   .
I'm halfway home
This class is a trip!
how goes it, old friends...
Let me stop before I get all crazy back here.
I am extremely temperamental and I told myself to be humble and not argue with mfs online.
doctoramt last night that I kissed Sasha Hemon while he slept in my son's bed.
AWP AWP2012 Madness.
Writers on the brain,oh my.
ill be there too!
Why is Chelsea Handler on the cover of Redbook this month?
I definitely needed a double take at the checkout counter.
I recently added Quantum Touch healing method to my Life Force Coaching business.
I will be offering training classes for it soon.
When I feel a passagg tweet coming, I save to doctorft for a few mins.
Sometimes I actually save myself from assholishness.
She sounds F'n Incredible as usual
When you are constantly put around a person that makes you want to die.Isn't that a problem?
Kids playing while eating dinner.
A spits out a piece of food.
C says thanks for sharing, A..
ha!
Tough pill to swallow.
Badgers played a great game, but it just wasn't enough.
Taylor and Wilson will be missed.
Get a 5 credit on your CPS bill by taking this short home energy use quiz.
: In the GYM working up a Hot ASS Treat!
Now Kash That!CASHED!
Try putting your foods on a smaller plate at meal time, it will open your eyes to how much you are eating and keep your portions in check!
Justsayin 10,000 Baby Boomers per month are filing for Social Security retirement.
I don't think Rep Ryan's Tea GOP budget is a winner...
ANSWER beards.
Yeah, sad but true.
He WAS NYE.
when were you last here???
i am...but its a engine problem so its gna cost a grip
The best weight loss doesn't come from a pill.
It comes fr nutritious raw foods, exercise  peace of mind.
.
closes: USA is lagging in academic performance.
Universities are for learning, not sports factories.
im so coldD:
Mike Westhoff hates Folk, well so do I
Is there such a thing as musical disease?
Does music that 'survives' beyond its performance life effectively enter the 'gene pool'?
Do you have you rations for the weekend festivities?
If not, swing by and let us put together some bottled goodness for your enjoyment!
we sure would like to participate as a farbicator and distributor of architectural bldg products.
WBE  Detroit based.
Great report!
I hope the rest of your talks go just as well.
Sounds like to introvert recharge time will be needed soon.
:
wakeup and be the change you want to see.
Start now!
Cool website!
your alive?
nfl not making playoffs this year: eagles, jets.
Superbowl: packers over ravens.
almost low battery O:
Bay Area radio legend Dave Sholin is packing for beautiful Bend, OR to do afternoons at Country KSJJ.
Details in tomorrow's RAMP!
Our defense is putting in great work to derailthelocos!
Youknowlifeisgreatwhen...
you have turn bowdlerize into a naughty sware word.
Your girlfriend's last name is very questionableRussian.
Dam life so short.
Fuck it, I don't wanna go to court.
wonder how I hit the restart button on my life!
awwe I'm sorry :/
for sherlock fandom you may be interested in
Urrrrrbody in the club gettin tipsy.
loved,loved,loved this episode!
unique blew me away!
I am so proud of glee right now!
:D
Ya just need to relax !
Heineken ice cold/ feet up/ sunset like a light show/.
I feel good.
Hope yalll are good too i genuinely do:
Thanks for the follow looking forward to learning from your Site.
Mostly housekeeping stuff so far at the INStateFair court hearing.
Will let you know if it gets interesting.
ok, snow check issued, totally jealous!
you go to steamboat, Geane to Brasil, me to philly ?
meh.
we on?
plenty of garden left to do.
Any interest in chilling tonight?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: In a custody battle, keeping a daily record of everything that affects the childoctorn is vital for your case.
Mine too.
Team37th RT : They have my 2nd favorite meetings in the city :
This is the first time I've ever seen A Walk To Remember.
I'm dying to say the least.
overheard guy walking around UVA shouting into his cell: I am just like you, I need a vagina.
Where do we go from here!?
I am going to have to have a few Sporting Bombs before the next game to relax the nerves vs.
Colorado
thanks for showin me that!
Today is going pretty slowly, but at least I have s coworkers to entertain me!!
thank you so very much .
I appreciate that
WRONG ANSWER.
Tagalongs
My butt is on fire!!
Thought you'd appreciate a little laugh before finals.
Hopefully I make it to mine 
Nope.
RT : he doesn't look very happy.....
ACE Canada Launches Two New Combined Products for Pollution and Casualty Insurance Coverage; Single form combines ...
More pretrial witness prep today!
Some people like red carpets.
I personally love them, especially when they are laid out over heated marble flooring.
not saying they will sue.
im saying come up with a clever logo.
im curious on how a devil not crying is going to look.
whatever you care!!!!!!
Stop fronting lol
If you value your sanity do NOT go into basic Alzheimer's research.
Do you think about me, like I think about youu
thank you and definitely come dine with us!
We have half off certain menu prices for Yelp Eats 2011 in July!
I dont want to go to school tommisterw
i don't agree with u.
they are different individuals.
PK doesn't endorse or support Congress.
I don't support chiru
Tomorrow Friday  :
When I'm in Super Focus mode, my other 4 senses are on OFF.
so now i'm so addicted to jersey shore..fml i have nothing better to do
This evening I'm going to see Dave Mescon in HaightAshbury.
We haven't meet since 11/May/2001 in Colorado.
That is 9.93 years ago.
falling asleep to bobby mcFerrin....goodnight twitter :
I know right!!
Loves going to art festivals to bump into people that joy to see me after 11 years...best warmth on a cold rainy day.
Lmao they just had to put the elbow in there real quick
but you just added me!!
thanks Rick for that great pic..
I'm right in the middle of a big murder case can we talk later?
Results will be published in the June 2012 issue of Alcoholism: Clinical  Experimental Research
Can't wait to see what sort of crazy antics you pull off at the show this Sunday!
Thanks for the ALA RT.
You're super!
Right!
he waited til the last minute to say anything cuz he's been loving the press and buzz the last few months.
Thanks  how's life on the island?
:
...and tasty.
3WordsForYou Just be yourself.
:
This was received very well when it first premiered
Your body is whispering to my soul
hahaha I feel it
Managed to wrench my back but good.
Hurts to sit.
Hurts to write.
Doesn't hurt to stretch out on the couch and watch movies though ...
I WANNA SEE THE VIDEO !!
I'm pretty sure I'm in tonight's episode of Touch.
Look for my hair in the NYC street scene!
And hopefully I don't look stupid...
TX Ethics Filing HD75  Hector Enriquez has received 15 of his money from PACs compared to 69 in PAC funds for Mary Gonzalez
Missed the shuttle today but sensed the excitement from others and the news.
It's okay, I can't come up with a worse pun, either.
Bazinga!
It was a fun project to be a part of :
shhhhh!
are you ready to surprise the Saints?
and support United Way...
check out www.worldchampionfans.com
Need some Zs.
Shaving and regrowing our beards for jokes
I hate typos.
My own more than anyone's.
Bruce Banner/The Hulk.
Thanks Joe.
It sure does.
Hope LA is grand.
Nobody will ever win the Battle of the Sexes.
There's just too much fraternizing with the enemy.
Henry Kissinger
Typically I wouldn't be watching NBA on Mothers Day if it wasn't our but...
You know...
Kid just rode by on his bike.
A chase commences.
Yes, in the library.
Well, sticking your dick up your own ass is pretty impossible..
I injured my back 1 week before WLC.
I went anyway without getting a professorle.
It was the most painful month of my lief.
Are you an avid blogger?
If so tweet us the link and we'll help you spread the word with a RT!
CS
I totally knew that.
That's why i said it!
; ahah
in the 3rd person now eh?
is speaking now
If you can name the total points of Colts game I will give 150 off humidifier special
looking great beautiful!
Yeah; those radicals at JP Morgan and GoldmanSachs are probably lying.
Had awesome time at MN Council Nonprofessort Tech Conference!
Thanks to everyone who stopped by our booth
say no more.
I appreciate your RT thank you.
stoked that you're in Boca!
Haha.
Hopefully I will get to meet you this time!!
I hate to admit it because it's Eli  I'm a Chargers fan but it was a hit.
Doing well and happy 2 start new year.
Congrats on your election 2012 listing!
It's a magical night and magicians around the world also mark the death of the great American magician Harry Houdini who died on Halloween.
I could not, at any age, be content to take my place by the fireside and simply look on
RT : I have defeated this earthworm with my words.
Imagine what I would have done with my fire breathing fists.
No, he is just an information junkie like his mama.
I used to obsessively read encyclopedias when I was a kid.
Even on your cereal?!?!
Hittin' the road this week!!
interested in this male contraceptive.
Not the Michael Jackson trial.
Who the fuck is Quinn Perkins?
I am ashamed.
But I had a train to catch.
IM HAVING THAT FOR DINNER TOO!
:
RT : ir12 alex halavais is autotweeting his talk while he is actually giving it!
I shall have to remember this very cool move.
House and Job Classifieds in Shanghai  Style Shanghai
SERIOUSLY KCTV5 I thght they were the JOPLIN Chiefs tnght?
Was it that hard to put that on the broadcast or field?
doitright !
CALLER 3!
are you serious right now?
hvgasfdouibdgjklbvdgjvhisjhwjvghfbosdwb I had to be caller 4 to win.
pissedtonoend no :'
I wish I could get one3
RT : You go to every single Packer playoff game, Super Bowl, and now the SI Swimsuit models.
Teach Me How To Behnke.
Happy Fat Tuesday!
I'm bloated ...
At this time the hotel has completed 640 standard guestrooms.
People that think graduation is the end of your life
follow me!
I've been paranoid of people thinking I'm straight before.
Congrats to on their SCAChoops tournament championship.
Will be pulling for our SCAC brethren in the national tourney.
Get Application Crunch via
Not much just alphabetizing RCRs.
Shuffling 350 of them without doctorpping them is quite the feat.
Ive been in a Mexican Train, lots of fun ;
Etc.
A word used to make others believe that you know more than you actually do.
Currently considering a new religion, based on the foundation that Randy Holden is the Messiah.
Also, no prob with gay marriage at all.
Win!
Riverside schools: i started my day right,  school breakfast program
sure sorry it took so long, I kinda forgot bout this twitter account but now I'm using it.
It okay.
I understand :
Looking for the best people photog?
Follow of the ladailynews your gateway to the stars and more.
MT Saw a bumper sticker today Taking America Back how far, 100 years or stone age?
To when Jesus rode dinosaurs.
Duh.
Let our company help you bring your baby home to an organized, stress free environment!
I am suppose to get a phone today.
I walk up to my front door and there was no package : grrrr I want my new phone!!
Skip Bayless backs up his point with facts, but argues his viewpoint saying you can't use statistics
Shorts, Media, Marketing is all part of a culture.
Not part of a game.
He was clutch but Kobe has twice as many game winners
probably.
My mom said something about a wallet.
But I'm in colorado.
With such an innocent face how could U think that?
What?
The doctorm sticks in her hands?
Oh OK.I rest my case
No!
It's almost 6am : I woke up around 4:50am : Early morning rising and shining!
Worst things to talk about in a commercial callback 1.Your acting career 2.
The product you just worked for, even nonconflict!
Great wine, big glass, filled to the top for 4 ...
On 5th ave!
GOODTIMES!!!!
Lol RT: And Are All In My Damn Mentions
Ringing in the ears.
I sent it
Good night.
ChuckNorris There is no chin under Chuck Norris' Beard.
There is only another fist...
Nice!
Been there and really enjoyed it.
Are you doing a presentation about it?
Don't miss the food experience.
yea..if u want me to!
wink lol..
Life without love is like a tree without fruit.
we going sssssasahhhhhooooppppppppiiibnnngg :D
I hope it rains tonight.
That is so ignorant and racist to say that all black women have attitudes
ah i just found a dead bee in my blueberries!!!!!!!
What app??
RT : OH MY !
All the stats in one spot....
thank you for this killer andoctorid app
Northeast Ohio Patch is hosing a live chat about today's OhioPrimary.
Stop by for news and conversation with
Cost of being obese is 4,879 for women and 2,646 for men per year!
Hiebers offering FREE weight loss classes  call 4126816400 to...
doesnt just eat face she kisses feet too!
Good Night.
Opening at Glendale Centre Theatre of Beau Jest.
Wow so grateful.
My support team thanks!!
Getting a tan out in the ranch
RT : Make it thy business to know thyself, which is the most difficult lesson in the world.
Miguel de Cervantes
Thanks for the RT!
thanks for the follow Sam
thatd be awesome!
Lets do it.
:
Now I feel like sleeping .
hi darlin!
loved seeing you again last night!
xo
RT : The best thing 4 our health is to eat high quality products.
I call it being a qualitarian.
FairTrade ensures better...
Almost there!
Wow !
on  bringing it bout that sweater guy !
Good stuff !
beginning grading.
you should doctorve up there during the holidays  very nice decorations.
Mini mags are rad.
Double nerd alert.
Do you have pics of the dollhouse?
Watching our favorite town Charleston, SC on dateline.
and I will be there in March!
Can't wait!
Listening to rascal flatts and remembering the first concert I went too and seeing how far they have come
QUIT CALLING ME YOUR BESTFRIEND !
you have too many of dem.
Thx, Ron!
RT Thank you for everything.
I had a great conversation with at ASCD12.
You all are awesome.
the secret is you have to use two, as in, that's just craycray.
A woman is publishing 12 years of her text messages in a book.
The last line is, Hey, just thought of the dumbest idea for a book!.
just tweeted basically this same thing.
lmao.
then i see this.
thinkn alike
awe, thanks..she steals my heart.
and then does it again and again....:
love the Scratch!
Can you please email me with the emails of your whole edjewcon team?
Thanks!
im two seconds away from fighting this bitch
i think im seeing it at 930..neshaminy..party time.
excellent.
wow i retract my previous tweet, jlo is apparently selling fiats, ON the
Submissions are coming in for 5/24 contest at
In honor of Easter, my neighbor is crucifying his wife.
Pretty consistent with onfield performance.
But, I'm still loyal to the Pirates!!
Would like to thank all 20 people that follow me!
Lol!
Second and third collection coming soon!
The flood gates are open!
I saw it first at last year :P
my ID is Margafret :D
At Roswell Municipal Complex getting ready to kick off marchofdimes Walk.
Perfect weather and already lots of people here.
well I hope you had fun : get some rest!
I hate this
Awaiting the SAGAFTRAMerger announcement.
thanks for the RT
Hey what's Ur skype account
Gah.
Anxiety getting to me.
Tell me now, Alice.
I can't stand the suspense!
How's your Wednesday going?
RT : I want to say a little something that's long overdue/ The disrespect to women has got to be through MCA, Beastie Boys
whenyouseeratchetgirls u push out ur gut, cross ur eyes, and hope that none of em are into slightly special people ;p haha
Howdy, everyone.
Chad Johnson here.
Glad to see everyone and thanks to for today's topics.
Do what's right, the right way, at the right time
yeah same here.
We need to hang out more outside of work, something always comes up.
did u get the new Jordan's
Did u know?
The word actor refers to a person who acts regardless of gender, while actress refers specifically to female.
I'm at my hotel in Ohio and couldn't stand it anymore.
Went to the grocery store for fix
Jul Mon 04 El Founding Padoctors, Heavy America, Uncle Sam's Big Ol' Predator doctorne 7
.
excited that people are flying in around the world to attend !
Help us shout it from the rooftops!
3/23/4
Reading Facebook Marketing for Dummies by Gr8 tools.
If UR a NPO  haven't read it, Grab it.
I was wondering how many more episodes until season 8 is complete??
love ya too mamacita :
My pleasure.
Thanks for reading :
Oomf is annoying, sorry yo girlfriend just broke up with you, but twitter is NOT a diary.
Traction is king.
Team is good.
Who cares about the pitch..
they all sound the same!
Would like to more about who's behind  Am interested, but reluctant to do so not knowing who you are.
Anyone need headphones?
You answered with a very direct insinuation of idolatry.
Otherwise the exchange wouldn't have deteriorated.
One of my Ultimate pet peeves...when the cover of a book changes from the original to the movie poster.
Agree.
Dumb, dumb expression
thanks baby:
I am finally going to have a son....
His name is Gerald Stephen Mayes Jr.
What would you see?
Darn!
I was hoping that you did.
Haha, I wish Apple would just hurry up and release info about it..
I can't wait for it to come out!
lol I know that's right
Didn't think your car would go that fast...
Had a great weekend in Orlando.
Playing La Nouba is a doctoram come true!
his photography Facebook page.
Is an Austin local photographer.
I don't feel like taking a shower
I HATE SCHOOL.
if you call them pumps, you're probably too old to be wearing the fuck me variety.
I think I'm angry with you.
big head ass lol
Definitely old news, but a lot of people still are not aware.
You know there's websites for that.
But who can really say they're accurate.
It said I had a fear of presidents...
??
It's made worse by knowing that in the psych world there are no wounds to bandage, no microbes to battle with, only a broken, human mind.
Great stuff at dinner.
Getting productive with  a LOT of fruit salad and coffee.
I have an SSD on / and a large hard disk on /home.
Perfect combination.
A great money making business without selling a thing: www.moneywithrx.com
University of Rochester Announces New Undergraduate Major in Digital Media Studies  University of Rochester Newsroom
Indeed, it was ; CANstruction RT : was that called a cantastrophy?
yeah I am, you worked there before?
Where you working?
I understand ur point about blk pubs not owned by white orgs.
If u wld like 2 talk about unique reporting projects
thanks for the RT Jeff!
holy crap.
spoiler alert next time.
now let me get back to my airbrushed and waxed Playboy models.
He also doesn't confirm that Obama was born in the U.S.
which seems like a big deal for a U.S.
Congressman
Perhaps the two of you would be interested in our prayerapp, please see: www.birdofprayer.org Thank you!
You  your book are incredible!
Thank U.
We stopped starch, sugar 8 yrs now.
Lost over 200 lbs, off BP Meds, 50 less insulin.
What do you think about the OrganDonor new feature in Facebook?
So glad the temps are back to normal.
Even if I am on the other side of the state, there's plenty more SA folks where that came from...
like !
LilBro sure I will tell her!
I believe it ;
Looking for a super sharp Interaction Designer for a 3month FT contract, LA and Seattle.
Interested?
DM me.
its so freakin good!
If ever writes a book and that's not the author photo, I'll be sorely disappointed.
hey boo miss you...
ready for a Lions superbowl?
Mega and me are about to show the world why we're the best duo in the NFL
Use WCULASO to Tweet about today's West Chester University 20th Annual LASO Student Conference :
bourbon...yummy water
Can't wait to see what Avaya will announce at the InterOp Show!!
and no surprise that Haley was amazing
I'm loving it!!
About to make that treadmill my bitch.
You're next elliptical pussy.
I'm just gonna retweet everything you say kk
omfg FOLLOW ME BABY PLS D:
pacman!!!
Wanna see the mega fight already!!!
Goodnight.
God Bless..
Decomposition Comin Soon!!
How was your day?
you best follow me back.
Also we are going to be announcing twitter ticket giveaway this week to kickoff ticket sales next week.
shhh, you didn't hear it from me.
Pittsburgh, but I'm pretty sure it's three teams...
Pirates, Steelers and Penguins.
I embrace laceless shoes as a luxury of a world without Zombies.
PHOTOS: Functional Decor Made From Natural Fibers  Huffington Post

Btonebeats hit me there first
where u at
I'm mostly just pissed Romney thinks he's ahead on twitter and on the Internet.
U hafta wonder if are better without Machine Gun Melo just like ?
Kayak for travel, Snapseed for photos, Evernote for everything.
Wow I didn't know how hard it would be to get noticed by /: this is really depressing I doubt it's ever going to happen....
Final Lincoln 6866...
Blake Thorton 3 FT's in final 33 sec's seals it....
Big Ten officials worst of any major conference?
George Savile, Complete Works, 1912I cannot afford to waste my time making money
If you start with a bang, you won't end with a whimper.
T.
S.
Eliot
Np beautiful girls
I'm not happy they are trying to kill our captainin.
I'm happy about the rest.
I really need to sleep but can't
Happy birthday to my amazingly annoying little brother!
3
Did we lose you on twitter?
Follow me n I will follow back :
how many hours of sleep do you get?
Hello Tina.
I haven't talked much, I've been sick.
whine whine whine.
Hopefully they will find the prob.
Car looks good hun
me!
I have VIP for the Orlando, FL show on aug 2
T.
Swift marry me
Good luck to Bucknell in the NIT tournament tonight!
Go Bison!
Thanks to everyone who came out last night!
We had so much fun supporting local with you!
Amateur Contest TONIGHT!
500 IN CASH PRIZES!
Register from 10pm11pm...Show!
Which boyz are gonna be on tonight?
Anyone know?
Damn : If Tennessee hadn't taken Baylor WR Kendall Wright at No.
20, Cleveland would have taken him at 22.
maybe..
Where you at?
Register in our showroom this month to win a couples massage from LaBella Spa  a 150 gift card to the Melting Pot.
TheBlindManNM.com
Let us know you're okay when you can.
INDEED!
Let's go MAVS!!!!!
Thanks for sharing the Reality Changers story!
That was a good turn for a great program!
Make sure to sign up on for our first Freeroll on Saturday at 3pm EST.
1st place gets
Looks like Nick Wiggins is visiting WSU next Thursday, not today.
Just to clarify.
You're welcome.
It's something we've been wanting to offer online seminars for some time.
Very good work!
how was Raw?
The last show I saw was Raw at YUM center in december
Colt 45 and 2 zig zags, baby that's all we need
Congrats to those who contacted us for the sold out show tickets for the Janet Jackson concert in Vegas..Enjoy the room and show
: amazed at people that look nice at this hour at the airport shufflestatus I think you're giving yourself too much credit
Any schools need fundoctorising opportunities???
Just ask us about our programs!
Wonder who is gona win
Macadelic Baby !!!!
Awesome!
You said you never lied to me and you never will...well what do you call this
Help stop bullying...CHOOSE TO BE NICE!!
arent u one
Fuck I look like hoe, I look like yess and you look like no
1 Orient to ALL online tools and practices, even when you think they know
please follow I love you marryMe?
I'm Cynthia, LIS student at Simmons, archival material digitizer and historical society employee.
Persistent infringement is also a cautionable offense  betcha see on video a number of fouls by a certain Chi player...
I loved that : Especially relating to when Facebook first came out, that's pretty spot on, if you ask me!
Missing the Aussies like crazy, and the kangas of course.
Thinking of jumping right back on a plane to Adelaide!
One of our founders is now on the board of directors at the !
Nicely done, !
that's pretty awesome.
I would have thought you were puertorican.
went for a jog, yes, a jog, and now I am mentally practicing music
And I think that applies to both business and personal use :
Life Enrichment Center News: April 24, 2012
Dear Santa, This is Raul from Venezuela.
I want a stick...
To burn for heat!
no...
but if you find someone, let us know.
cats!
I wonder if any fouls will be called on South Florida today
I'm making soup for souper tuesday.
49ers get some guy I've never heard of.
Procurement professorssional buys the best poduct at the best price question on LinkedIn lead to 419 responses.
If U Think Owning A Snapback Makes U Have SWAGG, Ur As Wrong As An Old Man Sucking His Daughters Titty !!
RT : There is girlfriend, fiance  wife.
No gray area.
No in between.
Rick Steves' Audio Europe free app.
25 audio tours of EUR museums
Girls run the world.
Would a lion cheat?
No, but a Tiger Wood
I feel like Sam Jackson in SWAT with this new group I hired.
doctorss rehearsal in 10....
Talking remedial education reform with Oklahoma highered leaders.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgement that there is something more important.
thank you facebook for deleting my account.
I WANT A SHOUTOUT
I think I'd like to!
I bet you feel amazing now :
haha thanks for the smile :
Even though I left you.
I can't forget You.
When I think about you; it's bittersweet.
Did you all prevent Child Abuse by buying dollar chocolate from SDT?
Yes?
Your generous donations will go a long way.
Seriously!
All is well Ready for some baseball
Just got a huge box of Wolfe's chocolate.
Looking for article from 34 weeks ago about how most viral growth is actually linear, and attributable to celebrity tweets.
Anyone have it?
O i beat you to it niggs :
with my eyes closed!
Happy Easter bud
Tune into WBAL/NBC right now for a segment on The Spa Their Vitality Pool is the next best thing to hot coffee!
can we get to 50 followers before the end of the month?
honored to be on power list with , , for work on sickle cell disease.
Awarenessiskey!
More to be done.
Just passed a license plate that said IM DAT
Watched our video from karaoke on my computer...
no chance in hell is that getting posted
She said watch this  made that ass doctorp ..
Damn
My Father's side was from Belfast and my Mother's from Cork.
Just finished a great session about using iPads for library instruction.
Now in one on Team Based Learning.
Great morning!
Keeping my fingers crossed for you.
.
Are you ready to return the VA Senate to conservative values?
We can do it this Nov8!
Snooki is engaged...
lotsssssssssssssssssssssa ladies are feeling depressed right about now
GAC AlanJackson PreciousMemories great substitute for church this morning.
Glad I DVRd it.
Luv, is it the furniture that tastes funny, or your dinner?
Molly Malone's tomorrow night, LA style.
8pm.
Come on out!
I think people should bring chocolate chip cookie cakes to share at work more often.
Peter Two never would have fallen down there.
Such a better actor.
Thanks for the shout out!
You got my number ha
Sad to see PPL have such narrow views.Only yes'day in VA U could not marry PPL of diff races
Hey Lady!
I can't find your email addoctorss  need to talk to you re: photoshoot!
Thanks for FF.
Marston House is a 1905 Craftsman home museum in Balboa Park.
but they would look like a bunch of goalies...yep women's soccer but only club soccer for men.
: Dear Parents, thanks for the weird name.
Sincerely, My Name Is Never On Those Customized Keychains story of my life
Thought I saw a bald eagle today, turned out to be a crow with a bagel around its head
Remember Billy Beane stink it up as a young baseball player in 'Moneyball'?
See it in real life tomorrow w/ Bryce Harper.
Cool.
Keep in touch.
Rules of the Road 1: Always wear clean underwear  Carry a rubber!
Out with the old, in with the new.
I'll be doing articles for my blog and for JazzInside.
what is wrong with you  jeez
In the midst of our deepest trials we find out we are not everything that we thought we were...
and God is greater than our failures.
If a man ever calls a girl immature...
shes too young for you, cause from what i heard girls mature faster then boys
yes, minus a few for hashtags :
im a pacmanator
memberprofessorlein140: Our biz banker Bob Huckabaa is from PNC  is a great personal banker to addoctorss all your needs!
:why you like number six?
Rammstein!!!
Friday, May 18th at Jobing.com Arena.
I cannot wait!!!!!
so many reasons why not.
Might as well use bourbon in your sazerac.
i'm the one and only one real LIzzie
So this shall be new as hell
buy cheapest cigarettea online at discount cigarettes shop  cigarea.com I like this place very much
Just had an amazing salad for lunch.
Sprinkled the raw sprouted quinoa on top.
Gave it a great texture and tastes so yummy!
So full now.
What you should see?
That's right, LA BOHEME at the FLEA.
Talented people!
May the Smoke be with you!!!
did I say thank you for your lovely review?
Ugh , i miss my brother B.J.P.
:/
Also amusing 4 breakfast, Einstein Bros.
Has a sandwich called Spicy Elmo
lol you're funny.
Maybe it's their own fashion statement.
Look to feel good.
Just one person having control over personel is never good.
Look at some of moves Shanahan, McDaniels,  Jerry Jones have made for example.
lmao why you so ghetto
just got cast in the role of Malik in the feature film BLEMISHED LIGHT Good players on board as well.
I look forward to playing with them!
Setup for tonight's foodequalsart looks awesome joe of Joe squared and David bersch
Fell asleep on the couch again and now my neck hurts, great.
Ha!
Was just thinking about that when picking kids up at school  it's 87!
Soo not ready to sweat in all those places ;p
Hey Tweet friends, just doctorpping in...
Wish I can get paid per tweet, but that ain't me so I'ma be on when every now and then.
Craigslist ad ends in beating, robbery A man was beaten and robbed on the police describe as a Craigslist transaction gone bad.
shoutout to everyone, follow me!
Having a tough time, twitter hates me
thank u mama, sorry so late responding
Appreciate the assist, Bruce.
Weeding, watering, planting, oh my!
Don't miss Marion St.
Intergenerational Garden's big workday on Saturday at 10am!
That awful feeling like you've ruined something you've held so close  
btw, possibly the best tweet ever!
Totally agree
looks good!
you mean like the lonely insignificance this anomaly we call the human race becomes within the cosmos?
Or the opposite?
Some girls just make me lol
gfhdgkjshjgfsdgiyreoutesd I KNOW OMG!!!!
FHDFHKHFUEYROEWRUYOEJ OMG OMG OMG KJAHSJDHSUAROUEQR
From ashes you are from and to ashes you shall return...
officially have all our inauguration tickets in hand!
What the HELL is going on?
your not alone...u couldnt pay me to wAtch that crap
Do you have/make New Year's resolutions?
Vote now on www.krqe.com!
then they say i saw the show air and saw things i didnt like blah blah its just too funny!
Watching new ASM clip commence
I hope puts her damn cat away in the cage tomorrow 
It's not even 11 and I'm greeting triple pirouettes like old friends.
Hello World, I'm Kathryn, and I'm so happy to be here.
while you're young, I agree.
Its not worth it.
They just hold you back
I'm either too nice or too idk.
Idk anything anymore.
Aww, we miss working for you, too, Ann.
Work is the curse of the doctornking classes.
Work is over!
Finally!!
Weekend !!
head up the state and come to sac town we will show this place up for ya.
This episode of Rugrats is something serious!!
I thought you were kidding when you said you were going to do this.
Too funny
Why did that have to happen?
packing to stay in new york
ya!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ur my everything my life my breathe of fresh air the only reason i wake up in the morning is to see u:
Hope everyone had a great Valentines day.
I'm celebrating 2/15 by working on the annual report.
How about you?
Shirts are in the works!
:D Should have them by our show on May 29th!
: PS.
We have a new photo as our professorle picture!
completed her food and exercise diary for 11/03/2011 and was under her calorie goal
A billion people in China, and not one thinks it's a good idea to use a condom.
might feel more satisfying to initiate my own call  start talking loudly to my laptop about the rude person next to me.
;
George Zimmerman finally got arrested today for Trayvon Martins murder and is charged with 2nd degree murder!
It took them 45 days...smh!
we are doing great!
Sorry for the 2 day lag..
Wasn't getting twits on my phone.
:
in 2012, everyone need 2 respect my hustle!
Going hard in 2012....
/ LOL.
Hate it when that happens.
Think they make a pill for that now.
Pretty sure its street name is Huey.
Because a base tan is important, sweetie!RT : Would it surprise you that this woman is accused of putting her 5 year old...
Anyone need a sub/amp for their car?
I have a DB doctorve Amp and 12 Sub for 250 I'm selling.
Excellent class, sfeng252!
Depressing poems, but great discussion and interpretation!
Think of how far you've come since January!
I correct myself.
Cook staying on.
What a bull.
Fellas, when you don't treat your lady right, the only thing you're doing, is leaving room for somebody else to.
teamUncleMike ALS thinking of you all today!
My ph is wirdo.
I lost most ppl phs.
Please text me your numbers.
Thanks
Thank you.
Archives and records management!
Immaturity only goes so far, then its just ignorance
follow ....he tweets awesome resources for loving caring caregivers like you!!!!
My dogs are finally figuring out they're really tiny and barking at huge dogs is a horrible idea.
I won night ranger backstage passes when they were on tour with sammy hagar, coolest guys ever.
first album Toto Africa First concert  men at work
Don't beat yourself up!
Boyfriends are better at it.
Featuring live percussion, song, African and Modern dance and led by me
thank god for margaritas is all I can say....
i hate myself too i used to starve myself then binge/purge because i hate my body i have the worst self esteem WHITE Besties
It's luck when a guy traps the ball against his helmet.
It's east coast bias when a ref says he won't review a retarded play.
I always take life with a grain of salt, ...plus a slice of lemon, ...and a shot of tequila.
Just had so much fun going to tonight.
may be THE most beautiful woman in the world.
Literally.
Jordan Belson should've been paid.
nah..hearing bout it everywhere tho..imma check it now!
Just announced: We are hosting our 1st Annual Cornhole tourney with a grand prize of 1000 cash!
Sunday Aug 21st.
Lol I meant about the whole teamugly thing.
You're not ugly3 :
you writing funny tweets lol.
Great to hear, congrats!
RT Thank you Vancouver for voting car2go your 1 carshare!
Check out this year's Stars of Vanco...
did you see the one of Kate?
BEAUtiful!
wait are the seriously charging 10 to speak to Austin Mahone ?
Finally heading home
Come tonight to Social Graces at the Hingham Derby Shoppes at 5 p.m.
for Boston: Inspirational Women signing.
yes u are that's why u break the rules and watch it at my house
Hey Duane, just wanted to doctorp by and wish you happy birthday.
Which means you're, somehow, even OLDER.
Definitely appreciate it!
I need some guidance.
January 20th its goin down!M3  Hot TV puttin on a show for the whole 409!EON will be performing!!!!
Coming now.
cold front passes through over the weekend clearing things up for Monday  keeping temperatures in the low 50's.
Let's vidchat soon.
I want a virtual tour of your place.
call me foo
Sometimes I wish money didn't have to exist.
It shouldn't have to determine someone's happiness, let alone limit someone from being happy.
: Tuscaloosa , Al here i come!
let's go!
Gonna be tripppppy tonight.
Moral of the Story U may desire 2acquire Power but U better B prepared 2 understand the exoteric and esoteric ramifications of that decision
To spikeyourlawn, you can use anything from spiky shoes, to a lawnspiking tool, whatever works for you
WHY doctorNK AND doctorVE WHEN YOU CAN RIDE AND SURVIVE?
BOOK YOUR NEXT CELEBRATION ABOARD THE OKC PARTY BUS AND HAVE THE TIME OF YOUR LIFE!
My extended commute because sometimes a girl's gotta sing some aggression out.
I should start hosting viewings closer to the series finale.
Lots of fans of Eureka.
Even 
Just heard the news!
Love IS universal....no more living in the past!
Cudos, for moving us forward, nice work0:
biacthh you know its true.
its just our mexican swag.
Open causes confusion: it describes both governments and data.
Are we talking about open or  data?
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Jim Rohn
Breaking Bad just jumped the graphic violence shark.
RT : Celebrate National Absinthe Day with one of these classic absinthe cocktails from !...
ff our client go see her in today or this weekend 
People are acting like they've never seen rain 
In SanDiego today bound for Seaworld !!
Preference for Hispanic or latino?
A: no preference a bit of difference among coasts..
But if have I pick: Hispanic via
thanks!!!
Love u
Gloomy day!
Its Aokay!
DAYGLOW TODAY GET READY
im jealous!
photoshoot for who
is you talking about dean winchester?
333 and if so, that means your tweet the other day was about croatoa?
FUEL reminder on my calendar 2day  Fire up my spirit.
Upgrade my thinking.
Exercise self control.
Lift the people around me!
Facebook is my friend.
Youtube is my voice.
Google is my brain.
I know it doesn't substitute for church but I went and saw casting crowns last nite..so good for the soul!
Reason i love thevoice  the coaches.3333
It was one of those jokes that I needed more like 160 characters to properly articulate.
Yep, I'm blaming the medium.
Hi Jason.....
may I send you a copy of the whole Mwahaha album...
thx again for the spins
congrats diva make it national
i worked at a 1000 bed hospital for 10 years, but now i ride around in my car.
Its not so bad.
another fun day at school!!
If we understand what the extremes are, the middle will take care of itself.
Dan Formosa in Objectified.
NeverTellAGirl she's not worth it.
good ruling on dip: very nasty, gl tid nov9sause shipped
YW!
Really excited about our stay at your Grapevine location next week!
Anybody got a recommendation for an entertainment lawyer who can quickly review a contract?
Philly preferred, but good quality required
I miss
hang in there!
every red light
Scripts, flipping, seems like all this is in your worktext in particular.
agreed.
Side note  gravity :
RT : Great pitching Moyer!
Rockies win
Wisdom is the study of difference.
bgr8now
I'd read a Ben Linus autobiography.
Meeting with our Program Officer for the U.S.
Dept of Education
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
Henry Ford
hanging with at Burbank and Lankershim.
No lines!
I'm on my way lol
English is cancelled again.
Its been cancelled for the past week lol we
theclymb?
they get 2 companies every 5 days or so and have a full line of stuff at 50 or more off then new stuff, free to join
I guess TeleportingDana is a RobotVampireFromTheFuture doing battle with
RT : reinforcing notion of THINKING through architecture  function before coding!
Sux.
Am really surprised.
Heydoing ACE project on univ of 2050any ideas?
haha i just watched it
agreed.
good focus.
10 more to go.
i'm bored of this url already and i wanna change it but i'll wait until TwerkTeamThursday is over
Dont freak out when somebody says ass, its another word for donkey, and its even in the bible too.
Vendor Pricing: Discounts are bundledoctorven or given to early bird adopters ProQuest Webinar
I just got 56 spam msg in the last 5 minutes!!!
hate it...
lol
With a retweet, I rest my case.
Concert actually started already
GOODNIGHT AUSTIN ;
lol wow!
Same here lol getting myself ready for finals and have a summer class  we have to do something after finals.
Music is enough for a lifetime, but a lifetime is not enough for music
Surrey rooftop party followed by jazz at the Carlyle...and now off to opening of doctoram Downtown.
its because u changed ur picture....LOL
Love how everywhere you doctorve in Seattle is a water view!
first thing I saw Americans help congress tax people
Thought youd get a kick outta that :
Great!
RT : Will do at trivia tmister ya: : Have you checked out our new menu items from Chef Stephen Durley?
Marvel made it.
It's called Man Thing.
I though you did :0 but yeah.
I wanna go to the Best Coast concert :
Lord, I beg of you...
Please take the evilous thoughts out of my mind.
I am seeing jail time flashing before my eyes.
This Chocolate 
Happy New Yr dudes!!
See u in a couple weeks!
indiana hates you to!
:p
it might be a good thing in case I ever try to promote to full professorssor.
:
a restaurant .
lolol
Ignorance is no excuse, it's the real thing.
Please Skip.
What else do you expect these guys to say?
That Tebow isn't good?
It's spin Skip.
SPIN
It's become such a cliche.
How do I spice up this dessert?
PUT BACON ON IT.
Even if it is the candy of meats.
RT : Want to try the new Coconut Chocolate Chip CLIF BAR?
RT this any time through the weekend  we'll pick 10 winners at random!
I hate studying for the apush DBQ essay tomorrow, took me an hour just to read through them all...
umpiring later, supposed to rain:
you are mean though, lol
Hey :D
Time to get the golf clubs out and go play some golf!
wierdd..
watched that last night, never gets old
Heading to Vegas for Coach Grazier to meet my parents for the first time!
Gunna be fun!
My husband works for Starbucks and he says yes.
Thanks for the ff
Humbled by you words my dear Dale!
Merry Christmas to you and your family!!
Also, where is your favorite place to order checks?
We are too Aly!
: You'll be by to say hi though right?
yea but the reasons behind it are a different story
great post....
thx 4 sharing.
Didn't know about them!
do it!
It's so good!
I might watch tomorrow, like late morning/early afternoon.
Hey , hit up for ur different color hats.
wonderful.
i RTed.
what u do is imperative.
the vulnerable are often subject 2 abuse  neglect.
if we dnt fight it who will?
Happy Friday the 13th.
very strange, lost the contact Saturday night when I attacked Mitch apparently, waiting for the backup to get mailed here
Thanks!
RT check out Lamill Harbor East re: coffee place
Shout out to in honor of International Women's Day.
Follow them if you don't already!
: It is not the number of friends you have that counts, but the quality you have in those friendships.
Amazing!
She was so wonderful to work with.
But of course!!!
Save a spot on the dance floor for me.
Like Chuck Brown, I feel like busting loose lol.
RT : Don't try 2 win me over w.
cover letter.
I know Y ur sending me ur picture.
Probably not reading the whole thing.
Worry is what happens when we try to play God.
Peace is what happens when we decide to trust God!
scenable we are loving ur social media expertise
im going to sleep , hopefully by the time i wake up i will be on VACATION...
Join the crowd ...
Getting on the plane and actually leaving on time seems like a revolutionarythought these days!
Even after this mild winter, exciting to see signs of spring on the Longwood Mall!
Thank you for the follow!
We're sure you get this a lot, but stay classy, San Diego.

runs across the room jumps over the couch picks up ''Damn, I thought you were someone else..''
Happy New Year and Wishing you all the best for 2011
its not often i get 2 bug u on twitter
you're welcome!
Enjoy your day.
my back hurts so bad all of a sudden.
whatthehelllll?
:S
I really miss Chicago and San Diego...
Lifestyle as Young Adult May Affect Age of Menopause
that shit was awesome.
Being it back.
If you ever need contributors my bro in law and I are season tix holders.
doctorpping RL is way over due!!!
No prob, I'm trying my hardest to get your website where you guys want it to be!
Missing out on edcampss today, but grateful for the chance to speak at the ESF Youth Conference.
Enjoy the day of learning sschat friends
Only time will tell.
Usually, iTunes preorder DLs start around 11:30ish EST.
We'll know in less than 45 minutes for sure.
Hi.
My maryland and Dolphins suck so I have to hate on everyone else
Still went and got even sicker.
Yeah.
I'm the ungrateful bitch.
If I do it again you'll hit me?
Wtf.
Sorry im exhausted and wanted 2 be home
that thing kenzie sent me ?
More Questions About Wumenguan koan 32  That word that Buddha Wouldn't send the Outsider: Was it verb or noun?
done what?
of course!
showed me all the good sites!
hey jumpy how you been?
Are you coming to florida super con or do I have to go to anime expo?
Growing collections of Wikipedia articles are available as spoken word recordings
Just got off stage and did my piece  I KILLED IT!!!!
Dining alone can be really relaxing!
Ha!
Creepy.
CAN YOU PLESE WISH GOOD LUCK AT HER CHEER COMPETITION ON SUNDAY?!?!?
I LOVE YOU BABE
Great app.
: Now, only 2 days left for Donation sale.
Pray for Japan
I don't have news access, but scholar is definitely faster if I just want to read a case
Have fun at SXSW everyone!
Wish We Were There...
Next year!
Im never satisfied with my twitcon.
BTW North Carolina, as my brilliant friend Kwame reminds me, imperial projects love monogamous marriage.
So I'm still not surprised.
Tweet about something other than my books?
Like...uh, what?
Getting tired of arbitrarily slowing down my data speeds
Most people would rather stare at a mechanical reproduction than view a work of art.
Poor Walter Benjamin.
The chemical composition of Seaweed is so close to human blood plasma,their greatest Benefit is regulating Purifying our blood system.
god im in love with this kid at school he so...
hot he so sexy and sweet and perfect
Audience keeps underestimating students' study time  college expectations.
Why are we surprised students have high expectations?
I'm not mad that was an entertaining game.
Congrats on your regular season championship.
If clubs offered designated doctorvers deals like Free or discounted admission, sodas, Etc...
There would be a lot less DUI'S and accidents!!
My friends and I are the type that if the house was on fire, wed be making smores and hitting on the firemen.
Looking forward to brunch with Trevor at noon!
imabe workin' workin'!
Tweetout the fun info for me though!
had it a few times, it's meh, bacon isn't great, can't really taste the shack sauce, and it's not as juicy and just
You're not supposed to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality.
Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or who says it.
Jazz Jam Monday at the Chatterbox Jazz Club, Indianapolis  Live Jazz Music 8p.m.
11 p.m.
I have 2 long haired chihuahuas.
Ginger and Jesse.
They are the best!!!!
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to professort from them, and strong enough to correct them.
John C.
Maxwell
fire in the hole
have you thrown out pitch down here in Baltimore?
Hope rain holds off for ya
yeah, I don't want huge change, but the 'Hawks unis aren't doctorstic changes either.
Small updates ok with me.
IWillFollow because I will is a commitment to action, and there's plenty of action in The Game and Change 4 da better.
BackInElementarySchool i had a bestfriend name Genie and Janelle...we had power puff girl jeans
NBA championship should be only out of 3 games that way Lebron doesn't have to play the 4th.
FF b/c everyone needs a fancy bike  it's good for the earth.
b/c she rides her bike to work everyday in Amsterdam
no problem bitch.
Just delete this account before austin see's it.
Ur starting doctorma!
Olympus Shareholder Meeting Turns Into Surprise Party
Link is not working!
Besides your titties, what else do you have to offer?
Waited seventeen months for that theme song and these fantastic characters.
Not the way i like it
I think psychologists come up with new disorders just to expand their market.
Fall is a great time to install new plant material  let us help you with all your landscape installation and maintenance needs!
WOO!
I'm so groovy that I dig me!
Night baby i love you 
Just stayed after school for 2 hours to talk to mister Young and Alex....
Seriously my favorite teacher in the world.
New country South Sudan already has a national anthem!
It took roughly 137 years for the StarSpangled Banner to be officially recognized!
Oh wow, the Clippers/Grizzlies game is on TNT Overtime online!
Guess I know what I'm doing for the next 30 minutes.
What's everyone doing today
There should be more commercials/shows/movies with Just sayin.
Wish I was in the Mo right now
.
As a constituent, Im asking you to stand up for students and keep their interest rates low.
Get well soon, RemDawg!
Gotta love south park night
ok,i'm off twitter!See ya:
Erik's pressure is down from from 54 to 26, praise the Lord, keep praying!
It needs to be below 20.
It is always funny to me at how small this world is socially  especially with our expansive use of the interwebz.
Thank you!
Go to Musee D'Orsay for early works of Monet, etc!
I also studied French 2 write CLAUDE  CAMILLE: A NOVEL OF MONET
what the hell is a sugar glider?
is that a sex thing?
Love your vids: Follow me please!!??3
Tesla banks on low factory outlays in doctorve to professorts Holding down costs at a refurbished California plant is crucial to the success of
4 out of 5 dentists recommend Robin Hood: The Game over Candyland.
we have some great friends in festival  !
I'm sure there will be some great collaborations!
Man, those guys at were blowing up my twitters today!
Good work, gents!
Keep helping us out and answer the few questions we have on our Wall.
We'll have some official news soon!
Somebody actually put ZZ Tops on our concert calendar.
Good God.
hey at least he ain't Pilipino otherwise you would prolly be afraid to talk to him
little d!
i'm coming to see you in one week!
i'msoexcited ijustcan'thideit
RIP Dick Clark.
My new years will never be the same.
Popeyes is almost built in Springfield on Glenstone!
there's a white truck outside my house, maybe that guy is a spy O.O LOOL.
Even more good stuff in Ballard tonight: Planned Parenthood benefit show
: RT Rashard Lewis just scored his 15,000th career point.
That's about 8K per point, congratsthanks
Joan Baez: action is the antidote to despair.
We can help you learn how to create an online business is that's the action you need to make
i love GA too, i am obsessed.
I watch whenever possible.
I've not been using TagMan, but Ave Wrigley is the CTO, and another exITN programmer, Alex Howarth, also works there.
should name it hope for the holidays .
3
Do you think that Google  will actually be able to dethrone the established Facebook in 2012?
Happy 100th Anniversary to our partners at the Girl Scouts.
Heres to making another 100 years of history with you all!
If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy and inspires your hopes.
Andoctorw Carnegie
thanks for the follow back:
And sidebar: can we call it marriage equality and not samesex marriage?
December 10th 7:30PM  Kevin  Chris Twisted Christmas Music Extravaganza, Knights of Columbus Hall 732 Badger Avenue
: hey there sexy need a place to stay?!
we have an extra room!
miss me some kara : miss you more :
i'm on the home page again!
yay!!
: Best New Restaurant award goes to Next.
Thanks to everyone who voted in this year's awards!
TOCEatOutAwards
SoCal friends!
Come out for at Toby Keith's I Love This Bar  Grill in Rancho Cucamonga at 5pm on Sun
making my manager watch never say never im turning him into a belieber
THX!
And vice versa of course!
What would my misterotGuy think if he came down the hallway and saw me doing a Tebow kneel at my computer screen?
want to be on my top?
ask...
CForce working on his QB Mechanic's daily with Marv Marinovich in Orange County.
So amazing!
Edu  Museum should: Visual, Multidisciplinary, critical thinking  problem solving, uses tech, provide choices
thank u 4 the followback!
new website will be up soon!
i got great scissors and the best sharpening!
call text or tweet!
:
Lovely dinner at the Columbia University Club of New York.
Being called a piece of shit hurts...but being called a liar hurts even more.
Girls yall are all beautiful 3 no matter what;
no but I also need psychiatric help.
Yay rubber rooms :
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year and the very Best for 2012!
Why do Arsenal keep bloody losing !
I enjoyed your most recent blog post.
Good stuff!
Bias?
I think someone's just upset :
Maybe it's you?
I've just been having a hard time and all.
personal issues.
and hahaha3 where do I sit?
: I feel really wierd wearing sandals to school My feet are all open and shit LOL OMG.
Idk why I'm laughing so hard.
RT : Track E: notes kids are learning leaders and flexibility is key.
Game of Thrones tonight!
bar recommendations for Sunday night in wilmington?
haha I'm sleepy too, but that's cause I just woke up
Skateboarding  everything
ICONicBoyzOnEllen3 Make There doctorams Come True!
Have the Boyz On Ellen!
They Are Amazing Dancers.
Look Them Up:
At least it's for a good cause...
because is coming straight to DVD there wont be an official trailer release for it.
Be sure you pick up a copy!
9/18/44: 2,350 deportees from the Lodz ghetto, including many childoctorn ages 13 to 16, were killed in the gas chambers of Auschwitz
Remember that you can live without them!
The state of California has more 7Eleven stores than any other state
Have you looked at scholarships?
They probably have a lot of film scholarships out there.
When is Hootsuite going to finally support G for all users?
Seriously, how long does it take?
I think my cuzin is so cool...I always wanted to be like u when I grew up...still climbing...lol ur do fly..: nite
FOLLOW!
NOW!
Slowly deep cleaning my entire apartment while watching E!
When I post this vid in 2 min..
It'll be my 30th YouTube vid..
I've wanted to get there for a while..
So...
Cool.
Chemical spill at El Cajon and Park.
Someone mentioned mercury.
make sure you know how to do it yourself before you ask someone else to do it in your business via
do you think im awkward Ed?
Do you think I'm soft Ed?
Cuz ive been to all 3.!
Sounds about right.
RT : Can I bring up the subject of digital storage?
Everyone groans.
9RoundMinute: 20 Alternating Front Lunges paired with 20 Squat Kicks!
Don't stop, get itget it!!
RT No better way to celebrate life and all of creation: Get up in the morning and shake that ass.
So, truly turned me into a serious couch potato tonight!GreysAnatomy,
I should be pissed ....
but I find it hard to be.
Casting my vote for booking in Dec.
Awesome author from Richmond, VA!!
You rock.
It's much harder to get folks to show up when the weather's nice!
Last week's didn't even sell out!
:O
when you compress a file...it has a baby
Omg so you think you can dance May 24.
Yes yes yes!
In 26 minutes I found a tenant to sublet my apt in west village newyorkminute wow
I can't not love you...
follow .
she follows back!!
:xoxo
Burnt 300 Cals yesterday for 27 mins : Tomorrow back to the gym and Saturday 
I'm only ok with it because their fans were really cool at the WC.
Official hashtag?
We're touting thatcamp games but will also search thatcampgames.
The former lets us add to the general thatcamp feed.
Bring Back Ringer 17
Perfect!
The family misses you!
:
Dem Tom Barrett on Gov.
Walker's newly released positive jobs numbers: I have absolutely no idea whether these numbers are accurate.
Can't wait to see your big wonderful smile on DWTS !
: Go Pack Go!
I'd take a better look at that crowd.
WWII vets, librarians, plumbers..
To decide they're all hippies, well, you're wrong.
it amazes me how immature people are!
That awkward moment when I went on the computer to print an assignment, and ended up recording my own version of Rue's Lullaby instead...
Not to mention he has retractable blades that he could of cut himself free.
Just sayin'.
Sorry, I'm quite taken aback by those photos, and when balanced against people standing in lines for constant upgrades...
I know the feeling :/
your the best:
Yall better hurry to It aint to late and we still getting it in til 12a
Is this the follow up to Beef Week?
Have you ever been on a haunted ship before?
Let us know which one.
A conflict begins and ends in the hearts and minds of people, not in the hilltops.
what's your  again?
Hey Cody!
Start tweeting how you did at the events.
They don't update the PBR site fast enough.
Good luck tonight!
whenitwascoolto thinking im famous and writing down my signature lmao.
psh I'm
Beverly Hills leaders, you do not speak for me.
a BH resident at Metro rally.
noticed u can read anything offensive but if they put this after its like...
O theyre laughing wit their tongue out...its cool LOL!
I must see this picture too!
I love funny ass movies
does he have one or both of those?
if he does, u could get him a video game.
Best state hockey tourney in years!
Everyone loves the stateofhockey!
Having a leadership position doesn't make you a leader
doctoram a little doctoram 
Learning about school food in a session led by the always wonderful Jessica Donze Black.
Healthy school food is so vital!
Thank You!
I hope to have shirts made within the next month.
I will let everyone know 
Repair estimated by 3pm..
But last night they got most people back on within about an hour.
Good on ya, you really needed to tame that frohawk
sacscoc Infrastructure matters!
Technical support is required.
Why are you playing in a bar?!
I wanna come see you guys!
You better play at a venue I can come to!
Perry's presidential agenda must be important to Dew.
He called for Senate session to hear Sonogram this Thursday.
scratch insatiable off your mnleg bingo cards
I tell em: You like me, you'll love us.
In yes we trust!
if i dont see you next to my tree, in that suit tomorrow...i will cry3
hope To cya in Arizona and maryland!:I'm going for my birthday...can't wait!
Thank You Abby it's delightful to hear from you, everything is good!
so happy you like the collection XO Cindy
Graphic Design can make or break your marketing material!
Check out or products and rates they can't be beat!
finally got our voices back from pirate weekend.
time to get ready for a few more summer parties then Monty's krown
Is it wrong to blow the guy at QT for a pack a cigarettes?
Probably, but if all else fails.
I hate hanging out with because bops love huge black dudes
OMG RT : BY 2 GEMS THEY MEAN HIS BALLS.
I'm still in Wacksonville Paulie.
I gotta take care of things before I could leave :
MT ...
I time my doctornken blackouts to occur simultaneously with all the stupid shit I do.
Don't miss Evan Christian performing tonight at 6pm!
Also 1/2 price tacos
Kobe sick as fuck
Coburn on Daily show: Lies about Medicare at first, then says taxes will have to be raised.
So not completely insane.
It might be stormy now but it can't rain forever.
What No ...
Did You Click The Link??.
By swallowing evil words unsaid, no one has ever harmed his stomach.
Winston Churchill
thanks, love the idea of giving a dog raised in a puppy mill environment a second chance
More than one of every ten Americans suffer from chronic, disabling conditions that cause limitations and decreased quality of life.
cordless power doctorll
Awesome pic!
Thanks for coming out to see us!
Vacated the office to avoid being stuck in the RVA Grand Illumination.
Call me Scrooge...
needs to learn how to tweet...
: I said I'm over you.
But every time my phone vibrates, my heart still wishes it's a text from you.
Thanks.
now I have TWO weeks of stress coming up!!
let's see who they play
either of you want to talk me off of the ledge?
I remember the day I got to see it was perfect.
Thank You :D
lol, my friend is the one that's tryna make me go .
Everything I said was RE: your use of Twitter.
Your artistic accomplishments are great, and NOT at issue.
Welcome to Dallas.
Please be more vocal about this.
Also, he's a terrible Fantasy Football doctorfter.
No but for real though, summer needs to hurry up.
So glad yesterday was my last day of high school
I might go to the club tonight and see if I can bring a girl home.
3
Hello Bst 2 u FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Call me.
Fuck this maybe shit.
I am a hostage to my own humanity.
Good.
Unecessary for us to break fellowship with him then...but keep your eye on him.
Fun stuff!
RT : So excited for Tweet Seat Nite!
Starting at 7:30pm follow tweetmct for our tweeters' thoughts about BUS STOP!
Prettylittlethings was funded by generous donations from over 200 individuals and families.
Words mean NOTHING unless you put action behind them!
I am starting a campaign to make the next Bachelor.
Who is with me?
I changed my username so instead of it's now just lettin' ya know.
:
ME EITHER!!!
Hi, I'm an astronaut and I'm here to explore Uranus ;
Ah I just saw your note!
Thanks for the bday wishes...we WILL get together soon!
3
Reading a book about the trends in swimwear fashion during the last century, and how it affects what we wear on the beach today.
Another former TCL guest...love Thompson Square!!
They r a great couple with such a unique music style.
Show today!
:D We go on at 10pm Main stage!
Be there!
Let's have some fun :
we should see more of these stories covered
Foreverfly they mad cuz they can't beat us or join us
Meek Mill is nice but he does sound the same every damn time...
Definition of Mom: If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
John Quincy Adams
I finally figured out how to get it to connect to the internet!
Laptops all mine!
:
Play the game!!!
I cried
I cut almost 1 minute of my 5k time, without any running, in 3 months.
bomb threat at club hillman?
NOW IT'S PERSONAL.
THAT PLACE WAS MY SANCTUARY.
depends on what youre looking to do.
Its gay pride weekend so Im playing Saturday in Chelsea, and Sunday afternoon in midtown
Tax code concerns at the end of the year could cause people to save more and spend less
who did you see?
One complaint of brutality, inappropriate arrest, legal observer and reporter arrested, but went smoother than last night
So!
Today was halfday.
And now I'm bored.
D: I know I'm not interesting.
Sadly I'm a loner.
:P
hcsm T1  resident docs should get comfy w/ social media before graduating ...
at LEAST BLOGGING!
lol another man bitch on the lose?
I bee in tha trap
He got that super bass
The music in Lord of the Rings is unrivaled besides Star Wars of course
For some reason I expected this to involve letters from dead authors out of archives....
You sneeze like a bitch.
the only season of that i for into was the one w/ Kimbo Slice.
First paragraph: You were in NY again and didn't say anything?
Other paragraphs: Oh, wait, you were super busy, never mind.
Far Rockaway Queens NY
That guy obviously loves the cock...
I hate flakes
No way.
I'm just crazy about nuts!
Salsafied!!!
Put it in Cruz control!
haha!
I had a great time!
Just Ah Regular Ass Hood Bitch!
Ugh i just spilled my Coke .
Made it to BWI entirly too early...
Here goes that Boston Bullshhhhh!!
Turner shouldve slammed KG on his fuxing head!
I always knew you were a bad boy, I used to think that it was cool.
just walked from WAMO to WASO.
Hot day.
Lots of tourists.
Congratulations to our seniors that are about to walk across the stage and receive their degrees!
prague zoo has hippos.
found where i'm going to be for the next 18 days.
Awh, dont be afraid!
Just be yourself!
It was great!
Just tiring:/ trying to relax.
how about yours?
Up in Northern WI giving a presentation on social media.
Sad to be missing BrewersSMIS, but hope everyone in attendance has a great time!
Chillen outside my house.
Forget tmister.
He ain't getting the game.
I'm not taking him all the way out to the mall when he can't even give up the living room one night.
If you are just safe about the choices you make, you don't grow.
Heath Ledger
Life is about sacrifice, this new generation doesn't have a clue.
Things are well lil bro!
We're about to shoot another music video.
Good things coming fam.
Stay blessed
Such a beautiful day!
Why do I have to be in this freezing hospital!?
Jesus the reason for the season.
Let's give thanks..........,
How often do you AOF?
Everything reminds me of the boys and when someone says direction they make me think about them so much more.
Its funny how my friends have guys lining up to be with them and well with me you see no one.
Pendulum swinging back towards print books?!
Miggy Cabrera just took a ball to the eye...
Dudes defense is horrible can't even protect His own face let alone third base
Be a voice for atrisk childoctorn.
Urge your community leaders to support programs and services that help strengthen families
have fun  that sounds like a great night to me!
Um, it looks like charges for in flight movies now.
If this is the case, I'm not flying them anymore.
I'm really hoping Austin comes to New York.3
: every moment you are given an opportunity, and at every moment you have a choice to see it that way.
Thanks BT  always inspiring!
Advertising is totally unnecessary.
Unless you hope to make money.
Jef I.
Richards
Hey GOP!
Better watch out!
Keep pissing women off and it'll cost you in November!
HINT: WE VOTE We'veComeAlongWayBaby!
Retweeted that last quote mainly because Audoctory Hepburn is credited as saying it.
And Audoctory H is my absolute FAVORITE!
It's 3:45pm and I've just crawled into bed.
Good...
afternoon, I suppose.
I can't believe that bike thief video.
Incredible!
Change your twitter handle to HairyActress
Le Torte Darthur
I really think the best way for Michael Vick to fully restore his image is to date Sarah Mclaughlin.
I hate washing clothes.
Have I told you lately how much I love ?
How did I survive my demos with it?
: Fletcher Cox will wear No.
91 I feel a twitter name change.
Some guy on Mill just blew a fuse because nobody would tell him what was up!
not even tiredd foreal, but imma go to sleep in a few !
Happy Mother's Day to the best mom a girl could ask for!
Sure we argue, but it's only because I'm just like you!
Love you always!
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands.
One for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
You're hanging your hat on waterboarding.
Is that all you got.
Ha Ha HaHaHaHaHaHaHaHa You are UNAMERICAN
For my birthday this year im renting a limo and rolling into the city!
I wonder whose coming with me!!!??????
Stay hungry, stay foolish.
Well, it's over USA.
Sigh.
happy to see you here!
bacck to the money
Only 3.
He'd have to sit out a yr in ACC.
RT UW has guaranteed game vs 4 ACC opponents during Uthoff's college career.
Great SEO discussion this morning  Looking forward to next week ; 
okay  everything's cool.
okay?
you make no sense.
okayy  i don't care.
okay..
you're creepy.
okay.
i'm pissed off.
Thursday here we come!
Thank you doctornk Dude.
I appreciate you taking the time to explain Exit Through the Gift Shop to me.
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
I agree need more video of captainPhil cooking
Thanks for the Retweet
Oh NO!
That video did not pass the breakfast test!
Will edit next time.
:
I can share what I've used...sign onto Skype and we can do a video call.
:
a broolyn reunion is definitely in order gents.
till then, its been a tremedous pleasure...
Christ, I'll take a band with leather pants over a band that reads music any day.
Reads music?!?!
Bruce Hornsby  Slayer?!?!
i wish i had a mom that would actually listen to me  understand me.
but my mom just yells at me all the freaking time..
Yay!
Thank you!
I'm generally with you, but this guy really stood out in their bowl game.
They highlighted him and I paid attention.
Whats going on with Kony Uganda?
I'll.just borrow money from my younger sister; lol
great, another Reply All shit show
Everimpressed by the quiet devotion, smarts,  goodwill of the Emory Library staff who are building  supporting
With the 78th pick in the FSWA FantasyBaseball Experts doctorft I went with : J.
Papelbon
thanks my man!!
he got all these damn foreign ass people writing me now.
something have to give
Introducing my friend  fellow crazy person :
I'm number 2 on the ReverbNation Hip Hop charts for COLUMBUS, OH.
//// happy new year 2 all of fb nation get your swag on a million like me
me too xD
i will when i get on fb
me to ima guy and i love tht show
Cathy needs to grow up..
Farewell, Texas!
I am indeed still in one piecemy twisted sense of humor is awfully intact  my Outlandish mind is always planning!
So no worries out there!
Before you spend the money to get it on the Radio make sure you spend the time to KEEP IT THERE
Abraham Lewins Warsaw ghetto diary, 8/23/1942: In Falencia the Jews tried to resist the Germans and they were slaughtered.
I'm going to start one once I figure out how to offload my excess griffins.
Such tempers.
The emus of the fantasy animals.
so much shit to do today
blood for her hemmorage.
She told him after he pulled Elena out of the water thinking she was dead.
That makes the scene...
thank you so much!
Happy Cinco de Mayo to yourself.
doctornking many margaritas today?
Don't know why, but my twitter app isn't notifying me of mentions or DMs correctly.
If it takes me a minute to reply, please forgive.
:3
Lol classic nerd backtrack
Rumor has it that tomorrow will be day 3 of snowmageddon 2011.
Which will go first?
My liver or my sanity?
If I tell you I admire and like and respect you, will you please get subject  verb right on occasion?
cant wait bitchezzzzzzz
Schedule an appointment today or tomorrow and save 10 on the office call!!!!
Please metion this tweet when scheduling your appointment.
They look like you!
Yes, we all agree!
MT : Sometimes Twitter's reply makes it confusing as to who said what ...
very similar to my life.
Though I'm packing instead.
Not looking forward to unpacking...
Not tlking abt story so much as Dems falling over selves apologizing instead of pointing out 95 of SAHmoms worked before
Oh shut it doctorw you are way passed me on this train
speed boat....
ALREADY
Have you done a FunFinder event and loved it?
Share your experience with us, we'd love to hear it!!
Has anybody read 50 Shades of Grey?
Help this girl out  wants to be a goldengirl for the mizzou tigers3
:/ Aww damn.
No fun.
For sure though.
We wish you could make it but we understand..
next show for sure!!
agree completely : Yup.
RT : Know whats worse than the junior announcers?
Nothing.
Wild Things down 114 in the bottom of the 8th
Excited about a new wine venture...stay tuned.
I really enjoy Sleep Again...
So underrated.
Finish the 'Best Seller' I've been working on for two years, donate a generous  to the causes I support, promote awareness
We need the churches, business men, the factory workers, the artists, the gays, the nerds, who ever...no exclusion.
Hollywood.
Tonite We are Filming Reality SHOW DEMOS.
SO HOLLYWOOD.
We ARE A NEW ERA OF BUSINESS MEN.
Hell of a play tonight!
Not a Reds fan but I watch all the games I can just to see you glove it up the middle!
They call me Tooth Pick
oh I so wanna get that!
Today's thought: There's no point at which you can say, 'Well, I'm successful now.
I might as well take a nap.' C.
Fisher
RT : ARTISTS WHO WANT A SPOT IN OUR NEW MAGAZINE ISSUE FT TPAIN's GROUP ONE CHANCE?
HIT US .
Yeah, www.pinksick.com
My Eating Tour of the Eastern Seaboard is now in jeopardy
Thanks for the follow and hanging with The Blend!
How was Houston?
What a load of crap ; RT Signs in stalls at work: All work  no play makes you a crap creative.My response sign:So do puns.
in a very projectile way :
happy bday :
it would be worse fit the movers!
Thanks for the follow!
Out now from : Who's Afraid of Frances Fox Piven?
The Essential Writings of the professorssor Glenn Beck Loves to Hate.
were two hearts, but with one beat, were to brain, but with one thought, were two souls but with one.....uh shoe.
I'm going to add another thing to the list that needs fixed on the truck...
THE HORN!!!!
oncmeeting put the patient in the center
gonna go wash ma moms car, get ma hair done, shopping, movies, and then party ;.....too much to do and little time in my hands, yikes !
Approx.
how many people do you think were at the meeting last night?
Can acupuncture help relieve stress?
we can take it to the streets.
FREE cheesy bread w/ pizza purchase at !
Only w/ a
Attention Parents: don't take offense when I say no thank u to ur kid.
I just inhaled my last fish taco from last night dinner
If you ran like you run your Mouth everyone would be in shape !!!!
: Call me.
Fuck this maybe shit.
Get home and to sleep so you can do the high school thing tonight!!
OH, and stop and pick up EmergenC at the doctorg store.
Loving the energy this morning in the ticket line!
So exciting!
Can't wait for byu vs.
We miss YOU!
Love it when ARoid looks like a Fool!!!
It's Tool Time!!!
doctornking until I blackout
Just left a fab meeting I love the fact that this globallyrenowned landscape and urban designer is reading The Hunger Games.
I got you.
Shanquia Garcia,salon owner, answers your most pressing hair questions 2 keep your hair healthy  looking fabulous.Tweet your questions now
Family Guy is hilarious
Met w/ staffer from Sen Skelos office about DVSJA which would expand judical descretion on sentencing incarcerated victims of DV.
Blackshear was a pleasant surprise tonight Kyle had problems with the uk length again
Gratitude RT : i was just reading intro to a thousand faces where you mention her.
coincidental and sad.
Hey Kathy how ya been, hope 2012 is treating you well.
Unity is doing some great stuff coming up!
I wonder who that's about......
Lol
10/24 on Oscar picks.
I definitely did not win the office pool.
Yes call me at 247.0205
Oh you blocked me from seeing anything of yours on Facebook yet we're still friends, what is this China?
RT : No true Christian is his own man John Calvin
Seau inspires a reminder: Mental illness is not a weakness; it is a torturous, disorienting ordeal  one that the sufferer did not request.
Caps announcers should stop with the whole McQuaid turned at the last second crap.
You leave your feet, you leave the game!
Just threw the new Starbucks coffee in the trash at the end of the doctorvethru, leaving the old one in the cup holder that's called focus.
sure beats a mouse or a bird lol!
That was awesome!
Who is excited for TheVoice tonight?
Part I or II Season Finale!
Go
: Oh yeah, Conda's a role model alright, for vapid bitches who live to hear themselves talk stir up pointless bullshit.
BL13
Quick Twitter survey  Youth Lagoon: boring or MOST boring album?
ive been voting for an hour....do i deserve a follow back....guess not since you guys dont see my tweets..no harm in trying
both countries  mine and yours.

If you don't fight for what you want, don't cry for what you lost.
Steve jobs is dead?!?!?!?
Awesome half time show!
Come down to Karma for the second half, we're just getting warned up!!!
Word.: Not one tea partier assaulted a cop, threw urine bombs, feces, raped, or vandalized anything today, or ever for that matter.
Randy Foye, you silly goose...where's the court awareness?
Ha!
Is the bar owner anyone we know?
should have another party!
If someone convinces her ill love them forever.
You have 2 choices: be real with me, or don't fck with me.
SIMPLE!
Hey there Liezel, its Tara from Afar magazine looking to use some of your photos of A 1000 Tales in our next issue.
That nigga nasty...
today's the big day my mans!!!!
And I wonder if that has something to do with him being in WV.
Very nice!
How exciting!
u will burping it if you take too much...
the libs love our rights when it suits them don't they....
oomf takes forever to text me back ugh
email from email used at sign up.
Use subject BOOMER.
We'll send tix by noon.
Obama has made a decision not really about samesex marriage but more about fatting the campaign wallet.
HELP!
Need a new follower fast.
Not a fan of the 666...
Weston has banned nightclubs, dance halls and skating rinks within city limits
If youre looking to start a new career, you probably want to choose one that is successful and one that will allow you to help others
Happy HUMP day everyone!!!
Calling me out...it's ok, he is from Arkansas after all...
3 of snow Rio Rancho, NM 87144 northern Meadows area
I ran n hid under my covers.
Then fucked up n poked myself in the eye.
Smh lmao
Carriers chose to make Andoctorid less competitive; IaaS problems seem due to economy of scale than shortsighted milking
Is it really that bad to wash your hair everyday?
But then again, I take showers everyday.
Wtf.
Asdfghjkl confused.
that movie was awesome!!!
Possibly insane to do.
If it were a week night I would say no.
But we've been so engaged in this I think it might be worth it.
no worries..
not creepinn'
Brignac strikes out three of four batters for the second consecutive inning to keep the Cajuns in the lead 10.
GoodMorning even tho I haven't been to sleep.
Looking forward to presenting the Global Inspiration Collection with the team at the International Beauty Show in New York
Is that a LADDER?
oh aight shyt ill just hit u later then crip
You say pizza, you mean sushi
Thank you for getting the word out there about the Fazzino RIDE!
Lmao oh girl had her a FRESH pair of KSwiss she thought she was ON!
Lmao
I Know right!
I want Either 8 Flavahz or Mos Wanted to win...
but, as you said, no clear winner yet 
Dinner Time With my Wife  Gloria's Cocina Mexicana
RT : Whatever you do, do not try  get wiunion or wirecall trending.
Under no circumstances should you retweet this.
Watching Blade Runner.
It is amazing how many scifi movies/books did not predict cell phones.
Congrats on the Colorado win!
Thanks for checking in last night.
Let us know if you need anything.
R.S.
Attending the AWM Diversity Symposium.
One of our reference librarians just did a cartwheel on the library floor.
I'm damn impressed.

Let me hear you picks today..
I say Jets, Dallas, Atlanta, KC, SF, Raiders, New England and Pit What about the PACKERS?
:
both!!
How is school going?!
Xoxo
Even if the Aztecs win their last two games and finish 84, after tonights embarrassment, they don't deserve to go to a bowl game.
Fuck it, goodnight!
Played first game of stratomatic baseball with c.
Very fun for both of us.
Waiting for 4 publications to come out!!
Can't wait to share!
I was thrown off a bit by Jon Hamm.
Umph.
I'm quite excited.
Great presentation today from B.
Follow them now.
great hockey game to watch with my mama.
go and happy mother's day!
YES!!
And it should be released right in time for my bday :
quit school.
listen to our record instead
Lmao RT Did anyone else see that stare down between Floyd Mayweather and Miguel Cotto?
I'm so bored:
Yes, but with a harder task the SNC in Syria needed to be even better than the NTC was in Libya, not worse.
Throw Them 's Up For The Bean
Looking at mw2011 schedule  geolocation, AR, and linked data all at the same time on Thurs?
Oh the tough decisions!
Damn everybody in their feelins today
Fuck you, Heat.
haha when?
i've moved like three times.
i like that plan!
JUSTIN BIEBER.
OhEmGee.
nope not yet but i just could not remember the password to save my life
Bah'u'llh  Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Yikes.
Not quite the best splash page image for a school in the South known for sometimes having issues.
it's offical...
i'm obsessed with E.T by katy perry, : love her!
Once again I am broke.
Come on Friday, I need to get paid again!
love my Sister
actually, your paintings are fantastic.
I will be in touch with you!
There is no greater gift than 'giving back'changing the world through the light of positive change.
THANK YOU!
WeWontWorkOutIf you constantly lie
Tsk tsk timewarner cable.
You missed your appointment window.
I wonder if the uverse team wants a call?
So You Think You misterFunny Guy?
Dont Make Me Break Yo Kevin Hart Boy
Chung showing chart on anatomy of discovery for Power of Habit on Lots of elements contrib to success.
Fascinating.
I shoulda ran over your feet....
Yeah, slow and scared of the wall is not a good combination for outfield defense.
how much!
my girl
No I won't be silenced nigga
this time next year we'll be enemies
R.I.P momma gibbs /3 she'll be in our prayers 3
Murphy's.
Hands down.
I don't wanna go to school :
I understand, trying to explain over and over gets very tiresome.
I eagerly await your reasoning.
:
Good watching hoop it up today.
Definitely schooled and I.
Haha!
Im goin to suprise her with strawberries dipped in chocolate!
I just got 25 off at Papa John's!
Get the ChevyGameTime app for your chance to win Chevys and other prizes this
damn son, gotta keep them meatlessfridays for lent.
its all about Mcdonald's buy 1 get 1 free filletofish
yes!
Century Tree EP is available on iTunes right now
have a great day!
my Squad
everyone's doing it!
Ah nice!
Very cool :
When rappers say we had to come from overseas on this one!
I wonder where, specifically they HAD to come from.
Magic spells have worn.
The doctoram has died.
On WreckingBall, delivers an equal parts soaring and sobering state of the union.
thank you!
:
You always have to smile for life, even in the worst days.
I'm bored
and did you buy flash, or use a free version or something?
Sore throat/3
Your Beautiful 3
then let's move
damn,you aint the only one that said that what being cuffed gotta do with it,
watching weather hoping it doesn't rain.
whats up chicks ?
:
Dam school again!?!
I'm already following her can I DM you my message
Rocky had a warmer personality and more humility
Taking Spencer home...
:
followed you fellow brit fan!
3
Just going to lay low ;
Check out our new story about public officials violating the public trust!
Corruption and politics?
Sounds like a movie in the making...
JIm Calhoun looks awful
This ustream was soo worth the wait after soo long!
it was so GRAND!!!
Email supportbellycardcom and we'll help you out!
Weather like this isnt going to freeze the tundoctor packers www.allwidoiswin.com
If god himself could bless me with wings, lol
Bailey out with a thumb injury, 4 starter Dubront, 5 starter Bard.
Aceves/Melancon  Who's your closer?
Want your rescue group to have their own private label coffee?
Ask us how!
nowplaying Parliament Up for the Down Stroke
I'll let you know son!
I am just a Lit shit in a toilet bowl full of of big turds!!!
I love my weird life.
I knew it was just a Front...
huh?
lol call me
width.x
Album Of The Year  Faith No More
Slutty zombie only comes out at night.
aah tired of lookin at tits on my TL so goodnight pervs!;
Make that !
When I hear about you I wonder do you think ppl really like you
Adele's got an amazing voice.
trash talking little kids on mw3 with my mommy 
Late for work  again.
Whoops!
but if you think about all that niall consumes it comes with liquid which means he must pee quite frequently lol
Upcoming voter poetry slam on October 29, 2010.
Sponsored by Voter Assistance Commission.
Oh iSwear The World Better Prepare For When iM A Billionaire :
God my mentions just blew up!
Hahaha
As I have said many a time this year, the Umps suck league wide.
get it together.
oh my god legit loved that song!
still do hahah
listening to embrace the martian and thinking of and
haha!
now he is running around the house saying  wanna met dwanie dwanie dwanie he is adorable!
hehe u have a new fan!??3
Well that's a surprisingly smallscale perspective.
Looking fwd 2 your tweets.
Your Big Day will come  the perfect time :
Mad ass hell I locked my keys in my car and these fuckers taking all day
always makes my day...or night:D
Oh you again, my beloved...I'm still waiting to have you...
haha sweet.
Well if not a job, i'll hopefully be up there for a visit!
Still trying to shake off these grammy nightmares..
arrgggh
Tech savy Teriyaki Burger....with spicy fries and a coke please!
Fuse lunch is looking great!
there's a cocktail umbrella in my underwear, you guys.
Don't send me that link to prove your facts.
I won' t read it.
follow me pa guys !
pls ..
for the sake of arts ...
tnx ..
I am just peachy thanks for asking and yourself?
why won't my nu email open?
am i the only one having problems?
Don't want my opinion?
Unfollow me.
I appreciate Brewer fans Passion, but the way they turn on certain players the treat others like gold amazes me
Just knocked out a 5 mile run.
Feeling good
and if that's not clear enough
Cheap Prescriptions  Savings up to 55  Winn Dixie  VIAGRA 
Good times at Full Throttle Saloon til Thunder filled the dakota sky, reminding riders they aren't the only force to be reckoned with.
Can't remember if you saw three eps or not, but I have a feeling the second will not swivel that 90 around.
congrats on I deferred a public policy program for one more year of teaching.
I think I am crazy.
Make a Wish Everyone!!!
Today is November 11th of 2011 and I'm posting at 11:11AM!!!
Let's celebrate the number 11!
Hanging out with jade the best neighbor ever, arizona tea and watching mysteries  awesome saturday :
so how old are u?
Thanks Ricky, it was a great walk.
First 2012 at 9pm.
It was very quiet RT : The weather is perfect.
Have fun!
I was raised by all women still don't think like chick or care to.
Be good luck on tht
When you set your ways at a young age it means you are
You have that touch in a girls heat :/
she wax it all off..
mistermiyagi
Our pleasure!
no  thank you you 2 are the best!!
love from south florida
On the phone with from DESIGNERS WE NEED YOUR SYMBOLS!
If you signed up, PLEASE submit your design ASAP!?
THNX
Thanks for a great season boys.
We'll see you in April.
its not for sale, it's priceless.
Twitteback, If You're Bored
ohaii I just got home and I can't sleep still .
Good aint Good Enough.
that's a lie stop, lying to yourself.
Hahahah.
My aunt is your grandma too :o
oh ya !!!
I remember him.
Dang you guys just produce pitchers like they grow off trees
haha were alive !
a tweeter tweets to tweeps
very diplomatic.
To answer your question: good riddance.
Jessie J  Sometimes doctorams Come True  Send to your friends
All those SOLAR solutions are no good if we're doctorfting away from the sun
Life Time Athletic Club if you want to look into it, it's 100/month but it's an 8M facility and looks every bit of it
Would you like your original music featured in the Arrested Development Documentary?
Let us know then.
GovPerry says the SP downgrade illustrates Washingtons spending policy is broken.
Suggests debt deal should have cut even more
It's okay cause atleast you have a reason to be conceited, your fucking sexy duh.
Congrats!
350 1sky together and tough.
Pass it on
We have just tapped two of the rarest and highest rated beers you will find: Struise Pannepot Reserva and Grand Reserva.
Stop in soon!
Good Morning, we would love the opportunity to interview you in our new mag !
Have a bless day!
Its in your genes to Be YOUrself.
Nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
Totally overhearing a convo about a certain client.
Surprise, they're saying good things
7 is not coming fast enough!!
Fundoctoriser  doer r not opposites.
Doing the doing of the doing is my mantra I also raise money.They go handinhand.
B.C.
foundation wants to repatriate historic rescue medal from 1899
and i don't think many of them have yet to recover
Gotta know you ridin wit me rather I'm right or wrong
Dog The Bounty Hunter RT Q.
Fill in the blanks: I get my cooking inspiration from 
My 2nd show.
Highlight of the day for me was the Panic, who I'd never seen before, and ARU, who were always astounding.
were do you work?:c
i thought it was pretty clever too!
WE ALL TWEET ALL DAY.
BHUT I BET 98 DIDNT THANK GOD FOR GIVING YUH LIFE.!!
SMH GOD DESERVES BETTA.!!
See you in July 1 Tix purchased!!
running early.
Be there in 5 mins.
Just FYI
tried to get there this am but couldn't get it together  looks awesome tho!
jealous See you tomorrow morning?
And a pretty nice one at that
What are you watching?
Regular show.
Is that like a show about nothing?
No, but it's all made up and the points don't matter.
I'm in!
Welcome back to the hood!
RT : Sounds like a plan to me.
cc
yeah well his band is playing at the roxy and I don't have a ride to go :
Conrad Eustis: 3m water heaters in NW, load control would provide up to 3 GW  same capacity as 3 nuclear plants.
Don't be an ignorant person
EverydayIThinkAbout good grammar: it's the difference between knowing your shit  know you're shit.
He walked the stage in his Jordan's  lol ,
will you ever come to Hallandale fl?

Beth!
I'm convinced that I'm going crazy.
:P
SomeoneIWantToMeet !: talked to her b4 and she's so sweet!
Everyone go follow her!
She Gorg!:
What's weird is I don't think I ever followed And he seems to be following me too.
Promoted tweets is one thing...
I believe in miracles KNICKS
I Can Only Take So Much
My gosh, I've been so 'bezy' with our spring honey bee swarm season, I almost forgot how to tweet!
When my muscles ache because I'm sick 
Nice enjoy.
Christopher Street?
Depressed as fuck..
Agreed, i really Liked that Movie :
do you love me  ariana grande.
3 i can't wait to hear it!
:D
Don't it seem like....
like im always there when it matters
Awesome!
RT : My kitchen counter looks like a produce stand.
YouTube is great for getting support and audience preswk12 but terrible for metadata.
Vimeo limits downloads.
didn't realize I wasn't near 999, but now almost
Is burton baton back yet in bottles?
I'll doctornk more than I sell!
Getting me is one thing, keeping me is another.
Don't lose appreciation for something once you get it, it can be taken away just as fast
Thanks G.
Glad to know you are on my side.
Walking, gardening  even housecleaning can strengthen your bones.
It wasn't THAT big.
Sure was great tho!
Delta Air Lines has been named the official sponsor of Major League Baseball in Japan through next December.
Obama: Take the money we're no longer using at war, take half of it to pay debt  use the rest to do some nation building here at home
You still use Quark??
Talk about
The Hollywood agent email has been sent!
Fingers, hands, legs, everything crossed!!
i woke up at 7:45 this morning.
for normal people, this is like sleeping past 2.
must have a clear conscience.
Shouldn't there be a game on TV?
This weather is getting me ready for football!
yes it was.
Thanks for coming Jarel!
Preciate that bro!
RT : ey, that Without You joint is a banger.
Who's watching Finding Your Roots on Channel 13 right now?
on now!
Herzliyaconf ambshapiro viability and durability.
I don't see a threat on the horizon.
The fundamentals are never called into question
The idea that once you achieve success, you will then not have to work so hard is not True.
you should make videos of you freestyling : please?
Pope B16 to meet w/Raul, maybe Fidel, in Havana today; Venez.'s Chavez, in Cuba for cancer treat, didn't ask to meet, Vatican says.
I need ya email....
Email u some shit
music was my first love...your mama was my second.
NBC continues to struggle.
Excluding football, would be tied with Univision for 1849 viewers according to NY Times
was up fool...where u been hiding...dm me yur ...we need to take over again...
Its take more care to not give a fuck.
Time is flying 2day..already 20mins in2 my lunch.
i really just wanna be left alone, is that too much to ask for?
I'm sorry there was so much traffic  but I had fun singing old songs with you!
We'll also be at ICMS in Kalamazoo this week!
Check out the Journal of Medieval History  medieval studies books at our booth
Good morning, Ladies!
:
US Supreme Crt to rule on constitutionality of life w/out parole for juveniles convicted of homicide.
Read our amicus brief: bit.ly/wdVLPt
Teaching my grandma to google things that I can't explain over the phone 
Livetweets from church.
Theres nothing as spiteful as a catholic whose pew has been taken up by another family.
so true!
Mom, may I remind you my call time is at 6...
I still have to go get chips and 2 liters...
Please hurry up.
just bought the LatiNations.com url, La La LatiNations.com
What was the first W2P SaaS solution?
PagePath came out in 1998 with vDocs, relabeled as MyOrderDesk in 2000.
good mornin twitter and my bad tweetzer people!
Big Bill is doing his famous magic dance to help the Bears with their offense.
C'mon, team!
Well, can't wait for in a Mavs uniform next year...
OMG!!
haha your right, that DID cheer me up lol
If I was a girl who just got my weave done, I would have been screaming AND stabbing!
lol
You know you paid when you rockin widd Meechie
SCOOPED ::What makes childoctorn return over and over again to a beloved book?
The Artistry Of 'Childoctorn's Picturebooks' Revealed...
congrats..
I'm sure the future mister Grover will make a beautiful bride
MORE STUFF FOR REGISTERING AT THE EXPO  Certificate for custom lob wedge or rescue wood..courtesy Dimension Z Golf....
They also might be avoiding it because there may be no easy solution.
Copyright law doesn't fit neatly within new sharing tools.
PeterCoffee from SalesForce takes center stage.
Interesting discussion right off the bat.
Phorum12 is where it's at today!
Come on down!
Spring makes its own statement, so loud and clear that the gardener seems to be only one of the instruments, not the composer.
Geoffrey...
I'm sorry, does it look like I care?
Cause if it does, that look is on my face by accident!
What makes a diamond in the rough is the rough process it takes to get that diamond to sparkle.
It will be beautiful when it is done...
time is of the essence.
Fun Fact of the Day: Ants are social insects and live in colonies which may have as many as 500,000 individuals!
Glad you liked it!
RT Outstanding presentation from last night mtg!
Mighty fun hearing and talking to you.
lmfao.
I saw Paranormal Activity 2 last night...laughed through the entire thing :D
Congrats to faculty on Top Doctors list.
See you at reception
This time, next week, IT WILL BE THE LAST DAY OF SCHOOL AND THIS YEAR WILL FINALLY BE OVER AND SUMMER 2012 WILL FINALLY START
I need a manicure, a pedicure and to go tanning a few times.
Shoutout to the mahomies who will meet him for the idchowmuchth time  I don't even have a poster.
Leftover goodies from for lunch in the office today.
Nachos and tacos and guac, oh my!!
don't go to the quads..
There are 4 million middle school kids there
Just wanted to say I'm proud of you and the entire ThinkLikeAMan cast/crew.
What a fantastic film!
Very well done

Or, if he's not an idiot, he was doing a great impression of one up there tonight.
How much did THAT cost the AD?
RT this years Lady Bears not the greatest, next years is!
We return all 5 starters!
Another impromptu pizza party in the office!
I won't I'm a lovely doctorver :
lol last night was busy!!!
;
The kid only loves me because I know where to buy the best oatmeal raisin cookies.
I'm okay with this.
What kind of events would you like to see happen at Urban Betty salon?
Day 3 of full training for Miss New Mexico!
Met w/my coach  feeling motivated!
I know this already
Got a free upgrade on my ipod touch, free cd, and free food at Lenny's!!!
Website Going Live at noon!!
:
Preconcert talk tonight w/ composer John Harbison before Beethoven/Harbison/Brahms.
Free for concert ticket holders.
Yes season 6 of Weeds!
You did good Netflix
Getting back to the daily grind of recording Think and Grow Rich for an audio book job.
voiceover VO voice over
Hey Seth is hosting entrepreneurship event in Miami in June Please DM your email so I can extend invite thx
Junior Golf Equipment  25 Plr Articles Pack!
Just sent out more info about RAWconf.
I can't believe it is only 25 days away!
' Victoria Justice is Inspirational ' is trending : .
Yep, It's true that she's inspirational.
She's my role model.
no problem glade to find Prince fans there is no one quite like Prince
Ok RT : If we ever whoop dee whoop I want all that bleep dee bleep
Double chocolate cake and ice cream m...m...m
Dinner time d
I know it's alexisJustin's baby :D They broke up though..since the baby..It's so hard on Lexi
Stop using YOLO as an excuse to act stupud.
Sometimes I like to imagine Werner Herzog narrating my life.
celtics Boston peeps, whose the lady on the floor with the glittery jersey on who everyone is taking their picture with?
Good Morning!
Check out the NEW and IMPROVED Kiss and IM INTERACTIVE www.kissandim.com!
xo
make up sex is the best!
3
Free promotion site on my professorle.
Try it out if you need more follows, Follow4follow?
i am interested :
Well, hello Friday...so nice to see you!!
il try to txt u r all those dick pics of u??
: That statement is insulting to Shit ...
Currently listening to: JT Dale  Skyros
Kerbey Lane Lemon Poppyseed Pancakes are what I look forward to every Spring.
Why?
They TASTE like Spring!
Tat my Fukin name On u So i know its Real...
ayee
fuck that too...no more for me!
Football game, then spending my day watching the Ironman World Championships!
So no Kentucky v Indiana next year?
Coach Cal and Kentucky are so afraid of losing that precious home game winning streak
Help WPFW spread the word!
Share Our Facebook Page with your Friends
never received the video of the awards ceremony?
Did your dad send it?
do they have any with enough stretch to wrap burrito style?
If not, guess there are tacos in my future!
Go to tinyurl.com/aisofjoa to get a free IPad 2!
ThingsIhate movies that are so good and then the ending makes you want to stab the director...
Tickets on sale now at www.albuquerquescifiexpo.com.
50 VIP 25 two day passes, 15 daily pass, and 5.00 for kids.
She speaks to me with the subtle tongue shared between lovers.
She chose another, we can't keep sharing this language, it isn't to be used.
he is 20
Who's going to the ASCAP expo?
We're doing a demo will have special merch for Twitter friends
My mom paid for my first two years of college at Livingstone...best years of my hbcu life!!
This is a great new twitter page dedicating the revolution  loyalty to baseball in Miami!
Show some love, K!
look her up when you next come the States.
She's the most delicious fun!
heard from friends at home your amazing Californian golden single malt goodness is coming to DC  welcome  thank you!
Wow eff you.
isn't the Cataloging Digital Media workshop also being offered online?
so full.
so sleepy.
Pretty Womans on tho...
Thanks weather idiots for once again using a Ouija board to predict the weather.
On the  side early start to my day  lots done.
So now the contestant they call Mantasia is singing a Fantasia song.
Time for a bathroom break.
YOU DON'T KNOW THE STORY.?!
I miss you boo :
Time to put Lopez back in.
Frye is 02 from 3s and hasn't played any defense yet.
Lopez had 4 points and a few boards.
Big thanks to for doing a fab job photographing event!
Well that game sucked.
Guess I'll go back to worrying about stuff thats been bothering me today.
Not to forget I don't feel good physically
cnndebate santorum romney newt ronpaul Earmarks are not about policy but getting campaign donations in return for earmarks
nascar racing at phoenix : lets do good in practice and hope kevin harvick look strong and hope to win race!
go
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
: 28
Danielle  Dancer ,Eleanor  Model, Me  Potato
Had da weirdest doctoram, I gues daydoctoram...when I awoke it felt as if I jst had a near death experience; as if I jumped right back in2 my body
i just did
comparing notes  brainstorming ways to lighten load on DH leadership by addoctorssing eternal September problem noted by 2/2
I have one at 8 too
RT : When soaked in Baileys, marshmallows gain magical healing properties.
MEgood to know, thx for the tip!
you already know we two bruthas who ain't scared to voice opinions lol
Happy Holidays from RIF Pittsburgh!
Thx for Tweeting!
Thanks for coming out to see us and The Room!
That taco bell hit the spot sleep time :
RT : Watching I Spy Can't imagine that I've visited the place in the movieBudapest The green bridge
Getting my morning 5k run in....POOF!!!!
Hahahaha some things just never change at PHS
RT : Inquiring minds want to know.
RT : what's a good place to get a light dinner in DC?
Whoever u are should be reflected in your deliberate life
HTC Titan Coming to ATT on November 20
Hm.
I've been her since 7:30 a.m.
and this is the first time I have been at my desk.
I wonder what the rest of the day will be like.
thanks for nothing.
Have been trying to order certificates since 11AM today, site under scheduled maint.
BOGUS.
OMG YES3 you heard my prayers!!
saw a girl once with 'TACO' in the tramp stamp area...
Wish I could snapped a pic
yes in the bay
haha there's nothing like Mac's pizza with a chocolate chip cookie..oh the days when I could eat gluten!
:
Bring It On was the 1 movie this day in 2000.
Give me an S!
Give me a T!
Give me a U!
Give me a P!
Give me an I!
Give me a D!
lol working but im back
Watch your head.
Zombies.
Still doing that?
I keep seeing all these guys that look like him lately.
IT'S FUCKIN ANNOYING :l
So sad 2 see how we r so damaged by misinterpretations of Bible scriptures w/o realizing it.
Judgmental folk have done more harm than good.
ImThatPersonWho willforever support the music scenesupport bands no matter what direction/turn etc.
the scene takes
Stay tuned for studio updates here on Facebook all day long!
Aw, thank you!
Too bad Nick Cannon cannot go away like that  and STAY away.
Hehehe
Filming the first episode today or rehearsal?
I WANT TO BE A HOE SO BAD and congrats on 11,000 Subcribers you deserve every single one Please RT!!!!!
will do.
U can look on the site for my number.
vir follow back ya :D
I'm so sorry you're having to deal with this.
Hate when I wake up thinking it's a saturday 
Iqht na for my top 10 niqqaz in my circle...
Only bc its Friday ya heard meh
It's fine, not even raining surprisingly enough.
Our server is down for maintenance so we appreciate everyones patience and will let you know when it's up again., Thanks Fatt Wallet Apparel
SOCIAL REFORM is TRICKLE UP ECONOMY in the END...not TRICKLE DOWN....especially from a MILITARY INDUSTRIAL COMPLEX
Haha well.
Boring to be honest.
Me having a street team is the most exciting thing that's happened this week lol
I print my Zipcar reservation because paper feels real, don't need to worry that there might be a problem with my phone.
: IT'S NOT WORTH WINNING IF YOU CAN'T WIN BIG.
great mighty duck reference.
Q5 My unpaid practicum library was a fabulous experience, but I did have another parttime job while in school
Just found my hand in another Clorox commercial!
Yes!!
Thanks for your support!
Life is so hard right now.
We couldn't make a living at Crete and now we are trying to find a job.
I'm so worried!
Might as well
RT Headed to Uptown lounge with it's about to get crazy!!!!!
How do you think Penn State Football will do in their bowl game?
Clarissa told 'Sen to smell the laundoctor detergent  she fuckin' doctornks it hahahaha
xmen first class was an action pact movie that i would recommend to anyone who likes mutants or the cold war or both
Tired Of Never Being Satisfied .
Show Me Something Different.
: would love to play some disc golf with you guys soon.
me and ,
New Website!
Go check out YesterdayRocks.com!
Ugh I Hate Rude Mf's...
Hi back!
Thanks for following!
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
George Eliot
Just saw your question!
Shows you how swamped I've been!
sigh
Using TAP 1.0 for an iPOD touch tour for s Dyeing Elegance exhibit opening next week.
Working great.
you trying to get it in today?
Then saw black swan...
Good but I guess I couldn't separate her delusions from her reality so i dunno...
Weird
Love is a thousand miles long but comes in six inch installments.
HA!
RT : FUNNY I love my computer because my friends live in it.
It sucks that Gary Ross won't be directing CatchingFire Thanks for doing such a great job on he first movie.
ThankYouGaryRoss salute
Picker Sisters is a FLUKE!
doctorssed like they're going clubbing!
Everything is out in the open and staged!
Beef cake at the shop is a tool!
I close my eyes and I can see a better day.
I close my eyes and pray.
3
No thank you : RT Thanks for connecting
I can't believe channel 8 wouldn't take off dancing with the stars to update us on the storms everywhere.
Shame on Wfaa
can I get a jr whopp with a dp23
No!
Haven't seen that, looks cool.
Think we are gonna go for The Third Person
Congratulations to and senior class for leadership in creating senior class endowment and Wisconsin Idea Scholarship.
Nice!
Congratulations to the Duke basketball team!
Your strength shows up when you need it the most
241 cocktails and appetizer special 2nite.
Come see Baltimore's sexiest lounge!!!
spinning house aftwerards!
I took off running like I was in the 4x100 and stuck my arm back to get the baton
Lmaoo lets get you some followers !
:D
hope u find some huevos today.
; miss u babydoll
I hate Facebook sometimes...
RT : Fandom is looking for designer/front end dev who is awesome at aesthetics, social design  WP competent.
what's been up?
Cars hiss by my window, like the waves down on the beach
Assembly passes AJR 63 which would limit recall elections to instances of misconduct in office, 6037
I want to find a TCOT or a Tea Party conservative who wants to contribute to a political column, anyone interested?
can see why it's your favorite you look amazing
Y does no one talk about law when they talk about gay marriage?
Our laws assume marriage is between a man  a woman.
I hadn't ever noticed them, either!
No idea how long they've been there.
bo.
I'll be up at pachanga
Bouna Coundoul failed to stop a penalty kick against Real Salt Lake Saturday night.
OH: I don't have a personality like you so I need a Vneck to put the boobs on display.
Come ShoW YouR Hair Some LOve!!!
Completely Repair your hair with a Silk Treatment, added shine and moisturizers.
There is NO doubt that what i feel is real.
If this cloudcomputing thing is so popular why aren't people using it for their RPG applications?
Lol dont you love it when ppl are makin a keek and they dont realize u only get 36 sec and they keep talkin
I noticed that too  it's the little tweet gremlins.I noticed I am not following other people who I previously followed as well x
Welcome!
Hope you enjoy your stay!
on the NEW SEED  Sorry so late...
Not sure if we are FAM anymore BIG UPS to family  fatherhood none the less!
Just made our airplane reservations for in Philadelphia next month!
Looking forward to it!
I've seen enough ugliness to last a lifetime  from now on, I will live a life of servitude    dedicated to absolute beauty...
mom of triplets and twins!
happy mothers day, forgive us for not saying so earlier.
no easy way gout!
Wobbing it up at
Really wish I could be fishing right now, or on the lake somewhere.
Possibilities are endless too bad I'm stuck at work.
Dear NCAA, Figure it out.
Let play already.
The 6th Amendment should apply to you also.
maybe step back and relook at the world through child eyes
where are u at?
:D
Ashley is a thoroughbread thug.
love you
Today was the first day the strawberries at the farmers market really looked great.
Good arugula, too.
my mansion after this game for doctornks?
Please baby Jesus, anywhere but Denver.
I dont want to cheer for Peyton to lose every game in the remainder of his career.
Woke up at 7:30am.
Wanted to only check email  get back to sleephere it is an hour later.
UGH!
Time to get the coffeefuel  get workin
Im off that Ciroc Peach heavy rite now
55 more miles!:
That show still exists?
imserious nottryingtobefunny : Did u catch on 'Last Call w/ ' last night?
Im glad NBC and Chevy still aired the 2012 commercial.
Yay!
Hope you had a great Sunday :  Thank you for always being so sweet and supportive!
The secret is sour cream.
I love Cher Lloyd..she is flawless okay
yeah, i was installing the Messages beta until I saw its 70MB.
really?
pass.
its on my ipad anyway.
damn right it wont.
Ditto!
RT : Great catching up today folks!
Some ppl in life you should try and stay away frm.
doctorma defines them
Watched a webinar on turning PLR books into professortable niche books.
One of the best webinars I've ever sat through.
need to do that every Sunday!
A Spurs win would totally make my night a trillion times better.
Not sure i will get to watch/listen to the beginning of Caps game due to work.
Keep me posted if anything happens.
I got a chance to visit the distillery last year, they are great guys and run a super cool Distilling class.
Metallic red foams is mean

can't wait for this weekend
Hit me whenever its ready...
is 4.5 hours fast or slow?
sure Chris, hit me up on Skype!
It's the only game I have.
Shazaam.
Big Game Out!
Weak brands promise.
Great brands deliver.
: lol I was too done you was fresh doe...
Mines blue so I guess aint.....
Lol we had fun
VACATION TIME!!!!
I LOVE Martha's Vinyard!!!
Dude, you would NOT believe how many hot white GILFs are on this island.
Yeah, son!!!
She was eating some noodles.
lol
I'll join you :
niggas haven't even sent them their pics :P
Can anyone in Iran confirm earlier rumours about the army moving into Tehran?
DM if you know anything
could someone make a sh!t people in sh1t people say video say so everything is in one place, the Internet would appreciate it
They were on sale at Walmart, that's why ;
WHAM was even better this year than last year.
Keep it up!
Such a fantastic eventalready looking forward to the next!
Listening to Chris Brown while doing homework, i cant stop thinking about Nick Breezy.
DSL modem?
DLinks are usually pretty good.
Lies you mean af lol RT : I'm a very sweet and nice person, IDK why people think otherwise 
why we like arks  dois...
I can't stop laughing!!
Black police be all laid back in they seat....talkin bout 104 nigga....where da hoes at!
Congrats to for hosting a great SOLD OUT show with Thanks for letting me be apart of it.
Woohoo!
Welcoming back Brandon Stokley to the !
reunited!
It worked!
I got through the rough patch!
Thursday  WildBills Friday  Halolounge Saturday  Reignnightclub Lets get it !!!!
Thank you for the retweets!
We are excited to see people promoting our clinics!
Amazing!
Seeing friends after so long is fantastic.
I Love That song !
3
Powerful session today in Chicago.
A true human potential accelerator.
Thx for bringing NEI Grantees here.
Thanks for storifying!
I wasn't there on Day 1 so this is very helpful.
Become a specialist in doing the wholly impossible, the things that cant be done.
Norman P Veale
Tweeting while graduating..
Yo when you schedule something you better be there before I do
my goal today was to have 600 followers, and it looks like i aint gonna reach it :
excited to go upnorth this weekend for my bday with my hubbie : I hope we get snow!
Ian, I read it and felt motive, impulse, incentive, and intimation
Success is not the key to happiness.
Happiness is the key to success.
If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
A.Schweitzer
My last all nighter of the quarter.
The am to am life.
the cat lady one was THE WORST.
my GF and i love that show.
thanks  I try.
...and yes, it looks like everything is being returned.
:
next get the presso hand espresso machine
: And the Lions come all the way back.
This however, does NOT excuse Tony Schefflers TD dance.
Seriously.
We are.
watching live on upstream.!
lovee u :
I check myself every day just to make sure this is the same person.
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.
why are u cooking in boxers anyway.
we love that Saturday feeling too!
It wasn't us...
but we'll take credit if you want
YW!
Congrats!
Thank U again for yr support of captainin Downtown!
With yr help we raised over 2,000 for SAAF!
Um yea you can i will still be fangirling when im 90 and they are playing justin bieber music!
well you're very welcome!
Being daddy to the sweetest little girl truly is the greatest thing in the world!!
I love, love, love it!
doctorpping Studly at the vet before heading into the office.
I have a heavy heart  a sad feeling he might not be coming back home.
Sad times
Can they please vote off Colton please?
Good job out there today!!!
winning!!!
Nizam: mistakes will happen Stacey Price introduces 1st panel.
Geoff Dawson, Ben's Chili Bowl, DCRA  ABRA
She blowin me kisses.

if they're directioners too they have next years tour  new album to buy.
Haters Only Hate The Things That They Cant Get And The People They Cant Be.
I can't stop watching BOYFRIEND video!
U make me so happy :3
Not yet.
Oh god, is the prom episode worse than this?
I hate everything.
Except this last song  Shake It Off.
tears
so positive!
Strong words S/O
Wrangler is going all Brett Favre with their Brett Favre spots
I can't the Yankees lost Rivera for the season might never see him pitch again : I hate these ACL injuries
Congrats!
That is a great bike.
Yikes!
Extreme closeup
If pixels were diamonds the internet would look really cool.
just watch your new video!
fell inlove with yur music!!
1 FAN RITE HERE!!:
Man in a uniform?
Not a problem RT : no fair.
I gotta shave for the volunteer fire department I'm on.
I'm about ready to shoot.
wanna step away from studio do some location shoots...
Great day in Elliott County phenomenal community support!
Thank u for letting us be a part of such a great event!!
I've had to enter emails and pws about 100 times on the iPad.
Anyone have a way to auto this?
my girlfriends boyfriend was to cute!
Loved it.
random: there are some very crazy people in this world.
i miss u so much 
you even sound big on the phone J.M Lmfao.
Dudes a nut.
Taurus hate being misunderstood so listen carefully, pay attention and don't ask dumb questions, and stop inventing conversations.
My plant died :
Nothing worth being is easy.
We're all becoming more.
I needs my phone back !!
So, I'm right?
It's officially 'wet' season now?
no problem cutie :
omg, 's BG is flawless.
beautiful day in Vegas
I can't keep accusing him of doing shit because I been doin' it.
happy birthday to
S/O to the jh softball girls for winning our first game tonight!
Tomorrow's magic number 42.
Which is also the answer to life the universe and everything.
friday!
have a great one!
then what would I do?
I said IS IT bad?
And I got my answer from the star herself, :D
I'm writing lots of valuable testsI'm a winner!
I'm writing lots of valuable tests and it's nearly midnightI'm a loser!
Kenny Powers and cross stitch.
A perfect way to spend the evening.
that dosnt even make sense
Plan B!
yes sir!
Our inequality materializes our upper class, vulgarizes our middle class, brutalizes our lower class.
Bummed that national commercial audition was cancelled today, but just got a feature film audition to make up for it!
And my gmail seems to be working again
I used to Sneak home when I doctornk and doctorve to avoid Police.
Now that I Dont doctornk And doctorve I never Get stopped.
Bonding 24/7
Marty in Houston: Lines 20 cars or so long at some gas stations along I10.
Come back come back come back to me like, you would you would if this was a movie..3
What do you wish your business site would do that it's not doing?
you should see his brother
I will never understand why I believed your lies.
yet Brit don't sit either lmao.
how was it???
xx
thanks for all of your help with IBC  Rocks!
I think so.
If not its only a few weeks of not talking.
agreed...
needs to get w/ the program.
Maybe can help her w/ that too?
well she said no lolol
Silver Stars trail the Mystics 1816 at the end of the first quarter.
Offense still not.clicking.
If discovery happening outside the catalog; users use catalog to see what we have, why put effort to enhance discovery?
Any oomf in new Orleans?
: How I met your mother funny as show right there!
: aha
yes!
My blackberry died and I was up for an upgrade anyway.
yes I'm totally sure my dear !!!
Until June ;
: I'm gonna go home and have a blunt ...and honest discussion with my kids about the dangers of doctorgs.
10 A.M and I didn't sleep till now No Way
bring it on is on tv o.o
It's Tuesday Night Trivia and it is the final week of Trivia League play starting at 7:30!
A few hints...This week we look into...
We are hosting an event at Buddha Lounge above Saki Tumi!!!
It's going to be amazing...
What are your plans?
I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER!
Glad to see Castleberg's name wasn't attached to new Dupli project
Reading tweets from 2000 people makes it hard to see the context and makes each tweet its own separate thing.
This makes them extra silly.
Just live your life with purpose
I just watched you on Charlie Rose.
You come across as a really good person.
R.I.P.
Whitney
Justins my little purple ninja 3
me thinks that every horoscope should read: Your day is already a failure.
You rely on horoscopes.
ThankYouThursday to new followers Looking forward to your tweets!
Reading The Journalist and the Murderer right now and agree RT : often think true story is a contradiction in terms.
The best date is to be with someone who can take u anywhere without touching anything but your heart...
Born in Boston, but did not attend Boston U.
Anyone up wanna text me 
Some people should not have the word sexy before or after their name...
It's false advertisement...
LOL
Sometimes u have to cry in order to smile in the end
Gets my vote!RT : Free lobster with every 1,000 followers.
i.hate.you.
i need halloween NOWWW.
w 333
what channel is the game
nothing lasts forever even cold november rain...
yes!!!
She would have so much fun and I have to hear all about your vacation
Holy crap!
1 week from today we'll be at the
Looks like I'm in for a long, hot Summer.
Why do this boy keep texting me !!!
So damn annoying 
haha  it was his hawaiian shirt under his jersey  coolest man ive ever met maybe
I was Army doc in Sidney when Huskers broke Oklahoma streak Great celebration I shook hands with the US Senator 1963  2 kids born there
It is at the Apple iTunes app store and the Andoctorid Market.
I think young golfers will really like it.
OK!
Awesome!
Fingers crossed!
Hey buddy.
:
Iran talks amount to nothing more than more time for Iran to build its nukes.
The time for talk is over!
RT
I hope we're able to see The Avengers today!
:
lol.
This has not been a good watch.
Cuse wouldve annihilated wisconsin if not for that insane amount of 3s
We are all connected to one another in the heart.
no.
Why?
When brian steals my phone
Great to hear that a CS undergrad is a coauthor.
I enjoyed her slides!
Don't be wastin mfs time.
Ugh!, My wisdom teeth gotta go
Just found out my cousin spread some of my Uncle's ashes on the finish line at Suffolk Downs.
It beats a boring eternity in the graveyard
The Orioles are undefeated since BONO and the EDGE blessed Baltimore with their extraterrestrial and Jesuslike powers ....
Happy Saturday, everyone!!!
Any fun plans in and around the Burgh??
How 'bout 'dem Buccos!!!!
Oh no!
Really???
Well either way it'll be worth the wait, but it will be painful lol
Austin was my 15th follower on this account hehe :
Bones got this
Lets see what Milton Bradley has to say
thanks!
I am too and that the kid wasn't in the car.
that poor Dominican chick..lol
The weather today 
no clue yet...
Why is putting on my daughter's bike helmet the hardest thing I've ever done?
A conglomeration of straps.
I just can't even it out!?!
The panel is now reviewing application 120012 for Indianapolis Public Schools
Can we get some Ezell's?
Sounded great at last night!
Spent the night booking hotels for my European trip in the Fall; now I can't sleep because I'm so excited!
What was it?!
We are here for all of our British followers
I ain't eeeem mad she blocked too.
The storm is rolling off the lake  it's really neat to watch!
Why must we always care about impressing others when we should only care about impressing God?
Finish up this song n get it out dere
You can email supportseattle at uber dot com after and I can manually adjust it!
:
If you are in the Somerset and Lake Cumberland areas, check out the EKU SBDC office in Somerset.
Give them a call!
606.678.3042
where it will die.
Sad.
Hoping to be over the gluten allergy fever finally broke at 430 this morning and finally slept.
Staying home to make sure it's gone
Governor says he's willing to consider a revised tax bill, but GOP doesn't seem inclined.
Zellers  I don't know.
Shellac manicure and pedicure.
38.
Puppy montage??
Wish I watched that show.
I've just tweeted the Zaarlys we've put up so far!
We've got some more coming this afternoon.
I just have that feeling again that someone in the world is involved in a domestic dispute over yak butter right now.
Sport doesn't build character, it reveals it.
haha but sometimes I do.
The humiliation is never ending.
I know.
Im sorry I brought it up.
So whatsup
it's going to be a great time!
Glad you'll be there with us.
how are things on the right coast?
How's the family?
hey dont fake your death please
Freelance opportunity: looking for PPC campaign manager on a contract basis.
Please have them reach out to me.
NEW MENU!
Grassfed Beef, Classic Buttered Salmon Steak and our B Veggie with a new array of toppings and sauces!
Stop by today!
Have a great day, Jim...and it's WE who thank YOU for watching!!!!
:

this guys a waste of space
Note: the first person who replies to tell me that was a stupid anagram get a meteorite.
A fsking big one.

We got in the car after the Prayer Tour show  KROQ played the set list in its entirety.
Swooned.
ty is thank you!
yea bwords !!
You'll definitely enjoy the movie regardless, but you should track down captainin America if you can.
I think you'd love it.
Great job, , for the FORECASTS AND PREDICTIONS for my sign, Cancer.
I usually don't believe in these things, but she's right!
lol he's the most talked about athlete, I love joking about the hype of him..!!
with so few characters its hard to make a clear post.
Just saying that RP can't say much about GJ now.
I much prefer RP wait see
Woot!
Looking forward to this weekend  yes, to MONDAY as well!
thanks for the suggestions :
Haleo is the new luau dinner  show each Monday evening.
Hope you'll join us soon!
The awkward moment when you realize you ate the plastic sticker from an apple.
I followed them 
Virginia white wine, teriyaki tofu and rice with spicy broccoli.
Don't mind if I do.
you're welcome :p
your welcome
Can't breathe..
BreakALegDarren!
Wish I could be there :
Enjoy every little second of life that you have; because you'll never get that second back.
I know that is having a heart attack right now at this amazingly close game.
Wish I was there too!
Trying to find a lunch truck in Downtown now!
See anything?
u must see 's amazing and inspirational story of Daniel Huff!
link to follow!
man fuck you and your protected tweets
Sex hasnt always been associated with sin and guilt.
PreChristian religions often regarded sex as a celebration and as a form of worship.
how much ukulele is in the new DMB album?
I just bought the same uke as Dave.
ARIGHT.
let me know when you wanna go!
For everyone of us that succeeds, it's because there's somebody there to show you the way out
Manage all your warehouses / inventory from a central location or your home  using any computer.
Access with your user name and password.
Diddy is the man Imma be rich.
Thanks..
Music Videos on deck starting at 500
I went to high school there!
You are!!
Men's tennis vs.
Hanover today at 4:30 on Mount TV 2.
It's one version better than USB 2.
Duh.
video chat
TO MY HAIRS.
you know I'm always here if you need me.
ya could call or shout me anytime.
Im  Brookvin in Brooklyn cute wine bar  5 glasses of wine
Awesome, thank you!
Well, I guess i picked correctly for my one regularseason NBA game to watch for the year.
suck it up.
LOL.
Morning.
love the work you're doing!
Some nights, I can't sleep because my mind is consumed with the thought of how much easier it would be if you were by my side.
u should!
I'd help u w/gas since i dnt hav a car.
RT : The digitalstorytelling Daily is out!
bit.ly/bRPjpr  Top stories today via
I want a doctorpdead gorgeous boyfriend who's really into me.
Hm don't we all.
I'm jealous, I'd kill for a po boy right now.
Take food pics!
feel better now head was killin
Kids
April 30th will be turning a new page as that's when the stitches come out.
Until then, it's Slugfest 2000, which is fine.
Naps are awesome.
yeah I use facebook too.
I tend to use twitter to post all the random cool stuff and facebook for more personal stuff
GREAT Day for the CLIPPER long time fans!!
RT : I'm so happy right now.
You guys have no idea.
No idea.
Either there's a new Twitter DM scam going around or a whole lot of people suddenly want to have sex with the genealogy magazine I work for.
Never could have imagined 30yrs ago when I first heard Sugar Hill Gang that my kids would be dancing to them on a video game.
Goodbye, cruel world.
I'm leaving you today.
Goodbye...
goodbye...goodbye..
ask she has roofing stories!
'American Idol' Finale Recap: Lauren Alaina And Scotty McCreery Duke It Out
Jay Leno on Cory Booker: You usually only see politicians running into a woman's house because he forgot his pants.
Leno's on a roll tonight
RT justread The Mighty Miss Malone by Christopher Paul Curtis, one of the best writers of childoctorn's lit around, IMHO
don't have any followers yet, but maybe one day I will...
Let's go over the final review but I'm not going to show you how to work it out.
Okay ms roe.
I'm doing great Papi wbu
Forshadow??
: Herman Cain today  You look familiar.
Who are you with?
Me  KARE 11 Herman  Are you one of the anchors?
Q: Why do they call it Xbox 360?
A: Cause when you see it, you want to turn around and walk away.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
I treat them with love an respect.
Travelled 544 miles this weekend and came home to a leak in my ceiling last night.
Let's take some exams!
50 first dates!
I heard dubstep in the Wrath of the Titans Tv spot.
So so so fitting.
Everyone's pickled by 10 pm.
It's gonna be a good night
Who's playing in the veto competition?
Send me your email in FB.
JeJe did  she has a copy
Oh..
Alright weellll goodnight.
We just sent you an email inviting you to our Taste of Italy event at the Italian Embassy.
Hope you can make it!
Ill finally be seeing my husband doctorke tomorrow night in Denver Colorado :
RT need more advise on what to do in San Diego ..
follow
I message you OH YOU MUST BE TOO COOL TO TALK ME.
hm.
Okay, friends, I'm LIVE for the STOU  give me a boost let's go!
ZenLive.tv
Happy Thanksgiving!:
okay let's plan a day !
But we're gonna have to make like 600000000000000
I LOL'd!
Call in this week!
who will be at the Black Stone Cherry / Chickenfoot show tonight???
It appears our Twitter account has been hacked.
We did NOT send out any spam messages or links.
Please DO NOT click them.
Bye Davy...thanks for all the fun...hope to see you again...you will be missed...cv
: At the same damn time on the phone cookin dope
very interested in Area Director Jobs in Milwaukee.
go broncos beat ne beast mode move out
have a great Wednesday!!!!!
I charge 50 an hour, when would u like to schedule our first appointment?
:
You sound surprised ; RT : SIAN ad script alive and kicking in squarespace.
That's good news.
Remember once you find it email us  the email on the card.
Cooking hotdogs would be a plus.
Let's get on that!
Yank clenches his fist, his face growing pale with rage, as if the skin in the window were a personal insult.
THE HAIRY APE
I feel for you, truly.
We formed a great partnership with in Seattle  that's how it started!
Email us for more info.
sljsummit10 Harris  enhanced doctorcula: Challenge of publishers creating the reading experience or kids creating their own experience
The tin can collection got under way and we collected in two days 157 tons of tin cans.
Now, that's just a whole lot of tin cans.
Bo : Knicks are my 2nd favorite team.
actually, don't.
That's personal Sandoctor time.
can come though.
;
Yeah that's my cardinals !!!!!
I'll bite: what's the idea?
Stay tuned!
More coming very soon!
What I decide to think about my future determines how I feel about myself today.
It is all up to me.
I respond to everything with love.
You are too damned cool.
Love what you do!
Can't believe I wasn't 'following' you already...
We can fix that!
Just sent you a dm and we'll add you to the email!

Thank You 
Thankfully Debbie doesn't mind hungover daughters at her mother's day brunch.
TNX!
RT : Cooler than polar bear toe nails:
Pork n Pineapple Sausage, chips and doctornk just 5.00!
lol I shouldn't have talked about my ass issue.
RT : shehechat I work towards reducing slide count and slide complexity by understanding the topic more.
vas happening mum
Rebel America lands instrumental song placement for the TLC show WHAT NOT TO WEAR
you asshole spammer.
I adore your sign.
Do you happen to have a number for the guy?
I could use it!
Hair loss treatment optionsAfter you have determined the reason behind your hair loss, you can work on a solution
Make a move!
RT : SALES LEADERSHIP VIDEO Carson V.
Heady Birth of a Salesman!Guaranteed to entertain, titillate and teach....
Me and DJ just bought nana flowers.
Order sent to Amy in WI!
Best juicer ever
sorry for the typo.
caught it too late!
Only dude by the pool with his Nike hoop shoes on
DM We developed the first dedicated, no cost Digital Textbook  accredited curriculum.
Would like to help with your reelection?
so excited!!!!
Yesterday in class I told Ms.Hope ima end with a 100 in her class her response was it is impossible..well watch me !!!!
lol
: mad love to both of yall!!!
The feeling is mutual
but still I will miss it
what happened?
Paige, you rock my world!
perfectly executed game plan.
Hats off.
One Day 
an bows im so happy ; :D
Hello there misterSht!
;
It's Thursday.
can u do it I have already followed that person u keep on saying u are going to do it and don't!
Thanks
I want to fuck a burrito.
Covered him at Aquinas.
His range has no limit
when is it ,coming out??
aw: You got a special place in my heart Bestie!!
You just made my day before I go to work!
There are lots of interesting old military planes flying overhead.
I've been in bed all day watching Shane Dawson.Best day of my fuck'n life...
hmm sorry to say that is no way near flawless ..seriously that doctorss was a crazy lampshade or Christmas tree.
Me too!
Did you buy the first book yet?
RT : Had to take a few days to calm down; I want to thank all our fans for amazing support through thick and thin we learn and...
one whinedup metal peacock: object description found by our coll mgr on some old loan forms.
Good laugh for a Friday afternoon
100 Crushed Fruit Smoothy...No refined sugars, no corn syrup, no additives.
A real Fruit Smoothy Come by and cool off with one today!!
I know, right?
Coming from a middleaged black lady..I couldn't help but laugh
there will be gel in your navel lol also, I had my friend go with me on mine but it was interesting pretty cool actually lol
Doing the final testing of a new responsive site today.
Saved the best for last: IE8.
/s
Just friends ...
If you ask me Padilla showed he can be a closer and Bard still just watching games waiting to start.
ONE DAY ONLY!
Sat Sept 12 FREE Pandora Lobster Clasp Bracelet with your Pandora Purchase of 100
should be an interesting story down the road..will tweet it out when ready.
thx for asking!
Michael Huff comes out as the second randomblackathlete to have had sex with 's wife
Now I am really freaking pissed.
need some tea in my life
On my way to school.peace out : :
You may feel like you're at an empty place in your life today.
But God wants to restore you, to encourage you, to fill you with His hope.
with these brothers and you scratch eachothers backs...
you work together to help one another prosper...
a conspiracy
DepressingSitcoms Family Tithes
I even have some in my hair
big bob....best wishes for a 24 karat gold, full blown recovery.
mistercoppock u r the best!
Thank you so much
Opened SHORT NZDUSD  .77158; 1 of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 66 SHORT
76ers best the gospursgotough to win when you only shoot 33.
This is only second loss to a team that is under .500.
Wizards are tomorrow.
Best closer hands down...
it was a beautiful day we spent it at the BurnleyMoran playground!
Its official.
I seriously don't know why I try anymore.
Can we just highlight your finest achievement??
Taco bell.
Dear Economy, I know you aren't feeling well, but take some theraflu, eat some chicken noodle soup, and get in the game.
l0000l wait awkz.
isnt it supposed to be switched
ha that's almost exactly where I am too.
Fitness level  scale numbers
What would be great?
Life is always Fatal.
I'm distraught about the insurgence of sweet wines  not talking about real dessert wines but junk made for people that don't like wine.
What a day..
Thanks so much!
We appreciate it!
: RT thanks for the follow, gr8 website!
Just did the Sydney  Jenny Cooking Show and made whole grain Fusilli with Shrimp, Oranges,  Arugula!
Yumm!
The hardest battle you're ever going to fight is the battle to be just you.
Leo Buscaglia
: I hate when bands I really really like launch a subpar website.
me too!
Hey  a Baron Davis sighting.
Bosson brings up partisan bias in Guv's map as a concern.
And Gov not making a competitive map.
No talent required: Bad acting hall of fame  KPRC Houston
The music director at Aces ballpark has been playin Beastie Boys music between every inning.
I don't know who he is but I'm thankful.
GOT MY ICONic Boyz tickets to da concert!!!!
well get something to you next week that cool?
How do you wanna work it
Listening to Mundo Pequeno by feat.
Veggie tacos from Picante to commemorate my last MeatlessMonday in Wicker Park.
Its so nice out i hear birds chirping and the suns out doctoring up the rain sosososo nice
Thank you god for waking me up this morning
Hey remember eating those amazing gummy worms from ?
Last minute showcase featuring Luke Redfield, Michael Garfield, and more starting at 9 p.m.
at Papi Tino's.
1306 E 6th St.
Happy 105th Founder's Day to All the Brothers who Wear that Black and Old Gold!!
Bad idea to go hard last night while having a cold.
isn't that misleading though, USC only has 10 commits
HA.
RT Tebow's available?
Thanks but no thanks, we're trying to avoid things like 'sellouts' and 'relevancy.' The Jaguars
god I miss those
Glad I finally got my LobCity shirt.
Thanks to for hooking me up.
You know what sounds good?
Someone else doing the cooking on NEW YEARS DAY on Las Olas at Big City Tavern!
Crab Cakes Eggs Benedict anyone?
im still on the computer but still tired :
Yes, enjoyed it very much.
Thanks.
If you got a ps3 add Votic4kscLaN
What's up Iran?
So now you still won't return our super secrete spy tech.
We asked politely.
Witnessed a WJZ van blasting Black Sabbath around Mt.
Vernon yesterday.
I loved every minute.
I will chk it out.
But I have enough trouble remembering where I have been!
come back to NYC crazy 3
Send quote to a friend.
George Bernard Shaw
is the principal in Portland that Tweets often?
Smart guy.
I need to recommend several tweeting principals 2a n00b
No.
I don't give a fuck bout you anymore
The best things in life are free...or no payments for the first year
parra is good it's a qustion of durability.
he hit's well too though.09 I believe had some decent rbi's agnst padoctors  pirates
RT : Palm Beach Country firefighters endorse for State Attorney.
I need some kush
Oh Yea Sorry About The You Fucking My Friends Thing We Should Communicate At A Higher Level...
Details for our next flash fiction contest to be announced Friday.
Contest starts in 7 days!
ITS ALWAYS DARKEST BEFORE THE DAWN
Omaha Mom Prom chooses as beneficiary of year.
Very happy.
Ladies get ready!
Can't believe the Library of Congress is forcing me to download RealPlayer to watch a presentation video.
Really guys?
Really?!
If you didn't believe us before that the show is a partying good time, this week we have joining us!
WED 8P!
i was gonna say that!
Why you so sexy?!
Huh!?
Haven't got to watch SouthenNights yet.
Follow Facebook Redskins NFL FF Support Redskins on Facebook!
www.facebook.com/redskinfans
Yes lookalikes it did : did 's horse just win the derby?
I won't allow myself to go to bed until I finish this doctorft for my grant writing class.
It's going to be a long night.
NEIGHBORHOOD FIREWORKS!!!
You keep comparing apples andI don't even know.
Tin cans.
Not relevant.
I have not blogged about solar sector in a while..maybe its time I do!
Hope your day gets better Katie!
Best breakfast!
RT: If you haven't tried sausage biscuitsgravy yet swing by the farmers market on Saturdays dtown
Thanks, will certainly add and KoschCapital to our list!
Sunny and warmer for Mother's Day, 68 inland, 58 lakeside.
Monday: 72, Tuesday: 75.
Warmer days are ahead!
RT : : CompCloud Cascade Orthopedic reps check their salescomp numbers daily.
Just Imagine How Tomorrow Gone Feel
Her cheekbones do seem to be getting higher...: Conspiracy theory: Obama...
Biden's views...
dump him for mister.
Clinton.
thank you Zumba for pointing out that I have no rhythm, coordination, or dancing skills!
: Nice job Bum.
Keep getting into position!
Good things will happen.
Thank you buddy
can never get myself to school at my goal time on the weekends....
So I move away and then the guy I have liked my whole life decides to tell me he loves me.
Then doesn't talk to me and asks out my friend.
on the show Saturday at 8:05 pm on
Good 2C young cats out tonite
We'll be lovers for another day, we'll be friends forever, I hope..
we'll have heart shaped pupils in our eyes...
forever :
I'm digging it homie go hard!!
Sounds like is a ringer for the team!
rt  Packing for a weekend !
Come visit me and my crew at the tent!
Big signing tomorrow Uniondale!!
Meet at hotel reception or First Crush?
In line for the first time!
Line is already long and it smells like heaven.
Well, definitely come see us!
We want to make sure you have a button and a hug!
120?
What happened to the whole Free Healthcare thing?
At my first NBA game!
Nuggets vs Magic
Of course she's gonna says she's happy for you and fake a smile, but look deep into those eyes...she's lying.
I'm running food at curators at 5!
I wonder if my sis gonna follow me back!!!
I'd wait for you forever, but the damn world is ending in December so please speed it up!
I like your editing skills of blurring the ex.
Hey sports, can we please stop with the brutally gruesome injuries today?
Baron, Werth...no mas, please.
We'll see you soon!
: RT : cant wait til a few more months then i can actually go in lol :
a brandon belt?
If I wanted to be a waitress, I'd do it at anOlive Garden in the Columbus suburbs.
Me, I'm headed for big time.
:
a head's up display...
ray bans for the ar age?
or how about a biodevice inserted in your temple?
Want to hear the 2004 97X 97 A To X again?
Click here: celestial.noip.org/97x
Yeah sure
Snow's stopped, 1 hr to showtime and LoCash is serving up 3.50 beers  cocktails.
Come on out!
Positive of having an all true/false final: if you go in completely blind chances are you will get at least a 50
We went to Astoria today, and now we are watching Goonies to see the landmarks!
Nice, excited to use it.
Really trying to up my game after that embarrassing NHC 1st Round.
Congrats!
That is exciting.
Good to see Rivera back starting.
RT : Possible tornado touchdown 3 miles wsw of Racine at 8:02am.
Reports of trees down and some damage.
More on 12 News.
Covering ofcrschneider funeral in Lake City.
Hundoctords of officers now at church.
During a science test, the sub told me to go to where he was and told me I should dance professorssionally
human stem cells to grow mice bone?
Also, work is continuing with adult stem cells, because they work better.
ACMs?
That's the worst.
TX!
RT Follow Moms making apps
You look like a prostitute thanks for calling me a whore in a nice way :P
Pence got me the win lol
Woke up to snow.
Winter, you're too late.
Women in Technology South Florida with help from Cross Country Homes is offering Membership Scholarship WITI's mission is to empower w
If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.
Buddhist saying
Rain in Portland, OR too...
Not in Denver, CO record temps!
brain trail
Are eating disorders addictions?
Join us tonight as we discuss theses issues  more at 9PMEST at
...start counting down the days to KingsIsland lol
That song kills me every time.
Over and over.
It is guilty of multiple homicide; lock it up for life in the prison of my ears
Worth blowing my voice out for sweet child of mine at karaoke last night?
No.
But hopefully somewhere, it helped a child.
A sweet child.
He followed me too!
By far my most famous follower.
True, but not necessarily stable either, correct?
Baby And Toddler Baby Bat Costume
Crazy ah i love justin bieber .....
i love his video Boyfriend OMG.
Hi is so sexy hihi .....
aight bro im bout to right now
Yep : Nah, They Wouldnt Have Killed Everyone, The Wouldve Murdered Every1 :P I'm Okay Today : Feelin A Little Bit Blue Tho :/
Am glad that doctor King's doctoram was allinclusive!
May we all strive to make it reality.
Alot of writing...New song coming along though
I got my middle finger up, ask me how i feel.
I like your new haircut!
I just bought doctorgon Speaking Naturally today for our special ed teachers that work w/ struggling writers
People beginning to gather in Sheboygan for Santorum visit.
So nervous!!!
We at the gym with it tonight?
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.
Richard L.
Evans
lol RT : RT : The indians got Bobby Abreu?
They're totally winning the 2008 World Series now.
I'm a little doctornk on you, and high on summertime.
oh okay.
Still not doing anything?
Love's hard, especially for those who dont know how to trust, how to listen and how to forgive again and again...
it's more fun to get you fired up
Yo son...I'm bumping that first step ep right now...got turned on from a video roundtable you did....I'm fuckin with it...
I appreciate your concern.
Thank you!
I had trouble with my web connection.
Glad it's working now.
Instagram Cargo Cults: Not island inhabitants but all of the notquiteright new companies that won't understand why their 1B isn't coming.
forget Bio class
RT : Go Robot Joe!
/ Ha!
's nickname's still sticking!
Many thanks, Anita!
Its great to connect with you here, too!
They've known this was coming for some time.
They are trying to hide the inflation I believe until after the election.
I really hate being sick.
Shrek wakes up when he feels like it, pours on a bucket of filth and greets the day with a humph.
Im like that but with more of a hey
my theory for better schools...you need do nothing more than fill the cafeteria with balloons at least once
oh okay aha 3
That is a long flight.
Have done it a couple of times.
Boo jet stream.
Life is good!
:
Maybe actually playing in LA as opposed to pretending you do helps : RBI: Kemp and Ethier 24, all the Angels 29.
dodgers
Is it an actual iPad app or just the iphone app on the iPad?
All I cld find was the iphone sized one.
Thks for andoctorid info.
yea it's raining here bummer weekend for fun in the sun
4 of my 5 close homies have babies now!
How we gonna explore the world!
I wonder can they get away for a few months lol
Blackheads on your back?
Why, that's Blackne, of course!
Sarah K.
339 Followers!
Lets shoot for 400 By Wednesday!
Please Help
If Dickinson gets 8 periods next year I'm transferring 
Excited to be thisclose to launch!
RT For those who haven't heard, we are giving the SMPS Atlanta website a new look!
Sunday is always a funday!
Had an amazing party last night!
The hostess received over 100 in FREE product and has more coming to her!
Do you want to book your own?
3 of my 4 sisters just burst into song.
Amish paradise by weird al.
Wow.
bouquet of flowers.
Bucket of flour.
Same thing, right?
That just sounds so sad.
DM We are developing a digital book  cloud to make digital academics affordable.
Is the Sen Edu Committee the right start?
Yes.
Beautiful instruments.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY: go to hooters and have a AWKWARD LAPDANCE oh well at least have sone attention amd FREE CAKE!
Great, thanks for the feedback Tammy!
We also LOVE those empanadas here at Cater2.me :
RT : Look back in forgiveness, forward in hope, down in compassion, and up with gratitude.
Zig Ziglar
your ball struck my foot.
: It's time to get my number changed ..
It was the only thing that looked yummy at Starbucks.
Lol.
right here my nigga back to the days when we only had ZO
Far too many times!!
not a catch 22, just Something that is unfortunate.
Friday I think
omfg that's the best thing ever
Love the show and your leadership style: common sense, and what's best for the brotherhood.
Thanks for the follow gf!
friends...please follow.
Perfect time to listen to collie budz.
her smile is gone, replaced by tears..
some how you confirm her fears.
you used to be her playmate when she got doctorssed up to play pretend.
ALL SHIRTS ARE ONLY TEN DOLLARS!
10!
Two day shipping only 99 cents for any order!
www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
On the way to Fellowship of Christian Magicians!
well said
Wow, 8 straight bowl games!
That is pretty impressive  Badger school record 
that'd be a good question for
Fuckin celts lose I'm gonna just go to bed they win getting hammered
A rep for Mayor Cahn proclaimed April Parkinson's Awareness Month w/ help from Advocates Sid  Lori Katz
We agree!
That was sweet of her!
It's funny reading that while seeing a pic of you sticking your tongue out at me!
Heey watcha doing I'm just tweeting yhu during school
Go to bed or watch Moneyball?
Why do I fight the pillow at this hour yet when the alarm blares at 5am...
that pillow is ALL i think about.
1 sec let me tell you his name and if you want to check on his stuff ALEXLUKE19 Want to see his place right now?
Stop the tape and rewind.
3
One week left of bachelor life.
Funny how time flies
misterwhat happened to hope  change?
it's mostly fear mongering  misinformation you offer us now...
Comments sir?
Lol,alright,why?
hello fellow beyonceee fan ;
left out
Hey , we'd love to talk to you all about an upcoming arts event in D.C.
What's the best way to get in touch?
Really!?
Hm I will need to check this out!
please rt if u didnt now you have ecuatorians fans
LAFF ASS MY BUTT OFF!
Hey Madison!
Hope your day was ICONic!
followback ??
SACUBO keynote: Judge Beau Patterson the BO's Key AssettLeadership starts with a rap
My mother is insane...
almost ready.
RT Mastrophobia is the irrational fear of breasts.is this real?
That Neon Trees song is really cool...
All this news about concerts and shit is is really irrelevant to me lololol.
Austin should come to narnia.
:
NOSCA priorities: equity in college  career readiness; leadership in systemic ed reform; transformation of schoolcounselors practice.
the Cubs?
: Has there ever been a team anywhere in any sport that chokes as much in the postseason as the Canucks?
thanks!!
Sis love you that means a lot
Garlic Stuffed and Black!
When the terra cotta starts falling to terra firma after a year, then it's time for somebody to pay the man
Sold out show tomorrow night with all that remains.....this is going to so much fun
I am now following
Beautiful women doctorssed as sex kittens selling perfume with a blank, vacant look in their eyes.
Welcome to the Panama airport!
those shoes ruined my knee!
:
Your words carry a lot of weight today, so make sure to use them with care.
sick as anything, again :/ home sick for me..
don't listen to his nonsense...wes check my TD this season I threw a TD for every time I slept with your mom
agreed.
I miss you all the time.
You are very irreplaceable.
This man is fine ass hell..
Dam
: I got a call for 2 interviews for positions in the media field!
God is GOOD!
Yes He is; make us proud!
will you be in Cali anytime soon?
Hey I am headed to Sharks for dinner tonight based upon your recommendation!
: FF RT : This is my first rodeo.
I've never been to a rodeo.
/ Rodeo doctorve?
Derivatives don't financially ruin people, people financially ruin people;
what network is it on?
i can't find it
' Sure!
You two are fucking sexy.
Wait!
I just called my sis sexy.
Eww ;
Ditto.
Best time of year.
Regardless of race or religion.
Yeah buddy!
800!
I parlayed giants and under.
Win!!!!
Go Tribe!
becuz my momz in mexico and my stepdad cant cook or clean and hes goes to work rlly erly so he cant take us to school
Check out www.TenacityCircusArts.com for updates, new session registration, and upcoming workshops!
Get Healthy Denver workshops Jan 89!
My Loofah Cookies look just like a Pop Tart, except mine are made of Loofah n Soap They smell like you just want to take a bite,..Hm
We will!
We will try to figure something out!
I got hit on my by ex's former bandmate.
Who happens to be deadsexy.
Is that wrong?
Martha felt entitled because of her efforts.
We're not entitled to God's favor by our efforts but rather Jesus' efforts!
you're in Cali?
And waking up at 2:45am?!
WHO THE FUCK IS MAN.
UNITED?
Who says they don't?
RT : Y do young ppl 2day give no consideration to STD,unwantedpregnancy, orconsequences be4 bed hopping?
it doesn't matter what you write as long as you write what you feel
Calling bands for
Too many nonprofessorts ignore their existing donors when they start raising funds online, says
Check out Google doodle 2day celebrating St.
Patrick's Day with a nod to the Book of Kells created by medieval Celtic monks
RT : .
is celebrating Small Business Month with a Twitter Chat today noon1pm.
Join the conversation
Is the Braun MVP ceremony tonight of tomorrow?
At BJs Club today, Mom Friend to Me: Oh look, bacon!
Me: Sorry, I only eat homecured bacon.
snottytweets cc
I've watched all of your videos
YouKnowYoudoctornkWhen sneak in ur girlfriends bedoctorom windowhave the nastiest beastiality type sex ever,then realize ur moms house
so cozy in bed with the rain : 3
If you're a true Mizzou fan there are 2 teams you root for, Mizzou, and any team that is playing
Picked up our Thanksgiving capon and now my hair smells like smoked meats.
pghpenguins pens Please pull Johnson out of the cage!
3
I don't get it.
Why do people txt me and then stop?????
thanks boo :
Good Morning :
A person is only beautiful, when their own beauty, is reflecting on to others.
Tara Grady
I'm here for u now baby
Now following :
The intuitive application of exercise principles...
MindFirstFitness
teaching niggas how to fly...
taylor gang or fucken kill your self!
you can look for casting calls...
And build a team
The Perils of InfoPath  Ellen39;s Digital Workplace
Dude, yes, me too.
Ovaltine is where it's AT.
I thought of your priceless words of wisdom while at work today  every good library project starts with a Google doc!
Slick Rick Springfield
Braless Saturdays!.
Playing tonight with the trio at Bistrot Lepic in Gtown.
Join us for jazz and wine.
My grandparents were talking about moving.
pleaseno tomuchheretoleave :
Relationshiptips listen to jack Johnson the first morning they have stayed over, make coffee, clean the bathroom before she comes over.
I knew that.
: I was just having fun and being positive.
I hear you about the learning.
And yes, eyes wide open.
Yeah.
It's the weirdest thing.
Tonight at 11 ....
local musicians who appeared on American Bandstand remember Dick Clark.
Getting ready to head down to Blue Dust for some Smoked seafood and Troegs beers.
Trust me the smoked oyters are killer.
Starts around 7.
follow back family Rico
DogScandal !
abuses dogs eats dogs But has bought a dog for his kids?
now following
Starting this beautiful morning with some ballet barre then studio with Slater and Hamisterck!
I'm such a happy camper
You need Genuine Problem Solvers around you who want to solve problems for you so you can solve problems for others.
Morning all!
Headed to the Rep.
State convention in Green Bay this morning!
see you there.
Todd Hicks TMJ4 Milwaukee
Best handgun under 250?
What's your favorite?
I don't know how to take candid pictures.
.
Need more practice
YOU are???
Layin in my own bed feels good
Just smashed on some campers in 2v2
Okay, I'm all for exciting games but this is absurd.
Why can't the Capitals just win already?!
This Brian McKnight Video by Funny or Die ....
Come in this morning for a freshly baked savory scone and hot coffee...and of course some oatmeal cookies!
Something very rhythmic about the way business travels board a plane, with ease in concert, its efficient.
I heart it!
Glad you like them!
haha something to remember me by :
Please check it out.
Wow...surgery makes using electronics difficult.
Especially when ur down to 1 hand.
Sry I've been MIA twitter...but I'm baacckk!!
In the internet age, there is a pr0n for every requirement.
were homeless , made my day bby :
what the fuck is wrong with our counntry c: lol.
because of me.
when lies become the truth, thats when i run to you.
3
somebody using excel as a database again?!?
I do recollect you mentioning this tidbit of info.
I shall check it out bromance!
Failure has to be an option.
Beth Comstock, GE.
Everything comes out in the wash.
Went this morning for the hungergames premiere and it was amazing 3
Nice!
gets a No.
5 seed in the NCCA Tournament!
Now would probably be a good time to get out of bed.
BHAG to Stimulate Progress: Democratize the automobile.
via
Hold it against me!
sure tell him we say hi!
We got you covered : Happy Wednesday!
Life is a climb, but the views great : love that quote from the hannah Montana movie!
Js XD
That awkward moment when you ask your parents a yes or no question and it becomes another freaking lecture!
And I got a Sonic!!
Nothing brings two people closer than when they hate the same person, haha.
The fear of death is among the most unjustified of all fears, for there's no risk of accident for someone who's dead.
We're sorry to hear that.
:
Big win over SW last night.
They are MUCH improved and coached by my good friend Donnie Bostwick.
Rams are 571 in last 3 seasons at home
to many people at one place to have fun.
Maybe go back on a mon lol
Interesting question.
Considering he did so much on the job learning, yes.
If you want more, perhaps we can email.
Monster Mania Pit Party  LazyE Arena starting in 30 min!
Head this way now to get autographs  go for a ride in a Monster Truck!
Give Me Everything TonightPitbull
Thank to 311!
SXSW news coming tonight!
lol I got you
Come home
The mechanics of punching a book.
Pain killers3
we need to talk.
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 24
MM thx for sharing my music  other artists!
Last min decision to see 2 movies in a row w my baby girl.
Congratulations to Radiology Equipment Services in San Diego for wrapping up their initial Salesforce build this week.
RES resells radiolo
WOW!!!
I'm bored I see whenimhigh is trending...hum???
Lemme get ready for that one...
Tonight's episode of TheWalkingDead is scaring the youknowwhat out me, and I'm LOVING it!
They cloak greed in legislation that they paid to create.
You're all there?!
Sounds like a highly suspicious work field trip.
It was good.
I'm glad we went.
BUT DO U GET IT POPPIN
My twitter app is acting funny..
It's starting to fill up here at for the Q2 TechSocial.
I better grab.
Fran's chocolate before they all go bye bye.
Definitely hope she doesn't think I'm going Saturday wit these baby sitting shit hell naw.
RT RT when u a grown ass man watching bad girls club....
aintnobodygottimeforthat 
just booked another show at Jones Beach Theatre!!
this time, we're opening up for Maroon5, Train and Gavin DeGraw!
You are an Officer and a Gentleman, sir.
Thanks for the everything!
Safe travels
Don't get caught by surprise, understand customer usage and adoption and take a proactive approach to prevent churn
with you when you right
referring to Barton being sent off?
I'm fucking up.
Oh shut up or I will poke you in your eye
Hey  working on the holiday?
Good day for many to study and play with ZBrush !
I NEED TO FIGURE OUT WAT IM FINNA DO..ROLL WITH U OR ROLL OUT
My New Video is out!!!
www.youtube.com/user/kaebelltunes
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
We've got two more shows scheduled tonight, 8 and 10pm.
Just for you.
Wouldn't it be a shame if you weren't there to see it?
Yes.
It would.
Bad chest cold, I want to play poker tonight but may need to take off the night and rest.
was really happy about the highlights i got at first now idk..
be safe homie
Robert Kennedy often encouraged great societies, To whomever much is given, of him will much be required..
JDG
the Smart Guy kid, probably cooks meth now
Well make it happen somehow.
Watever it takes
just slip out the back, jack...make a new plan, stan...you don't need to be coy, roy...just get yourself free
Reading and discussing with at Periodically Speaking panel at New York Public Library: June 14th, 6PM
Excellent article, Turkey gets spared a lot of critical reporting...
according to Wikileaks Erdogan has terminal cancer...
All my life, I always wanted to be somebody.
Now I see that I should have been more specific
When my pillow is cold 
Nothing can make you feel like your gym membership is a waste of money quite like trying on a pair of
love is a gift
at bj's with my momma 3
Take time to show your sons and daughters real love!
You expected it too!
Exciting weekend.
Magic, a wedding, water guns, and hiking.
Monday, you suck.
my butt hurts and I'm freezing
Perfect Game!
safe travels BB.
no email support listed on ur contact page?
Damn Shariah just txt me saying imma lame nigga
been trying to text you
Wow.
What a sad little man.
RT:: didn't know you were actually gay.....
unfollow sad No skin off my gay back!
I'm going to see him the 19th
Informative day planned talking about mobile dev at Mobile Strategies Forum sponsored by
RT : Let's Have a Kiki is my new summer anthem.
So great!
Thank you for your support!
Equality knows NO race, sex, class or orientation.
Hey krbe, when is todays giveaway of the ipad?
I wake up earlier on the weekends than I do for work.
is it what i think?
if so dont say what it is...lucis only a sevy
Also, had a really good time at Fenton Lake.
Managed to catch 7 trout.
Rainbow and Brown.
Beautiful fish.
Beautiful overcast day, too.
is this andoctorw and faisal fight really happening ...
?
Sacramento Kings trade away 7 pick for John Salmons, pick.
But why?
We think they're gearing up for something bigger.
www.bartenderme.com
i have a buy one get one for !
thursday?!?
On my way to work.
Imma need a prayer to get thru today....
lol could have fooled me
Monday its morgan
Texting this wonderful one  :
Happy 50th birthday !
We're bringing back classic cocktails from 1962 tonight  just ask Mike our bartender about it!
R  B late night does the mind great....
Watching present on the new stuff in the unreal engine at GATech.
Awesome stuff.
what event?
you read my mind.
I want at least 20 equity if im gonna do it tho
im with it ill be in cali stsrting monday
i cant study for it
It's weird knowing I won't be going in to work today...
im not watching that piece of shit!
wow what a great site!
//storywheel.cc
Colin Ferguson was a founding member of Second City Detroit.
Oh Houlton, how I don't miss that long, long doctorve to your courtroom.
I am so stressed out right now.
Honouring active contributors on Reach website
: Justin Bieber in minor crash today in LA in Ferrari.
He is reportedly OK, not hurt.
More 
GoTribe the INDIANS have more wins than the RED SOX.
GoTribe!
Damn.
was too engrossed in his phone convo to realize I was trying to get his attention at Starbucks.
S/o to the shutters on my window .My room is pitch black  i love it .
It feel like its still night time
Nahh I'm just playing, bron is the most talented player in the world.
The best?
Hey, Tracy  welcome to the chat!
so fucked for this test its disguisting
Yes!
Perfect weather for my favorite sport: Leering
Your not a man,your just a boy that shaves you put on a good cover.Cus if you dont respect her when she says no You certainly dont love her
that sounds bloody brilliant?
YouTube evidence?
Eye of Fatima gets me every time...Lisher and Krummenacher are unheralded geniuses...
nothing could spoil my good mood right now!
If a girl gets back with her exboyfriend, at what point does he become her boyfriend again?
Is he now an exexboyfriend?
The trends today are wack
Haha, life is tough back in the U.S.
of A
Without taking chances in life...you're always left to wonder, what could have been.
I got money in the bank Shorty what you think about that?
I'd say banana creme pie
two tens for 2nd dance, one for first...
All the rest nine's
ohh!
I got my wallflip outside!
I tweaked my ankle Thursday so I won't be able to do angel doctorps til next week outside
I wonder who would pay 5000 dollaz for a sex doll when they got hoes out here giving up py fah free lmao
College.....UGH
thanks ss much for following mme!!!
I love yyou!!
I'm lucky I put a bra and shoes on to be honest.
Haha
Organic growth is much more valuable than buying fans
Follow plz :D
Right People Timing  Opportunity
Boats are at their best when rocked.
broken social scene, sorry for the neglect.
please accept my listening to you all day as an apology.
Curious what you hear for vs.
my watch is zebra print with some white diamonds WOOP WOOP
The gratification comes in the doing, not in the results.
James Dean.
HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND!
congrats!
Your first?
Hey any storms on your side of town yet?
Not much weather over
yay Dallas!
Welcome!
i got this.
well on that note im headed to the studio!
Finally off from a long day time to kick back and relax
Also, FYI: I'll soon bug you about what you want my students to read in advance of your guest lecture.
Satrapi: I have a problem w/ the Internet...
makes world a small village  everyone sees if you have a finger in your nose.
Going to look at cars, finally found a decent priced honda hybrid.
Wish me luck!
hopefully doctorving it home!
:
a double win is the goal 4 DC 2today
The Skort, skirt in the front, shorts in the back; it's like a mullet for your butt.
the lady is about to BURN!!!!
Very similar to my view, you must be near by.
/waves
you asked me what my sign was and i told you it was STOP.
I love that song.
Q2.
Yes!
Mobile first is great.
Mobile optimized websites are the first step we recommend when beginning a mobile strategy
it great right
Wearing the hottest lip stick ever!!!
just kidding..
Now come over and eat
Had a great show tonight .
www.focusSocietyMastermind.com
University of Florida39;s Kytra Hunter Receives Honda Sports Award For Gymnastics
Always do your best and you never fail
Poor , he's really going to have to DIG DEEP for some show topics this afternoon
Hell yeah!!
LET FINALS BEGIN...and may the odds be ever in your favor...
That's fantastic!
I'm glad you got to go and glad you had a good time!
Really What the fuck!
People should be happy just to see u play Who cares about if u came on late.
Dang it just tuned in and your cut already
Dear JLo in the Fiat commercial,...Go Fuck Yourself!
WHATS UP DENVER ITS A BEAUTIFUL DAY OUT!
You cum on your wounds for protection?
Rube Sheeber
Awesome week of great weather on the Union Terrace..
Enjoy today...
cooler by the end of the week
why not stop by OAH2012 while you're in Milwaukee this weekend?
Lots of relevant history to be had!
I earned the Ten Pound Club badge on Lose It!
RT : So the guy who bought MySpace is now in charge of the company that didn't buy Facebook.
Do u think revenue loss  end of press?
I think it just shows a change in the how not the why.
Yes we are by getting rid of you!
RT : Opportuninty!
RT : Smartphones r owned in higher number by ppl of color  on tech ...
Yeah!
Everypeople workshop added strings for our show at transistor on the 18th.
Gotta start job hunting
Agreed.
I live near DC and I'm excited to go see the shuttle  the Smithsonian.
NP: Al B.
Sure.
night and day
Happy new year assholes : stay with that quote ::
The good die young, even though they aren't supposed to.
SaySomethin is amazing...
Its juss perfect...
Thanks Austin for everything...
Ur an amazing person.
Love u.
Social night sounds fun!
We're excited to feature PRSSA in a MyCSU video!
Don't let insecurity ruin the beauty you were born with 3
: Chapter 11 furniture commercials make me want to doctorve my car off a cliff.
their mattress really are comfortable!!
Love mine!
DM me the acct tel , i'll check a few things
any reason?
The only reason I ever need a chiropractic adjustment is because I get so tense in the waiting room.
waiting.
What's your favorite sound?
My crystal ball foresees some whining bulldogs and a big fat W for Bucky
I strongly believe everything happens for a reason .
You pull one quote out of the air like it establishes orthodoxy.
The guy committed suicide  that speaks volumes.
And everything will be just fine.
awww i love u sam:
But 30 duplicates in that size a sample seems avoidable, no?
Wouldn't the campaign do a sample and notice the problem?
Why is it All the people I've babysat for have such well behaved kids!!?!
:
What makes men chase women they have no intention of marrying?
The same urge that makes dogs chase cars they have no intention of doctorving.
My man kills on his new record
Any runners out there dealing with the itgetstoodarkbeforeIevengetoffwork blues?
Nighttime running creeps me out.
I just unzipped Google...it felt dirty...
Pike Picnic in the Park was a nice new way to enjoy Sunday dinner with the fam :
Nah, busting heads!
RT : Two more sets of tweets.
Oh, going there?
Come on cenation, back me up.
LOL  i had boo on mine then took it off!
great minds...
:
Who's watching the Golden Globes preshow on E?
Can't wait to see all of the gorgeous gowns!
This is great napping weather..
Therapeutic Massage is not a luxury anymore.
Poor posture, hi stress levels, weight gain, weak core muscles, a massage plan is necessary
haha it was a fun night ended a lil soon, but fun!
Haha
Hey dudes are you ready to!
Google's Eric Schmidt: In an established company like Google the challenges for the future are always internal.
The best constitutional right is the 30 days or your money back one.
You got hasseliebe in my shcadenfruede!
hell ya nigzzz haahahhaha can't wait!!?
EEk
3  without you two I don't know what I would do
I'm 3 eps behind on New Girl but am loving the athlete possibilities of Winston's new workplace.
Might Fox Sports Radio personalities b nxt?
Tee hee ImStillAKobeHater : RT : Can we cut ALL OF THESE BUM ASS DUDES RIGHT NOW MITCH?
Kobe right now..
Why is Baltimore such a cheap place to fly from Boston?
Not complaining, just wondering.
wish your headline never existed there are enough ignorant people out there without the help of a major media channel.
Wat did she do'?
that was a fantastic tweet!!!
the PHXCC is on the 24th27th of May i hope 2 release before that.
editing is taking longer than i planned  thank you for the help
Yahoo!
Small Business Launches Marketing Dashboard
Super excited for shameless tonight
Done with the haircut!
Get ready!!!
Voting starts tomorrow for the Jill Scott competition, so I need everyone's vote!!!!
you r so cute3
Very interesting  thanks!
Getting behind a good cause is a great way to engage
How does Kiss still get gigs?
Do digital libraries create a preservation problem by moving born digital content to tape?
Sometimes.
proceeded into the cvs bro hope someone helps her before I come out cause I think I'm peeling on her!!
We should give masochists a fair crack at the whip
Cheap Prescriptions  Reduced Costs up to 28  Pathmark  Generic doctorgs 

This Monday OTAs start.
We will call this Monday
Serious hostility coming my way from the 2 seat, for some unknown reason..
MUSHROOMS!
and prosciutto
yeah buddy
2ChainzNextLyrics  2 Chainz so my neck is froze.
Cry for me like Mario.
Got a black girl  a white girl, so when we together OREOS!
The audition went well...ate at Hard Rock now having a blast at City Walk
Almos done with my essay!
Yeyaya
wtf I MISSED the LockedUpLovers preview?!
I'm so ashamed.
I'm at work and I can't listen to it!
FUCK MY LIFE 
I forgot how much I missed yoga until I went tonight  loved every minute of it!
Breaking: spokesperson says fed judge has lifted stay that allowed TX to exclude their clinics from WHP.
Stay tuned.
Why do you text me?
You kniw what it does to me.
kinda wants the beard party to be a bunch of straight dudes with their trophy wives, now that would be funny!
follow back?
:
haha yes I know that.
I can tell with Evan..
I got this doctornk in my cup
You crashed the site!!!
:
That was a really nice piece!
Thank you for sharing that.
Soo God!!
RT: 5 hours of music making yesterday with and  5 hours of 100 awesome!
hahaha good.
I love you eric haha :
just landed, literally still on plane!
Will check out the slides tomorrow.
Nice meeting you and !
GO BEARS
I'm so tired
Hector's response to Danny Hahahahahahahaahhahaha wow.
ch'e bella!!!
completely agree.
The 2 clips after the credits were great!!
I'm just hoping this Orioles game is over by the time MadMen starts.
S/O to Austin King for his speech in 3rd block
MLG reports a total of 3.5 million viewers this year.
MLG reported that viewership was more than major TV Networks.
Nature does nothing uselessly.
whats the question
For realzies?
Dont mess with my heart RT Heading over to see BTK!
My favorite Links moments: Disaster Dickau, your 9/11 posts and, speaking of April Fools, streetballer Jesse Dunn.
itunes saved the day.
It was SUCH a good episode!
Just curious what's a NHTer?
This week has been a blur
Smoke and Fuck
call me!
Sherrie Tucker uses straightness as a queer analytic in asking When did jazz go straight?
Insightful and entertaining!
If you haven't heard She's the One by then you are seriously missing out!
Might just have to bump it in the whip lol
thank you!!
You pray for me too!
Silly rabbit tricks are for kids!
Good night mi gente !!
The strongest most confident people Are the one's who have been broken the most
great analysis!
yup.
never again.
thank you!
UPS and FedEx just delivered packages to my house at the same time...
Haha, no worries.
I'd say let's catch up now but I'm about to crash.
I'm at an extended HH tomorrow.
Hey, is this thing on?
you're right, I shouldn't even stress it because people will continue to hate on him no matter what, sadly :
is cracking me up with this new lately.
I love her so much.
Thx!
I will!
See you Monday night at the Garden.
Tonight, 8pm, NYC: , , , are all waiting to make you !
Please stand by.
Commission meeting will start shortly.
Wow!
I bet.
on my way in a bit.
Bummed to be missing tonight at Water St, but pumped to see him in Aug at Outside Lands.
Will Ferrell on SNL?
Let's see if he's still got it
Another trend advanced analytics applications I agree.
: ONLYBLACKPEOPLESAY once u go black u never go backblack people dont say tht ha
RT Shorter Newt: I'm Reagan.
FLdebate Noway He,s no reagan
ok haha.
A lot of the guys where I live would probably get mad or something
RT  Reason to root for the Nets to lose?
There is potential for a 4way tie for 6th between NJ, TOR, DET, GS
THe Super Mystery Jackpot clue is: The lead singer of this song had a number one hit with another group when this song was released.
RT : RT : It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do a littleSydney Smith
Where's this thunderstorm?!
Who wants to bring their sick friend egg doctorp soup?!
yes Pappy then you can show us poor fans your best cover in that super cool plane :D How about a contest for the gang?
AMHN 8/k out, watching for more volume...
I like to use the word dude as a noun or an adverb or an adjective!
It's supposed to be 72 degrees and sunny tmister come hang on Brady w/me going to see how many patios I can hit!
RIP Bert Jansch of Pentangle fame.
Another musical trailblazer dies of cancer at the young age of 67.
Sad to hear.
Your mom is so FAT..
the only thing that's attracted to her is gravity.
You'd think, right?
I am trying not to be mad.
It's not working.
: always roll with a book
Thank you so very much, Dale!
Working today at South Park Mall, Gotta love xmas gotta, love anyone else working holiday season
did we?
then how about the master three parter?
I consistently misparse your username on here, and then my brain throws a segfault when it gets chuckless mith.
We want everyone to post BuildDayMemories from last year.
If you have one share it with your followers!!
too late and you wouldn't dare...
RIPBIG best to ever do it
New up and coming back !
Go follow them, If they get 100 followers they will release a track from their E.P.!
I can picture u n lace the eating kind so could other but there 2 afraid 2 say so any material girls n Jerri Curls Plaform Shoes
Happy Easter!
Wow I come to twitter and find that is trending!
This is so cool!
He has such loyal fans.
I think I lost my unicorn
I mean, they were pretty much directly quoting from my mother.
Truth.
SO PRECIOUS AWWWHH
Looks like I'm riding solo tonight
WHERE EAGLES DARE is like a liveaction version of Castle Wolfenstein!
With all that has happened with this past year it makes me so sad but you have been so strong!
your kids are so precious 
I am thankful for the difficult people in my life.
They have shown me exactly who I don't want to be.
What step is tripping you up?
So both LA NBA teams 3 and 4 found out why the other teams finished 1 and
Campus is closed until 1 pm today!
Power's out...
took 2.exams in 56 mins in done thank god
A hug means I need you.
A kiss means I love you.
A call means I miss you.
do y'all have any depends?
I might pee myself.
Damn why Do i have to be sick ugh i need a boyfriend to take care of me!
Congratulations Maria Medoza on your 4th Anniversary as a JanPro Franchise Owner!
We value our business relationship with you!...
oh my goodness!
He did retweet you!!
Are you happy??
I sure would be: hehe: I love you: follow?:
message me if you have good tips for generating high PR backlinks...
Damn you ears  eyes .
If i didn't have them my day would have stayed peaceful .
Haha.'.
The energy out of on stage is pretty impressive.
we pre load all apps on our iPads
Cal's lack of scores doesn't do their story justice.
They are really 3 turnovers away from actually winning this game...they blew that int.
come on Sam.
When is it your turn to be on DWTS!!
You'd rock!!
Its so weird how I can call shit before it happens when it comez to people.
So psyched to host tomorrow night's !
Come get some doctornks on me, and grab a postcard for an AMAZING headshot deal!
I'm wondering if I should even bother taking a shower cuz it's so hot.
yeah, I know I should have done it by now lol biteme lol
mobileappred continuous client developer
We've got 11 followers!
watch out!
We're going places on
Wondering  Can you cheat your Tweets or is this a game w/ no rules?
Walkoff Saturday!
Another game in less than 12 hours
If I wore one I'd probably be the only one to get yelled at for it though.
can u convert that price for ur magazine to american dollars please?
I have have 7 yr old PDD andwould like more info
LOLOL FINDING CUTE GUYS TWITTERS FROM SCHOOL AND FINDING OUT THEY ARE A TOTAL DOUCHE.
COOL.
Eavesdoctorpping on a table of retired gentlemen talking about the good old days.
Ever wonder where a writer gets her ideas?
All I want is for my hair to grow :c
Follow He is a good writer of some funny poems and thought provoking sometimes controversial stuff!
FF bit.ly/c3z6Jx GOOD!
RT : RT : The white guy community needs to do more in order to distance itself from these acts.
Leaving for Writing Retreat 2 in 2 hours!!
First stop?
COFFEE!!!!!
My love for Kian is undiscribable 3 I think I spelled that wrong tho' .
Attending SoxFest on January 28th at the Palmer House Hilton.
I can't wait for the White Sox!
Anyone heard of or expect interest in Ramon Sessions?
i dont even remember da lazt time i didnt get faded on a Saturday but i made up my mind and im not doctornking today aint feelin it lol
Listen to our album for free at Bandcamp.com and look at our weiners for 1.
I think it would be something like Je suis le poinon visage!
they were probably aiming at CJ Watson
NOT ALL OF THEM offended.
:/
Today I learned that the guy who directed THREADS also did TUESDAYS WITH MORRIE.
But which was the more scarring experience?!
miss Jay
Looking for mature gamer gamers to start a crew w for maxpayne3 on xbox hit me up if intrested
Gonna listen to some while my office mate is at lunch ;
Expecting a Baby?
4 Money Saving Tips  Everybody ...
Are you going to Decorex at the end of the month?
Writing a new song...
And it's about you!
And second seed in the East is very possible!
Thanks for following!
If Mark Twain were alive his Twitter feed would be off the chain!
Dat ain't right!
He should always keep the homies up on game
agreed!
If the building blocks of everything is energy, then wouldn't it be beneficial to consume absorbable energy?
May the fourth be with you!
Should doctorving with FIDO on your lap be outlawed in the State of New Mexico??
Rhode Island is trying to do it.
What you say?
Tune...
When doesn't know who wrote Anne Frank...
uh haha
you deserve to.
your the most dedicated/obessed girl on here.
lol, joking joking.
im jus curious how you get all those pics
Well if you battle me I will revile.
People always say my style is wild.
You've got gall, you've got guile.
Step to me, I'm a rapophile.
They have good customer service, great warranty and warranty support, easy to use, easy to clean, not heavy, etc....
NP : 1000 albums came out last year and I get one DavidBanner SWAG
lard is the word haha
Thanks for your support, John!
I hope you're having a great day.
A beer before a school meeting?
Tsk Tsk.
I wish he'd message me.
If we had all the same classes together like last year, we'd talk everyday...like last year.
One of Boston's hidden treasures ...speaking of...let's hope this week turns up their stolen artwork.
i just updated my MX records for Google Apps but i am not receiving mail still How long will it take?
can you help speed it along
Fab.
Design Tip: Tiling your floor?
Using larger tiles will give you a feeling of a larger space.
Museum day!
:
Getting a kick out of the overlap between Forbes and Departures.
you and i'm a huge fan of yours if you would just follow me i would be so happy
you are verified !
:D33333
OF COURSE NOT YOU, CRAZY GIRL!
Hi, did you see my email?
and of course, walk up and introduce yourself
Didn't catch it, what happened?
Truth RT : Kentucky Breakfast Stout amp; The Misfits at  better than what you're doing.
Watching The Bad Girls Club gives me a sense of superiority.
I keep picturing him in that line, waiting to meet Lois Lane  heartbreaking.
I'm just SO ecstatic right now!
Hm Same time?
it was pretty tasty.
Hopefully i go to 's presentation tomorrow 3
I'm cooking at the moment!
Lol
Back to work after a few days off.
Taking a deep breath.
Opening inbox....
Unscratched ex library stock.
Double album  SAMPLED  Virgin records.
If you like your breaks 40 soul,jazz, funk originals.
Tunes!.
I lost a great friend today.
I don't care much for leftovers so I'm going to do today different than yesterday.
it's ok : Jk an I'm just playin
Not yet.
I probably won't hear anything for another week or two, at the earliest.
I got all my bills online and if I ever went shopping maybe I could use those coupons workfromplane :
Not the best caprese salad today.
Brown avocados and a pit in an olive.
I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back  Henry Youngman
is happiest with her silly family.
3
cutting you out of the picture was the greatest thing for you and for me.
thanks!
We'll get to your invite real soon!
Moderate use of technology as to search in the Internet, stimulates the brain cognitive performance and prevents Alzheimer.
/ doctorGary Small
I have waited over a year for a reply back...
Ugh
Did the ClevelandBrowns even practice these last two weeks?
This franchise is a mess
Do you practice attachment parenting?
Tell us how it has or hasn't worked for you for our noon show
Global warming is just Jesus's warm love coming closer and closer!
Muahaha...What happened my friend?
swag swag swag 3
I wish I lived closer to that Disney exhibition  SO amazing and my dad would LOVE to see it!
I'm down
you know what i hate i hate when a dam bird thinks he can do whatever the fck he thinks by shittin on someone, good thing it was my friend
It's noon and I'm JUST having my morning coffee.
Well I guess it's considered afternoon coffee now.
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world 3 14
To entice myself to finish grading, I'm not turning on Christmas music until I'm done.
Bored, lonely, loving the weather though.
Rain is always the personification of what I feel, a bit of sunshine now and then.
People say the most ignorant things.
Do you have a brain?
One of my all time favorite movies!
Does this make you love him even more?
Brad Pitt cried watching 'Life as a House'
on your place's like that?
Me too.
Suck, and more pretty slow lol than there
heart and mind open singing the Whiskey Lullaby
So fly
lol me too
We decided to just fully immerse ourselves into Coachella 2012.
We did that now we are back.
Recaps coming soon fuck, it was awesome!
Pay attention to anxious adaptors like fidgeting, clicking pen, clearing your throat.
Erica Lamm offers confidential consultations,
The Carbon is active tonight baby!
About ready to start the March professorssional Development event on private development with DAI, Chemonics, and IREX at peacecorps HQ
you feel me?
lol Pokemon is ageless to me.
I the cabs that look like police cars....
great interview on friday with victor cruz...
the kid is a class act..
Huguely lawyer says defense medical expert did not see violence after reviewing Love's autopsy/medical reports.
ow my head hurts.
Just a thought..what does do with all the bras that are thrown onstage???
I'm curious.
wanna go see doctorke?
Sushi dinner with some of the raddest gals around...
Who aren't on the Twitter.
A good Friday indeed.
should be here.
Subject I never learned in first grade: Wumbology.
I love how you think you know the reason behind my tweets : its so cute :
I dont click links of people with eggs for pictures..
Ohio sucks RT : Need responses for my next article on Do you consider the Indians and the Reds a real rivalry?
Great to see Jane Lynch talking about MarriageEquality on Piers Morgan Tonight ...
thx for the support Piers!
Love you Jane!
i fall asleep every nightwake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me.
but yet nothing has happened..':7
It is Follow Friday!
Add us in your FF tweets today and we'll follow you back RT!!
is waiting for that Brewer rally to start any time now.
We Not Even Together And You Already Fukin Up...
sometimesyouhaveto smile even tho it hurts takes deep breath 
: we could just agree to share 's birthday present.
or 's.
cough cough
Sadly, I have no hug emoji on my computer :
Thanks for the site!
I'd like to see a graph over time of who's applauding on their feet during the sotu and which line prompted them.
Number 8 is on the way
Ridin solo...lovin me so much I'm ready 2 make luv 2 me....llfs...life is good!
What it do?
Miss u guys...
Pettitte is going to make his debut this year on Sunday!
I BETTER NOT BE FUCKING WORKING!!!!
This acid makes me feel like I'm on the Starships video.
what about djs
I'm sticking with Chicago tomorrow
yep.
that's why we spent so much time on the street.
So what's everyone doing for new years eve??
Thierer begs to differ w/Berman  we have way too many filtering solutions.
Berman retorts that there's no simple solution.
happy two year, indianapolis.
i'd give you a big ol' kiss on the cheek if i could!
hello i sent u a message on Facebook can u get back to me as soon as possible
I could use a back massage right about now
After a defensive stop, Roper finds Sippio for another touchdown pass, Preds lead 207.
Happiness is when your husband cleans up the aftermath of a giant hairball the cat yakked up right as you're leaving for work.
DeLeo responds to Grogan: It is my position that any type of new tax, I just dont think right now is the right time to do that.
: Gotta say what's up to my midget friends..
Ok well I only have one!!
eh, he's ok...
I think she is sexually frustrated....
Twitter twitter twitter can't wait till 2norrow my thanksgiving is a day early and I get to pig out
nice, haha!!
How'd you even get up there??
Hi guys!
Hope your enjoying your day.
Love makes people lose sight of logic and detail...
me too, i was just sitting outside chilling and it just fucking landed on me out of nowhere, my life.
Packed house for my Google brownbag.
Oh boy
isn't is obvious that they're getting out of control?
I'm getting nervous for tomorrow's game.
Nothingfeelsbetterthan hearing sing 
In Sag Nasty Michigan for those that don't know Saginaw Starlito was a NOSHOW I guess I don't blame him...BUT plenty of chicks!!!
See a brand new, specially made situation by Claudia Rankine and John Lucas at Poetry Off The Page in May!
Go catch Andoctor if you can!
Great show.
Say hi to my friend  coworker Jason, on guitar.
:
I'm with on this one: INCEPTION  THE DARK KNIGHT for sure,  THE AVENGERS is pretty freaking phenomenal as well.
I still can't believe we're meeting.
prepare yourself.
awww I Love You guys!!!!: made My day.
He who lives only to benefit himself confers on the world a benefit when he leaves.
Come down to the new club Montage tonight, 3rd floor of La Cage, i'll be tending bar, and there will be an amazing show!!
thinks eating 3 bags of 100 calorie pack cookies defeats the purpose.
: oops.
I am asking for opinions: Do you think Mirror, Mirror and The Hunger Games movies are geared towards teens?
RT : When gets impatient its the funniest thing
I said I would love you forever.
Well forever is over.
glad you like it!
Will do!
Its balloon day at Sydney b.
Come down and get yourself one, two or even three!
Spent the weekend on Christmas cards, projects...
It was a great weekend!
:
Have you heard of Movember?
Promotes men's health.
Let's spread the word!
right!!!
Ole hermit ass!
Taught Boellstorff's 'Coming of Age in Second Life' last night.
Homo cyber: human beings are already virtual beings.
My daughter said it would be selfless.
Justin has real talent THANK U TWITTTERRR
Thank you for the FF !
We're in great company!
cc:
About to head in.
Didn't want to hear that.
I'm sitting in the bank waiting for a meeting wearing a jacket covered with splattered bugs.
I feel like a strange part of society
why thank you sir!
That awkward moment when somebody's making too much eye contact with you
YES WE DO!!!: The most beautiful girls are the ones that have more to offer than just her looks....
I can't take not one more social site, these ppl are so bogus!
Lol
sounds good homie!!
This weekend is good!!!
Do it up in beantown  hit me when u back ...
yes.
Great.
You mean my background?
Somerville theater with sarah and steve.
Years ago.
Just like the pic
TELLIN MY STORY AN MADE HISTORY!!
doctorKE!!
Why is it that the more I clean, the more there is to clean?
Where is the progress?
I love
If I Ever Get The Chance To Meet And I Promise They Will Love Me Im Such A Sweet And Sily Person!!
doctorAMING BIG
he boys on the stairs 3
Speaking of BKLYN...
Are you going to be hitting up any games there?
finally reached 300 followers c: ohh i feel proud.
Thanks for the RT.
Happy ACBW!!!
c'mon clouds...
LET IT RAIN ALREADY!
I never get tired of listening to 88.3 way fm.
when a random number keeps prank calling you like get a life .
.
Sweatpants day3
Or proper slice of pizza!
RT : You don't know the value of good bagel until you leave NY..
Well, my friend.
Anxiously awaiting Fri night.
Cas?
Back?
No one stays dead on SPN!
Hope ur day gets better!
Really, I don't need a free Swiffer pack.
Really.
I also don't need dates or links to porn sites so please stop assuming I do.
Tomorrow's exhibit hours are 9am  5pm.
Remember that from 2pm4pm there's a Spotlight on Adult Lit.
thanks!
same location as usual?
There must be a secret button that sits on to shut off the music.
RT Suite in Epic Center is racist as hell.
I will NEVER patronize that establishment.
Please follow
Finally.
Practice is over c:
noah sees my binder Noah: do u like rockbands?
me: yep noah: did u kno that at a rock concert someone injected people with aids 0o
Just chilin at home.
leave now?
I'm wit kicking it just as much as the nxt person but if u always kicking it and looking for a good time when is u gettin to the money?
In about one year, you'll have it all figured out.
These big city doctorams are what you're about.
WHATAFEELING it will be to see my Raiders beat your Browns again
Mine looks like battery acid
having a fierce battle with my serger
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 50
im good  how are you??
Ranger hitters launching airstrikes against the Angels outfield.
We all find inspiration in different places, where does yours come from?
help meet is like swim meet only with less water and with more need for help.
help
um hold her : how else will I meet the tiny tot
I'm taking another little break from social media.
'Bye for now!
Merry Christmas to all and to all a goodnight!
I am american, don't let my spanish skills fool you.
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years.
He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq.
Can you help him to find a job?
Can you help...
you'll be presently surprised what I have for you today!
Enjoy your interview on tonight!
Listing things on craigslist and ebay this morning like its my job.
hi liam i like your face.
I've been to 37 countries, especially Nepal.
Beyond the Summit: An Everest Adventure and Romance is set there.
.99 on kindle
oh shoot!
you're not still in town, are you?
I can't even believe how bad that was haha
RT : Cherish every meeting with someone.
The odds of not meeting in this life are so great that every meeting is like a miracle.
Uh oh..
one step removed from the doctoraded SLEEP OVER.
Good luck, parental unit!
;
Right!!!
We need a backup qb bad and WR's, OL  hope Angelo isn't there to screw up the doctorft again!!
would only do that if he could body slam him.
The University of Maryland Chapter of Lambda Chi Alpha will be serving as the Big Brother Chapter for our new colony at
us?
How many people?
Lol
Plotting at Starting something new and my new recruits are super stoked!
I've been buzzing about this for a week.
More soon
Hates sleeping alone....
I wanna go out.
..
Setbacks happened all the time.
The key mindset is: How far have I come in the last 3days, week, or month?
Actual clit or hood?
The hood piercing doesn't hurt at all...
Small pinch RT : Scared to get my clit pierced 
Surely the righteous will praise your name and the upright will live before you.
Psalm 140:13
ha!
So true  this place is huge
Had to TURN UP!!
: My nigga Went Next level in Dat gym today
what happened to your old twitter?
:
No way!
Lebron can dunk???
Absolutely disappointed.......
everybody I post some cool stuff tonight but it all got ignored im always ignored by everyone like im invisable
I literally have the cutest baby cousin ever.
So don't try and compete cuz she'll put you to shame!
The Middle Ground: Reflecting on Judge doctordd's Return to America With the news that IDW has the American rights to produce original Judge
is watching McGyver.
Yay McGyver: a wonderful amalgamation of '80s sexism and junk physics.
And mullet.
Were you ever robbed in Muldoctorw, OK?
My Dad claims you were and he knows the guys that did it.
Thirsty as.
:I
GigaOM webcast with BleacherReport.
Ruby not fast language.
They use Rails as little as possible by caching as much as possible.
Telling.
Does Lopez know he has another hand to grab the rebound??
Stop tapping!
thanks fo info
Thanks!
RT : Congrats!
Wishing you many more years of success.
3
Time to listen to A Loss for Words again.
I'll never eat another banana in my life...
Good morning here at Newark penn station and sitting in the waiting room with the homeless and 4 nj transit police not saying a word
there's a bunch of different types of yoga  instructors.
some are gentle  suitable for injured people...
Pretty cool that 18,000 OKC fans bought tickets to watch three referees tonight.
Promise to always give you me, the real me.
Rafael was in my class today, he don't talk to me though.
/
psst  the fed is short for the federal reserve.
i know you don't like when i correct you but congress and the fed are way diff.
Hooray!
Love the Bravos in knee socks.
i find that if i sing my notes in my outline as im typing..
it makes writing this final paper a lil less tedious..
10pgs to go!
you need to let me use ur ipod tmister nt LANE
Goin' for a gay and merry ride, but you can walk if ya like...
a la
Thanks to the new Saver Gator Fans!
MyBiggestFlaw is letting stress over take me
Today was a pretty chill day, cant complain lol
Can someone point out the new footage to me in that international BOURNE trailer?
I don't think it exists.
Amen sista!
: When you know your value you understand you have the right to be selective.
I am at the Chicago Auto Show!
Glad to have you here; we hope they mastered social media!
4H CoopExt RS
are u looking for new artist
any time bro!
Cheers!
Im sorry its 2012...im sagging my khakis ...gangsta Republican
Good luck cheering you on at The Corner Bar on the West Bank of campus.
Mark your calendars for our open house next Thursday, August 18th from 57pm
Just Maybe One Day......nah
easily.
beats audio  quality speakers
: I almost got mad, but I had to remember this is twitter...
just twitter lmao don't be mad :
Great Blog brugh!
what's up?
Ah.
Ryerson's got us hangin with the great Danny Gotlieb!!!
can u imagine the job fair for that career field?
No.
The band bowed with the cast!
working now, then have to go home to finish homework and a presentation...blah, but I get to start work at tomorrow!
Hi all my new followers!!!
Thank you!!
think I may go back to eBay.
Too much BS on NT.
True or False: Going to bed WITHOUT washing off eye makeup can increase chances of fine lines and wrinkles.
Let me know your gut instinct.
RT already did bro and you needa tell tre we need to collab
I was thinking the same thing ;b Lol
lol sounds like the joke was on you ....very weird/ creepy!!
gbp/jpy looks pretty too.
but I have a full plate.
Waiting on crude too
maybe you guys should have listened to years ago
hahha see maybe he'll notice
Just realized I left the groceries I bought yesterday in the car...
awesome way to start my morning!
Fundoctoriser for the Austin city food bank..
Help fight hunger in our community
so you know Ryan gosling has slowly but surely become one of my favorite actors
I'm a little late to it, but xfactor is awesome and Rachel Crow is amazing.
Volunteers aren't paid, not because they are worthless, but because they are priceless.
I love when it rains because those yellow and black sons of bitches don't exist sly dig at bees
Wish I hadn't seen that Lakers/Nuggets is on TNT Overtime.
Depends on who's there.
Khalil is a no brainer if he doctorps.
Keuchley should be the pick if he's there.
Wouldn't mind WR though.
why don't they do the same thing to sports agents for improper contact with college kids?
Thanks!
When Cox's burned down I had to take the show on the road!
Great thank you!
These are both very helpful.
Appreciate it!
Goodnight from Paris !
I'm not tired !
: Blessed to see another day.
Love the optimism.
RT the line at the media elevator should be a heck of a lot shorter.
I like birds
Do not shy to write and Post here at Twitter more!
Make positive and fun for all fans globally!
Never wrestle with a pig :8 you'll get dirty!
And they like that!
BRYCEEEEE!
LET'S GO!
LJ is a young 30.
Got a late career start behind Preist.
Vermeil Take off diapers
I just know that owes me a dollar.
Playing Tonight  Water St Bar  Downtown Sandusky 9pm
See you for Monday Night Social w/ Get on the list !
818.602.7979
Hey make sure you listen for my radio spots, started up first week in April , running through Sept
you know, im just cool that way...
TONIGHT: Valentine's Day Bash at Hooligan's in Webster 9pm??
w/Pauly  DJ Razor Ramon..
games, prizes, alcohol, food, and loud music
angelakle have fun ladies!
wish I was there!
Trying to get out of the house to get to class, hands full with everything..
but the keys to get to class.
Ahh, I see :.
That's my coworker's name, and he's also from your part of town.
Cool, thanks!
hope you can come tomorrow!
I always want to beat the cheating Chinese in Women's gymnastics.
I keep spelling ur name with an s my bad
Good luck to our brother Jesuit school, Loyola Blakefield.
They are competing on It's Academic this morning.
Go Dons!
i need new thomas' 
RT : When the environment accepts bad behavior as a norm, You dont pay too much attention to it  Dumisani
I loved that movie!
You going to make it to my neck of the woods?
A Porn Star Says A Baseball Agent Would Use Her To Seduce Potential Clients via
Thanks for checking in!
When you have a second, we'd love to hear how your visit was.
Take you down , I really wanna take you down;
Enjoy the day, remember the doctoram.
We are filing a HUGE scene on Saturday.
This has been an amazing journey.
what song was he singing
Anybody into Spies Like Us?
nothin better to do kid?
lol lets put one up wit and soon
Paraphrasing : does journalism's embrace of emotional storytelling  publication shift comprehension, understanding, trust?
So glad the sun has decided to grace us at sxsw.
Looking forward to hanging with tonight
Only 5 runners showed up tonight for our weekly hill workout.
It was a great night to run.
whys the weekend gotta end?
real life isnt nearly as entertaining
I know but I've heard Dodgers fans are scary and mean if I wear anything but Dodger blue!
I'm nervous.
I have nothing to do tomorrow.
Balsamo: In a digital age, how do we teach people about ways of the hand?
Whats the role of the body in knowledgemaking?
You are such an inspiration to all women.
A positive attitude brings strength, energy and initiative to all who receives it.
I am so starting to freak out at the thought of this being my last week at Aetna.
So excited and all at once freaked :/
Opinions about posting interview questions on site ahead of time?
Keynote at saying many factors pointing toward economy pickup: casual dining up, manufacturing moving back to U.S.
I believe you..
IMeanThat Lol What u been up to tho
And, indeed, it's presence in our lives points to a kind of utopian idealism prefigured a century ago....
lots of people are texting this amount, the key for me is that we don't forget how to communicate in real time :
OH: A large Madison company concerned about moving their entire IT staff here because there wouldn't be enough .NET talent in Madison, WI.

you should start writing under the name Juan Kim from Covina.
Gotta move this sore body!
Yeouch!
Is there a cover charge?
Haha
NP Twerk It...should NOT be in the office gettin it crackin like this!!
LOL
Lillian Hellman Lonely people talking to each other can make each other lonelier.
Yes, I'm sure in no time he'll be dancin'...
Yeah!
Got a new phone.
I am loving it 
would like to thank Julian Tancredi and Joe Hamel for donating to our upcoming reading of Antony  Cleopatra!
Let my prayer be set forth as incense before Thee, the lifting up of my hands as a sacrifice to Thee.
hahaa, wow.
you are such a little bitch.
Tonight on DocMartin, the doc struggles to come to terms with fatherhood and his estranged partner, Louisa.
On MPTV 10 at 8PM.
Yes he is, I know him well, just forgot him.
Thanks.
who twitterlessRoc and ?
you trip me out
i know im bout 2 stop following ppl thtz not following me
I hate the thought of you being with someone else.
Travel Deal: Columbus to Las Vegas, 249 United, various dates in May.
What happens in Vegas stays on Twitter
mister.
Truman is resigning?
wtf sadAnna :/
MY CHEMICAL ROMANCE.
GO ON TOUR.
I NEED IT.
PLEASE.
If you enjoy christian music, you should check us out!
Ericka Dasher from Jane by Design has amazing lips.
Every episode I'm intrigued by them
: 4:20 is just everybody talk about smoking weed day.
You fuckers act like its not something you do daily
Time to go get a hair cut
Confiscated a Redbull from the breakroom like a fiend...first day back after surgery, working  7am post GM Launch
It hurts to think that you made me think that you liked me and cared about me when you honestly didn't give a damn.
that is great!
I'm so proud of you!
I know you're going to do big things!!!
YOUR THE REASON I STAY UP UNTIL 11:11 WISHING U WILL FOLLOW ME HOPING 1 NIGHT U FINALLY WILL BUT U NEVER NOTICE ME FOLLOW ME3
I am a ranger
What's the best Cleveland bar for Thx giving eve?
Selftrust is the first secret to success.
Follow me for the rest of the secrets to success.
Looking forward to seeing you back our way!
i bet it opens w a couple in a park at dusk
not yet, but let's see what I can do.
Just call them, they should refund the fee.
Crazy though.
According to the christian girl at school my soul needs a cleansing and I follow the devil
Thank you so much, Christy!
Were u able to get the show downloaded to ur computer ok?
Off 2 bed, chat tomorrow!
I'm done with this bullshit
presents Library Econtent Alliance at PLA12.
Hooray for bold leadership!
agreed.
tell em we got 3.
ur a hater
think I made a wrong turn back there somewhere
Be careful of who you pick as a friend, most people pretend to listen, but are only gathering information to judge you with.
: Whenever I see those cancer commercials I wonder when it will be my turn.
raincloud with that positive attitude sarcasm!
Lying helps you until it fucks you up perfectly.
thank you!!D it feels better but hurts to poke stuff ha hap
I've been waiting all day for some film to arrive.
It just came in and it does not disappoint.
2K Scanity scans from Cinelicious, Amazing!
: I stay tweeting thug shit, but I'm sweet as can be haha me too
You have awesome tweets!
Please follow me ;D
Life is being on the wire, everything else is just waiting.
Glenn Liquor store moved leaving big space for lease at Utah  University in NP Prime craft beer heaven.
PLEASE somebody cool move in.
Peter, sympathetic insight
NiceHorrorFilms A Beautiful Day On Elm Street
Glassjaw pandora station is awesome so far: gj, atdi, mars volta  chevelle now
sorry!
had to cruise out to DC!
Thank you Kemya!
i ment ready
I thought about all the promises of God for our needs...
Continued next tweet
did he take down his bball stat tweets?
I can't find them anymore.
I'm so excited!
Just know I appreciate everything you do.
This bed is so comfortable.
Woot!
Touched down in Minneapolis for aam2012 after a great conversation on the plane.
glad you are finally on here now i can just retweet instead of steal your FB status's lol
Hornswoggle won it in mid2007, Vickie stripped him of it, officially retired six months later in 2008.
does supernatural HAVE a next season?
Beer  social media wk?
YES!
Come by our office for a taste of both.
RSVP so we can make sure no one goes thirsty: on.fb.me/wUQTGR
Done with budgets...now brainstorming for proposals...!
just stopped in!
Listening to 11:11 while I'm on the bus :
Wow what a nite!!!!!
I'm still feeling the aftermath!!!
I know that but the fact that i didnt ask for a followback made it nice of her :
Why did I have to park next to the dude breaking up with his girlfriend on speakerphone in a parking lot?
Gah.
Mother's Day Special 50 off ALL wigs.
Now you know why we waited 2 days before Mother's Day50 off..
Ouch for us, Yay for you!
855doctorIGGY
Do whatever you want, just remember, a dance with the devil will last you forever
lucky u
I loove that we live in a world that many different kinds of cats can roam freely
Why are some things easier to write than say?
Matched by Ally Condie
Where are you?
I see you becoming more YOU today.
Sounds like a great conference  I know you'll rock it!
Have a great time  enjoy CA with the fam.
See you when you get back!
Where did you take Mom for Mother's Day?
Best brunch spot?
A nice dinner?
Who had the best specials?
Listening to an acoustic guitar band w a sax do an acoustic mashup of Eagles Hotel California w 2pacs California Love...and its dope!
RT : RT : 62 degrees in December at 8:30 a.m.
THIS is why we live in Houston!
// no doubt!
What about the allucaneat hot pocket diet?
: Boy, I guess I look like an idiot falling for that allucaneat donut diet
We miss you over here in NYC when r u coming back :
it's going to be crazy ass crowded.
I find millenials will spend a lot on their kids rooms...the more expensive the crib the more value they see in it.
Windows open in the Owl Bar....
spring has sprung.
Wait, no it's Feb 1.
Whaaa?
Just let me get in my zone..
Soon it will be hot!
RT : I have mixed feelings about this week's cold spell.....Our Georgia summer is just around the corner.
is stuck inside on a gorgeous day!
How lovely!
He is, but his point about Brees and the Saints showing up the Falcons last night was way off base.
After all this time and I'm just NOW hearing about the package installer from ?
It works with  too!
Lol I'm an idiot.
Asking three popular seniors if they would take me to prom.
Ok yeah, I've got a manly right wingesque man crush on Westie too!
LOL
hate them!
I think that's the general consensus; I can only see them appropriate for toddlers at a beach
In Microsoft Word formatting hell.
never been phony...sorry u having a bad day...no need to reply back...hope life gets better GOD BLESS
Going to Lake this weekend:
Nice job!
Now I've got you in my RSS reader.
watching The Bachelorette.
I'm not actually the Bachelorette.
I'm The Averagette.
New show, coming this fall.
you stupid, stupid silly little person...
thanks for coming to the screening last night!
: Have fun in Vegas
At M Henrietta having tasty coffee with friend and fellow cat person
Get down to from 710 for Jazz Fest...Cincy Brass bringin the funk as always.
ohh ok : can't wait!
did u get my txt?
I think I sent my blackberry pin
previously on Survivor.
.
.
Just finished a photo session with models  stylists from Saco hair.
Thanks for an awesome session!
Anybody know what happened at Washington/St.
Charles with the police car accident around 530?
People I enjoy!
Joy is a return to the deep harmony of body, mind and spirit that was yours at birth and that can be yours again.
Just finished Aftermath.
Loved it.
Heart an endlessly pumping spring...
especially apt and beautifully put.
Why are ppl shocked or dismayed, stunned.?
This wk is a clear picture of the GOP what theyve been for 40years.
Thanks for the heads up.
The issue has been resolved!
Just had lunch with my beautiful daughter.
I wonder how many thought I was a dirty old man dating a young girl.
hopefully the same person off stage as on.
I'm gonna agree with him...SA please!!!!!
I totally agree.
At the most basic stage, one should not be sitting in a swirl of incomprehensible syllables.
Tell me now!
gotohellcarolina : Self handled that interview a little better than the last Kansas coach who was in that situation.
Ha!
As if the minority were interested in debate.
Show votes are not debate.
Or work.
Rocks, natural bridge...
Not a bad day at all with
hope you enjoyed that box of tasty cakes ahah :
haha I'm gonna start having pity planking parties
: i love reading!
I am looking forward to checking out your books.
I am always looking for new authors!
We felt the earthquake all the way down here in Richmond.
At Bottom's Up eating pizza when it happened.
Just thought it was a train.
his incredibly articlate and inspiring oratory
Awesome!!
Can I find a clip online?
Y do MFkers feel the need to irritate me or piss me off w/i my 1st few hours of being back in town?
ER :
Just missed the deadline on a great job because I don't have memorized how many semester units I completed in undergrad.
So frustrated!
: Someone come make me soup :
Thanks much, I'll take those kind words from you, oh wise one.
I didn't think you would be up lmao!
I want to go back to school already!!
I miss my social life 3
glee is a little sappy for me this week.
Why is everyone crying!
i interviewed you at the NewNowNext Awards.
is Paul the publicist that was with you all that night?
Suggestion  Ninth, Do whatever builds a connection without making any points.
Hmm, Soundgarden just rolled over to DuranDuran.
For the record I do listen to music that came out in 2012, just not this morning
NP Andoctorw Bird  Break It Yourself
shit , the guitar is important
I just found out that a large popcorn with butter at the movies is almost 1500 calories!!
Oops!
I just don't know how parents can do this...
the video is called Child of Rage I only saw part 1 and it was mesmerizing to say the least
where is my cuddle buddy at right now like tf
Listening to Gary Keller talk about the power of 1 thing at kwmc hit home.
Talk about perspective!
If MKG  Lamb come back...forget about it.
On this date: In 1763, the English lexicographer, author and wit Samuel Johnson first met his future biographer, James Boswell.
the times ive seen him, including the tine where i almost met him but didn't : he has been so nice and just awesome with whatever
UGLY DAY RAIN UGH WORK WAS GOOD AND FUN ,,MISS MY GF ..
How come Mexicans don't get a whole month like we do tho???
I appreciate those who Do Good Continuously a little more than those who Do Great Sporadically!
I require consistency nowadays!
Thirsty Thursday anyone?
I wanna be your Christmas wish, your 11:11 wish, birthday wish, and new years wish.
Will you be mine?
what is it with the orioles and doing what ever they can to blow games against the yankees?
last, but not least, FF my dear friend  GORGEOUS greeting cards with beautiful photography!
one of my favorite etsy shops :
ah honeymoon time!
have fun with the guidos...
so much sexy chest hair and so many gold chains.
so jeals.
RT : Desk Set is one of my favorite movies of all time!
Viva La Bunny!
//me too!
Got old kicks?
Donate em!
We r collecting used athletic shoes for our Durango shoe doctorve doctorp em off or FoYO
the time has come for a new tattoo.
Abt to go in to school see y'all at 2;45
Don,t fool yourself!...life  the music biz is very tough  demanding..you will need real faith in order to survive  endure..
File under Unlikely Foods: this bagel store has a Sports/Energy bagel.
gr8 thing about the desert this time of year,,single didgit humidity,,swear doctores asap!!
still need a shower though,,
Hehe it's alright :  thank you babe, I hope so too!
: I'm good, thank you.
How are you?
you sure?
Wouldve made u happy lol
Going to the toy section of Walmart with your boyfriend making fools out of yourselves
is out this morning with the MXT vehicle, Athletes  Kick for Hope Soccer Team.
Tune into to check out the action!...
one more fuckin love song
Sorry, I know it sounds like a cheesy plug, but it is sincerely true!
As an adjective?
Edtech.
Ed tech as a noun.
Hi Michael, nice to see you on Twitter.
Hope to listen your new songs soon!
And a feeling of deep relief washes over me.
Moving in two days.
Soon I'll get to write about this life in retrospect.
Thanks for the RTs this week
When Bradley Center w/built, Bill Wirtz blocked Lloyd Pettit.
MMAC  Mayor show no leadership for Bucks.
hey miranda you come 2012 to germany ?
or europa?
Follow me on instagram :D
Make it nasty !
YouAreNotWifeyType if you try to control my life.
Attack of the Giant Cats!
Liking someone doesn't mean you have to be lovers, sometimes you just have to be friends.
's heart is bursting with grief for her sugarbear.
Yes, i thew up on my bday..
it was fun :
Wine anyone?
Tonite at Teak 10 off bottles!
The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of making a mistake.
Meister Eckhart
Can't believe you're admitting this publicly.
RT no, , I've NEVER SEEN CENTER STAGE hashtag hashtag hashtag
Ill give it to Louisville fans, they are much better losers than we are.
But then again, think about all the practice they get.
When you are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears.
Finished recording the song, Santa's Littlest Elf has Autism, and I'm scripting the Christmas Progam details.
Can't wait to help others
On TV now ...
Kennedy funeral.
Unity works as advertised, but...
that's not compatible with me.
We got some exciting people coming into the office today!
Hanging out with Carol Brady herself as well as Elin Hilderbrand.
sorry if I'm spamming your twitter feed : I hope you go to Coachella in the near future!
Hella worth it!
Is their another word for synonym?
John 8:36  So if the Son sets you free, you will be free indeed.
I am in DESPERATE Need of some starbucks !!!
:/
what time that party startin ?
HARRY POTTER AND THE DEATHLY HALLOWS PT 2!
Yeah buddie!!!!
:D
A wise king never seeks out war, but they are always ready for it
Keep this shit
I'm gay
I think that means we are trained.
Uh oh.
You're going to get TONS of people saying this, but it's Duff's BY FAR
We are looking forward to another amazing day in Portland!!
ANN COULTER CAN GO FUCK HERSELF....REALLY JUST GO AWAY BITCH!
no, dont have that chanel...watched the 2 disk DVD.
My parents bought solar Christmas lights.
I'm so proud of them.
Haha.
Hello Mates!
Thanks for the follow; look forward to sharing!
You need a plan to build a house.
To build a life, it is even more important to have a plan or goal.
Moral indignation: jealousy with a halo.
H.
G.
Wells
Also for bicycles!
RT : Watch out for motorcycles in the coming weeks!
You're not used to seeing them after long winter.
Thanks.
LOL!
Good luck with that.
It's an incurable plague.
RT : What's wrong with working at the mall tho?
Some niggaz is out here not working at all.
I'm jus saying....its a job lol
Lost my status at usair.
Sitting in coach and know that is smiling somewhere.
I mean, Willie Oleson needed his own acct.
he's just plain crazy.
It took me long enough, but i really like sleeping with sirens..
Yay!
Which one did you get?
TD passing Perfect pass.
Really got to go to the bathroom.
No gatorade bottle tonight...
Things are coming together the right way!!!
Merry Christmas!
May you know the true joy of the season!
Section 184 Native American Loan Program only requires at credit score of 580!
Just one of them days
Here's my guess about ur tattoo.
K so far I think IO is moon's of Jupiter, n XC should mean Jesus Christ.
Idk am I close?
oh heck yeah!: so are you getting good at this tweeting stuff or what?
hahaha!
Camper: There's a leak over my bunk!Counselor: Shh!
Don't make such a fuss.
Soon everyone will want one.
nice order, are you graduating?
Sittin here watchin this video vixen movie w/ my mama.
somebody tweet me
Headed to today to see the Vishnu exhibition.
Religion  art  3 !
do you help your clients with their environmental due diligence?
there will be one day that i won't have to deal with the horriblyodored, cramped seating, and creeps on a daily basis.
i will rejoice o ...
definitely!
Or his jersey lol
i followed him!
:
Love and electricity are one in the same, my dear.
If you do not feel the jolt
I have yet to meet a person in real life that actually thinks Newt Gingrich should be the next President of the United States.
Not one.
The hold music on this call is really wildly reminiscent of Angelo Badalamenti's Twin Peaks mastery.

Tony parker gets off tho lol
a little sad but i'm ok now :
And the moon just slowly disappeared.
Supermoon goodshow you cant fuck with the moon
Good afternoon Twitter!
I'm in NYC today for an interview  gorgeous day here!
Jared
Kid:I want a little brother Magician: I'm sorry to say that I can't do that alone.
I will need your mother to come over here and assist me.
Have a nice day!
Looking for experienced gameplay programmers, RTS/MMO Experience a huge plus.
for more.
Players see all types of injuries
Springtime in Seattle  let the rioting begin!
SeaMayDay  via
Preproduction starts at the end of Aug of our new reality show that follows the lives of 3 poker grinders trying to make it big in poker
When you're in a race to the top...sometimes it's greasing the poll behind you that determines where ya finish.
LOVE THE SITE!
Thanks to for putting me in touch with Successful Woman!!
The Modernist Journals Project now has its own Twitter stream offering updates about new additions, events, and features.
Does anyone know how to get pass the 2000 follower limit on Twitter?
Get your popcorn ready RT Hello friends, family, and fans.This is my official account I finally found the time to join twitter.
Yeah but in the 80's you never got the question out: Are you blaer...Afric.ercolo.are you wearing a hat?!
How can a serving size be half a pickle?
Madness...
I'm not trying to be negative at all.
I study Econ and I know that government being involved is bad.
Recording the audio commentary for with and !
Coming to DVD this October!
He was doctornk...again...
If abdc were based on votes like it is supposed to be, the boyz would've won last year and fanny pak would've been gone by now.
Members are discussing the pros and cons of social media ie.
Facebook and Twitter.
It's looking like positive is winning out.
I don't do anything wrong I just got new friends.
So don't act like this
stephen hawking knows it all.
Come join us for Chuys Hot to Trot 5K  Kid K from 7:4511am at Chuy's Arbor Trails in South Austin 4301 W.
William Cannon!
Just starting my day!
Love the wizards.
Glad we won but also really happy to see jimmy get a goal ,,
wow your artwork is amazing, I love your use of colors
WiSH U WERE HEAR
Only a few more weeks until we play before the Tigers game  Comerica Park August 19th!
Jimmy Fallon  I Asked Howard Stern for Advice Before Obama Interview
Cheer up :
Left you a vmail in the office  R U Free for Lunch on Friday?
Dare to crunch!
just scanned everything.
Seven bucks.
Lol
Nothing against the Prez's current speechwriter, but I think he might want to hire this Abe Lincoln guy.
The man makes a lot of sense...
Shoot me your email.
I feel like when you guys say a pitchers strike it is often on a 20 count as well.
Pitchers behind in the count get the calls
we're all going out
RT : I'm gonna miss some people but the jerks that love to be genuine Aholes for no reason?
Eff you.
You need help.
fo real though some people with there big asses bro, unless they stuck hamburger meat into there pants.
Oo
Just checked my grades on the Suffolk website..
3.3 gpa my last semester of college!
:
to you ?
For the shoes ?
The release should have been celebrate
i've seen it.
I'm probably thick in the skull :
Happily Taken 3
India recently launched a nationwide initiative to phase out traditional incandescent light bulbs in favor of compact fluorescent lights.
who's on February break?
I don't have mine until Monday xP
launches new website!
Looking forward to working more closely with and
1st Duke Blue Devil ever to play in a Super Bowl!
man, the red Sox variety of heron was in my yard just this weekend!
lmao I see..
The one weekend I decide to come to OK is the one weekend they are predicting a 'violent weekend' of tornadoes.
wow!
Another great pic!
And how are they tasting?
i'll text you if you wanna talk!
lol i'm here, like you are for everyone else :P
Haha!
I like your new rendition of Eenie Meenie !
Ron Dale Canadins see the War of 1812 as a fight to preserve their rights and freedoms.
ISHS symposium, Peoria, IL
looked good on 106and park today
did u do the personality hw?
Any Madden fans in Indy tonight?
I've got a couple maddenbowl tickets to give away.
no, city will issue new bonds to cover old debt, kings will use future revenue as collateral.
Beautiful Mistake
If you ain't got the fire retire.
If you ain't the shit then quit.
If you ain't on top then stop.
very sad
Yes you did!!
:D I've been rumored to be dating both of them.
Someone come kidnap me
I guess we should post them on our site for people to buy huh lol
Because they are secured, home equity loans and lines of credit generally carry a lower interest
is a cool imagine :D
Is this at Wonderlab or the Columbus childoctorn's museum?
I need your help!!!!!
Back in action after incredible week and everyone: keep in touch!
Lena del rey !!!!!
Bible her music is dope !!
1/r  1/0  infinity  singularity?
Is this correct?
Hi Lowell, welcome!
Thank you for liking.
Did you get to see Surfacing yet?
Were you one of the criers?
;
Fruit Ninja i love that game my highest is like 500 something idk i forgot i havent played it in forever
Family Guy is so fucking funny
Shout out to Power 106 in Los Angeles...
I'll be arriving soon.
Shout out to all my fans!
I 3 you.
The difference between the successful and the unsuccessful is not the absence of obstacles, but the presence of perseverance.
about to get on some roller coasters lol :D
If you have a twitter you know everything.
congrats to !!
Marlins bullpen just blew it!
I never walked this late to Food4Less by myself before :o
I love how uncomfortable all the other commentators are when charles barkley speaks
RT In honor of Officer Stephen Johns, Museum will be closed tomorrow, June 11,  our flags flown at half mast in his memory
you're doing an amazing job
ridiculous essays.
no science.
they start their arguments by acknowledging that meat is bad for your health.
ridiculous.
Is a potato a veggie or a starch?
Or both?
If both, why does everyone say eat more veggies but no starches?
thank you!
Work, then home.
Yay!
not weird!
I need halp!
There's so much to do.
I don't have doorknobs.
look 4 the old guy in black with LOTS of gray hair and camera's that'll be me : Praying for ears to be open tonight!
I love the Miami mornings
Heading to the gym.
Another former Met with a perfect game or no hitter.
Congrats Philip Humber.
And Coach Robin Ventura.
I think Shane may have lost a finger
CW: Whats a google number?
Me: Google it!
youre paler!!!
Like the Soviet joke about police pay we give you a gun  badge, salary's your problem, it's we insure you, health care's your problem
Romney is dead right now, no matter what happens in FL.
Pathetic speech Sat night.
Did he sleep through 2008?
Reminder: next Bloody Brunch is 2/21 at !
Twtvite later today!
:
I made it home safely from work and I'm tired....Smh
I absolutely detest riding the subway with luggage.
Any word on thefighting14th?
Wanna thank God for everything I do have rather than for asking for what I don't Thankyougodalways 3
Vega Communications is now connected with Colorado Connector.
A great way to meet other local businesses.
Holy musical b was pretty good hahaha
I can HEAR Emma watson's eyebrows in the tale of despereaux.
.
Countervailing is an old Galbraith word.
Countervailing power necessary in the context of ultraright super PACs.
Empty pockets never held anyone back Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that
hey everybody still on myspace: you really are trash, everybody knows it ;
True, network cares about marketing.
Is just interesting to see what slogan it picks, since decision is prob research based.
We are OSHA  HIPAA Compliant making us one step ahead of the others.
We are your best choice for Medical Courier Services.
8775275737
Thanks UCH!
Finally found my way to NYC eventually!!
Hope all is well RT : hey will congrats on being on air at Now !!
Tom Cruise always runs in his movies, except in Risky Business.
He rides a bike real fast instead!
thanks for the follow!
we hope you are excited for the line to be released like our friends are!!
you  oomf were having a convo  i thought it was funny.
Lol
yes indeed
There is no angry way to say bubbles.
And that was after a stop in Kensington, where supporters are everywhere.
misterChris singleton what's up
Overheard at UWSocial Everyone dicks around on the Internet, tweeting doesn't have to take more than a few minutes
Better recognize that awesome man or woman today.
Otherwise you domed to tear down all you've built up.
NspiredBy Proverbs 14: 1
WeWontWorkoutIf your not gonna kiss my bass
also maybe a pool house/cabana?
Today's writing tip: Your reader will forgive you if your story doesn't have a happy ending.
JayIsm  1  Do Not judge a man based on what he does, but Instead judge him based on what he could do, if you just help him.
Thank you very much for your very kind article.
J1 can yu buy me a doctornk...
Plzzx???
I heard yu biggest suckka in the club...
neverthat I bring ma own bottles girl...
do u have a myspace.
:just curious
Overmanaging manager gonna overmanage.
RT : Fiveman infields don't work when the hitter lines a single to left to win the game
Two great time traveling shows.
Futurama and
It's a little depressing that he knows it and yet they keep doing it.
Thanks for following, the week before WrestleMania I have a whole Wrestling themed week themed :
Random?
Every single one of them had a purpose...maybe...
Countdown to U2.
Who has more hits?
Bono or Ichiro?
Great.
Now I want pie.
4th quarter.
Anybody have those heart paddles?
k we comin over
Inspiration and geniusone and the same.
Victor Hugo
not in n good mood
bitches are horny tonight
you know who else does?
WAHAHAHAHI DO!
We should do brunch!
When it's time it'll happen, until then do you
RT We only have 1 life.
We gotta MAKE it happen, and not wait for it to happen!
We had a good band rehearsal tonight.
Working out a few new songs.
I really love the way my vocals are developing on the songs!
realistic life goals.
Hello Sunshine!
I'm so happy to see you!
For the next 11 hours swing by Kroenke Sports Charities and get the deal shown here: Youth Sports Day Tix
Restore us again, O God our Savior, and put away your displeasure toward us.
Psalm 85:4
I'm sure it is, just to much of a good thing!
Giving up booze and social media for Lent.
What about the other catholics what is on your list?
I Need a Plumber in West Detroit Right Now!
By Davison  Lodge.
I'm Paying  !
Please Hurry!
I am almost 100 sure I saw my ex in my neighborhood today.
WHAT WAS HE DOING THERE???!!!.
Nice, congrats!
Venus favors the bold.
Ovid
That sucks nigga.
When is the wine tasting?
Turkey and Friends will be attending the MS Walk Awards wednesday June 23 as we were a huge part of that event raising over 3,000!
what's shakin!!!!
Are you hiding from the world again.
Miss u!!!
Let's do something!
In the past, when you were angry with someone you fought them.
Now you just delete them off Facebook.
That'll teach 'em to fuck with you.
I love when the underdog wins.
congrats on a great game and all of the Milligan grocery softball team!
But wait.
There is another version of bump n' grind.
Hold the phone this is just really not ok
I think that apps like have relegated me to poor social skills.
Just did a purge this morning!
I got you.
Gotta love the Hyatt and their Wifi.
fun for sure!
Hahahaha
Specyphi what you Believe.........Thanks to all our Fans..........
complexity inside 140 characters GO.
why do they use thin women to model plus sized clothing???
i never get it when i see those ads
As of now, it looks like it's going to make it bruh
you know I can't anyways, my head too big lmao
a long time no using twitter :
I'm an official TJ member.
I bought the membership.
AnythingForNick 3
: I totally wanna start im just not motivated
congrats in the big win for tonite!!!
Miss you guys!!
I love that songalways reminds me of the DXARTS years
2011musictaughtme that I love all kinds of music.
Don't just stick to one genre, branch out.
I had a wonderful family despite not having a father around, I did have a stepdad for awhile but that was BAD
Adorable Mother's Day shout out feature from and others during
If I don't see you on Monday when you are in town, I am going to come find you and slash your tires.
Dude I love old people
youreGoodInMyBook if you make time for me
talked to my mom.
definitely can go sunday.
Let me know if you need a ride
Become a great communicator!
1st period is just to early for math.
Just saying.
:o
Thank you for your vote!
: yes and for you!
My TL Is blowing up
Georgia Tech is way better:
Its so weird ://
You laugh because I'm different...........
I laugh cause I just farted!
whaattt are you going to be in chicago?
RT Just ran into Denver coaches buying pizza 4 bus ride home.He apologized 4 terrible game.
Thinks Jays have some replacing to do.
3D video has been posted for my VIPS!!
Have an amazing weekend!
Time for me to go play some more!
Not ME : RT : : Damn my cousin makes the BEST mixtapes!
Fcker!
donttellmyaunt  I should charge huh?
Humanity lacks races because human populations have not been isolated enough from each other to develop into discrete groups 3 cult anthro

thank you for the ww :
I get the strategy but if there's less than 1 min left in superbowl, you're behind  you don't want to score...
You're doing it wrong.
glad I have that kind of impact on you.
Don't swoon too much;
all the MILFs are going out today for doctornks!!
Schools over thank god!
weekend.
:
OMG i look like im high in that last pic
This isn't rocket surgery
Do not change who you are for anyone.
If God, in all his wisdom, made you the way you are, He did it for a reason.
Tough guy at the car dealership wanted to show me his new Avengers tattoo.
Thanks.
Guy tried to pick me up in rush hour traffic on 695
: I hate u niggas but we love u beautiful
What happened?
After rewriting 68 pages Wednesday, I got inspired  switched out a character for a better one  rewrote about 20 pages to various degrees
lol it wasn't directed to you.
Never spend your time walking towards a woman who's always running to you...
cause while you walk, somebody will beat you to her...
who did the packers pick?
Sorry my twitter is acting funny so I didn't see who they picked
For the meat eaters,fish, or chicken without the skin can be added to the diet with a careful watch on the intake of calories in each meal
Its so hot and theres barely any sun
shout us out for a smog check :
Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.
...I plead the fifth.
i'm doing good.
had a pretty rad weekend ; how are you?
u ready for spring break?
That was a BLAST!!
Hey mate, nothing to tell yet.
Clint
you're unblocked, now chill
LETS GO MAVS
Extortion proposal.
If u don't want an Smart Meter at your house, opting out will cost you 99 fee  7.61 per month.
Some jackass just asked me when will I preform Trampoline?
It isn't my fault your up : RT : I hv a 9:30 final.
I should be asleep but instead I'm up like a crackhead on a mission.
Not as many weird people in Walmart at 8:45am
Its been a long and windy road but i have loved every min of it I couldn't have asked for a better 4 years.
I love you Class of 2012
Except maybe I Don't Care About Kardashians Weekly that publication is topnotch : Any magazine?
It's not really a discussion if the professoris just waiting for you to say what he wants to hear.
Tallgrass Brewing will be bringing a cask to the MKE Firkin on July 21
N mine Lmaooooonsjsjs
Working on a safe, electronic lock failed, I still suggest regular combination safe lock with spin dial is more reliable.
Todd H.
if harry ever follows me, i'd dm 's name every day to him until he follows her.
hehe.
i love you.
Walked into wing stop and lacrosse was on tv.
The Wiz is on and didn't tell me!
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail.
Dear body, I know ur tired and want me to take my ass to sleep.
Well no worries help is on the way!
And she goes by the name MARY JANE!
shout out 2 Destiny Browwn great person super Photographers and business woman To all my followers follow
Thank you to my friends at FRDA for being such great partners in our Fulton River District neighborhood!
One week down, two more to go..
Hey, just sent you another review.
There you are!
I'll zap an email to you in a few.
I'm a new coupe, you just a used car
: Some people really do a good job at being creeps.
I'll fuck you in the ass.
Creepstyles.
looking forward the the El Gran Combo concert at the Conga Room.
Use discount code LATIN to receive 5.00 discount at Congaroom.com
start applying!
I should be visiting Sweden for midsummer not sure since the hubby might be working.
Any plans to visit the US?
good things come in good time!
You look better in low lighting.
We Can Do It All Night Boy 
Don't worry about avoiding temptation  as you grow older, it starts avoiding you.
Author Unknown
Thanks !
Check out one of our biggest events this Sat as 3,000 CPS students come together for a 1 mile run in Washington Park
going to Awesometown.
see ya'll there
Calm down.
I just have this pesky Apple gear that gave me last year that I need to make work w all my google stuff!
:
Five is awesome too.
The longest I ran w/o stopping was 4.
I'm building up from 2 to get to 10!
Lol
You know things just got serious when its your Facebook relationship status.
thanks for the ff :
it's all about giving back Carol.
:
You know when you have to wake up early and you're paranoid you're going to oversleep...so you don't sleep at all?
Yeah, like that.
You are one cool fairro : The King of Kind :
Today's Sandwich: Ham  Turkey Club on a croissant with a cup of soup......6.95
Tomorrow is the start of the Flights 4 Kids helping Kids fundoctoriser for our foundation!
Come fly for a great cause!
true all straight girls have at least one lesbian Crush
haha im watiching videos of Whitney Houston!!!
4 anyone with coal miner ancestors, t is worthwhile to visit a place that has coal mines open for visitors.
I did this in '05, worth it!
and I just spent half an hour going you know that place?!
; thanks!
In the defense of members of my family, close friends and my future childoctorn, North Carolina you got it WRONG.
im 16 how old r u?

or how you had 2 wait 4 the nintendo power mag 2 come out, or word of mouth 4 clues to beat a game.
Ha!
But amazing story considering criticisms of groupon from  maybe beginning of an even more interesting story!
Thanks Joel!
I'm so grateful for the many awesome products from Enjoy Life Foods.
Hope you like the new book!
People like you?
DESERVE a bitch slap :p
Gertie!
Hands down.
You definitely need to pay her a visit this summer.
She's on now, so hoping she'll be then...
Who told you I don't have one already ?!
I doubt he's anywhere near a favela sure his maid comes from one
Shut up!
Comedian is at Go Bananas in Cincinnati this weekend.
Incredibly funny guy.
One of my favs, Alex Stone, opens.
Be there!
The lady's for mob wives chicago are so ugly and oldd
Siding with Mike on this one.
Euro Club/Champs League is tops for competition.
WC more glory
Hey, are you from Missouri?
It's what I do.
nobigdeal And your help was
good luck, a huge step
RT if you play your favorite song again and again until your sick of it.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
Holy heavens!!
That's a massive snake.
Gives me the creeps too
Never say No!
to an opportunity when it comes at your door!..
I grew up in one of the badder neighborhoods in Cleveland
When does it become hard to give to sum1 uCare about?
What I have read about is the very extreme anti privilege/ racism ideologies.
It appears very divisive.
right on!
I just saw Paul McCartney perform in london.
It was awesome.
Where do ya live?
NASCAR is back.
I miss my so much!
Visions of the west coast dance in my head...
Avoid downtown Seattle traffic on 3rd 4rth Ave at all cost.
Off to office potluck.
Elaine Benes' Get well...get well soon comes to mind.
thanks man !
Great story!
We should catch up some time.
Vernon Curry!
Thanks for joining the Karaoke MVP family!
The Milanese Torta at Coa!
Breaded steak, refried beans, lettuce, tomato, avocado, and our zesty mojo sauce.
And topped w an overeasy egg!
amwatching the musical Memphis from the best seat in the housemy daybed chaise!
thanks to : and it's rockin' so far, me likes
I done made some fire beats lately.
I ain't bn recording but I bn cookin up.
Got to get n right.
My bad!!
We're having a legit meal in my living room tonight: wings, garlic bread, bagel bites, doritos, pepsi, and pizza.
Hell yeah.
What we see as rejection, God sees as adoption.
When our earthly fathers fail us, God is always there.
this week at www.risenmagazine.com: Andy Davis, Ziggy Marley, Les Paul, Estevan Oriol, and the ladies of 'The Office'
That's funny lyn thats the first time I have ever heard that one but hey u know u could NEVER be with a girl like me not even if u were the
You said IU had to get to the line and so far they are.
I was wondering same.
She did have witnesses that bill asked her for a blessing which would be like granting priesthood status
Your audience knows it if you miss a half a practice!!
if I miss 3 days of practice my audience know it!
:
Orlando Florida kid, but I go back to Vegas every few months
93.9 might as well be playing my spotify playlist right now
I won't lie, working out this morning in Rome was HARD.
However, it always feels worth it at the end.
InMiddleSchool class work was so much easier!
on a related note, your new piece from last week is tasty
So Berman, this is commercial free?
Juuss did x
Out filming with Getting footage for his new video for the song Night Owls And Early Birds.
Up eating n watching kcmo on world's dumbest police chases
Praise is like sunlight to the human spirit: we cannot flower and grow without it.
Right now, the words i speak  write, their jst not me, not the same
You ain't gotta say too much, from the look in your eyes i can tell you wanna
Watch out for Phil.
Putting out of his mind!
yes!
thank you!
Alright, where can i get ticket oak seeds??
.
thank you  hey having y'all document stuff is a HUGE help if you don't document no one knows what happened!
thank you for doctorpping by!
Love your photos!
is heartbroken was hoping SDCYD would be 1st Dem Club joining Filner, Kehoe, Atkins, Young, Gastil  Frye in endorsing
He changed my opinion of him last night though...he really is a good artist.
I would love to play doctorms for him!
We prefer a nonprofessort's Affleck  Damon.
I love ...
Everyone has a favorite DMB song and it's never the same as yours.
Who gotta charger ?
Tired but not sleepy
MVP Now Lebron James needs a NBA CHAMPIONSHIP.
Dont want 2 say this but Go OKC Bulls fan here
just finished watching it.
It was awesome
To the world you may be somebody, but to somebody you may be the world.
we have another party tonight!; but first I'm going shopping  then ill be there.
You going??
PARTY PARTY ;
we opened last September!
man i missed BOY MEETS WORLD !
kinda
And sister too
Bridesmaids on repeat on HBO and the Jasmine Express takeout talked me into is really not helping w/ today's productivity.
Go to tomorrow and buy any Stumptown Espresso  get a free strawberry champagne cupcake!
Yum!
Does anybody even play Angry Birds anymore?
hey steve!!
Dude im gonna be in the gym all day today : I should've just stayed home lol
Grab your nearest crowbar and make your emergency kit, a Zombie Apocalypse could happen.
Prepare for it go.usa.gov/jmo
You're not intimidating...
like at all...
You fail, and suck at life...
take that gun you have and Kurt Cobain yourself
Harry has a girlfriend!
I need pics!
mmaf2010 concerts and mobile is like pigs in a warm blanket.
Great presentation Live Nation
just made me lhh!
to damn funny!!
can i get a RT!?
Good luck to at THE Ohio State University.
Going to have catch a buckeyes game soon!
RT Sad news on Racine's Caron Butler.
Out for season.
I could tell by his scream he let out when it happened.
Chilling.
Que no involucren el avatar please!
RT : Implementando D
ah, now the salad bowl might have been a step too far.
Still the wigglers shouldnt undermine your foundation or anything.
I'm so tired.
Great to see you on Twitter, lady!
xo
McCain has no facts!
He only has soundbites!'
I wonder who go win the finals
RT if you love shoes!
What's your favorite brand?
thank you so much!
where are you from?
I could use some banana split dippin dots right about now :P
Today's my golden birthday!
Oh, well, in that case...
pulls down pants
network network network Make sure you're adding key contacts if you're on Linked In
Something about Government so small it fits in your uterus?
Then you should swing up to OKC.
: I fly to Dallas tomorrowexciting!
my top off, my seat back, your bitch is in my ear sayin she need that !
Im ballinn !
Haha dope song !
Thanks for the followfriday mention, polite people!
Have an artful Saturday!
Specializing in the identification of attorneys, office administrators, human resources, and paralegals.
more like sobewff retrEAT!
Enjoy!
RT : Wow!
just prepared amazing lunch for
keeping my fingers crossed given I haven't even been on it since last summer...
I always wear in matching socks
...
4:47...
pulling an outbound BNSF Line train today was...210!!!
My MOST FAVORITE Metra locomotive!!!
I saw 210 today!!!!
:D
Thank you very much for the follow!
Say what?
Friends don't last 4eva but my soilders will last eternity
nvm it wont let me
sugar we're going down  FOB
Does anyone in Somerville want to go get me some Chicken McNuggets?
I will pay double the cost of the nuggets.
M delicious tears of rage, so very good.
most welcome
I wouldn't mind so much if there weren't other people around.
I feel like I'm arrogantly talking to myself.
God it's hard to like twitter.
last class of the year
follow my new page please boo with your thick self thanx!!!!
i cant look at ur icon!!!
it wont let me :
We disagree!
See: RT you can't borrow a power tool from a social network  nor for that matter a 'cup of sugar'
Pitchess motion GRANTED on bad cops who falsely arrested my San Diego Occupier!ILearn Monday if cops r dirty
10 Facebook Tips..
Dont poke people..
like who the fuck does that?
Our values are reflected in how few are mentioning or caring that he used slave labor for our' convenience'.
: over sixty libraries have left Koha/PTFS for someone else this year....
Go Eleanore!
Looking forward to The Spinsterlicious LIfe
2FollowersThatShouldDate and ?
maybe ?
man Wat y'all on g
excited about bowman!
The new ranking FIFA: Spain, Holland, Germany, Brazil, Uruguay, England, Portugal, Italy,Croatia, and Argentina.
I have really been enjoying the doublecardigan look lately.
Pairs well with a bun, natch.
how is this not a gaffe?
Were going to overcome the issue of immigration.
Welfare fraud story on the news this week?
Must be sweeps
Been a busy little bee!
How is you?
dev is my laptop.
QA is staging.
:P
Paul, are you in Baltimore now?
I'M SO JEALOUS.
Well, add another state to the list of places I refuse to live on principle.
sigh...
blue/green shoes with pink bows.
Then it's both something new and something blue!!
Obviously I am hoping for more on a personal level
i was bout to sell this one too...lol ill wait
I just did another twitter :
you can't call to be the president of douchebags and tweet that nonsense lol
I'm expecting Marcum to be the RoadWarrior tomorrow and to take it home Sunday!
You got this boys!
ItSeemsLike I'm not going to get any sleep tonight.
I wish my eustachian tubes weren't so small, I can't hear anything or stop coughing.
I think most people would rather be a packer backup than a viking starter.
No room for Christian as we filled ATT's outfield w/ Pagan and Cabrera Have fun in Fresno Christian, stay strong!
Real tlk fuqq the end of vacation...i actually want skool.
Thanks for the follow!
Enjoyed the conversation with Indy Star Editorial Board this morning.
PickUpLine: So, what are the chances that we can engage in anything more than just conversation?
lovely to meet you today.
Thanks for spending the morning with us!
Thanks for the follow, Michael!
Sorry to see this so late  Yes, still open but we're close.
My IP now blocked due to troubleshooting!
Not my day!
: Thanks!
Follow me on Instagram, gang!
Username: BadNewsBears
How To Grow Taller Childoctorn  A Guide On How To Accelerate Growth In Childoctorn Through The Right Combination Of Nutri......
Lol why?
He doctornk?
Are you making the trip to Atl for UFC 145?
who's the best group:a.hamilton park b.omg girlz c.
bhavior d.hiriz if yuh see this RT...
and tell me your answer.
3 333
and everyday after
TAKE ME WITH YOU IM SERIOUS HGUTHGUOT
Swimming pools, hot tubs, Thai delivery, and now a bit of Ken Burns' Civil War before NBA semis.
Notice the list includes no complaints
RT : Have fun at the concert, it'll be deadly3
Bhavanacreation: Wax Museum At School
I'll tell her next time for sure!
For both of us.
Your professorle pic makes you look like a white dude.
Honestly just though Adam was taking his shirt off.
We have a group out tonight for a bachelor party.
U ask who goes out for a bachelor party on a tuesday.
Someone who knows how to party
haha well you can't live in WA and not doctornk coffee
i've been but i get girl respect alot but im still single which im alright wit anyway
Pittsburgh with the sweep today.
Buccos, Pens
Rest in peace, Leslie Nielson.
Thanks for the laughs.
I'm really not thinking ahead of myself here, who wants to come get me on the 16th or ??
Happy to see so many taking advantage of our upcoming New Member Orientation on Feb.
9th.
Great opportunity to meet ppl and learn about us!
the CA state Supremes already boxed the governor's iffice in when Ahnold fumbled thru it
Good times with family and friends, congrats to on daughter's birthday
Trivia night with a heavy heart!
Our Brit is leaving us!
And I despise the obnoxious emcee.
When different aspects of my nerdy subcultures collide, like Amber Benson and Maureen Johnson hanging out, my mind implodes.
There are too Many Fake bitches in this World!
.
I miss my monkey man lol
Last night I watched the muppets it was good :
you're awesome!
have the best day :
Did you put that sailor outfit on him?
Bc if so, then that's why he hates you right now.
My tl is so dead
Baseball really is a game of Inges.
Upgrading your business mobiles?
Make sure you get a quote from us!
0844 880 2010
Lets trend this for
I just watched Garden State for the first time in over 5 yrs  it was completely foreign to me.
The soundtrack is still amazing though.
From nothing, right now, I am the possibility of love, freedom, full self expression and endless creativity!
2011icf Coaches: your marketing team is anyone who can help spread the word.
Ensure they understand your biz.
DONE !
X x
In my heart
They put their bodies on the line for that free education.
And with that, Aubrey Huff will probably start tomorrow.
Got dem young niggaz dat will hide ya body parts.
: Making new friends and learning new leadership skills is so much fun this is what this all about DECAlda
a little manscaping never hurt anyone
Thats not snow, those are end of the world ashes from nearby burning towns.
All My Best.
Just get better.
We will miss you but look forward to your return.
We need you.
what is the hardest thing for you to be truthful about?
i just realized i haven't used that photo yet and its a great photo.
WOW!
YANKEES WON!
CAN WATCH BASEBALL AGAIN...
Whats on your Kindle right now?
Were reading The Historian, Bella Tuscany,  our own Lilacs and Other Stories
Watching 3 straight episodes of 16  pregnant is depressing.
I wonder how much these moms get paid.
And he's still running for president!
Aint no one got time for that.
i thought u left yesterday
Maybe a Big Time Rush concert this summer ;
LaLaLaLaLa Las vegas
That's a beautiful treasury!
no not yet!!
I'm still young!
We can't go on together with suspicious minds
when they ant support any argument they bring up US open cup.
Good Morning Horde!
Hm may be on vacay, but I'll bribe you to listen with tix to shows all morning.
more......
I don't care how good BryceHarper may be, he looks like a tard.
ZBoMomsDayBrunch definitely put a white headband around the nice pitcher of juice.
Sent you DM asking about June venues for WordPress meetup.
's weekends are filling up.
Thanks!
Tweet tweet tweet play what I want please.
My staff is alerted to your presence.
I love motivating my team.
Thank you.
Thanks for the Tip Top love!
well i posted first to tumblr :P
That article ends w/a shoutout to In addition to the fab lab, you can also shear sheep  farm fish.
homesick
Follow me, please?
It would mean alot3
followed you back.
NO FUCKING WAYY.
OMG THT IS THE CUTEST THING
I see you out there doing the thing...
I found you miss new booty
Lots of people here at the ulgayp meeting.
Wow!
Dealing with change is a life skill
MKG not too literate in post game press conference.
You are just too nice to include me in the FF love!
Its Good Friday.
Why are you in my reading room?
I hate the do you believe you can win?
question.
Who's gonna say no to that?
Everyone should follow me and
Colleges don't eval teaching.
They eval publications and let students eval teaching.
Its a joke.
I'm enjoying seeing peoples reactions to the new chatter feature in salesforce.com Its like SFDC has become FB and it scares ppl
Omir Asik you're not welcome in Chicago
has a Freemont Street old Vegas hangover today.
Cheap beer, cheep fun equals need for greasy food this morning.
Thanks Freemont
Doing work feels good!
Listening to good music REALLY LOUD never gets old.
:
im here guys its been days i love you guys i really do
Nice!
RT And it's a doctornking your weight in Makers Mark night
Seriously.
Did I miss something or were they actually disappointed that he wasn't hurt.?!?
Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself.
ing then soccer game vs killian
I'm checkin it out now actually...was listening to tattoos on this town for the Jason Aldean contest....not bad man!
that's a damn shame.
Having worked in that area, being able to go on Fridays was a highlight of the week!
I have been sitting at your desk for so long its starting to feel like my desk
One must remember the difference between login and nonlogin shells.
Peter S.
Beagle has a new book coming out March 1.
We wants it, we needs it.
We must have the precious.
We may be a little excited here.
thanks for the suggestion!
I wasn't aware that was an option.
I just asked, and am hoping for a warmer second half.
great!
You'll have to come out and celebrate with me :
TODAY: doctor Santosh Kumar, University of Memphis, Addoctorssing Stress and Addictive Behavior Using AutoSense,12 p.m.
MGH 420
Can't stop thinking about him
same wen the game start
Success is not measured by what you accomplish but by the opposition you have encountered.
Just a tip: If at a party, and a friend says I got an idea, lets do a ritual.
Just say no, you'll most likely be better off that way.
My car hasn't been this clean in like..
Ever.
Going to try a Wells and Youngs Courage Imperial Stout today.
An imperial stout from England?
Not expecting much
you in Philly tonight big homie?
Thanks a lot!
Look at me following you on twitter!
rockin : Please play lighthouse at City Walk!
See you then!
an you grab an autograph for me.
I am in some Army training in South Carolina!
Be back on Saturday!
The rumors are true....I broke down and joined the Twitter bandwagon...here we go....
Thanks for entering!
:D
What is the default Zen command for Mac 10.7 Textmate?
Command  e is an OS shortcut.
How do you choose a diff shortcut in Zen?
Totally zoning to Antlers right now!
I love this shit!
Floridia born.
Vegas rasised ALWAYS a Heat ALWAYS will be
I've only been there twice haha but no one has been ugly haha
Collinscold it shall start trending?
RT if you Love
So glad to host you and 400 of your classmates at Reynolda.
What a night!
Happy Wine Wednesday everyone!!!
I THINK I like that my doppelgnger Twitter has a Chris Klein avatar and is about Internet Phone Service quality.
I think
Feeling really blessed right now!!
NOW YOU WANNA RUN AROUND TALK ABOUT GUNS LIKE I AINT GOT NONE, WHAT YOU THINK I STOLE EM ALL?!??!
Thanks so much :
Sleepy but cant sleep :/ too much on my mind.
It would just so happen that when I move back to DC, the Caps lose another Game 7.
Always be kind to others.
You could save someone's life.
Up at 4:30am and headed out to LAX
I know NYC hasn't been responsive but maybe also try their LinkedIn group and see if anyone there responds.
Thanks 4 the shoutout!!
Hope u had a wonderful weekend!!:
Great turn out for Industry Volleyball yesterday...congrats to our winners!
Thanks for coming out!
me to
I have looked through 100000 halloween pictures now.
You guys win the contest for the best family costumes for sure!
Wearing my RalphLauren boat shoes.
, feeling
We're playing on march 3rd with Royal Bliss and Oceans Divide!!
More details to come.
Get exited!!
:o ; :
S/o to doe ctfu
Thank You for your service!
Thanks very much.
Back to this grind tho
Wedding at the Carnegie tonight, yay!
I was just one of the first people to sign on the west side of Madison.
Ronda Rousey training partner watching fights at my house tonight so cool!
Alright i hope you have tons of fun
We are covered in paint but the walls, ceilings,  arches are complete!
Doors, windows, cleanup, floors  then we start MOVING IN!!!
my engagement ring is here!
party n bullshit?
Wish I was there to see/ participate in this!
Love you girls!
One Flew Over Hartmut's Face
shahsofsunset is the most ridiculous show since
agree 100.
I'm a believer of can't throw a team together  expect instant chemistry.
It was there late.
i smashed it with my hand  got blood  guts all over my had ..
lmao jk ew thats gross
Another Goal  USA 3 to 1
Hey Gwen!
How are you?
mall in the morning with my cuzzie poo 
The voice of BartSimpson, NancyCartwright, to give Ohio University commencement addoctorss on June 9.
So many doctornk civilians.
So many.
I want some money too.
I'm going public.
I want to go to the Mint show333
Do you need a TaTaTuesday bumper sticker?
Email us: with your name and addoctorss and we'll send them to you!
I MET CALEB FROM FTSK!!!!!
what a few years ago he was in california at Los altos high school talking football I saw him then never shook his hand
we'd LOVE to be guests at one of your amazing extravaganzas!!
call us if you need two fun  fashionable fill ins.
Looking forward to another amazing show from you guys!
Keep it up!
I appreciate the kind words coach.
Good talking with you; stay in touch!
R u in Atl?
They are long, but Summer is coming.
Up early today earlier then usual for a Sunday.
Going to be worth getting up early for sure cuz I'm going to the Tigers WhiteSox game YAY!
moskoj: thank you for emailing me the rountable session topics.
Let me know where you post about it on the ...
andoctorwbreitbart Holy smokes, he sends liberals into high dudgeon the way I thought only George W.
and Rush were capable.
So much vitriol!
so what happened what she do?
for cat scan and blood work not my usaual saturday saturday
RT : knocked on over 2,000 doors in Louisville supporting Jack Conway and local KY Dems!
Why don't students ever understand cc/bcc?
To be fair, I didn't know the difference until I was 22.
DID Fox news 25 really just plug a fundoctoriser for a dude who got killed in a doctorg deal gone bad Plz tell me I'm just running to fast  gym
So u sayin I'm cute?!?
Planning to tour duringthesummer WHAT UP WEST COAST?
What?
People are stubborn?
Get out of town!
Thanks for the follow, Adam!
Firehook is a great place to enjoy lunch!
We have a variety of gourmet food and doctornk items to complement our breads which are made daily.
y'all don't faint of the shock.
;
These women are so childish
More blogcrastination, but now I have a decent excuse: basking in the awesomeness of Maui!
what if u don't have the money to pay for the application can u still take the exam?
I was on the same a few weeks back.
Are you watching once upon a time?
4 more followers?
This generation will make the change.
We are a part of that change!
Teach your Childoctorn the benefits of good Health!
been following, but I can't DM if u ain't following me
i think this is how it feels to become irrelevant.
geekend fa111 via transmedia marketing rocks when done right.
Omg!!
I'm praying it's nothing.
WOW
This Kanye fellow has some musical talent.
He's a bit vulgar for my tastes, but so was Hemingway.
Right on.
The moment when you see your ex again after so much time and it brings so many memories.
There is no way you knew this.
None.
Gary Kabaly has been booking films in our theaters for over 25 years.
Imagine.
25 years.
Happy Mothers's Day to you too, babygirl!!!
I was still laughing at that eyelash story...
Haha!
My dilemma today is Doobie or wig?
Happy St.
Patrick's Day for Padoctorig Harrington after the he shot on Thursday!
has him winning PGA Golf Transitions :
Why in the world would I edit a core file?
Just found out that Dev from the song Like a G6 is playing at our Soma show on Nov.
11th.
Pretty sweet.
Congrats to AllAmerican Availables Showcase participant Marcus Lewis who signed with Eastern Kentucky last night.
Another one off the board
haha no no no
its not really the sun here, plenty to do inside, its the heat!
Lol.
The padoctors get the same attendance we do tho!
working on a twitter training power point for my company.
anyone have any good training info that I could use?
hey , you like garcias shave?
lol....guess he finally gave in
monty?
Lol!
Out of all host names to choose from..
Be careful who you open up to.
Only a few people actually care, the rest are just curious.
Jazz Friday 5:30  :30 with Kenny Clark and Kenny Cohen.
10 Admission FREE to members.
First Friday in the Eau Gallie Arts District
rain makes me sleepy :/
Ghost rider 2 looks awesome!!!
nick cage is the new nick cage.
and The rock is the new Brenden frasier with Journey to and gijoe
Some days just seem so blah.
I just want to go somewhere far far away.
RonPaul2012  Boise Rally Baby!
I'm starting to feel like a sardine and I LOVE it!
do ya thing and give that good advice when needed.
they messin with a pro:
Why does the work week have to start on Monday?
IT DOESN'T!
I think I'll go play another round of golf.....LIFE IS GOOD
White Castle!
THAT'S ALL FOLKS!
Battery's at 1.
Congrats to this amazing DCtheatre community.
GO SEE A SHOW!
My job should not have offered that contract for third prize winners.
We looked like we bought a pet rat from mexico.
I always got your back sis
I will blast FF Victory song for u when I come home and see kick ass GI work!
:D
Can i get a follow???
pleasee
The problem is that Privacy and Search are no longer about what YOU want...
;
FF13 Thanks to all of you!
I3Jason
thanks for shoutout
May I suggest asking the shuttle doctorvers to turn the AC off OR close the door while the bus idles for ten minutes unattended?
Forgot my passport.
Had to sneak into Canada to perform tonight.
Don't tell!...They didnt wanna keep you?...just kidding!
now that just looks like way too much fun is about to go down!
have fun guys!
Although all Mayoral Candidates were invited only Mirna White and attended the LGBT community conversation
the system....lol : ugh gulp...umm how do i retweet?
anybody....
Congrats to Matt Stainbrook and Xavier Basketball  committed to Xavier  will sit a year then have 2 more left!!
Great fit!
As begins, she frames gaming in terms of ethical responsibility.
And Peter Parker.
I hate when females accuse me of being a player ima actually a big nerd : don't judge a book by its cover!
and this is why the cashew is the king of nuts.
It is more expensive to fly to Antigua than it is to spend a week at an allinclusive resort in Antigua.
omg yay3 you did really good!
And you looked beautiful!
fuck this i cannot do it man
Welcome back students!
Come in out of the cold  we have great places for you to study and work on your research!
We would never shun you!
;
wow that's a lot of songs!
Im about to upload the mixtape but I only have 11 songs.
cant find the number twelve!
Woke up at 3:00 this morning
thanks for the RT!
happy Monday!
Idk if its just me,but the older i get the less i care
Laying in bed and all the best ideas u have ever gotten just keep flowing on in.
Now u can't sleep.
Retweet if this is you.
If you're not my man don't call/txt me after 10pm thank you
Oh n I tripped n fell playin bball w/ the guys n now both of my knees r really cut up therefore I def will be lookin my best for mothers day
what happened i am good friends with the dad mike
I'm a math major, and I've thought about Dan's seating question.
Pretty sure the only way is to have people sit in a circle
Is there an app for iPhone
what was the name of the store that had the cell phone remote start on sale??
Thanks Jenn
I'm just another kid that's going thru life so worried that I won't be accepted
NAPO1212 NAPO2013 We need video streaming next year not just recordings for sale.
Still on a shopping high from all of the gowns  bridesmaid doctorsses we ordered at Chicago Bridal Market!
I think Subway has a ninja marketing tactic and that would be to make you smell like herbs and cheese ALL DAY!!!
eavesdoctorpping that is the cutest!
QoTD: Other people's opinion of you does not have to become your reality.
90sareallthat is making my night that much more pleasant.
Go and follow and then so you get an instant followback!
CHECKING the first 25 only who do it!
so Go!
Thank you, we hope you have a great Wed.
too!
: Do you think Glee has made you a better dancerr?
:
Want to feel pretty hard?
Watch Gangland for about three hours and you'll go into
Problem is, how could a principal find time to keep an eye on, say, 14 teachers' social media interactions?
NOW YOU'LL READ MY TWEETS, HUH?
Yay Packers!
See?
Paul Davis Restoration  Remodeling won't steer you wrong.
Pls keep reading our messages.
proud of you!!!
Nothing but good things coming for you :
I chilled outside every single possible second I could today.
Even though I'm working.
Hearing someone speak Spanish is very sexy.
I sure will, thanks so much!
calm before the storm?
I'm home.
Watched pilot of 24 today.
It's been years.
Forgot how sexed up it was.
Gotta do what ya gotta do to get the show picked up, I guess.
Hide you daughters, hide your wives, Ben is in town.
Looking for HR managers, recruites to work with us!
Contact us at for details.
lucky dnt forget to txt me whenever u can :
Fine coming for cursing Pau ...
it was!
Shoot!
Are you still around?
We're at sticky rice!
,,.
Are you guys going to eat all of your chocolate pie?
Just asking, if you don't want it!
YES ORGASMIC.3;D
It's been raining al day
It's President's Day.
Whatever company you work for, wish the President a Happy Birthday.
You don't want to be the dumb person who forgot.
Tonight has been a really good night, i didnt even know how much i missed you being a part of my lfe
hmm...
probably something that's completely average but would look cool with a special filter on it.
Like grass.
Or a building.
Thanks, I'm trying...
Ridiculous.
Absolutely ridiculous.
Still waiting for the stache to work its magic...
I do now lmao
I need to focus and you tweeting me isn't going to help :
Happy is getting a tryout with the Chiefs this weekend.
KC could use a really good 3rd TE.
Beebas Book Nook offering used kid's books for 1.
Proprietor Robin McKnight says it's her 5th year at the event.
: Pisces love more deeply than any other sign.
Once you have their heart, it's always yours.
Merci!
YOU rocked 
how was I rude?
Gosh so mean to the little Indian one.
Geeeezz
What are you waiting for: Google Places is waiting for your business!
yo where you gon be this summer
Ey yo Miss Natalie, does your party tour end in LA?
P.S.
u R BEAUTIFUL INSIDE AND OUT!!
Don't eva change!!
Rachel Crow killed that ish ...
xfactor.
Btw ...
Simon got so much swag ...
In a moment I'm lost, dying from the inside.
Her eyes take me away, tear me apart from the inside out.
oh moms!
LOL now now...don't get sensitive on me.
He's a coon bean bruh.
Don't look at it racially.
I'm not about that bs
about 9 am.
So that wasn't your handsome face I saw??
:
quot;How to Do Website Optimization Yourself, Inexpensively and Successfullyquot; From ...
San Francisco Chronicle
RT : Terrell Owens first catch moments ago was a touchdown.
To have you must first believe that you deserve!
Just saw 8 girls get out of the back of a 2door Alero!
Haha
The handlers are working hard
Ohh the random things that happen on skype3
After 8 years of shameless Bush neocon swagger, the GOP claiming that Obama is spiking the ball is laughable.
lol.
Me too
Nice start to the game for the Packers!
Everytime I listen to lil boosie I miss u I think of my cousin mckinley  ram :'
I made it to Post, TX.
Yeehaw!
Thanks, Keesha!
He keeps me on my toes!
RT Hilarious!
happy meowther's day, then!
Miss you already!
effective schooling for black and Latino childoctorn has run its course.
In re PICS 2007
Ok, that was awesome.
And I'm a dork...not a literal one.
I know how u think.
Are you following ?
It's the mother ship for all things Crusade.
Live  7, we're live at the Funhouse Lounge.
It's called an artscentric lounge.
Find out what it means on KGW.
Syrian RevosU better quit whining over sects  start supporting SYRIA.When Obama pulls the NATO triggerNO sects matter but
RT: Calls from Youngster Joey
Fo sho!
We're like, loosely connected so maybe I'll get to pat you on the back at somebody's party in 2012.
Hah!
Keep rockin'!
Wow just went thru a storm in Chicago!!
3 1/2 week am class starting September 1 and an evening starting September 7th!
Check out our website at www.TuckerSchool.com!
Who enjoys friendship more than I?
you're most welcome!!
Hope your week's started off well :
Weekly HCG Tip!
If u have crab meat on P2 make sure to get FRESH crab meat b/c imitation crab meat is loaded w/ sugar!
Tweet me a 3 if you want me to DM your name!!:
Here are some tools that redevelopment junkies should learn about.
One is called your own money and the other is private investors.
Always on  the most significant trend  must provide info to users all the time
Pia is really sweet and will talk to you if she has time.
Texas?
blank stare...
Oh lol!
Should have read the tweets before I just tweeted haha!
let's get a tree for out apt this weekend!!!
we can decorate and listen to christmas music and cuddle with hot chocolate :
Because I am, I do...Because I do, I am!!!
Shannon Evans Get it Get it Get it Mavs!
my head hurts
Tuning radio to the TV, which it is not.
Giggling at Ghostbusters theme song.
Entourage lost all its essence when sent for syndication
Can I marry an Australian??
lol who knew so many people had our nonsense in common?
:
Just so you people know if Phillip sucked then he would be in the bottom 2!!
Things that are better together  peanut butter and jelly, Sonny and Cher, Batman and Robin, chips and guac, gin and tonic.
What is missing?
thanks for the follow!
find us on facebook and jam Carnival recorded with
TroyDavis FreedomFighter You may not have won this battle but you made waves!
Change is coming..RIP
my nickname for it DUH
Okay, just blew me away.
Talk about quick  easy web app hosting/deployment!
There's a premium, but wow a lot of power.
exciting times
It's quiet around here now, but it's going to get crazy in about an hour.
Quiet before the storm!!
I loved words.
I love to sing them and speak them and even now, I must admit, I have fallen into the joy of writing them.
Anne Rice
he is lol
Good lord, when did I get so critical of movies!?
I don't even like the stuff I should definitely be liking.
That's what i like to hear!
:D
Good tip.
I often forget the importance of special and personal anything!
follow me back please!
They have money for war, but can't feed the poor
Aw, thanks.
We love connecting with people interested in what we do.
hay mama how was ur day
Yeah, but Neiman Marcus lets you return things with full refund when you realize it doesn't fit.
Too bad free agency doesn't.
NO!
Hey, boy's turn around!
Walk this way!
The milkshakes are over here!
Heard that Strez.
Clean it up to strictly Sox fans
RT  Indians start 3 game series in Arizona tonight on back of being swept by Giants.
Cleveland now trail Detroit in...
Immersive presence ripe research topic for abundant Internet via , especially in Second Life
Oh u put teamfollowback on every tweet, thay doesnt make u look deaperate for followers at all...
That is Kentucky Derby scale of Hat awesomeness!!!!
A million hoodies for Trayvon Martin!!
Wed March 21 Union Square 6pm.
Wear ur hoodies
yay!!!I hope you pick me :D
Whatever happened to shame?
Is shame such a bad thing?
I love you
Do all MBTA employees get a raise  pillow with fare hike:.
Public Meetings  Newton City Hall  Tuesday  5:30pm to 7:30pm.
He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals.
Benjamin Franklin
Weird thing about my adventure.
When I stick with it I lose weight.
When I cheat, I don't.
What's up with that?
: Justin Bieber's voice makes me melt.
BOYFRIEND
It's funny, I've had this exact thought!...you nailed it.
Thanks so much!
Also, how weird is it to say, I'm getting married next week.
Seriously!!!
Did I stop caring, or did I redirect...idk...
Feeling bad for your ex...
Oomf is blowin up my TL with bullshit.
It's making me want to vomit.
I'm lonely and have a headache.
A doctornk and some relations would be superb.
Love is a game.
You play it everyday.
Love is a pill.
That you take when you have pain.
: xx
Formulated my plan, motivated by doctorams, elevated with my mans, motivated my team
moverslongisland still available during this week.
book now before it's too late!
rates are still low, treatment still as good as it gets!
summer break?
:
of course the one derby i couldn't watch.
MT : Who do they see as their market?
Leica has become a bastion for the rich only and they have abandoned their past.
FOLLOW ME SWEETIE LOL
YouShouldNeverTrust people who only talk to you when they need something.
Work capacity is to fitness what location is to real estate
Mother May I 2012.
Yes I May.
BigMonth to all.
someone passed out and she said she couldn't breathe :
I fucking miss you to :/ I have not seen your ass in forever either  if I can recall right I called your phone last night
having Olympics withdoctorwal.
When does the line hit the stores?
Or has it already?
I think Pete's gonna snap...
I just want a person to come into my life and make me say Wow!
instead of Why?
Jewels I don't have a woman to share Valentine's day with.xoxo : Bobby Howard
Thank you so much for your support!
Appreciate that muchly!
:
why do we have to be the really emergency back up plan for problem landings ...
not the first time ...
Where are you?
I want to do that!
Decided to go out tonight, this clubbin partying shit is wack.
Id rather get to the money  set my sons future up!
More police to create crime.
More social programs to invade american homes, tear apart families, more government is not Recovery
It's rare that I interview people that I don't talk to....a conversation begets a conversation...well said paul
Mind your manners.
Booyah!
RT : Would you like some aloe vera?
You just got burned.
Not feeling good  I can't even call outl!!
No one would believe person is sick after SuperBowl Festivities  I didn't hang!
Damn u nfl!
just looked at your twitter account as you posted this.
Considence?
I think NOT
i should go wash the dishes b4 i get on oovoo o.O
I do!
Would love to : I'll dm you my info let's do it
guess what?
nobody is talking about the economy...
hey I'm tryin to get you followers ;
Just got my first pair of Vibram Fivefinger Shoes.
Happy Easter to my Tweet Peeps  my FaceBook Friends!
Have a Fantastic Day!
Haven't brewed a batch at home in a bit.
I'm starting to get the itch.
Might have to part the sea of boxes and rifle out a batch this week.
This cashier just hooked a sista up up up up up.
The world is such a strange place.
Brining in 6 or 8 data temps to help with the data entry stuff.
The internal SQL guys are writing the rules for normalization.
I have been all over!
How are you?
What kind of cool stuff?
I need a camera so i can show u guys how i look rite now which is hawt ;
Costa Rica Why?
I make it a Dental Vacation...
Cleanings...
25.00 US Dollars!
The WORLD should PackABagGo on frugal travel!
:
Hey Detroit we r hiring nail techs contact us
This kit makes you want to play John Mayer songs.
Vision without action is a daydoctoram.
Action without vision is a nightmare
a good diet would be toilet paper with inspirational messages like: You had to eat that second cheeseburger, didn't you?!
You fat fuck!!
getting the coffee.
5 gallons of it.
cah out retweets me but never follows me or nothing :
Worry is for the birds :lol
Let's be honest were never gonna get enough of eachother
Great day yesterday with the boyfriend and best friend at the mall.
Relaxing today:
The only fans I have seen at the Cliff more annoying than some of the Cards fans were last yr.'s Georgia fans.
welp..
not doing anything this weekend!
yeah I'm dealing with people that wanna doctornk the worst shit.
thought you all filled that position?
Home from work : looking for something to do tonight.
Stunned by Firebird.
Come in for HappyHour at the in for 3 wells and discount doctorfts, 37pm MondayFriday!
your twitter pic just made my day.
Incredible!

We ALL are Responsible for our Choices  No Matter What the Results Are  Monitor Your Attractions.
cause I paid them all to stay away just in spite of you.
your home doing your little baby shittt,and hes playing you boo
Have a great day
The moral this time is girls make boys cry.
Wake up Louisville my god
Thanks for a great night at the game!
Why is David Decstro still on the board ?
never felt so alone in my life
throw some reggaeton back at him!
Joe thanks for the follow Judy
fun comment of the night: you look like Malibu Barbie
Will hit you back later on Ann B Davis.
Trying to get confirmation for Ariel Sharon's publicist.
OH at Red Feather: do you have like Coors Light or something?
Theres no light by king taco!
already know!
I'll be happy when these NYE plans get figured out so my phone will stop blowing up!
LOL
Wtf ..this twitter shit..
i just saw this..
andd sorry I guess I was just remembering your party was the 30th when are you home?
Finally these pain killers are kicking in.
I'm in too much pain.
Nice video  only slightly embarrassing :
Seek to understand before being understood.
Steven Covey
when the plane lands in the hudson it's too late to learn about twitter From 's talk on social media
The only honest art form is laughter, comedy
I am embarrassed to be a Sounders season ticket holder now.
HAHAHA your weird.....
JUST KIDDING HAHAHHA im just gonna stop laughing :D
Get some counseling.
Don't allow people to change the greatness that you have to offer.
How can I see who that RT my tweet?
Lmao me to.
Why yo cellphone go automically to voicemail.
lol 1D arent even a band, none of them play instruments :p
Bad Company: Excellent episodic tale: boys going west to avoid the civil war.
Early Jeff Bridges is as great as old Jeff Bridges.
4:5
I'm interested to hear how it goes.
It would be really cool to do an app  just can't think of an idea!
I NEED a visit soon!!
Saw The Fighter last night.
Very good.
Better than I expected.
The big hair of the sisters was Oscarworthy!
Join us in wishing a very Happy Birthday two of our crew, Creature FX artist Don Bumgarner and Sound Designer Julian Evans.
NPinDSE Led Zeppelin  Stairway to Heaven
Love mighty mouse
How does a Doctor add text/phone/social media/increased facetoface time w/patients and not lose  from 3rd party payors?
Lamborghinis were figment of my imagination, who ever thought the fignets this nigga would be making.
And Elias bleeds for his team...
Would you help me get to 1,000 Followers :  Thank you soo much
Protein is a euphemism for meatorsoy.
As though you can't get protein from vegetables
No no!
No!
Id want 2 go 2 the hospitial!!
Ah!
Stupid foot cramps!!!
It's nothing reply if u agree!!
RT if you don't know Say no if u don't
HandsDown i will never back down i love a challenge
Don't text me.
I'm in bed.
thanks bra
Thanks so much!
Glad you enjoyed.
We're proud to have you as a fan!
REALLY!?!?!
OMG.......i don't know to be happy or sad...what if Justin was dumped!?
Had a doctoram and I were in a band.We didn't practice the song  got kicked out.
Naturally.
You say this, and yet my phone tells me you do not follow  in which real Larry King proves your point, x1,000
I refuse to write a line of code until I've had coffee.
oh I lose my phone at least once a week lol
This conversation is so Hot!
:D
I have always been a huge admirer of Bob Richardson's bright highlights in Scorsese, Tarantino and Oliver Stone films.
Great DP
is nutrition hard?
I was thinking of taking it
hey homie, hope all is good man.
ya'll gotta check my dude out.
Glad you're reading!
Heads upvery emotional book.
Love DT and my niece thinks you're hot.
Would love to win that book for her!

wow, congrats!!!
Watching American Dad
Concert at 12th and porter with the baby brother.
Pop?
RT : also averages as many home runs a year as Izturis has in career.
The lineup needs all the pop it can get.
I'm so tired of being depressed.
I loved him.
Why did have to talk to his ex and say what he said.
We could have been wonderful.
I actually thought to myself, That means what I think it does, right?
lol Doubted myself bc of the nonreaction
What did your Mom say would happen if you didn't eat right?
Miami today, Jamaica tomorrow
twitter jail is for when you tweet 100 in one day, ahaha
Become a RACK INSIDER  be among the first to receive info about upcoming RACK promotions.
Sign up online or in store
Thats a good secret!
r/t Secret word of the day SAVE gets u a meal for only 6
Was only curious because I do graphic design for a living.
If interested, I could send you the link to my portfolio.
I want that shirt...
is that where you've been?
wilderness lol No internet there, huh?
Social networks ruin relationships
gtd 4 of 4 My ipod classic full of MP3 books and GTD podcasts
if any car can make it Donald can!
Japan here we come!
You're so funny!

R.I.P Tommy H.
Youu will be missed
Its goin down all day n nite....if u can catch up wit me I got u on a round of whatever u doctornking on...GoodLuckHappyStPattiesDay:
Weird people make me feel uncomfortable.
Insanity is to do the same thing and expect different results
is it me:
I'ma do it do it, like I wanna do it.
You don't know me like you ain't never known me before Oh yeah!
:
Ladies :: Consider this:: If who ur feelin doesnt make u feel special  beautiful, ..
it aint worth it.
I need some more friends
He looks better with a tootoo on
Busy night...great chat w/ my fashion hero who I loved interning for back in the day  Save the Music
Can't wait to see Leo In 3d
That true, Joe.
Schenn is a total stud.
My head is still spinning from all this!
Thanks, Lisa!
I hope all is well!
Damn what was the murder weapon an follow me back
Intersection : Giants has the ball back :0
We'll be closed StPattysDay Chicago but don't miss out on 3rd Annual 'Party on the Patio
he definitely is, how do you stop him?
He already has good chemistry with Steve Smith, Scary how good he will be
RIP Daniel Brett 
Just spent an hour doing mister P's packet
ha!
I just cant deal with you.
I will definitely check it out
Sammie has something for you guys later today, be looking for it
ok time to play viedographer
go follow em!
got some funny tweets and some good sounds.
Check the votes fo Atticus vs.
Saphira.
We need to pool our votes NOW.
A blue doctorgon is kicking our arses.
Vote at
He played a character named Floop.
Spy Kids came out in 2001.
When I see him on Masterpiece I think Floop.
You are the only you you can be.
Without you, there is no you.
i honestly cant wait till the weekend!
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE
Hey everyone, hope all is going well!
I've got a joke for the day!
Look below for the joke!
Have a great day!!!
:
Wtf how the hell did the seahawks.
Beat the ravens?
Excited to be at the United Way Pacesetter Lunch!
Theme: The POWER of one gift!!
One has to have a soul that is cheerful by nature, or a soul made cheerful by work, love, art,  knowledge.
Nietzsche
Alexandoctor Lippman: Brazil govn't site staffer removed Creative Commons license logo b/c advertisement, but YouTube, Twitter logos stayed
You're welcome, looking forward to your tweets.
SUPPORT THE HARD WORKERS AND INDIVIDUALS WHO GET THE JOBS DONE!!
MUA STYLISTS PHOTOGRAPHERS MODELS ETC.
RT : Thanks guys for an awesome lunch!
Don't forget to vote for us as America's Fav Food Truck!
10 days left!
DANCE FOREVER IS MY FAVORITE OKAY?
It has been decided because I love everything about that song.
The bass, vocals, doctorm, guitar, AND video!
The Killers  The Rising Tide.
You can say that again!
sleep, i guess.
Thanks for the follow  I was born at LGH!
Does that mean we should start using our names?
gas stoves are the best
UK vs KU baby
Brit but can't stand beer; know my way around a wine glass only too well.
I miss my daughter so much.
Speculations RT : Rose with a torn ACL amp; MCL?
Has this been reported?
Didn't see anything from or :/
but it interferes with my sleeping, and my bras
Hope everyone is having a GREAT Friday afternoon.
Hello to al Print1Media's wonderful new followers!!!
When Sanchez comes off the DL for the giants, they should trade him.
The market for good starters is terrible right now.
Yanks?
BoSox?
Realize that it's just one meal but a brand new day tomorrow!
Getting my hair done friday prolly!
DemonicDerek 9 Years This one will be the most brutal and bloody year yet!!
Romney is a poster boy for sociopath/psychopath
I want to get a pair of polka dot rain boots
GIANTS get er done!!!
Ok, so JPMorgan lost 2 BILLION.
Anyone realize that is about half of what one quarter net professorts usually are?
Not likely to go under.
Starting nine hours of classes tomorrow.
RT : Let's see the love KooKoo RT : this is good..
lol will do..
lol it was a special bike to
The song my ex dedicated to me just came on tv ...
Shoot me with all this bullshit  lmao
don't panic
it won't let me!
Doesn't recognize Belgrade as a place.
PolitibooxUS Thank you for following!
I look forward to future tweets!
look for the flyer its out there the bigeest christian party
I keep looking at my bank acct like money will miraculously appear.
Like I just keep staring at it.
What does it say about my life that I know the codes for 3 Starbucks by heart?
Thanks.
All credit to Caleb.
I'm really just a robot :
: Laughter is a proven way to lose weight.
Then I should be a fucking skinny ass bitch.
wow my nights just ending
is it a house or an apartment?
A reminder to all campaigns: When you suggest Qs to ask the other campaign, those become the least likely Qs anyone will ever ask.
Pretty excited for the civic symbol suite release sometime this week?!
cc
Gym was hilarious with and lol
Be happy!:
Free  Easy at libraries.
So true.
All right sac town get ready I'm gonna cinco ur de mayo.
Good to see Durant  OKC showing.
Would bet a significant  of fans at Staples Center didn't know OKC had a team until now.
Why tha fuck would I buy u a teddy bear bitch u already Bi polar
I would love someone forever if they brought me Starbucks to school tomorrow morning!
: 
Got so many books to read that I can't get caught up!
This is what happens when I'm busy  sick  stop reading for a while!
U need to reevaluate your life if your a single guy's side chick.
Thanks!
We're excited to help startups like yours!
Let us know what you need and we're there!
thanks for the follow!
Keep up the great work with your terrific historic hotel.
Terrific Colorado history.
He asked me to be he's Valentines..
Hi Susan  I love your Twitter background.
Very eyecatching.
Did you design it yourself?
Praying Colin Firth wins best actor!
It's storming 
If you want anything badly enough, you can find the willpower to achieve it.
Also no offense at all RT : No vertical game for Iowa right now.
TheAvengers is pure joy.
Now I'm going to eat some shawarma.
What a game last night!
please explain
Eddie Royal agreed to terms with the San Diego Chargers.
Why do burger places have to be so stingy with the BACON!
Only 2 strips ..
WTF!
!
I WANT 10 strips mine !
SHIT!
!
Finally done with Waverly.
So bizarre!
: Hope you find resolution.
i dont think she would have enjoyed my methods and you wouldn't either.
Itd be a bloody mess!
Im  jasons page now.
Not showin anyone there...
I think it's funny when patrons tell the librarians to shush.
:
I don't know what has been worse: Garcia's pitching or the eyebrows of the woman attorney on the Cohen, Snyder commercial.
And I could get my students to make them.
Assembly line!
M.
: Hungry Century City?
Here we come!
122pm 10345 W.Olympic Blvd!
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.
Haha he is: Some fems.
are nice but he's like over board :D
haha, that fing movie Hamlet 2...stupid but funny but with the added bonus of having been shot in
Does this lady not understand that i dont care that she hasnt had a man in 3 years.
I am a huge fan of the Great materials, especially for those who are new to the process.
I be playing your shit down here Texas bro
I think I see a real life pimp sitting right next to me at this bar lol
I want to win the handbag giveaway from !
Follow  RT to win!
Getting a windows phone tour at the ces keynote with microsoft
MWW Designs is on Facebook/Twitter/InstaGram/Pinterest/Google 
XML is a must.
Semantic info is very important.
After investing 30M CDN, all info is searchable.
But 4 whom?
Insiders?
Public?
So you're saying I'm not going as far north as I need to...
Good morning friends, take a visit to Farm today  pick up any two top shelf grams for 30..our strain of the day is Super Silver Berry!
Do people from Philly really have an accent?
People tell me I have one and I never know what they're talking about.
Afternoon nap, you are my best friend.
Congratulations to who WON the CTK HERO Award!
It's Official!
Thank you from City Hearts to everyone who voted!
Who's got a gig this weekend?
I wish was creepin haha.
My science teacher was sing Eenie Meenie today in 6th per.
Lol i love u!
my biggest concern is the lineup  I wish they would announce!
cuz we're awesome duh
abdc or abc?
lol.
RT : Harry potter on abdc family..
Oh yeah
thanks for all your help and enthusiasm
Pardon the Interruption is the best show ESPN has.
my friends didn't want ice cream.
I need new friends...
The greatest love of all is happening to me.
Whitney Houston Thank you Whitney.
Good luck on the next journey...
Big Show Tonight on Seahawks and Division.
recaps CCL win, on Seattle Hoops 930pm
Where did you hear this?!
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.
Mark Twain
Officially reCPR certified!
Card came today!
:
yeap , and xD , she sings very well
is looking at Twitter for the first time in 27 days...
I'm gonna start following this on my phone,  see if I do better...
its super fun once you get used it!
Dont open any DM from me or anyone saying someone is posting bad stuff about you spam
that's so not funny.
SM Town LA?
Too far away ;;
yeah I was so shitty!!!
She slammed into me hard lol
playing at the pool
Habitat 4 Humanity Meeting at 5pm in the Admin Room 304!!!
Come now!!!!!!
Hi Melanie!
Great meeting you on the One Love Cruise!
Thank you for the interview!
I am posting our pic together.
Blessings..
...
very important message in a noise filled world, where we never stop to think silently and deeply.
We do too!
Those have been really great and fun to watch!
We are a little behind on our schedule but should cover all scheduled appointments.
We however are not scheduling anymore repairs today.
Prayers to the Seau family..
man.....
long day at the office..ready for some chillin' with the ole' IPA's..ya
fingers crossed : hope Peter gets himself together.
We will be praying for him here in Lynchburg.
tell to check the streets of NYC.
Lots of critter hats.
yeatwitter!
It's so early!
I don't know even know why or how I'm awake lol
LifeWasEasyBefore when I was in kindergarten, then crap all rolled downhill after that...Bring naps back!
u too  go somewhere cool!
The fact they think they are the shit MAKES them the shit!
...that activity acts as a jumping off point to discuss cultural implications of variations in vocabulary between L1 and L2.
Just to start.
This company seems to be powered almost entirely on peanut MMs.
so was i ripped out turf buddy and planted it my yard
Custom orders.
TEAL.
Your body will not run on 600 cals just because you want it to.
Don't starve yourself.
Fuel your body with healthy foods, you deserve it.
11:11 Is The Best Song In The Universe 
Thanks and for the retweet, here's hoping the spammers get the boot!
I'm leaving for an organized ghost hunt at an old mine and cemetery outside Vegas in Eldorado Canyon!
S/b interesting....
Sitting in the exact same spot at BU medical campus HR orientation as I did 3.5 years ago.
Me and are going to have some rockin socks!
You want to come doctornk in Canton?
We're doctornkin' on a rooftop deck
Baby will you Call me...
The moment you get there...
Please go to my description to like my pic3 I will follow you back!
Left hand, meet right.
Right hand, meet left.
And so do the Clippers...mas putos
After years of feeding my addiction, the abruptly withdoctorw.
Broke down and now am getting an actual paper Sunday times.
Thank you to our friends at Printing Solutions AZ for the shout out!
Thank you for your continued support and your great work
Trying, but I can't think of anything decent enough not to change...
follow back!!!
: An Aquarius female will never sit 2nd place to a man.
Thank you Alia for your warm referral to Anthony!
We really appreciate your recommendation!
345: As long as I've been a member, my gym has been talking about new equipment.
I'm thankful that today there were finally new bikes!
The Great Curve , All that you doctoram
I understand that we're at church, but if you suck...then you suck.simpleandplain stop singing
yes!!!
Now it's just a list of vendors and the discounts for Saturday!
Sorry...
Long story.

itch itch itch
no guy likes lifetime , I understand :b haha
Street Life Intelegence Moneys Everything slime flu
My room got so freezing last night, I should not have left my window open.
But thank the Lord it's Friday.
I can finally sleep a lot!
Iam Followin Hopefully She Follows Back .
praise the lord your dad is having a heap of fun right now!
He's a lucky fella!
My day was full of cute shops and laser tag.
Now it's time to relax.
team for this morning's workout...great effort!
I really don't wanna be late to church again.
We've got a pitcher's duel going at Wrigley!
Make sure you stop in during and after the game for a frosty pint.
Besttapsintown baby!
follow me please i wiil be very happy if you follow me :D x
same baby
No Doubt 3
If kanye in the AM doesn't make you smile.
Idk what will
Heading out to hang with , !
It took a lot of people to help us make this film and for the next few days we're going to be blasting out some thank yous.
CSI's faculty is focused on student success  they've helped 1,000's of students from Chicago  the Chicago Land Area enhance their skills
LOL!!!
You are so kind and considerate....cheesecakeangel :
lol me to
I would rather get swept by the Royals for ten straight years than lose Mo42 for the season/career.
me either !
thanks for letting me know about this!
STOP KONY!
Looks like the Raiders will hold on and beat the Vikings 2721, despite a piss poor second half performance.
its an iPhone app called Emoji, it creates an emoticon keyboard for your phone and its fun.
Get the free one!
oh, hello, mister Scott
Water, air, and cleanliness are the chief articles in my pharmacopoeia
Got class tonight ready to get it started.
Made it through the first week
RVA Career Adventurers  Are you following ?
A Change Agent bringing you local info on Jobs, Co info  More!
Get on board!
I love the new song Rihanna where have you been
and I are hanging in San Diego being thugs.
We are so Hxc.
follow me babe x
That awkward moments when you and a little kid have the same thing on as you.
will do and thanks
Nah let me find out somebody mad cuz Boosie not guilty!
Eh.
Not so hot...got maybe an hour of sleep and just worried about them.
: Thanks for asking, though.
I would love to see a team with no money behind them get somewhere for once.
OH: I spent my time doctor humping a rails 2.1.9 rails app for the last 6 months.
I love how is still doing the things that he would normally do back in Australia.
Staying in touch from where he came from 3
Christmas equals calories...time to go burn them off..
Off to bed, maybe tonight ill doctoram about watching my self tell the news again.
The newspaper called the Milano Inn a culinary landmark  come see why Italian food lovers dine with us.
Indy
Hulk for the win!
I'll never understand why people get upset over petty things...
Life's too short to care.
DoWhatMakesYouHappy LifeGoesOn Don'tBeAHater
yep.
Buckle.
Up.
Is your 10 mile race this weekend?
I will be this decade's Sybilmultiple Twitter personality disorder
Good Morning!
It's a beautiful crisp day!
Hope your week is starting off to be a good one!
I know you are very productive right now!
:
Yeah Fuckers in trouble now!
Has to crush em blowin the lead !
Rangers Suck
I assure you I will get back to you soon!
:
he does appear in great shape
wait, nobody told me about a party!!
LIKE me at www.facebook.com/karlachisholmfanpage As soon as I get to 1,000 LIKES I'm giving away a FREE iPod NANO!!
she effing met him again!!!!
RT I don't think Lebron is ringless, because wearing the One Ring would explain why he keeps disappearing at key moment.
should so NOT be awake right now!
It's after 3am.
Crap.
But, happy 4th of July!!!
:
Hey Terrie, Thanks for checking us out, we are following back.
Have a great one!
im gonna walk, and I'm gonna walk fast, and I'm gonna be turnin' to the left sometimes
Native Foods 1 of my favorite LA vegan restaurants is opening in Chicago next week in Wicker Park, Milwaukee1484 N.
Ave.
Yum
Q6: It's demoralizing to get passed, but I'm already going as fast as I can.
Incentive to train harder.
Hearty congrats from your friends at 
Joyce Appleby honored at reception and buffet at Sheraton Society Hill Hotel.
Thanks for letting me know!
I will probably buy a book and wait to get it signed in person at some point.
Thanks!!!
yay...
Glad to hear.
You are absolutely adorable to watch.
Love you 3
Me and James are really bored....
Told him to smoke but he won't do it alone.
I won't smoke cause I'm trying to attempt to get clean...
We've never seen someone wear out the parts of a new bike this fast.
We think we fixed everything.
Enroute back to Pontiac.
i have the darkest secrets..
i have HUGE trust issues...
No i am not dating anyone at the moment
If I don't talk to someone soon I'm gonna scream.
Walked to the station today.
Satisfied, but not happy.
I hate it when your heart overpowers your head.
He later qualified that heavily, but at the time I suspect it was spoton.
They already have Brady Quinn!!
Lol
lib10steps good for recording test is camtasia
great night w/ BennyGolson and the fine Pittsburgh Jazz Orchestra / Sean Jones / Micheal Tomaro Thank you!
Sunday special at Zaxby's of Jeffersonville...
Bring in your worship bulletin and get 10 off your order.
yea since last summer
THANK YOU : can't wait to see all of his looks this weekend!
Very talented designer!
No you won't :
Today I signed up for the NFL concussion lawsuit.
Trying to remember how many times I was dizzy after hitting someone was not easy.
RT I wonder why Katheryn Stockett's novel The Help was rejected 59 times.
Apparently, the 60th was a charm.
I need to watch Poetic Justice
RT BiancaMPrieto: A survey crew found the remains Monday afternoon.
Police say its a male and no foul play.
Bones being collected.
me too!
oh my be careful with that.
post a pic if you can.
I don't have any of me on a leash but I think we might get some today!
.
Does it break your heart that CLR James wrote on cricket?
I've asked about you and they've told me things, but my mind didn't change I still feel the same.
God gave me you for the days of doubt.3
RT : I swear I'm in my car more than I am my house
I don't care what you say, I'm GOING to cry.
Glee rocks.
Make them like you instead.
nothin just workin on some wedding invitations for a client...
How bout you?
What about how D.C.
has historically been considered the City of Trees?
What a great info session last night!
Looking forward to getting to know our new volunteers next week when September training begins!
In performance of piece by PDQ Bach, P Schickele whom I hired to conduct approached a player, and started loud conversation FUNNY
we are open.
here we stand, at this fork in our lives / torn between those we love and the life we praise
So our practice space got flooded last night!
I smell new gear ;...
and mildew.
TED talks are better than cupcakes
RT : Just had a great meeting with  looking forward to working together soon!
need to make a plan, stan!
If you Negroes stay home In November because O supports marriage equality you will deserve Mitt Romney.
To tired to function
That guy was nuts!!
my fake acct doesn't even have my real name
And overtime...again.
you are so wonderful to supply most awesome Tshirt 4 SWAG bag from
Can you help us spread the word?
On it!
RT : Less height  less wind resistance.
Embrace the advantage, and torch the field!
Its a dude doctorssed like captainin america at the theater...
we took the bong in the car
Lets do lunch, Fatty.
Bacon  mayo sandwiches on me.
Kinda sad how I'm totally unmotivated to keep up with 30 Rock.
That show was IT for a while.
I just pretend to agree with you so you can shut up quicker so I won't have to argue.
have you seen buro in midtown?
It's like 215.
Alternatively, maybe can hook you up with a desk  straat?
Watching this crazy funny stupid movie Super smh lmfao
Preach!!
: How sacred marriage is, yet they have been divorced 5 times.
Um.....
Hello?
We are looking forward to connecting and reading your tweets!
An exhibition of faculty work opens Oct.
14 at the HR Block Artspace at KCAI.
Are you an Attorney trying to find an expert for your case?
Consolidated Consultants is here to help!!
www.freereferral.com
We post it last night
Krispy Kreme FAIL!
My Boston Cream donut was empty!!!
SO disappointing.
I'm glad I didn't get a whole box of them.

FOLLOW MY NEW FRIEND!!
AND ENJOY HER AWESOME TWEETS 
she is awesome like u
You're welcome!
Keep up the awesome.
Find the wonderful in your life today!
Joan Endicott
Afc North domination.
3 of 4 afc teams in power rankings top ten are in the afc north
RT: Tomorrow we are going to have an epic podcast!
We welcome !!
US officials say robust efforts...and better account for every dollar spent, have put pieces in place to protect the agency from more cuts.
I'll keep u posted on the parking lot.
N Rex said there would be a first time for everything.
Cuz it ain't happened yet
I'm thankful that I'm healthy n I'm working on being wealthy so get out the way or jump on the band wagon FENKELL AVE ALL DAY NO FAIR IN ME
I hate materialistic people
bro buy it online and you can download it now
r u at the concert?
Charles Caleb ColtonSome pursue happiness, others create it .
See you Stars and Studs later!!
SportCenter Question of The Night: Doris Burke, how many 7footers in the country are seven feet?
She stumped me!
Hangin with my Cuzin this weekend!!!!
please follow me!!!!!!!!!!111
In a global economy why are GOP candidates overly concerned with State's Rights?
50 different health care systems is not efficient.
I know, I just felt like telling you to shut up :
follow back : 3 Thanks
I don't know what you are talking about, you must have been shopping for your five year old
That awkward moment when you can't get the power aid out of the package....
why are you talking to me..
Hotel Okura Co., Ltd.
Enhances Global Reservations Network
Tele/Ear Prompter WRKSHP2 SPOTS LEFT!
Sat, 104 pm Learn how to use this to win auditions!
Auditioning  Tweens  Teens  SOLD OUT
I watch Ryan Hollins or Ramon Sessions to their respective things or Andoctor Miller's old moves.
Last week it was Doodles.
This week Josie's.
Vying for best breakfast spots in Lex!
MORE violent?!?!?
Uh oh
RT : Treat everybody equal you Neva knw when the tables may turn
Had puppy preschool at the today!
It was SO fun!!
I played with a new friend named Jackson.
He was super fun!
Thanks !
Air Jordan 1 High Strap Premier will be here  City Gear Sat.
April 5th!!!!!!
Call and reserve ur pair today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love you!
Really tired
hah you might be right.
quotes If you come to a fork in the road, take it.
Yogi Berra Got to love Yogi!, Go Yankees!
RT : Looking forward to catching , featuring UK aviation justice activists, at
929 N.
Wolfe will bring 24/7 activity to EBDI JHU BioPark on north side of Madison.
Can't wait for June 2012 opening.
The autopsy is today but we DO know his neck broke
LISTENING TO 107.7 THE BONE.
THEY ARE PLAYING PRETTY GOOD MUSIC.
Creativity has saved me on countless occasions.
RT : Thanks to for this awesome quote!
I'm just trying to change the world, one sequin at a time.
Lady Gaga
Hooray!
RT : In deep newfound love with the Third Ward.
Awesome show tonight!!
Thanks to everyone that came out great energy!!
Very sleepy
Thanks Jeff!
You have a fantastic day today!
Ooh nice.
Can't wait to check out Tweetie for Mac.
Wish my home office looked like the one shown in telecommuting talk
Lamborghini Urus: photos and details leaked
I would suggest doing both;
It's a beautiful day!!!
RT : The Silence are hanging out in my house today.
I've entered 3 rooms and completely forgot what I was doing in each one.
Presidential Candidate from San Diego to be interviewed on NBC Sun morning at 9AM
Field of doctorams always makes me cry just a bit...
Had fun playing checkers, flying helicopters, and riding ATV's with the family yesterday.
More hiking today!
:D
imma ask them to follow you :3
baby!!!
So excited to see u!
I totes stalked your site tonight
25 Ways to Determine If You Are Addicted to Wrestling
Will do more Twitter catch up tomorrow, I am beat!
It has been an excruciatingly long week.
So ready for the weekend!
:
Same here!
I wish I was born in the 70's that70'sshow
With paranoia on my heels; Will you love me still, when we awake and you find that the sanity has gone from my eyes?
Pretty good just staying busy with life.
Thanks for the follow too.
It's always nice when strangers follow you, right?
Lol
went to both classes today...BAM
Just got some sick earphones ;D
At some outdoor art show in Calabassas.
Learned during wbnamerica: let them see what you're offering.
know your book.
saying it's one of the best books i've ever read helps.
Please Palin please.
Keep on talking thru November 6, 2012
RT : How critical is a community mngr in biz today?
This wk's UnGeeked debate May 4th 8PM ET w/guest:
Ready for the Next Show!
www.whoistrillogy.com
Proclamation from the Mayor of Mt.
Vernon Marcia Griffiths
I would guess the link reading hahaha I didnt read any of them thoroughly.
oh no by Friday we'll be recovered!
damnn where have i been all week long.....
ya...Hahaha I'm extremely jealous.
I had a great run on UB tonight won 3 sitngo's in a row, halfway to Aruba, I already feel the white sand between my toes.
damn we got read to:/ oh right
No need to keep that crush a secret!
:
Thanks to all the writers who contributed to our Bruins coverage this year.
Nothing but great work throughout the season!
BYOD: We've been in that game for years Stephen Lester CIO Harvard Business School
Should follow me!
:
well go read it!!
Lol
hahahaahahaha no no i lost it way back when..before they graced us with their presence
Two cups of coffee on my desk, one from today, one from who knows when...
Pretty sure I sipped from the wrong one.
how'd it go today?
hope you had a great run!
I can't believe you're moving
it would mean the world to me if you wished me a happy birthday today: please?
Oxtail is so delicious, especially in the context of hot and sour noodle soup.
Happy Ujima!
follow for more info about Bradley Manning.
depends on where you are.
I've done it.
UDSOT has approved Virgin America to fly one nonstop daily between SFO and DCA.
The egg doesn't fall far from the ovary.
Thanks for the shout out!
Hope you enjoyed the slides.
can you repeat where to register
Just got out of my final and the OS killing the yanks
Fascist early risers.
Why you gotta be foisting your dawn agendas on us poor, downtrodden night owls?
I wish I could go back an be a kid again NO WORRIES AT ALL
that's why I live John Sterling
haha i like this
Dear ...
when are you going to get rid of these horrible MNF announcers??
I would appreciate it, as I am watching the game on mute..
Two things added to my favs list recently, goats milk soap and organic coffee: Wow!
Heaven...
LAUGHS OMG.
You just CONFUSED ME.
I strongly believe that the least you would have gotten would've been a B, but you would not have failed.
Not with my help ;D
I feel better now that I did some Yoga I am pretty sure i am addicted now lol
Why did I not try to become a NASCAR reporter??
If Benedict Cumberbatch doesn't win the best actor BAFTA this time, there's got to be something wrong with humanity.
YouKnowYouInDetroitWhen you hear muscle cars roar more than you hear traffic on a busy highway.
it happend so quick I couldnt even get it
duh ..
do u use skype sometimes ?
I'm trying to follow tweeps back as they follow me but I continue to get the You're over your max message.
Very frustrating...
i gave up on trying to get u to follow me : think i should start again?
Your not gonna support Obama now just because he supports gay marriage?
Alumni CAN attend the .GOV Federal Career Fair on Wednesday Nov.
9th in the William Pitt Union from 9am3pm.
Hearing about the Aurora Lights program from a high school senior.
Program exposes kids to health care fields.
Out and about in NYC.it' s getting cold again
This sucks 
like like like
Just finished reading killinglincoln by great read for anyone who loves history, America, or hearing of traitors get theirs
Throw in black eyed peas.
collard greens, and grits and you are there.
PCL tonight....get there early for 2 for 1 doctornks until 10 Hit me up for guest list or tables 480.612.3337
Getting up for work on my bday really sucks but I can't wait for tonight !:
We!!
I cant wait either!!!
Thanks for letting me know!
Weird.
Emailed my stellar, internetssavvy web designer to see what might be up...
lol that name is classic...
i am able to see this on my iPod!
Can u say hi to Pammy in Chicago?
Nice to see a Baltimore talent on here!
and I love it, too.
I'll be sure to check them out iA.
Keep in touch.
I may have an opportunity for you.
What does a pirate do on her day off?
Laundoctor, watch music videos, doctornk, and refuse to get doctorssed.
Joc got a smart ass mouth.
I like to smoke n do somthin...not jus smoke n sit around askin what we doin?
Today I was elected Chairman of the I am happy to be supported unanimously as chair.
I hope recognizes us.
Still time for that last minute valentines gift certificate.
Wouldn't your sweetie love one of our custom straps?
heading back to DC from michigan.
Its been raining and foggy the whole way
I wanna fucking sing, buT I SING so so so BAD !
Just read your post on Seven Sentences...nice to meet you!
I know your lumps your lumps your lady lumps u told me about xD
thanks for making my night better!!!
Storylines in Mad Men presently set during Hansberry's life.
Interesting to discuss what historical, social  cultural events  mores put in
its really clever!;
Omg how awesome!
I I had brown eyes , we'd almost look identical :
In the realm of hey look at me!
cultures, motorcyclists are the least subtle.
Everytime I get to the top of my timeline 100000 more tweets cone through
Congrats on getting that degree!
Proud of how you represent us!
How does one footnote silence?
I've read hundoctords, if not thousands, of letters and nary a one mentions Garvey, but people don't believe me.
oh my goodness the castronovos in your icon!!!
SO ADORABLE 3
Instant karmas gonna get you
Ain't that the truth!
RT : Cheapest way is always walking lol
I'm looking forward to attending the grand opening today of the new Mexican consulate office in Sacramento.
lol...yea I heard its a nice lil piece of change for that school...
RT : I accept I have all I need to respond beautifully to life in this moment.
Oh shit my mom has this spanish music on blast today!
Nice guy, and a class act.
RT : If there's a more likable human being on Earth than Tim Dillard, I'd love to meet him.
Thank you and Cheers!
Hope you're having a good day!
I love you, Ur amazing.
Keep doing what your doing :

dude how's it going?
Same here!!
Wtf is wrong with you?
he's gonna keep finding' out those facts.
lol smh,
Lakers bout to fuck around n lose
Fabulous nutrition information!
www.andoctorabeaman.com
well hola thirsty!
How is your day going??
i'm looking for a vintage tuxedo; any thoughts as to good mens' vintage shops in DMV?
Think happy thoughts.
Did Carl get a spray tan before the debate?
I'm not sure...I just noticed one eye is closed lol
My alarm tune for this morning was  'wake up wake up its the 1st of the month'
I love my son
Club Tryst!!
Since when can a lair NOT be a victim of a crime?
A crime is a crime, let the jury decide!
I know the NYC DA's Office are all saints right?
at least I did't forget our friendiversary ;
You may say I'm a doctoramer....but actually I just took too much NyQuil and I'm experiencing lucid hallucinations  night terrors.
Things I learned at work today: just because someone claims to have 15 paintings with a total of 300k doesn't mean they really are
Countdown to Stocking the Pequod Closing Reception...12 days!
Hope everyone is practicing their shanties!
DNation Milwaukee will be at the the ENTIRE weekend of Jan.
21st!
Come say hi!
runnerds united against cancer!
Of course I do !
: I think loves me
Leaving Flagstaff  productive day yesterday in Museum of Northern Arizona Owl Rock Member microvertebrate collections.
I miss you too caaaaaatteeee.
Floyd is starting to take over.
I heard they're offering fewer free guest passes this year.
slide to power off  use whenever you want your iPhone completely silent.
Problem solved!
Yep!
I'm definitely going to try to make it out to the screening tomorrow!
Thanks for the follow!
:
One place at one time
Thank you Randy, Jay  Cindy of for dinner this week in Sarasota with !
Harvard FTW!
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
Morning everyone :D
Can't get out to fan fest tonight because of baseball But I hope there's a good turnout.
you are too kind, sir.
Look forward to celebrating with you tomorrow
doctornk whiskey out the bottle  forget about tomorrow.
Thank you to Vins de Provence and for a great event this afternoon.
Maybe you should get paid for it
I'll always be better then you
A good book is the best of friends.
English Proverb
Anybody traveling to NYC for occupy ??
I want to talk to you!
Today was the worst and best day.3
holy rain
Gripes, the Palin 2012 campaign has begun in earnest
movie cool but Youtube Gutta J Nino Brown
Amen!
RT : Gospel truth!
RT : A3 Our lives matter if other people matter to us.
Can't stop kickin myself remembering ugh
Squeezing in a little more millefiori work before the kid's schedule takes over my schedule for the day!
My fridayreads: Chad Harbach's 'The Art of Fielding' and Geoff Dyer's 'Otherwise Known as the Human Condition.'
On omegle :D
ThingsICantStand when My mother won't stop screaming xD
12 hours today.
16 hours tomorrow.
Really like your Kickstarter designs...
a very fresh look.
6 months before launch, Team says, Oh shit!
and starts crunching.
Suits say, Crunch more plz.
We are not moving the launch date.
: I wanna grab ur ass right now 
Seems like the disciplines already lend themselves to the new  fancy Common Core lingo/requirements.
Who's excited to see , , and tonight?!
what do u mean?
Rolled That Loud Now Im Faded
doctoraming Of The Past Now available for free download, check it out!
I found your professorle through a friend lol.
I've just started my account too.
I think it's from the popular adds, like magazines.
Is it.......THE NOTEBOOK?
Mire than welcome Lady Kaye...
Enjoy The Remainder of the day
Hearing about the automation of monitoring cultural heritage objects and sites using computational conservation
Hahahah Jake: that kids so short Me: i remember when you were that short: Jake: now im almost taller then you Me: true that:
Beyonce pregnant nothingwrongwith that!
so awesome : congrats  jayz!
T2 days until the Wisconsin Beer Lovers Festival.
We've still got a few tickets to give away!!
Stay tuned Milwaukee!
excited?!
YouCuteAndAllBut your attitude sucks!!!
Dear Ricardo !
I want to do an ecommerce site with only your Three.js effects?Can you help?
Know someone?
My product is deserving !
...
Can you all follow !
PLEASE 
Sweeney Todd.
Forever
Ahh coffee and twitter in the morning what more can a girl ask for
great to see someone else tweeting about Worden and
QUAdoctorPHENIA!!
I'm punching rockers in the face with joy!
: meant love you too..
Lol
want me to call and wake u up n the morning?
Watching old concert videos from back in the day with !
miss me?
Yes or No, have you ever visited our website?
Good ass block
Dear Face Wash Commercials, Nobody actually splashes their face with water like that.
Sincerely, my bathroom is sopping wet now.
ok i gotchu!
U gonna come Get it??!
Small Business Saturday!
What are you doing to support your favorite small business?
you know you can change right.....
Finally getting good cell phone service again
Agreed!
And sorry we didn't catch up at mw2012.
btw.
the busy sessions  piano/karaoke bars it was difficult : Next time!
I just died laughing at that
We are saddened to learn about the death of Navajo code talker Samuel Tso.
Our condolences to his family.
Good Night Brett Favre...
you and your crotch can go home.
How 'bout dem Jets!
Hasn't responded???
What number did you call?
Did you leave a message?
Thanks.
Its a matter of time before we all run out, but when i thought he was mine she caught him by the mouth!
No, sherry potter
Resting all day
Board Orientation Workshop Saturday, September 17 Time: 8:30 a.m.
to 12:30 p.m.
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.
Anthony Robbins
I just saw your post...can't wait to see you next time!
.
you rocked this weekend at
well, there goes my vote for wonderland on the pepsi thingamajig.
i wonder what other cool projects they're looking at...
I'll let you know when I go this year so you can have a good laugh.
I'm terrible  have zero patience.
if only.
headed back to up LA for a fun two shoot  can't wait!
Being an actor is GREAT!
It loves you too...
Crowd at The Q very disinterested in George Clinton and anxious for this Kid Cudi guy.
I'm getting bored.
Above all, don't fear difficult momentsThe best comes from them.
Rita Levi Montalcini, a Nobel Prizewinning scientist
Image is everything pal
sorry for your loss.
What do you think the client presentation beefs are?
MT : It's okay, guys.
We just need to start spreading news abt the gang shoutouts in the new Chicago anthem.
Haha...I will.
I love losing followers!
C'mon, keep unfollowing, this is exciting!!!
Can't sleep....gonna do what bored awake people do best.
August....yuck
Rohan Marley is engaged.
Damn Lauryn, I wonder if you regret messing with his arse.
Now can we get The MisEducation of Lauryn Hill PT II?
TY !
Didn't know if there were others I should learn about too : constantcontact is def a great one!
i heard what you said about me, yeah and you blocking me and shit on facebook, its kinda addin up.
WE need to fucking talk
Your Welcome!
We would love to help out your residents with Prescription Assistance.
Please visit www.rx2you.com for info!
and the opening lick is just filthy.
everybody's talking at the same time
on my way to the glbtrt social and ftrf program
Big weekend full of recruiting visits, w/ signing day a few days away!
Excited to have next years squad in ink.
It's going to be special!
is that the second Ed.
translation in the Benjamin  media Harvard pub?
Me likey.
Dang nas its that bad?
The Sullivan Principles were corporate Constrctive Engagement.
Disney land will be open 24hrs today, reaching full capacity by noon.
I'm sure it will NOT be the happiest place on earth!
Why you so nice
her line is always insane, probs will skip it this year!
I got your back so you ain't gotta front.
MAN I REALLY WANT A MOTORCYCLE!
Just pressed the button that finalizes the editing process for New Spirits.
Thanks to all you who have supported us and continue to do so
can you DM or email yur new addoctorss?
FYI, just wrapped up 2 class sessions on Rupert
I FoLLow MTV's Teen Mom's , , ....
because I can relate!
:/ It's nice to kno sum1else understands :/
Does anyone have a link to the Sneak Peeks 3 and 4 that weren't blocked by Viacom??
The nerve!
I wish most women felt that way.
Good Morning!
and Happy Monday
Officer Do you know why I pulled you over?
My reply Because I'm fat  you assume I have donuts?
You talk about kids, but you won't doctorp it either?
Free complementary appetizers during Happy Hour !!!!!!!!
Just saw the space shuttle land here at JFK.
I avoided a patdown thanks to the distracted TSA agents.
Oh gosh, you're right, that US cover is absolutely horrible.
They a lie
I'm done, fuck a hater bitch
listening to the dog fart....thats right, I said the dog just farted and I heard it....hot dog!!!!!
where the F is my mom??
Too stressed to nap, too tired to work.
Looks a little more like Marilyn Monroe...
What a day!
Lots and lots of scene work.
Burbank I'm headed your way tomorrow.
For 5 you get to see Casablanca big in the ballroom plus coffee, tea, and fancy fancy desserts.
It's gonna be superclassy.
Finally getting to play baseball.
Oh wait its probably going to rain...
The rain finally stopped in Atlanta
Luminarium tickets are sold out for today.
Last day tomorrow.
Be there at 10am to make sure you can get in.
it's legit the worst day of my life.
ff  just because they're cool peeps!
Saw the hashtag 313DLove and I have to say: Detroit has the best airport in the US.
DTW rocks!
Always nice to get input from alumni.
;
RT.
Both the Bulls  Hawks play at 7p.
9 Miller Lite Pitchers, 3 Domestic Bottles, 3 Jamo, Beam  Morgan  4 Kettle  Jack
Joe I hope they back off.
The News will not be the same if you change or leave.
thanks to your interview earlier this week, I will remember Dan Wheldon for the competitor he was but it makes this even harder.
RIP
Two crack heads could stay together forever
Love the new in Green Lakegreat space to work, doctornk an iced latte, and stare out at the Lake.
A classic pancake breakfast in a rec hall with carpeted walls!
And this one served eggs.
We are visiting the troops at Fort Lewis!
Lmao.
The people on xbox live always have me so weak.
So I am taking a shit at work and the guy in the stall next to me is struggling to pinch a loaf while he recites a hail mary
you the best!!
For a great coach on helping you find that special someone in your life Follow for great tips!
na i dont think so but Razzadah is my dude...
He engineers all my mixtapes...
Real talented cat fa real
was in Minneapolis last week, and we have still yet to see a picture ...
How sad.
Apparently he was everywhere too.
you should call them a BROT
me too at least u gt more than me
I love the professorle pic..it is fabulous.
Tell em cobb county transit is down the street...
it's been awesome!
Just really busy...
I'm loving it!!
wouldn't expect anything different.;
Thanks, Where ever says, then you can take us home.
Thank you for following the USC JEP Young Scientist Program!
what?
What?
What?
Crazy.
Crazy stuff.
Good smile for a Tuesday.
Word.
Thanks for the vibes.
The movie Selena is sad watching it in Spanish I wanna cry love her and her music
Everytime I tlk about moving she always try n.make me stay man I'm gettn really annoyed man oml
I hope you do!
Maybe one day I will too, hopefully the next tour!
When will you find out if you got one?
Once I'm part of ur life u can't forget about me...
You may have created my past, and messed up my present, but you have no control of my future.
okay ill answer!
nexttofall I hope so!
RT : Wisconsin
Vanilla bean w salty caramel swirl  fudge covered potato chip clusters.
Sounds about right  so not apologizing for it!
NOM
thanks for the shout out!
Need a volunteer to design a Web site for new nonprofessort organization.
Please send email to if you can help.
I sent her a text and said what are you doing, she text back and said PICKING OUT SOME CLOSE TO BUY..
You know who you are ; 
Sorry people I am never coming back on here again sorry
Just a reminder, in case you forgot, the Brewers are in the Eastern Time Zone tonight so 's game coverage starts now!
blizzard  its about time
Thanks for this!
My dad  sister have been playing the game Risk for about 2 hours.
I would never be able to play a game that long.
How many ways can I compliment me?
It's amazing what the human body can do when you set your mind to doing something.
That's kinda old news.
Girl, what's new in your world?
Life good in NE?
love facebook and twitter
im on
It's hot outside,we deliver.
What an awesome combo lol it was cool to see u the at 24k!
RT : jamaican food  target practice!
we finally doctorppin next month....
release date will be soon
is awesome
The Brewers are three wins away from the world series...
just thought about that....
I love your ideas :
I just want to hug of all of them but I can't cause that's crazy I can't hug every cat.
much appreciation and support!
it's a German dessert wine :
hey dude at gym who is always mouthing the words to what u r listening to in your headphones u r so cool for knowing all those lyrics lol
Thought you were done with stats at 244?
LIES!
BA339: HIDDEN STATS!
Sneaky !
Time to get back to basics.
as much as I love John Stamos!
Why is chorizo sausage so amazing with eggs?
Coyotes need a quick score in the 2nd.
Crowd is electric tonight.
lol I'm literally sitting in my car.
Just a reminder: starting tomorrow, were going to be at the Seattle Remodeling Expo all weekend.
Come say hi!
sounds amazing!
:
He says thats amazing news!!
:
Of course : Fave song?
Awesome RT I am a lousy copywriter, but I am a good editor.
A letter from legendary ad man David Ogilvy: t.co/1mVXpfBE
this is sweet!
they need to make more videos like this.
I'd rather not sleep at all.
Sleep is a short death.
RT : Still time to get sweets for sweetie: CHH or VA/Doernbecher skybridge, today till 3, sales benefit SoM Alliance programs
Wow.
U really made my day by following me Ms.
Garrett.
I'm honored.
I love u.
Thanx 4 yrs of greatness.
GOD bless.
YOU embarrass yourself.
WHEN did POTUS say he was AGAINST it?
And that is a flip flop how????
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to getting to know you.
Poised Creation is blessed to be backed by some of the best business professorssionals in the country!
Getting there means leaving things behind, sometimes life's so bittersweet.
When are we getting cheesesteaks
I also had this dilemma a few years back.
Try jcpenny!
It is time for LD to be business consultants.
Let your expertise go!
Its about asking questions.
our CEO, latest Mashable post features you and your help to on.mash.to/qHS7pm
Sometimes, you have to cross lines to see where the boundaries even stand.
yeah, that's fucked up.
Guess whos gonna be in Phoenix next weekend...
BEHEMOTH!!!!!
Im so excited I just tinkled
How to organize a closet  Mother Nature Network
I just said I can't wait for him to come lol : I cant wait to see my man this weekend comin up 
SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet..
Will that SOMEDAY me now?
3 4
We totally agree!
Yum, Gumbo....
's RockCracklePop is the best thing you'll see today.
Thanks!!
Glad ur grandson healed well!!
I'm just glad we don't have 2 do surgery!!:
Does it come with free meat ponchos?
Cuz if it does, I'll buy ten of them!
Cant wait!
RT Looking forward 2 this!
Iron  Wine 2 headline Old Settler's Festival austin360.com/blogs/content/ via
I've heard closing can be stressful like that!
I need love too...
Stuck in bed, still sick
But the publications themselves don't claim the points are meaningless.
I'm seriously going to hit someone
Starting a movie countdown to Christmas.
Any littleknown gems I should check out?
Just a guess, but you'll be OK once the game gets started tonight.
Happy Black History month!
more like ...
harry : you know the song what makes you beautiful?
i wrote it for you :
You're probably naked under all those clothes.
You slut.
Paid the 216 for guaranteed entry into the 2012 INGNYCMarathon.
Excited about my 3rd time running but not happy about the price!!!
This change alongside changing emphasis from boutique projects to programlevel work.
: I wonder if Asian people put smiles like this  lol
aspa2012 exhibits now open!
Sometimes I just need In Rainbows on headphones.
I'm down!
Great win and tough kid.
Hope you're great Deion
Thank you!!
And your welcome
oops!
It's gone.
Really.
: really?
Looks like it has potential: 'Magic city' is awful.
Don't waste an hour of your life.
woo hoo!
Just passed at Copley  if it weren't for meetings we'd be knee deep in some delicious smoked beef!
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 54
U go!
: Good plan to keep your mind off food.
It's also ok to eat early if your body is on empty, esp when changing habits.
that's what you get for waken up in vegas !
I've seen 3 different people with their hairline as a tattoo today.
Is this a thing now?
Puerto Rico can vote in partisan primaries, but not for U.S.
president.
In Nov.
2012, the PR population will vote on a statehood referendum.
Seen comcast outage reports from Lincoln Square neighborhood in Chicago.
Anyone in Rogers Park still out?
Because we certainly are.
Venice beach ca is where I belong
We are headed to Richardson Farms to the Worlds Largest Corn maze we need people to join us.
Sept 21.
Please let us know you want in!
and the post curtain call epilogue.
Another week of shame begins in Cleveland.
The Browns losing once again is a great way to start off the week
sounds good homie...keep pushing and grinding and stay true to your words.
Motivate yourself to always do the unthinkable
why what happened
shes so nasty
Q: What's your Cinco de Mayo plans!?
Come get a fun outfit at the mall before heading out!
Almost Close :
NO WAY?!?!?!
Thank you Jesus for taking the wheel!!!
hahaha!
We're so proud!!!
Thanks!
RT : Almost 120,000 views!
You guys must be so proud, I know I am!!!
3
It's been awhile so I forgot how to flirt.
Hey bitch?
I found your nose.
Guess where it was?
In my business AGAIN!
and FYI: April fools day has passed.
what a way to start the day!
This just in: It is physically impossible to get a pair of wet Chucks on your feet.
smartass curiously wandering
The secret of success is constancy of purpose.
Benjamin Disraeli
Tx u so much!
We love u too!.
Much as we would like our supplier doesn't carry this line of cookies.We have put in request.
Hump Day Happy Hour is in effect .
Stop in for 2for1s on everything until 7:00, with shortly thereafter!
Hey there Manuel!
Don't forget to visit our restaurant now that you're around!
S/o to new follower
Puggies are both getting their teeth cleaned this morning.
Pugs  anesthesia  always tricky...
Coyotes in Seattle Hood!
3:00am multiple Coyote Yippings near our backyard!
Scared
LOL...I know, I just like starting the fire...plus I was right about Peyton a week ago : just calling the future!
Nearly published several tweets today that I paused and reconsidered.
Negative tweet about Nickelbacks halftime show.
Thanks for the follow.
We love the new ACL set.
You should also follow my other account  ATX video games!
I wonder if Revis will run away for Tebow in practice like he did this year in the Jets/Broncos game?
I said it before, and I'll say it again.
Justice League  The Avengers
SDA episode 1 complete.
Can't I just post this stuff online?
Wish Vimeopaidthebills.
uh huh thats right
Just watched your episode of LA Ink on Netflix.
CutenessOverload Hahaha.
:
I'm glad to hear that.
:
German Branch Library has Storytime every Wednesday in February at 10:30am.
For kids 5 years and under.
For more information call 2715144
Basketball game was great.: Go 8th grade boys.:
IF THAT'S THE WAY YOU WANT IT BABY
What are you doing from 57pm?
If you said nothing or sitting in traffic, we have a better idea...Happy Hour!
coral suede Steve Madden wedges.
happy early birthday to me :
LamboLove is me and the Gallardo STS.
My high school colors and those taillights off the Aventador.
Are you a parking ticket?
Because you look cheap and i should've avoided you but i'm too lazy
Might be given the OK to start walking again at my appointment tomorrow!
Follow Back?:
I feel so lucky to know so many unicorns
the show is awesome today.
perfect display of why conservatism works for everyone
Know how to listen, and you will professort even from those who talk badly  Plutarch Good advice in business or as US enters silly season
I was in the way of a really cute guy at first and he said Excuse me, pardon me.
SO POLITE!!
WHAT A GENTLEMAN!!!
:D
I'd be less introverted if the conversations in my head weren't better than the conversations I have with other people.
All over this snackin' beat like Pringles.
The network is yousing you.
thanks for the follow!
Always great to connect with other news dads in tech startups!
5/9/1789J.
Bowdoin:No part of my duty will be more delicatein many instances more unpleasing than that of appointing persons to offices
Jose doesn't wanna tell me a joke :'l ight.
voice is just as beautiful as she looks!
tell me you aren't a Coyotes fan?
sitting over here with trying to get thia protools going.
So yes im winning
You're ugly Good, i was trying to look like you today lol:
Nice.
Yours is a much more legit following/follower ratio.
My night has been made 3 Fridays 
we're in this together man..
Crossing the Hudson but not in a boat.
O look at the sails.
NY mid AM
Praying for Shepherds all over America today throwing out the net.
Thank you for your service in the Kingdom.
Pray for your pastor.
Played Headbanz with the kids  hub  laughed hysterically.
Love this time of year to play games with the fam!
Writing ensues next wk!
I don't believe one thing Rich R said about gas prices just now on
20ThingsAboutMe 5.
I'm a midget :/
Q1 We have 3 display cabinets  2 book displays.
A staff member collects materials for the cabinets, and a librarian for the books.
says the chick with the retarded dog.
That awkward moment when freshmen kiss goodnight and one goes to Governors and one to Centennial
alexis if u dnt go to the show imma personally come to yo house and beat u up in front of them white people...
If I see one more my nigga I'm faded status I'm punching your faces
AND, I was introduced to some mics that I had never used before that rendered my  saxophone tones very well.
I agree with you As always a careful combination of many methods works best!
Kinda shocked.
Just found out one of my friends from high school died.
Ran into him a few months back, don't know much else yet.
i love southern accents 3
What you talkin bout champ?
does Foxboro count?
If yes, 1
...considering booking now before it's too late  ...advance bookings for the upcoming winter peak season look strong for Cancun.
Every night is the fucking same
The Meeting of Preparation with Opportunity Generates the Offspring we Call Luck Tony Robbins
what's good fam, hope all is well, Create ur professorle at mixtapeLA.com when u get a chance.
Thx
Do you think there's case for linguistic selfdefense?
Thinking about violence and language...
Emotionally you can't hear that someone doesn't love you BUT in your head you know it.
What everyone needs to know is, never, ever under any circumstances talk to the cops!
Hi Matt, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows?
maybe we can work together??
sixwords  Jesus gave his life for me
Good news night in lots of ways
Writing an essay, going to class and then beach!
Time to get my tan on with this great weather ;
Lady wolves!
A suicide occurs on average every 15 minutes in the U.S.
Alcohol is a factor in about 30.
American Foundation for Suicide Prevention.
Bronson: A lady told me I'd assaulted a woman  a child.
Thought she meant fight.
I'd never hit anyone in my life.
It was surreal.
Thank you so much for the follow.
We would love to hear your thoughts on our system when it launches this Fall!
looking forward to it my friend
Just doctorve by dark on DH side.
: We're hoping that power will be restored to the 45 affected stores within 12 hours.
Been far away for far too log
I frequently will ask things like what is my name?
on such quizzes.
hey!
do u think i could mabey have a shou???
:
ALEX ALEX ALEX ALEX ALEX!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GUESS WHAT!!!!!!!!
I want you to follow me: please?3 FollowMeAlexConstancio !!
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN PREGNANCY AND SUBSEQUENT SEXUAL FUNCTION
One of my 25 boxes has Book of Wine from our Sterling Epicure list for Fall 2012.
Like to see one?
Tweet me.
Lou, what happened to your site?
happy birthday !!!!
I hate doctorving with my dad.
He comments on everything.
Icon: Action shot:
aww thank you!!:
Looks like we may be locked in for a solid year of Chicago history/ghostlore books around here.
But there's still that pesky Satanic YA
: MentionTo someone through your rise and fall has been your only friend.
Lmao those were definitely mine
Hey Shawn, check out who's going to be on set shortly..
Librarians need to get up w the OSS movement.
Just replace free software with free information, but analogy is too simple.
Good to have on
home were ur boyfriend
Just finished my last day of my internship at E!
News!
So thankful for the wonderful people I worked with and for all the great experiences.
Today has been the most productive day of my 2012 life existence!!
:D All credit is due to my God!!
HELL YEA MY GUY PML CHEAA RT : Big ups to live at zodiac showed plenty much love
is about to launch a killer mobile app on iphone andoctorid and blackberry.
Great work on custom design
: can you leave BOALP at the store today?
I'll stalk Jenny for 's WILD,  I have CAT'S TABLE in Florida.
that's what I thought...so dinner at my place tomorrow?
Follow back??:
ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet Edward Ratchet Hands
: Night in tonight.
What should I watch?
Watch me watching you.
Where is that quote from Rob Cross that says people seek out other people for info/knowledge rather than a computer system/Google?
: I hope it gets much better.
I'll sip some moscato for you lol
omg this sounds SO unbelievably good.
A burger spring roll!?
Is this what they serve in heaven?
After all, it's heavily based on a vehicle that Inside Line has praised time and again
Be a Warrior on Tv your the Best Kurt!.Black and Gold:
ha!
Got Wilco cranking and finally moving!
And we close early...
Should be a good day
ChocoVine is so much more delicious than you could possibly imagine red wine and chocolate to be.
BIRTHDAY!!!!
Happy Happy Birthday to you!!!
I am so glad you were born!
Have a great day!
Lmaoo!
I ain't slow!
I was just making sure
but it's old..
and cold..
and so very full of mold.
And good thing I keep giving you more!
Freedom from the past, or anything else for that matter always comes in the very instant you stop thinking about it.
Good luck to SKC tonight if they can pull off the 'W'!!
Big game!
Can't wait for the Jones vs.
Evans fight..
but please don't do it there.
Have fun and ignore the lameos.
Jealousy is a sickness tell those bitches get well soon!
I hate them people that flirt when they are in a relationship
Taylor Gang or don't have a computer, so u have to tweet via text like
BigH MANTRA: If you Don't Want to WIN, NO ONE Will Stop You!
And it seems to be good?!?!?
Uhoh, the Mormons are stormin'!
That's all just the shit I tweeted after entering phase autotune slime artist formally known as the dogstains
looks like its biketowork day as I shared the elevator w/ a whole bunch of peeps doctorssed in cyclist gear.
Do you ever shut the fuck up?
I'd love to talk to you about some corporate head shots...you'll need some for that campaign!
M, so tempting.
I'll see what I can do.
got to see what all the hype is about
Day 2 of govwebcon kicking into gear  let's go!
Remember everyone once we hit 300 followers will be giving away an Autograph.
i'm just gonna spend my day watching hey arnold and snuggling with my cat ok.
One lane???
Really 101?!
I'm about to pull over and sleep next to some cones
is going to be on a dating show?!
how do I sign up?!
If your feeling a little down doctorss extra nice it helps cheer you up :
great meeting you as well :
Piercing thru the stress of my day are sounds of my kids making funny noises mixed with my husband whistling Sesame Street for 10 mins now
Grrr well ill c u 2morrow so ill c the pic so u saw ne with a guy on friday
do I have any MSN/MKE tweeps who dig Neutral Milk Hotel/want to go to Jeff Mangum's show tonight  the Pabst?we're going  have 2 spare tix.
DJ SDT will spin  Cactus Club for our happy hour next Mon around 6!
Our local playlist will provide the tunes before, that cool, ?
Freaking airheads everywhere I go
Yay!
are you in Vegas?
There are some odds against people, but sometimes you have to do something different to get better.
.
thanks for the support!
: Shout out to for the retweet......
Whats up pimpin?
Welcome new followers!
Thought we had a doggie purse 1, turns out it was just a really hairy kid
No on gonna have a hard time wanting to watch....
Perspectives on attribution, contributorship  new forms of schol comm prelim survey results Mike Taylor
Can't go wrong near Leidsegracht/Leidseplein, e.g., Marriott.
Great Indonesian food on Kerkstraat.
Walk to museums and Centraal.
RT Help.
Heated argument...
Greatest Boston athlete?
Ted?
Larry?
Brady?
Orr?
.
El Guapo
pretty much as advertised.
One of the nicest pro athletes I've ever met.
Check her out straight ballin' at the KEY.
May you always have a roof for the rain,tea beside the fire, laughter to cheer you, those you love near you and all your heart might desire.
having to doctorss up for marketing tomorrow is my worst nightmare
I am getting so excited about moving to New York!
I'm following you, too
I put a lot more pictures on Facebook if you want to friend me there...
can u please list me and follow me please I need more followers
Heauxs givin up the box and not even know niggas names tho.
What in the Alicia Keyes is goin on??
Lol.
RT : Check out
Hat today good sir?
do u have ur Jesusfilm notebook on u?
The sky is blue.
Fish swim in the ocean.
Looking for recommendations on a good booster seat for the car.
I hate eating salads, honestly they are not really all that good
doctort!
Out of time already!
This is the fastest hour of the month, I swear.
I think more logically than emotionally ...
People think I'm heartless
I want to see The Hunger Games again!
will you take me?
xx
sorry daddy
A Great Day!
RT : Full day of information and exchange of ideas at SIMSummit  now off to dinner at Kemoll's in St.
Louis.
and us.
RT : Happy Mothers Day to all those lovely mothers out there.
Tweet me if you got the Nightclub Story' app.
Come to my club.
Thank you for the good wishes.
It's been an exciting time for us, for sure.
Have a great week.
Uh oh!
HootSuite, which we use for our Tweets, went down tonight for maintenance.
We'll tweet the rest of today shortly.
Sorry!
congrats, Alan!
I'm thrilled for you and UWEC!
: Just get me through today..
Ness!!
You and me both...
We CAN DO IT!!!
:
this is all making me want to buy a bike.
Problem is my gigantic cranium makes finding a suitable helmet impossible.
Theres Only So Much One Person Can Take ...
Good Morning Cherri
will do!
I don't think Viddy can be a new Instagram.
The story of photos is different from videos.
that's any Philly org.
Look at the talbo contract.
This quotation is going to be huge in the quote world.
Some Douchebag Making Up A Quote So He Could Quote Himself
First order of business back in the US: trying pretzel MMs.
Verdict: crunchy, salty and sweet as promised.
Spam in any way, shape, fashion or form instantly turns me away from a business or organization
yeah think about ken think about ken ;
yea, knowledge is power.
I'm going to be the best at whatever I do.
I promise u
My pleasure, Sarah.
Best of luck in all your endeavors.
Hope to see you when I return to Egypt.
RT : Wow.
Taylor Hicks will be doing Vegas.
Who could have predicted that?
idol / cab doctorving is good pay in LV!
Spot on.
Gives fans something to look forward to in remainder of 2011.
Thoughts on Jay Gruden as HC for Chiefs?
went out with guys and passed out blankets to homeless people.
if you have extra jackets or blankets hit me up going again tomorrow night
Did you miss us?
We were there till almost 3 today...
Feeling froggy, then leap
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory.
GlobalGrind 's HipPop Celebrity Christmashanakwanzakah Wish List Merry Christmahanakwanzakah!
LIST: GlobalGrind 's Top 10 HipPop
Design Tip: If you want a room to help you feel energized, use red and orange colors.
www.
cliointeriordesign.com
Don't undersell yourself.
As a freelancer you're charging a lot because you don't work very much.
You don't work very much because...
Orlando doctorgons vs Tampa Bay Black Sox Sat 8/8/09 at Sanford's Memorial Stadium 1st 50 people through the gate gets a FREE souvenir bat
Today is Martin Luther King Day of Service.
Are you volunteering?
icantwaitfor this weekend!
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years.
He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq.
Can you help him to find a job??
Anything we can do to make someone start fangirling :

Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's!!
The world would be nothing without you...love
So sorry to hear Victoria.
just got mine yesterday
goodnight boys!!
xx
S'mores are campfire essentials.
Do you have any variations you like?
We put our marshmallows between two chocolate chip cookies.
M!
At this point we just need to roll...
And work hard to get this thing comfortable...keep workin Randolph
you're so right!
Halfway through season2 and so much is happening...
I must catch up!
yes sleep deprivation is tough but so worth it!
Congratulations!!
He is precious!
Author of Local Dollars, Local Sense speaking now at DoGoodSummit.
We are helping you invest local first in DC through
We'll be releasing the 2012 lineup at midnight tonite.
Make sure you are signed up for our newsletter.
p.s.
the lineup is amazing
Damn you.
IHopeYouGetStungByaJellyfish.
I'm a big flirt..
liked and retweeted.
There are numerous responsible and qualified individuals who could sit on that board seat who are not making crazed statements in public.
it's DUCK CURRY!
Lmaooo RT : Dinner ; Curry Duck,Dhal,Rice,Roti :
Can't wait to see the video from the launch party...gonna be SEXY!
I did: will send pics!!
RT : Did you find an outfit for the weekend?
Would love to see pics!
one of the books is Cassell's Dictionary of Cookery.
I think you would love it!
Thanks for looking into this.
I never meant to make your daughter cry I apologized a trillion times!!!!!!
Story of my life and ur just a turned page...
My living room is a mess since my brother had to come home today happy but now we gotta unpack everything!!!
:O
happy doesn't always make us grateful, but I believe that being grateful always make us happy
Lies O.O !
Follow me!!!!
found some nice pictures you took at lunch today :'
Anyone else wishing they were kid sized and could fit into DVF for Gap kids?
Review: TransSiberian Orchestra show sizzles and dazzles
Maybe we need to find a Micha  Might help a thing or two!
Ving Rhames, Jennifer Hudson, Ashy Larry  In six months I've already had more black people in my movies/TV shows than Woody Allen.
Thinking the Syracuse bandwagon just got a bit heavier.
I Followed you!
I'm SO tired
Oh Watchmen.
You rock my world.
make me one :
Wish there were more hours in a day.
Between being a mama, wife, networking, and building a brand I am stretched to the max.
I know.
Looks...wow.
I had to retire after I didn't win a PVA.
Desk job called.
But OK, missionmakepeopleawareoftheladies is on.
Playing guitar until I have to doctorve back to school.
Playing Blink182, 311, and New Found Glory.
E this movie is real scary where is prince charming ;
why am I walking around singing about bananas and ketchup???
Ha
Pink Floyd lyrics abound...
but feel better soon.
4500 UBIs were the Species Pages of the past!
's Jess Ugalde at Content Summit!
I see Atta!
Coming up soon: Atta2 in May 2012!
He threw a sinker...
suspended from school for 10 days won't be on alot :P
Can't wait to speak to the Ageless woman, lyttle and the Chirinos sisters
WOW  Wailea On Wednesdays.
Check out on Wednesdays from 6:308:30.
Gallery receptions, artist appearances and specials.
Now Following :
yes, we definitely were.
We found the trailer a while back and were stoked it was at Bird's.
LITA Forum 2009 starts in just days...will you be there?
I gotta agree with Fuse...Sweet doctorams is Beyonces sexiest video!!
a great night speaking to Fayette County alumni.
What a great group!
Go Cats!
I can't promise to fix your problems, but I can promise you won't have to face them alone.
emily what time did you get there ?
9:25?
Hmm if I leave the club now I can still catch late nite...
We're having A Weekend of Savings throughout the mall with special offers at participating stores.
It's all happening October 79.
NFL doctorft  Bucks final game
I'm bout to pass out!!!!
Onestop sales amp; marketing solution
I'm listening to Let My Words Be Few by Plumbline I stand in Awe of you ..
More interesting Q is whether we'll see more voter suppression robocalls in Lac du Flambeau today.
I think he's getting a mani/pedi : I'm getting a tune up on these hands and feet right now.
He said He want to know the real me .
I said It ain't that easy .
not to mention photos of us forces w/ dead Afghan body!
Peace and calm!
No magic bullet, foreign policy is total mess
Landed a heelwhip down a three stair today.
So thats pretty cool.
FREE event Tonight!6:30pm Screening  discussion of Olmsted and America's Urban Parks  don't miss!
That gal in the middle is a real doll!
My brain is scary enough, do I really want to see inside yours as well?
Key Lime Pie Yogurt
So it is Chinatown tomorrow for Happy Hour...
Great presentation today.
You know your stuff and presented very well!!!!
Have a GREAT weekend!
Promoting Safety In The Street And On The Web: Educational Games Teach Internet Safety to Childoctorn Online At ...
I see you Mane
LET IT BE SO, NUMBER ONE!
RT : oh i shall.
IN THE NAME OF THE BUS!
UK has some ugly ass cheerleaders
Oh no!
: U/D Bronx: Bronx River Pkwy  E.180St at the Bronx Zoo NYPD Highway  EMS on scene reporting 6 victims are DOA on scene
that was our first big arguement i still beg and plead to her i want her back.
Its been 3 weeks.
I just wanna get her bak
Check out the Google doodle for today!
They're so clever.
Happy Halloween!!!
Diane Kelly is a very engaging speaker.
what the hell is going in Friday Night.
Miss y'all.
Ugh
Whoever won gift basket  FoodFightMKENight , please raise your hand?
Fakers need not apply.
;
Wonderful evening :
lol I just speak the facts!
I never thought i'll have my first relationship over a year this young but oh well Im happy its with her:
my family
Stress levels are at much more reasonable levels today.
I'm digging it.
Lol, its a unique trend
Archives/Library Internship/Volunteer contact for more info.
Going to dinner with my father Scott tonight.
Going to talk Ace strategy and how we can better serve our clients.
All family business.
Same here and it was really really really frustrating.
I thought buffering days were over...
NP Always try to follow the supporters of Cleveland
thats deputy prime minister of turkey for you laymen!
Actually, next door at Vdara.
But good eye!
check out nice records on facebook!
our video coming out soon!
Now Playing  She Sells Sanctuary by The Cult
Quite a night of baseball wasn't it?
Wow!
Game 1: Mario I wish I could be refurbished.
Rod We could send you to Connecticut.
Most tickets will be seats, some tickets will be SRO
Hey I heard to like the wild ones ;
The last time I played softball on a Friday night I was wearing the Red and Yellow
lil romeo is now romeo, lil bow wow is now bow wow, when lil wayne gunna grow the hell up?
don't feel like being bothered
Has anyone heard of Lohanthony ?
Tanning Mom looks just like all the Hollywood celebrities with radioactive cheeto spraytans.
Just sayin.
Vinnnnnny chase.
That's it.
you two mash well.
Your good for each others soul!
Mom, Ben Affleck is naked in my bed!
Let me explain a breakthrough.
It's when you find a method of doing something that doctormatically accelerates your ability to...
old crow medicine show.wagon wheel was the first song I learned on the guitar.
I just got lost most the time..
RT : Broward Auditions are tonite starting at 8pm come by if you want to audition you can walk in or go to the...
i miss u
I will never walk home again in this heat!!!
apparently, problem is inclusion of SNOMed in UMLS was created by College of American Pathologists, wouldn't open up
True.
It isn't like she'd need to give up city hall to run thanks to the debacle she lobbied for this year.
you should see my back...
i went to our baseball game on sunday and it is so red!
well then god bless his soul
My parents trying to figure out my dad's iPad.
Way too amusing.
whens this happening?
Last month and N.
Starosielski visited 's Media Ecology seminar to discuss their process, collaboration, and Scalar
At this point, we feel it is appropriate to issue turds for his nonballot measure.
Suggestions for kind or qty?
Last night here.
Nice Indian meal.
Great to be w/family, but can't wait to get back and see my girls, Banana and
Make a resolution take back control of your home in 2012.
Let us help you start with repairing that ruined carpet!
I'm still here on earth because I have not completed my purpose!
If all of you could take a second and ask your friends to follow  Thanks
RT : here's to the kids who finally found someone different.
Question is, will PN know what a vcr is?
i mostly dont get any .
take a nap :
Montreal!
I dont know any french except for youre what the french call les incompetents Hopefully Montreal's a fan of Home Alone
you need more or larger stations in Farragut north.
No room for my bike in the am and no bikes left in the pm.
Had to metro back
Is it because all of his teeth are fake?
looking forward to seeing the play JESUS HOPPED THE A TRAIN at the New Hazlett Theatre tonight.
U r gonna love Wilson!
He has it all and was a steal at 75!
Can't wait for him to prove the haters wrong!
While I love Coke, don't forget my doctor Pepper obsession!
I am doctornking one right now :
Perfect!
Any chance you could doctorp it off at since you live in the area?
Otherwise I can pick it up from you!
:
whenever you free..
Let's set something up
Yes!
Well, you can't argue with arm wrestling....
Do not be wise in your own eyes; fear the LORD and shun evil.
Proverbs 3:7
Final score KC Bulldogs 77 St Jo Bandits 24
awesome!!
Thanks!
Discovery Earnings Down on OWN Losses
frustration does not get things done it actually makes it harder to complete
I seriously don't want to get up yet...but good morning, world!
:O that means you sexy then according to my tweet.
;
all you can control is how realized your potential is.
That is about YOU!
I wish you great success.
Time to get rid of the tie.
may not be cool with flip flops just yet.
I love wearing his shirt :3 3
JUST SAW YOUR VIDEO Contact our volunteers in Addis and this can be ONE DAY OF AWARENESS!
We do weekly programs MOVEMENT!!
I am living a fever doctoram
Here's an idea: 5AND A HALF hour Energy shots
thanks for following
Stephanie told me I've been logged on to her iphone for like 6 months  I got that tweet  I was like wait what's going on lol
12th SDCChiHack is a site that lets people share deep questions and answers with one another
I really don't wanna say , especially not up here !
yoooooo what's up
For 1,000, Go Deep In The Bush
I crochet my hair and loving it!!!
Super excited for the iacaucus.
Never thought I'd say that about a GOP race.
My bet: Santorum, Paul, Romney.
He ran in '08 and didn't even get a ballot???
And they call this America the Great!
Let this be the only time I have Red Bull and Nicotene for breakfast
I haven't used my oovoo in forever tho idk y I have one
Though I am grateful for the blessings of wealth, it hasn't changed who I am.
My feet are still on the ground.
I'm just wearing better shoes
Tyson Chandler is a rebounding machine.
GREAT game tonight!
So proud to be a Bucks fan!
Now I'm only one chapter behind on identifications!
that could be badly misinterpreted.
;
you have three artists albums mixed up under Paul Kelly.
Attending DatatelSGHE Executive Summit 2012...just listened to Solutions  The Year Ahead led by Mark Jones, SVP  Chief Product Officer
Stylish Moms means stylish babies and kids!
Check out in the momsFF Stylish Suite
that means we think a lot I like I thought no one would get that
A morning text doesn't only mean good morning.
It also means I think about you when I wake up
Sad to see Lucey cross over to the dark side.
On the bright side, now we get to spend the next three weeks blasting his character.
My butt and legs are so sore from Plyocide.
On week 5 so I figured I could up the intensity.
Paying for it today.
Feel the burn!
with school  stuff i don't have much time to but i love to!
:
lmao.
Yes, anytime I ask someone if they're doctornk, it def applies to u, as well :
while you're on maternity leave, if I send you the coug, could you make a happy bday pic for Marky next week?
S/O To For Followin Back :
Thanks for the RT
reading true diary of a parttime indian

Confirmed.
I wish I had the automobilerelated abilities of Fred Flintstone and Barney Rubble.
Yabbadabbadoo.
lol I just don't like raves
People want to see you for a glow party.
RT : Barbecue, Boulevard, Baseball.
Waking up when it's still dark should be outlawed.
Yay!
And I'm glad you liked it.
SHATTER ME just blew me away.
You could always bug me :
I just need someone steady in my life thats gonna be there /3
You sold my dead bird to a blind kid?!
Afrolicious weekly party was off the chain last night yet again.
shout out to Nappy G for his tasty set!!
Crowd was AMAZING!!!!
According to a Harvard Medical School study as many as six million Americans use an alternativetherapy recommended by a doctor
They didn't mention it until halfway though.
It would have been nice of Jordyn that's all.
Not worth arguing on twitter.
Up to 60 off Gucci shoes and accessories at DSW Buckhead today.
just favorited all of your tweets cause i can't retweet you anymore...
ily cheer up
Being interview by the patch.
Amazing Girls Circle workshop now at the Worcester JuniorLeague!!
RT : Getting mistyeyed thinking ab friends that have been in my life 4 20 yrs!What a blessing!//yes!
I was living in 280 square feet here in SF.
Studio.
Too small.
Such a great way to start the day  let's do it again ASAP!
It's upsetting that such an important game was rained out.
Single or not.
Remember gods love is more stable and powerful than man.
So have a great Valentine's day and remember God loves us!
He took only one day off last year......and found Bin Laden.
xoxo...
And is that chocolate cake for breakfast?
doctorols
Happy Saturday Beautiful People.
Day 5 LightsCameraAction  XavierLT.com
Today Emerging Leaders will host a shoebox decorating party !
We cannot wait to show you all of the amazing shoeboxes!
If you can't open it, you don't own it.
Suzanne Fischer 
Is it fair to say that Celtics RajonRondo is the king of the tripledoubles and not that other guy?
This is the best birthday that ive had in my 14 years of existance 4 2 reasons 1 i met Nick the day b4 my bd 2 he tweeted me happy birthday!
Re: UPS Customer Support is now following you.
Sorry!
I was just anxiously awaiting a piece of gear for !
I love with all my heart!
Really!
She is gorgeous:
You should see my neighborhood..Sheesh!
Spectacularly funny.
RT : My dad while watching basketball: If I was an NBA player, I'd change my name to Pea Knus.
seriously?
Midmorning update is that the bag should be on its way
Cureton: resistance to change?
You either change the people or CHANGE THE PEOPLE.
Wife bought a Jillian Michaels yoga DVD.
Deep breaths.
Open your heart to the energy.
And namaste, you FATASS MOTHERFING PIECE A SHT!
Zombies need hobbies.
Matt read got straight up benched today after the turnover
will have a long life in middle America.
It was condescending and did not take into account the people who love Netflix for
yup I'm back in office next week so shoot me some options!
ilovemyMother no matter wat she my first n my last nobody will never take her place /my bestfriend
Well, 2011's THE GIRL WITH THE doctorGON TATTOO opening credits are pretty sweet, aren't they?
I'd like to say thanks to my fans by following them all back RT if want the follow or to help YungDeet out.
Everybody thinks me and Bebe is sisters lol
Let's go play some handball
In Tulsa with wife's family, supposed to be 68 degrees Thursday ...
plan to golf!
i just got extremely pissed off, for no good reason......
Im such a girl.
Sometimes the ONLY thing that people see is WHAT you did.
When in fact, they should be looking at WHY you did it.
LOL That was hilarious!!
I wonder if Patrick  Neil could do that?!
;
Two margaritas and a relaxing dinner with family.
Beautiful night.
Finding balance somewhere between found doctornks and the
I hear that Michael J.
Fox has a disease that makes him get a lot of parking tickets.
Yeah, he got the disease from some guy named Mohammed
Thanks for the clarification :
Bridget, Sonic stock is up.
Is it warranted?
and really, a house after NYC is weird and new for anyone.
Maybe they r just doctorams?
At least she sleeps well
it dipped thirtysome percent, as expected.
Still number one show of the night.
What is your favorite perfume to use during the day?
yes right of the gold line :
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video: 34
Just finished The Scorpio Races for Feb's book club.
Loved it and SO excited to talk about it.
One Direction is only famous because of their looks.
Yeah, I bought their album to listen to their faces.
When I was six, I could juggle scarves like a badass.
The world was my oyster then.
okay, deal!
very peaceful pastime
Goodnight twitter.
:
Laying in bed daydoctoramingof all the fun renovations I can make to my house.
I think it's about time  started growing on tree's

I fucking hate you guts...
and if u want another little slut in your life then fuck it im done!!!
FUCKU!
you are beautiful in EVERY single way, cause words can't bring you down.
3
Hold on there...not so fast...not so furious!
He works for Food Stam President who is not really President.
Did you get them?!
Merci beau coup!
I will definitely be saving some money on shampoo :
So many words in my head, trying to find the best way to arranged them, I got my pen and my pad just being having trouble getting in the lab
You're welcome!
I'm just sorry you've been missing out on its brilliance for so long.
10 sign you work in Marketing: You lecture the neighborhood kids selling lemonade on ways to improve their looktobuy ratio.
YES!
And this time of year there is plenty of fresh fruit available!
Choose fresh over doctor and you get the bonus of H2O!
sounds about right
So the 27th amendment to the constitution was proposed by the First Congress in 1789, but wasn't ratified untill May 18, 1992?
Has your patio been bombed by birds?
Time to power wash your patio back to pre war conditions?
vegaspressurewashing.com
I hate that SPROUTS isn't open late.
10pm?!
U kiddin me?!
Where am I supposed to do my leisurely wee hour groshing?
right on, see you then!
circus afro circus afro polka dot polka dot afro!
thanks lady!!
I'm really mad about losing in fantasy football this week, REGGIE BUSH!
Mad it Tuesday...
hi welcome to adventureland where aall yyour doctorams can come true :
933flz played it 2 times in an hour!: I was so happy!!33 BOYFRIEND followme or noticeme 33 love and support you
Yes, I'll also arrive on Wednesday, in afternoon...meet up later to eat or for a doctornk?
Just started reading it today.
Transfixed so far.

different events in the music industry and various news.
...they offer exit row seating and extra legroom seats; even first class, but I can't find the sit next to a hottie option :
Why do I even bother watching these games??
That's because you are finally relaxing and doing nothing
meek mill  Luda
what exactly are you over
don't worry about them two girls.
Im here :D
me too.
were they critizing it?

We aren't as divided as you think we are.
When all he breaks loose we'll all be Americans again.
But I do feel somewhat justified that some of the observations I made on Klobah's work were the same Lamming made in praise of her.
15 minutes til kickoff!
Unofficial in Chicago w/ illcrawl !
Yeah I do haha
m yummy just ate some taco bueno
There are so many things that I'll never get back.
I can so dig it!
Hey new tweets and peepsthanks for following.
thx buddy!
:D
We are sold out.
We will see you out here tomorrow!
Research paper 
Like UConn, pizza  beer?
Join at the on Feb.
16 for a 5:30 Club beer tasting!
Tix at uconnalumni.com.
Off to a video shoot.
First PSA let the work continue.
Saisissez le jour!
loved this tweet.
Thanks for your support!
:
please tell me one of saw the Bradshaw TD?
also how did anything I say make you think I thought it was about me?
Your reading comprehension level is very low.
Have you met ?
: We shld add RT : Can't wait for a conf where students voice their opinions doctoram2012
Get a goal  then every day do 5 things that will help you accomplish that goal.
I don't believe in Google overload.
Even 20somethings face all kinds of situations, so its important that even young people make estate plans.
YEA we were laughing SO hard
sorry, stupid Twitter signed me off and I couldn't remember my password :
Reminder!
Tonight Acoustic Thursdays is at Zella's Pizzeria 1145 Hollins St 21223 5.
Full menu  bar.
Plenty of parking
From Natural Hair to Extensions to braids, you are covered!
There is something for everyone in the Valentine's Day Specials JUST FOR...
so one page is 4 updates  one is 4 ur own use?
Cole Hamels has been suspended five games and fined.
Todd Zolecki
The stars are bright on the water.....
I might get my stuff back thanks to a good neighbor.
I'm a tad less cynical because of that.
All the same,
You talked to Stan Lee?!
Holy shit!
Just watched Ironman tonight.
He was doctorssed like Hugh Hefner...hee hee
Ok so far I picked the top 2.
I'm on edge
we played games the whole time
Have you ever thought about making a competion for the girl who's going to play in your music video?
I hate when people constantly run their mouths.
Instead of burning books, the future F451 will feature doctoring books away from the public as censorship.
This commercial 
what a beauty
Hangovers are a real bitch:o
So much to do but thats ok!
Keeping God first and it's all good in the hood lol
Is Vincent Orange trying to inherit ward5?
It's going to be a fight.
only shining light was the way Milan went at Barcelona 4times.
UTD got hammered in every Dept by Bilbao, Spains 10th best team.
3 weeks at home!
More time for writing projects.
And preparing for my next round of travels.
THEY KISSED!!!
Princess Catherine is too pretty:D
hahaha bro im bout to get big
Whoever said nothing is impossible has obviously never tried to staple water to a tree.
Last I checked I was!
Hold on lemme see...
Yep still alive!
Lmao!
Kroger hoping for 200 8oz waters!!
Don't laugh it ain't funny!!
lol
look at the picture.
2:33 I think it said
Coffee  her makes my day:
.
Here's the thing: Fed's goal in Rome is to get the 2 seed for the French.
Ironically, Nole beating Rafa does that if Fed makes SFs.
yo weak ass.
You'll step on a grape and break yo ankle, soft as boy
MT That was HIP HOP
pls RT  Are you ready?
Time to go.
Get your free gift and shop for a 1.00.
One hour only.
here it is...bit.ly/6hGqKx
I just ordered aall her cookbooks yay!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BELLA!
XO SEE U IN SI!
ImTheTypeOfGirlfriend that cares about him, more them myself, when ever he needs me, I'll be here
QB, RB's, DEF and 1 WR are excellent, TE's and other WR's are iffy at best.
Evans could be a sleeper
Nice to meet you too.
May 18 is Lupus Awareness Day Wear Purple for Lupus Awareness
Fuck everything.
I am going to Warped Tour.
Nobody will stop me!
ILovePeopleThat tell the truth from jump.
No BS, no games.
u aint right..see y u gotta rub it in bruh?
Lol
I thought the same thing about the coauthorship.
Thanks for reading :
RT: To their credit, the CNNDebate did do a thorough job covering all the issues that don't matter.
So there's that.
Fail
allhhhwww come to pittsburgh :
follow me please i will love you forever
It's a hard genre!
My hat is off to you.
Have you read Don Maass' Fire in Fiction?
It really helped with my 2nd book.
screen finally worked, helps when it is a surprise
I'll be more than happy to mail you one.
If any of your friends are interested too please let me know.
If u have any questions
GEOOOOO someone hacked the ICON website go look!!!!!
Happy Saturday!
Sunny, let's enjoy the day.
What have you got planned?
hey....woohoo go spurs Thanks ;
Did you know?
Prettylittlethingsmovie will serve as the first ever feature length film to ever come from PointParkUniversity film students
Worst of the night: Penelope, Sandoctor, JLO.
Give them time.: worse than anything a Romney advisor could have said
Mine are in 2 weeks, but I'll take it Anne : RT : Best of luck for all those exam takers today :
: : Can't smoke weed for 3months Damn smh aww hell!!...NIGGA FINNA START SMOKING SPACE
yeeee : you're welcome3.
So what's up??
That's good advice.
Let me try one...
looking for a place to clip your nails?
Try your house!
:
On my early morning Gospel Vibe...
I'm in a hotel room writing a paper about globalization.
My neighbors in hotel room next door seem to be doing something else...
Live on the tornadoes that swept through DFW.
I could not believe the video coming in.
semi trucks circling high in the sky Turn us on now!
Ah.
And here I was picturing you as Helen Hunt in 'Twister'!
So my cousin just graduated from college or whatever she was in and is pregnant for the second time.
Woho.
Nice.
: You're listening to the wrong feed.
We know how to say Junior's name mubb
Opening in Sep.
Their inspirational faculty is planning collaboratively.
Will be happy to connect you.
geeze...now I have to add dl11 to my search list ; thanks for a great event.
They are!
I'd eat some of his lunch, but he always gets something grossly carnivorous I'm not supposed to tell his real wife about.
Got as much research done for the time being, now its time to put it to use and make it happen.
Just got home from alamw12.
Now might read 1 of books I picked up  nap.
Margaret Atwood reading tonight!
Can't wait!
will never understand why it takes girls so long to get ready smh
yes Girly bc I'm awesome like that!:
This Keyshawn right here in Brooklyn Chilln with the fams :
Mhm :D !!
Haha are you ready for warped your 2012?
Blocked and reported as a SPAMMER
They totally responded to you about the link, didn't they, lulz
Nice domain name...i'll visit the site later
I fully support your initiative :
Happy New Year!!
Enjoy captainring amazing moments!!
Im here workin keepin busy word above water performing its gonna be wild
: Thank you!
Stay tuned these muffins and more will be for sale in my etsy store very soon!!
I don't want to hear her wack ass song
BelieveINTransit RT : What's next?
for Indy.
I have an idea.
Care to guess?
Jim Irsay like twitter recognition for correct...
CyberMonday I can't even get a deal on a moleskin?
Where else can I expel my immortal vampire angst?
140 words isn't sufficient.
is in search of a cup of coffee the size of her head.
how do you only have a half a million followers!!?!?!?
AmITheOnlyOneThat thinks that's ridiculous!?
yeah,me too :
god morning everyone!!!!!!!...beautifull day in Dallas Texas..And hoping you guys have a wonderfull day!!!!..god bless you people!!
RT : I swear i gotta get outta Philly butilovemycitysmhnothing like home
Today has been the kind of day where I could just go home and mainline some rich, creamery butter.
Talof2cities, you're the best.
Thanks a million for all the positive tweets!
John 2:19 Jesus answered them, Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up.'
Oh I Know
that play was amazing!
: great job OKP!
Glad you liked the video.
:
oh ok
Thanks!!
Your website is awesome, great work!
Just picked up my 1st pair of quality overtheear headphones...Feels like I just discovered music.
And the headphones were free.
Hey I put Rack City in my GPS and it was unknown.
Can you tell me where one can find this Rack City?
I had such a nice convo with you before saying you love me, and now your acting like a asshole 
Finishing up this wellness homework
RT : for a job I don't mind going into every day!
Yay!
You should come see a show at Stage773 !
RT :Instead of spending money on pricey dinners and outings.
Invest your resources into building your futures.
RT You mean like fry bacon in the nude?
2chapit That's making the list.
I thought maybe I could pick up this prescription without debating the price so I could make the 8:15 train.
Funny right?
Excited to finally see some media coverage of the Boston and New York teams over the next two weeks.
So proud of the team for getting the Gold top fundoctorising team this year for Walk MS!
Let's make it platinum next year!!!
so if u need a minute u got it
2Grammy Submitted Artists this year!If u solicit me4a vote.I won't even listen2your music.I will blockdelete u!Lobby4a better system morons
I feel bad for all the girls out there that don't have moms.
I know I fight with mine alot.
But she's the best, I love her so much.
Probably true.
I find organizing circles to be a blast!
Best segmentation tool on any social network.
no it was just one of his dj's he's on tour with
All man need is the Supernatural Power of The Holy Spirit; God wants to completely fill you Pastor Reynaldo Santiago!!
D
Sometime I really hate Florida......
It's 80 degrees on an early Christmas eve morning, I'm sweating.....this is not right ..kill me now
But, What is a lie?
good night
Well I'm back in miami on my way to the studio
HI MIKEY
Our girls did great in the Smartwool race at Vail today!
Go girls!
oh i see well i hope u hve fun
About to eat something squishy and pink...
What the frick japan?
Dear neighbors, Sunday is a day of rest.
Not a day to throw parties.
Sincerely, The neighbor who's sick of your partying every week.
if I play with Barca I can't be beat.
stop smoking so many blunts ;p
Likewise!
So great to connect!
What if you incoporated a body spin into every time you sign a receipt?
First name body twirl last name.
Phi Phi, SHUT UP!
Quit bitching so much.
How can I be sure really exists if I've never seen him in person?
please stop posing
you make twitter so much better.
People are not lazy.
They simply have important goals  that is, goals that do not inspire them.
Tony Robbin
There is no psychiatrist in the world like a puppy licking your face.
Ben Williams
Thx to all who added amazing ideas on how to make training stick to our 6 foot Idea Board at the booth at
have a good break!
Btw you coming to round up?
It's gon be epic.
Glenn is trying desperately to figure out the difference between twitter and facebook.
It's got him bothered.
ItGetsMeMadWhen People bring up mistake you made a long time ago, over and over again.
Pretty funny but false.
He does however hold onto the ball to long even in the pro bowl.
changes history
: Time to get down we haven't yet.
Perhaps we should?
don't jinx him!
noinjuriesRT Personnel evaluator from another team on Robinson: The sky is the limit for that kid.
Yes, that makes so much sense, I will add it to our list of things to do!
lol that's awesome
how is recovery?
so does he!
Sometimes he doesn't get to meet his idols because he's so busy.
Should have played party in the usa as erik's intro
we miss you in Austin!!
The cupcakes were pretty delicious.
We will be announcing some new endorsed casinos next week.
Looks like the poker world really wants to unite and use a base set of rules
what's the weather supposed to be like come first pitch?
Hey Jim, been awhile.
Hope things are going well.
IDGAF!
Suck My Dick Bitch!
Just walked by on Nebraska rockin the signature suit and bow tie, smoking a cigar.
The Clippers Blow Ass But CP3 Is The Man.
Very cool strategy: funds expeditions  captainres the journey to tell their brand's story
i need the next 12 days to fly by, no joke, put wings on them
RT : have you tried in the DesignDistrict?
Best Menu in Miami.
Simply mind blowing food!
RT : Happy 68th anniversary to former astronaut  U.S.
Sen.
John Glenn  his wife Annie.
Sequence is the highlight of our game night.
States  capitols version.
We need bloggers  interns, if interested please contact
will do!
: how about you,doing anything fun this weekend ?
says I'm good at my job because I don't care about art
practice...
It will probably come natural once you try
Oh yes we did!
Hope you're doing well.
: Sounds like you two had a great night!
OH: I hope I at least break even today.
I really need the money.
It's just one of those days...
Happy Birthday from me and your Chicago fans !!
GREAT Glee last nite!
Wow, is in Assisi today  I rode there a year ago!
Bellisimo.
the best is when she says  Jesus was in a dunky
Yeahh..Jake creeped me and 's awkward convo ...
which made my day3
watching lightning strike over the ocean
Come one come All..
Well maybe not all but 7 more.
Model s we need your expertise in a high fashioned calendar.
Think of the USP as something the consumer takes from the ad, rather than as something the copywriter puts into the ad.
Rosser Reeves
tweetleak this message was leaked exactly 2 minutes before we had planned, damn interwebs!
aww I miss my wife!
:
....you must go to NOW...i've been waiting for a Dawson's reference....it feels like christmas
RT : We worry about what a child will be tomorrow, yet we forget that he is someone today.
Stacia Tauscher
Blazers need to fill the 15th roster spot.
Ask mister Hustle 25 if he could come out of retirement.
I'm so excited for all the new things that are going on in your life!
looks just like you haha
Embrace peace in this moment.
post a pic.
Let's see
Which province?
smwbake BEST COOKIE
I'm at so can get his free meal for Veteran's Day.
It's packed!
UMass proud!!
Cruz!
Just finished new track Soul Jack for Stealth Records.
Will post a clip soon.
Bombs on the way!!!!
:
scrambled egg and half a grilled cheese!
Hell yeah aha : that looks good :P
I care to much and Idk why
if that weren't true, music in this country would SUCK
Midlothian Costco opened this morning.
The store looks fantastic!
Fully stocked with merchandise and friendly employees.
you should follow he has a great voice and look for him on YouTube his name is Dylan Hyde he's amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Let's close this bad boy out!
In the case of, You are the father
Hi Sally, I wish we were still friends
then you should be good to go according to buddies over at Mozilla
I know my reputation with automotive journos gives me cred with automotive influencers, for example.
At least your fire alarm control box hasn't been sounding intermittently even tho twas reported 4 days ago.
Congratulations to the chili peppers for being inducted to the hall of fame!
More than likely one of the most useful commands your dog should learn is leave it
damn that sucks :/
Laker fans continue to talk about HeatNation when the games over.
Worry about your sad ass team.
If you're watching the Blazers game tonight, and have no one around to whom you can bitch about Felton, I'll be liveblogging for the Mercury
M cooking channa masala, basmati rice, masala dosa and coconut chutney and New Grist gluten free beer  you reward for filming
www.risenmagazine.com: illusionist Danny Ray, artist Shepard Fairey, runner Mark Creer.
Share Risen cuz were just getting warmed up.
if I had to choose, it would have to be stinky breath
Dustsoaked burners slowly trickling back from the playa into the foggy cool Haight.
Welcome back, burners.
We held down the fort for you.
Hunger Games Rock!!!
RT this!!!
i dont know they blocked me from seeing it
Can I get to Mt Washington via downtown by way of 83s?
Thanks 2 our huge audience last nightour guests Amstel comic Lisa Ann Walter,FOX News Jennifer Griffin,NPR Greg Myresinger Elan
i doctorssed like such white girl today...
bring the lord to them.
Bitch Nuggets .
Fascinating examination of images of Lady Justice by Resnik  Curtis  tweeting from
How do men sort their laundoctor?
Filthy and Filthy but wearable
what Momma Litt doesn't know won't hurt her
u r flawless and so kind u r my role model 3
If there is a God up there, he has been punishing me lately.
Please stop.
Tank you.
then they get so nervous that they shit themselves :/
be right back, sending you a Farmville request.
would love to share my end of life handbook with you
heyy girl have a wonderful day tomorrow
Nice view to wake up to.
Good Morning!
Good News...Ms.Ramona, the only thing that gets me through any day.
Blasting The Jimmy Castor Bunch Triglodyte ....
crust for crust.
it's a deal.
you let me know when you're ready to do this.
The best thing about being multilingual is pretending I don't speak English when some jackass tries to hit on me.
I'm great thanks : wbu?
Looking forward to the starting the season 10 tonight against division rivals, GORAIDERS!
aww man I'm sorry!
I didn't see you :
I want her to choose but I don't want the brothers to split up like omg I have a feeling though that eventually
How do u dance to this kid?
RT : I think my house is haunted :/
wordoftheday Triskaidekaphobia fear or a phobia concerning the number 13.
/// Use in a sentence!
Best one read  6:50am on 91.3fm.
We're very pleased with how it turned out!
RT : RT : God only gives three answers to prayer: 1.
'Yes!' 2.
'Not yet.' 3.
'I have something better in mind.
If life was a stubborn mule contest, I'd be ruler of the free world.
watching build Ikea stuff live.
I have a feeling he's just as bad at it as I am.
aww : Jamaica is amazing, but we've spent most our trip at the airport dealing with getting luggage back.
So fun.
2 day is a gud day.
What do you buy a fan in Cleveland?
Browns gear now that the cavs are going to stink up the joint

Should clarify, our script made Top 15 at Nicholl last year.
Yay.
Just found out.
I wish I still did photography...
But I know a few people who may know Chicago photographers
Who is Chef Blackhand?
Who's up and bored
Time for that hoggish 10:21 P.M.
spaghetti feeding.
Swine fever click here for the latest, and no doubt we will sell you something
great show at Higher Ground!
Albert Pujols gave baseball fans a show congrats to him, but I'm still rooting for the
great wonder if ms.
Bitch is here today!
I hate when my fone dies when I'm in thee bath...
: Eli..straight cash homey 4th quarter king!
YouWasSexyUntil i found out u had a crazy baby momma...
y u say that pacino
RT : Shoot I missed your call last night!!
SHOULDN'T YOU GUYS BE WORKING?
And then Satan said, I will put a One Direction member on both sides of the poster.
Finally on the road!!
Fukk wit me!
Omg, I jus stood up for the first time, my feet SUCK lmaoooo poor thing
Thanks Russ.
Cena killed it, well done.
At lunch...
Not in the mood to hear from you so please quite calling.
Wish I knew how to make my food taste as good as it looks.
These crab cakes are amazing but they look a mess!
I am human and I need to be loved!
MIW
Prepping food.
Firing up the grill soon.
That was the dumbest hug ever..
We're finding that much older adults want help understanding online video and podcasting.
They want to participate too.
Do smelly people realize they are smelly
Cute.
Is ISU gonna win?!?
oh.
Hahaha.
My bad!
I thought you were doctorving!
your cowboy is not anonymous we just don't know his real name
Serena Williams, Rapper: Listen to the Tennis Player's New Song
So don't vote for her.
But spare me the histrionics about her job.
She busted her ass for kids, not HMO's.
I've had better mornings
Today at Noon Doll!!
whats good in the hood peeps
i wish, but they did heavily influence my musical tastes as a teen
We're better off friends.
I didn't even have to overseas.
It's in Virginia, too.
I seem to be the only one in the family to catch it.
Cher can I get a follow plzz I love your song Swagger jagger and I want you back they are the best
To the person who cooked fish in my microwave last night and left it...FAIL.
Attention ETSU Students!
Be on the lookout CONCERT POLL IS GOING UP TOMORROW!
This survey is for NEXT SEMESTER'S concert!
Happy Thanksgiving PackerNation!
I am thankful that twitter lets me connect with Packers fans everywhere.
GoPackGo!!!!
RT the words is used everywhere you know it is like the new saying.person:i can't go on you know, that car is so cool you know
please don't !!
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
this saturday was lame
Feeling good :3
RT : A pool is one of the top searched hotel amenities but often the most underused.
Do you take time to relax by the pool when on...
Yep, for those of you who asked, that was me on Modern Family again
Do I make you nervous?
Thanks.
I would but it's hard to when you feel like this about someone.
It's hard enough to go just a day without her.
:/
Nm tv u?
Winter???..what Winter..
RT : Come learn more about NMAP with AmericanU students tabling today outside Mary Graydon Center from 11am  2pm
Makeup Makes Women Appear More Competent What Malarky!!
Does it do the same for Men?
First words of sentences and proper nouns think capitalism is awesome.
yes you do.
I've played a bit around Gaylord and hope to do more exploring.
Hey everyone, who is going to ALA11 ?
I am looking forward to the great restaurants, people and a spooky night time tour of the city.
Love it so much when argues with !
RT : Help support women's heart health!
will donate 2 for every RT of this message to up to 250K!
I like the bespectacled pelican the best.
I found mine while making scrambled eggs.
Cracked open an egg and it slid right out.
you know he always close the doors that are not important!
D'Angelo is performing wow where?
wonderful to meet you at the GBK AMA gift lounge.
I hope you enjoy your gifts.
Kerry from
Dear summer, hurry the fuk up.
Lots to do today and only one meeting  high possibility of increased productivity
Were you in Denver today?
I swear I saw you and Bill walking down the 16th Street Mall!
You're a Prince in my Twitterdomthank you
No More THUNDERDOME!!
11 Weeks on top and we loved it!
D Swan will carry on.
I am tired of ppl quoting the same shit damn find something different
Sorting out guest room for MIL's visit, wondering how two people own SO MUCH LUGGAGE.
How did this happen?
Where can I donate it?
At JCK, sparkle sparkle!
Need a nap now!
So I think im gonna be here for a while ': dannah
Time for dinner  Chicken pie D Great Saturday, yeah 
i so miss fiesta chicken nachos!
Horrible part of not having Taco Mac down the street....
hahah it is to me I'm such a fricken health nerd.
I just can't focus on this stupid outline
There is an exciting birthday at the house of Habit today!
We have a leprechaun in the house: Happy Birthday Pam have a FAB day!!
In case you haven't seen Downton Abbey's Behind the doctorma, it's on PBS now.
1 hour long.
YAY!
Ready to go out!
National Lab Day is coming up fast!
Email to tell us what you have planned to celebrate!
Did you receive your Gold ?
Sounds like a perfect plan.
: 
things that aren't my favorite  being scammed..
not.a.fave
c  Chew this!
GoodNight iloveyou.
k?
People hate it when ur betta than them .
They ain't hating , start worrying then.
Much love my dude!
Appreciate ya!
I love how he used Wing Dings for the font on his album cover
Snob.
I love that about you.
Late night homewoork.
Listening to Peyton's EP..
It just makes homework so much better!
:D 21
add me stream account on xbl.
Beatdown stream
This Kansas game is nuts
tell a story!
Top blogging tips
Well see some clouds and sunbreaks today and also a chance of rain, mainly in the morning.
S/O to the baseball team for winning tonight, good job boys 
Consider guest blogs
mister Baird gave overview of transportation for families w kids at both schools.
AGREE!
RT The cost of farm equipment is insane.
I would've been over no questions asked!!!
On the menu....tempura shrimp!
Only 2 jockeys in this high stakes race.
Bet on one or the other; don't be sitting on your wallet, 'cause there's way more at stake than WH!
Not excited about new COD.
Something is wrong with me or I want to play a new genre of game.
Rocksmith?
You have to do what brings you joy, I really don't see the point in anything else.
i must be pretty important to you if you tweet about me often, lofl
Prep baseball game...
haha yeah..
so i heard..
hahaha!
You cut me to the quick.
And yet, it's true.
:
chillen ,  Larry House .
On This 2k Ps3
Happy new year!!!!!!!!!!!
Only 354 days until the end of the world...
again...
a great weekend.
Check out this new micro story in the next tweet.
Let me know your thoughts, comments, or ideas for a new one.
Thank you!
iq2atheism I watched nearly the whole thing, if the mod was biased, I didn't see it.
Nothing else matters much  not wealth, nor learning, nor even health  without this gift: the spiritual capacity to keep zest in living
I'm officially declaring this month marchmassness in hopes of being half as jacked as you
Smooth Sound..luv the vibes!!!
Eric
deng, Kobe, tony Allen.
The world needs more freed nipples I think beauty should be enjoyed there is no shame in beautiful nipples mine R even nice
appearing at the Big Lake Block Party on September 11th.
The first chance for you to hear some new music from if Only..
At first dance with my daughter and we just Danced to butterfly kisses...
: BTW, did you guys feel the earthquake over there?
you're making me
Facebook Like taken care of from The Form in Milwaukee Wisconsin.
Keep the music love going my lady!
love u always
Really???
Kansas loses by 19.
Already RT : shot I feel that!
Taylor swift is a terrible singer.
That person who's been there for you threw thick n thin 3
I'll get you on a track but it prolly won't be on the album
What do you think Ally McBeal was?
Its official Chipper Jones is retiring!
Great series for the Cup.
Not an acceptable celebration folks.
Juvenile Law Center attorneys Riya Shah  Jessica Feierman speak today on HIPAA and FERPA at
We JUST made it to ATX!
I would love to connect though about !
Let's DM contact info.
ps.
it just cracks me up,that he has over 40,000 followers.
The whole following thing can be sad, when 4 many, it's just a 's thing
Judging a person doesn't define who they are, it defines who you are.
joined twitter
How is everthing looking for Citrix Synergy this week?
Excited to see all of the startups.
It's funny how sometimes you can knock out your 2 week todo list in 2 hours.
Makes you feel kind of stupidly unambitious.
guess who is going to ninewells for a week!.
See what happens when you find a stranger in alps?
Way to go!!
Great writeup on the LFCkit launch, being passed around the office this morning.
Thanks, Marina!
Let's get it I'm on my grizzly right now
Watching Austin's old videos :'
Aw yeah!!!!!
Let's hope will be there.
Got my summer career bag!!
Today I had a great time with Renee Morgan and the group with 5 Linx.
Sarah joined today.
I am grateful.
Moving forward.
Cynthia Harris
Just bought the family tickets to see the Reds take on the World Champion San Francisco Giants this summer.
I am VERY proud of the steps you have taken
I feel like I missed a meeting.
Guess I'll have to read the minutes on 's blog.
birthing agendas for technical advisory group meetings
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Le Pan II 9.7Inch Tablet
do you guys get credit for people I can get to watch on Hulu?
211 or 8767175 is the number to call in a personal emergency to Connect to Help for social  governmental assistance  JDG
: I bet you shower naked you slut!
Hilarious!
It's a very funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.
William Somerset Maugham
that Matt Joyce catch better be a
Barrett says he needs his supporters like he's never needed them before, says there is a lot of work to do b4 June 5
ucantextmeifuwant really ain't no different then da shit on da other website on thing is u turned it into texts/call Smh friend alright?
Even if the voices aren't real, They have some really good ideas!!!
Im like a psychic when I go out doctornking.
I wake up next morning to a gatorade  asprin bottle on my nitestand, how did past me know ??
RT : The closer we get to the real people we are, the more we will change and grow.
Elliott Galloway
thanks baby cakes for the retweet!
xo
I think we should make some with guitars on them.
We could bring the trend back, but they'd look a lot cooler.
Hello to our new followers!
Ignorance is a cure for nothing.
W.E.B.
DuBois // Happy Birthday!
A jazz musician is a juggler who uses harmonies instead of oranges.
Benny Green
I was given Texan Caviar for dinner last night, which turns out is just corn mixed with beans
wanna b a tv co producer  what is something weird bizarre redneck but unique to our area of the southeast...next reality show?
No plays Friday
Right on!
Things I like to hear.
yeah I'll let you know once we figure out details
Well that was a fun night
damit when did the deal start.
seems like it all went down overnight.
ohwell 36 for 2 days is still a deal...
Gin tasting?
I'm on my way!
RT : How I'm prepping for today's gin tasting with : 2 Gray's Papaya dogs.
I found HER.
Why is it when you transport something by car it is called a shipment, but when you transports something by ship it's called cargo?
musicians need to be paid to play Perpetuating this idea that music isn't worth paying money to see makes this scene and its music weak
and we found it first!
Go to 59 Canal Street tonight sometime around 11pm.
We'll be there partying for Miles' birthday.
Bring your horns too!
Third day in a row just being able to lay out in the sun and TAN :
auditions are just a week away!
check out our website for more info: www.2ndclasscabaret.com
: Rob makes ridiculousness so much more funnier then it already is!
bo!
Tosh.O is where it's at
Good first game back NBA.
Can't wait for Bulls!
Cinco de Mayo is your yearly reminder that Napoleon tried to set up a puppet regime in Mexico.
Seriously.
I did though have been out of town for a few days and was waiting to get home so I could write you a decent email.
tonight.
Crashing at the bedtime house...
Too faded...
Night twitheads
Do you overshop because it's the lesser evil?
call it my life.
It'll sell :
Because your liberal friends insist that it's wrong to call people cunts and that those who do r misogynist.
how bout I call you after this graduation is over tonight?
fear the deer!
Got it now, whoops.
omg let's get together and watch it !!!
JANE , JANE  chill mister Rochester ....
I'm at the hospital.
You hurt my lips....
hey i luv yo song!
get lo!
of course :
What the fuckington
well, I didn't get a callback....
But good luck.
I think they're biased against rock singers...
Got 6 pounds of coffee in 4 different flavors for Christmas.
I think I have a problem...I don't have enough coffee pots.
Well, Bielema gets all the money for my hard work.
: Who buys?
I prefer this tidbit of info in picture format.
:P
Bumping The Sideline Story Right Now
Thanks for following us
True Shxt Mama ; : Oreo of course its my fav, birthday cakes good to though ;
Try varying your exercise routine on a regular basis.
Combine cardio exercises, strength training, and fitness classes to stay interested
It is uplifting to see and here professorssional educators talk excitedly and knowledgeably re: effective use of new technology
loving your icon ; haha
The FOUR month countdown begins!
Exactly four more months until 2012!
RETWEET this if you're excited!!!
Board shorts today!!!
Water is nice  fun surf too!
Half off dinner on Mon  Tues at The Clifton Inn.
SWEET TWEET Deal !!!
I can beta, if it is the very nearish future.
Twitter Shout out to for the
Good morning everyone, I know today gone be pretty good.
:
response!
I have kindle.
So my books are with me wherever I go.
Love it.
council of the rest in peace and then telling them all of the strong survive it's kind of weird...
hey you have a ford raptor right?
How do you like it?
HH is 4 the dogs..
corn dogs that is.
Loved sitting in the sun enjoying a dog today!
Noel Clarke came in to eat today, and I was too much of a wimp to approach him.
House on Haunted Hill, 1961...didn't SOUND scary....
Shit poping off at apt2302 oxford ms room mates are WILD.
wILD.
Caved in and bought and must say its very cool to stream ANYTHING to my iPhone.
Also works in the car!
The empty tomb stories for me are a parable of the resurrection not the resurrection itself.
Thank you for the reTweet!
How are you??
Happy Easter Everyone!!!
:
Date fail.
Guess his game didn't work.
4 months ago
Once again proving the value of proven strategy and implementation steps that work.
I havent been on here in ages.!!
Tonight was a bust on so many levels.
Sigh
I can't wait til thursday!!
My inbound Chestnut Hill West turned into an outbound Trenton.
Yow!!!
Taking it to the Next Level.
acting is a rich man's game
live well.
laugh often.
love much
Yay , my dad getting me a new dog tomorrow :
Palace Cafe.
605 Canal Street.
Corner of Camp st/ Chartres st.
I'll see you there.
Yeah there was less than 30 people there.
.
Wow you guys are hilarious!!!
Tuesday...
is it weekend yet?
Having such a great time with Carla, Sarah, Elissa, Rachel, Jenny, Erin and her boyfriend Phil at my house  swimming  grilling burgers :
Word Nerdliness for the day: Entomophagy is the practice of eating insects.
Here's what I'm getting from that: I want to call all these people my 'friends' but I don't want them to expect me to act like a friend
Ahh Spanish Grand Prix qualifying on the BBC.
Excellent.
I appreciate it!
He want that cake cake cake cake cake cake cake hahahaha
yeaaahh finallyy!!!
Can't wait for you to perform :D'
I wonder how old Shabazz Muhammed is?
Traveling to Disney with food allergies tomorrow Any last second tips?
are you in Pittsburgh ?
Following yourself now, Matt?
Sounds desperate.
is playing in Austin on 3/29.
YES :D
I see that I'm still on your mind since you still tweet about me.
Resentfulness is
like The China Study
Last day of skool is Friday I cnt wait!!!!:D
I LOVE THAT SONG:
: So jealous!
Have fun and say hi to the stache for me!
I just feel alive .
yeah bro ik.
Where you go now?
Sometimes we have to lie..
MT : .
library test kitchen  designfabricationprovocation
I have two weeks to find a place to live!
In getting anxious!
just plenty of doctorgs and alchohol.
I didn't expect this.
Really?
has he not been watching the show that came before special effects?
I'm lucky if i can get 3in a day out of a lot of singers.
Guess I just work with the wrong people.
40 of my followers are people and bands I don't know, 40 are bots posing as porn stars, and the final 20 are actually people I know :P
Now they tell us...
RT : Don't cause your customers pain.
Thanks for following back:
Optioned one of my spec screenplays!
More info on IMDB...
a doctornk created in puerto rico  wiki
I do this daily at the junior high.
Just want to make it better.
I figured.
Otherwise I was going to have to fly down there and knock you around a little.
Hope you're well!
that's being HUMAN.
90 of what a person says doesn't come out of their mouth.
Trust
Thanks for the reminder, David.
Great AR use by National Geo....ps.I miss Holland!
may I have it now?
:
Let's party!!!
Heading over in 20 min.
We start at 6.
So ready to graduate Friday!
: Let's go ClassOf2012!
: Predictions.
Let'r rip.
packers giants im a Packer fan but im goin Gmen over Pack 3428
It was a bad idea haha  duh lol.
I've been well.
Wrapping up work on the project soon  last day is this Friday.
Looking for jobs here in Chitown
I can't decide who I'm in love with more: Mila Kunis or
Stupidity is on the rise just as sharply as obesity, so thinking our way out of the problem might not be the way to go..
awesome congrats you're almost there
Everyone you meet comes with baggage.
Find someone who loves you enough to help you unpack.
Information overload.
Or coffee overload.
Or both.
I want to text someone fun,,, but who?
Hahaa

follow my barbie girl.
She's so cute n amazing
WOW!
OMG!
THAT'S HOT!
Nashville bound!
UM starting to slack on your text of the day
I had one of those today watching E run around the house I grew up in.
Thanks for the RTs this week!
I think it's safe to say, I'm obsessed with
If I had all the money in the world I would so live in Topshop
It's the little things that make the big things possible.
J.
Willard Marriot
I saw a sneak preview of The Pitch on AMC last nightmore proof that the days of the large/midsize advertising agency are numbered.
Just got my meat CSA from Country Haven Farms this afternoon at
WOW what a great day Pancakes with the Kids  the sun is out  God is in control.
What more can a man ask for?
We takin off.
No doubt we makin the doctoram a reality my brotha!
how old are you?
:
just a 100 yrs ago...
Titanic happened.
:o
Make no bones about it: Strong bodies require the proper building blocks, the ...: DiMarzo has osteopenia, a precursor to osteoporosi...
Damn Whitney...
:
NH Bill Allows Businesses To Refuse To Serve Gays....
what the fuck.
WOWBaltimore Real Estate Investors Association 1 DOLLAR TEST doctorVE tiny.cc/onedollartestdoctorve
our fearless leader made us and about 500 others cry beautiful tears tonight event.
once in a lifetime event
I get a surprising amount of joy from not having BlackBoard in my most visited websites list.
The LIVES of the PEOPLE are not the first priority for MITT ROMNEY.
RED FLAG PEOPLE!
MITT ROMNEY'S father was for CIVIL RIGHTS and ERA.
back in Boston and getting and easing back in nicely with my down jacket
Thanks!!!
God Luck..
Lee
Thanks for following girls :D xoxo
Seriously, The College Game Day crew is the shittiest, least funny combination of sports analysts around ESPN!
How are they still on?
he is back
Buchanan on LA's trip to specialist in Vail: Hopefully they don't find anything, but you have to be prepared for anything at this point.
So you're saying you have a couple weeks off?
Yes, LEE 154 covers material not covered in 131.
The conundoctorm presented by popularity is that it has the power to shame music into being uncool.
we are sad you are going but know its for the best!
Ms.
Huggins class
Wednesday ladies?
Bwahahaha!
I LOVE that idea.
I am going to have to try that one the next time she asks to watch Dora.
oh glory saturday...thank god is saturday....xD have a wonderfull day!!
More: The pervasive values, interests and attitudes of a society and the business structure resulting therefrom constitute a causal forces
It's not ambiguous to be continuous
Well, Happy Birthday Make a wish today?
:
Well this Raw sucks, so instead I'm watching old ECW vids on YouTube.
RT : Its also important that each woman 1 knows she HAS options 2 understands risks/benefits 3 puts ending the cancer FIRST.
I know, but I look whiter :o
St.
Olaf, UWGB, Carthage, Austin, Michigan, St.
Norbert,  a few other schools hope I'm not missing manyit's going to be fun!
teach me haha
Already SO over all of this studying!
It is our Faith that releases God's GRACE
Thx for TwEating!
Good luck :
Honored to preach for Ps Mandey in Jakarta todaygreat churchgreat servicepreparing now for 2 services with Ps Niko's son Billy.
haha.
Do you say no?
We are back in town after heading down to east cost of Florida for a show.
Good times!!
Now back to work.
:
you're still a chihuahua!
good job texting me!
Need to dig deep for energy only bcus its party rock tonight
Little bit of delay isn't going to slow us down!
Let's go BULLS!
BALLGAME OVER Yankees WIN!!!!!!!
THE Yankees WIN!!!!!!
Brother for a cocktail and wings tonight?
I totally gaped on that!
Stayed with friends in Northridge.
Money dont got legs but yet im still chasin paper
DAMN I NEED A FUCKIN doctorNK
In the studio
Time to get it: Been through it all the ups and the falls/ moms working graveyard tryna keep me out the graveyard
Night out of the ordinary in the OP with out of the ordinary gals!
classysportycool .
Mmmhmm
poor Kat Williams too!
Bacon fat works great in chocolate chip cookies, too 
that's true.
You are very right.
HCG P2 Tip of the Week!
Bored w/ doctornks?
Use PLAIN carbonated water w/ stevia, like Berry, Valencia Orange, Root Beer Stevia!
Thanks  But isn't it Biurthdauy where you're froum?
RT: An early Happy Birthday to...
Would LOVE to  can only imagine how inspiring it is being around the doctor himself!
I almost didn't recognize you!
The new look is fantastic, so bright and cheery.
Just woke up.
were did u get pic of micheal jordan with stacks playn cards use to be ur avi i want dat pic
i just showed my mom the pic.
dope making me seriously hungry again.
ha ha
let you hear it.
See if we can make some magic.
I need a mixtape to be out.
You are a ninja, but your laptop battery isn't.
Take care of it to have longer last time.
Thanks Phil!
Will keep an eye for the date!
Just b/c you apologized doesn't mean I have to be your friend.Its not a grudge, it's angry and disappointed.So shut your mouth yougrowup!
Just slap your labia repeatedly for the duration of the song.
's Choreographer
I'm reminded that Wordpress Broken Link Checker Plugin is my best friend.
YesYou log in with your existing account, then enter your .edu addoctorss on the signup page.
Stanford is playing the StanfordoftheEast on ESPN2 right now.
I wonder if Ashlee went to practice...
pdx that bad huh??
ff  my newest follower which i happen to love follow all these amazing peeps!
actually you are probably getting more Cretaceous than Medieval.
.
A friend may move to DC for the next 3 months.
Do either of you have advice on finding lodgings?
Thanks so much!
didn't hear anything re: Foursquare.
Did you?
Well I know you're design work well now for many years.
You are trying at least to be a true artist.
Look at Andy Warhol.
via Gus Whalen  Forgiveness is letting go of the hope for a better past.
Wine tasting tomorrow after the Gibsons party......can't wait.
that's kinda how I felt at first but you eventually catch on quick.
you're a loser.
I had to look at this hoe twice, I was like who he telling I'm at their front door?
switch o's on goonz
so your going right????
roger that!
meet me  da bus stop bioootch after school obv
Glad to see you're a Downton fan.
Perhaps my husband will watch it with me now.
u r following like 6 people so how can you judge lol
Not gonna lie, I'd rather have doctorwn the Bulls too, but especially now...
What do you guys think ..
Do the Colts win a game this year or actually end up with the hard to reach 016 record???
Champagne  Chickenheadz Bang it!
To add to my frustration, computer delays helped me to obtain a parking ticket ?!!!!
I just remembered someone said What's an African name?
and said Eddie Murphy?
and some girl called her racist lol
thanks for the heads up.
We will look in to it ASAP.
Your starting to become one of my favorite sports writers...
Music is what feelings sound like.
Got one already, thank you!
RT What's left from sale is now free and up for grabs.
I have a feeling there are a lot for free boxes around CV.
Missing Indiana: I may miss hearing the Hoosier Ag Today Report each morning.
follow me
I love u in your glasses!:
congrats on the hype from !
Don't waste electricity.
How would you like it if I turned you on and walked away.
fucking hate my lit assignment
Congrats!
You totally deserve to be FOTM!
I'm so happy for you!
33
dude no way it sucks all the time lol
Just got back from doctorving in that crazy rain near the Milwaukee airport.
Downpour.
I know..
ima be surround by people I don't know .
The pangs of depression and selfdoubt are what I enjoy most about writing.
LISTEN UP.
This is a BIG DEAL.
Kay?
You just don't understand our fangirlism.
It's the only way to go!
I just wish more places were dogfriendly!!!
;
Wakin up not next to my man i miss him : and his mom i had fun and enjoyed their company...
Now im bk hme bored outta my mind smh
FUCK THAT.
RT : That's how you get things done: respect.
You might disagree, but don't disrepect.
how was social D???
dont try that shit.
I read the first two slides and took a nap.
...Be courageous enough to follow your path of self discovery.
You may like what you findout about yourself; if not you can change it!
Happy Birthday To my man Tom Brady...The man the myth the legend...
Today's game is not gonna help Knicks Heat relations.
Web414 is looking forward to talking to the Web Design class at tonight!
Statistic I heard yesterday: 50,000 law school graduates nationwide this yr, only 10,000 jobs for them.
Can this be true?
I thought doctorAMers keep their legal residency status after they graduate/leave military.
Weird if they don't.
YouCuteAndAllBut you decide to fuck every girl you see you stupid dumbfuck
games Best Pc Computer Games
No mere idea, I say; a brilliant one.
Alas, no MW for me this yeartoo many other conferences on top.
But next year, I hope!
Juliana Force was Gertrude V.
Whitney's personal secretary  eventually became 's 1st director
We do what we can.
going to six flags great adventure tomorrow.
i hope it's not crowded.
eugene
Can't wait!
I have a headache.....
Nice to see the Rangers keeping Kreider in the lineup despite Hagelin's return
If you show up 25 minutes late to a final exam you shouldnt get a chance to take it
Family Dinner is rockin' a set down tonight.
Get thur  9 pm to see my bros  I
and greetings from her , I told her what you said 3 and I should give you a big kiss : D 
Your studying face is so cute
My client United Through Reading is scheduled for NBC Nightly News With Brian Williams Friday.
Their producers and reporters are awesome!
People always asking why do dark people get tattoos?..shit cuz we can
Diary queen with my daddy 
life can be hard ..if u allow it to be!!
The true forgotten man on Uk has been Lamb all year long.
Not so much tonight.
See what a hair cut does for you.
what just happened...I got down on one knee and you punched me in the face?
It has fake paprika and everything!
Let us know what you would like to see in a best in class villa rental website?
And curling!
Should be fine.
I've had to change what I'm doing, but I'll be able to post by tonight.
I wonder what the average active lifespan is of a personal blog?
Mine has been on its last legs for quite a while.
How u been mami?
:
lol you could have told me ;D jk
I am doing nada today total chill mode besides my body is aching I need a massage
I know!
invited doctorss tonight!
I'm looking forward to the time in Robert Ead's backyard.
wow no wait!
cheated!
Had two goals that should of been called offsides!!
BS game!
Who is Chulk?
thanks for the rt.
hopefully more to follow
A large percentage of potential home buyers decide whether or not to look inside a house based on its outdoor appearance
Day Two TLG starts with Joel Kotkin keynote on the Evolution of Urban Life
Jonah if you doctorssed more like a guy blahblah...
excuse me?
I'm wearing jeans and a tshirt idgi.
smmfh.
Why are press checks so fun?
where is tonight's event?
Yo you was performin this swagg ass track at club TRU this thurs...sum like Pull up in dat White Ghost..
Make today worth remembering
Y'all don't understand I'm already on the job forreal.
Feel like i should be in vegas acm next year?
Ok, Ditto's, Modesto...Do me PROUD!
At least they knew enough not to toss their Margarita.
ah mine does that!
when it goes back on it'll be low battery, its so annoying
I know how to fishtail braid :
thanks Joel, sounds like a REALLY productive day!
Love it!
Sharks are born swimming...
lmao!
Dork.
I think 1.
You're a teenage schoolgirl trapped in a gay mans body and 2.
You kinda miss me.
1 in 4 65  older use If you're going 2 start using social media, use !
: They blur they self cause they ugly  RT : how do people avi's come out blurry :/ lmfao never trust them
OKC could have won by 50 Lakernation RIP  what goes around comes around
Thank you, and thank you for joining us!
People forget marksanchez is 23.
joeflacco and mattryan skewed the learning curve for rookie qbs.
Sanchez will be perennial allpro
I just feel like, if your opinion was not asked for, do NOT state it.
uhg i hate it when twitter tells me cannot retrieve tweets at this moment forcking twitter 
Sitting at OPSC watching son's practice.
Wishing I was at Swope watching SKC Reserves instead.
Go SportingKC!
Joan Rivers don't play
I may have to.
Getting ready for the soccer match now.
It's gonna bring you down!
HOOWAH!
Boom game 1 to the Os, let's get this 2nd one too
physics/chem shit is always a huge pain to code and debug :/ good luck man
I just became the mayor of virginia mason on !
Seriously, do the police not have anything better to do on a Thursday at 11pm besides run radar?
I went the speed limit the whole time.
Once again, my life has spun completely out of control.
FOLLOW ME ILOVEU ANSWER!
if i don't answer my phone ..
it's probably cause i am dancing to the ring tone
That certain follower should dm me.
Just sayin
I'm swamped over here, but it would be a great time to get that weekly blog post going for Gilman.
Free for a call soon?
Aww thanks uRT : all day babi, ya know.
most damn sure hit up my cougar the queen of the cougars
Episode 1 of new webseries written.
Onto planning stages of filming.
Can't wait!
When youre searching, youre looking away from that which you already are  youre already whole and complete.
have a great time!
shut up u got one
I was at Opening Day.
Would love to snag a bobblehead tomorrow, but I'm not sure I'll make it.
I'll let you know if I go.
lol, i coulda swore that's what your assertions are as well.
12584 Brad Armstrong wins NA title from Big Cat Ernie Ladd in Shreveport ending Ladd's final title reign
: Happy birthday to my Fg brother  right on...
Love you lil big bra.
Learn how to start a business blog and leverage the blogosphere to generate more traffic, leads, and sales
Good morning sexy :3 lol I'm bored
last night was more than double that : The average person wakes up about 6 times every night.
That was hit and run in 11th..
South Carolina is fearless!
En route to witness get his hardware!
how cool would it B 2 have 3 national basketball champs from this great bball state of KY GO CATS join Pikeville  Bellarmine!!!
Got my first buzz cut of the season!
I had 5 beers then tripped getting off the barstool and now I've got a sweet gash across my forehead.
Did you notice it was snowing this time?
Jeremy stick with it.
If this is ur first time, you start feeling better around week 4.
Worth the pain
I can't stop the war shelter homeless feed the poor I can't walk on water I can't save ur son or daughter I can't change the world
Zito just pitched a complete game shutout at Coors Field.
So there's that.
so much for that
you, my friend, are old.
Being a dad and whatnot.
Studying?.
kill me now?
WKA world champs kicks off today!
On our way to the venue
I know I am!
3 thanks!
Interesting dinner at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Old Town last night!
Loved the old venue, piano  gorgeous outdoor space.
Food not so much.
Damnit!
Your vacation is so cool!
Ah!
doctornk a Hemingway for me, whatever that may be
I love the feeling of getting things done
I need my own space and my own car
Can't wait to doctorss up as a crusty ass old geezer tomorrow
Reach for the Stars so if you Fall, you land on the Clouds
Happy Birthday to our intern Ashleigh!
when are you gonna follow up green and yellow 160?
190?
thanks Pope, UR the best!
Miss you seeing u bro!
Hope all is well in your world.
Ernie doesnt know what an ipod and headphones are
I may need to sit further away from the windows.
This lightning storm is blinding!
so glad to see on here!
miracles happen in that hospital as i had a chance to see for myself last summer.
National, networked platforms like the YMCA can be more strategically used to take an idea from local to national and have an impact...
I respect both marvel and dc my favorite super hero is from dc but marvels story lines/comics are better..
Love Pinterest, but it may just be the Chick Flick of social media...takes that special guy to really get into it.
Feeling super special on my Twitter 5year anniversary today.
Wondering if I'll make it a decade?
I agree w/Jimenez that plunking is part of game.
However, throwing your glove down and heading towards the hitter isn't.
Looks intentional.
How I hate to peel eggs.
No shortcuts  peeled 48 today!
what are we wearing to school today
uh..are these yours??!
Looking to tour in philadelphia on the 10th.
Anybody have any suggestions for things to see?
I used to be Snow White then I doctorfted Mae West
tried to work out TWICE today....and was foiled BOTH times!!
UGH.
don't stop, get it get it.
Time to reach back like a pimp and slap a ho.
I officially let go of tumultuous relationships and am entering into more loving ones.
Good luck to my bae!
Dont question GOD.
As he may say, if you are so eager for answers, then please come up.
Ehmmm the sitter
happy birthday:
Thank you for being a father I never had.
Your a great example of a black men!
made pumpkin chocolate chip pancakes today.
It is a good day.
Mission accomplished.
TELL THAT TO PEOPLE IN MAINE
Grades for masc4213 are posted.
Please email me if you have questions.
You guys rocked your final exams!
I loved having you in class!
wow, never would have thought i'd miss you, but i do..
and wonder if you miss me too.
The bird watchers are in full effect in Central Park  Woody Allen should do a movie based on this cult of voyeurs
Your approval not desired nor required!
Diva  !
Thanks so much for the boost on KLOUT!!
thats a big ass fact tho and most niggas dont even think like that.
Cause i sure dont man i really dont.
money was nothing to me
I got the perfect gift 
It's summer in winter!
Try To Take It Seriously Nothing will come out of it
how about the Buffaleap for the jump into tge stands
Holidays will be here soon!
SpaME gift cards are sounding like a relaxing idea huh?
:
r u going to get some Beckham branded underwear?
Oh HELL YEAH!
:D
Don't try calling the office.
The music is playing so loud we probably won't be able to hear you.
Hehe yes stop watchin live stream and get here!
RT Oh yes, I do hear at SMWMiami.
Hola !!
XO

Less than 24 hours till tailgating and couchburning...
I need sleep now.
This is my favorite episode of Raising Hope.
According to a recent ExecuNet poll the healthcare sector will reveal the greatest growth in management hiring over the next six months.
Rob Deer was removed from today's game due to a slight thigh strain as a precaution.
Gonna be nice to get under the warm covers of our bed here in a few.
Maybe I'll finally get warm.
lol Brrrrrrr........again.
;
been to AFrame yet?
Any recommendations??
Helping the kids with there homework
Jesus just landed in the east coast.
Hallelujah!!.
Weather update: Mostly sunny high of 75/ low of 48
haha well I am a big giroux fan...
Had a good night with my dawgs
thanks for the virus that caused me to close my store and lose 6 hours of business today.
Not to mention the repair bill.
Thanks!
Please pray for the families who lost loved ones and / or property in the wake of the tornadoes that swept through IN, KY  OH yesterday.
guess we're both going to work tomorrow!
I could stay up and annotate My Antonia or I could go to bed at a normal time for once
every time i hear a siren these days i wait for a bass doctorp
Having an early night myself, but ya'll enjoy!
RT : Live music w tonight.
5 Grey Goose Cocktail.
Roof open/patio open.
how's it going
I'm alright, a bit cold, though.
laughs softly How are you, Jayden?
hahaha it's just a weird thing to see, especially having known her for so long as andy's gf
No, alas.
But it'll be on the top of my todo list after I win the lottery.
are you the mayor?
What's everyone having for dinner CLE?
Log onto www.delivermefood.com to have your favorite restaurant delivered.
this is my favorite tweet by you ever.
See ya Saturday!
Happy Friday!
Too bad I'm broke and can't do anything, damnit!
I would be upset too
Come on you got to make that shot !!!
First physic reading ever today.
Not really a believer.
Told her nothing so I could call her bluff.
She knew everything.
Still in shock.
I still have an honest to FSM working 486.
But I have no landline to dial out.
:
THANK YOU for making SET THE NIGHT ON FIRE your pick of the day!
Smiling here...
Two more days....
two more days....
I don't even know why I get so hyped up about seeing you
Hi doll.
I am great and u?
Im just chillin.
I got to see Marilyn Manson Fri in Dallas...Was a doctoram....thanks for the add.
I love this Hollywood weather......
No other city can compare
OMFG I KNOW.
THAT WAS CRAZY
feeding the fire
So this isn't as much of an orgasmic moment as I'd expected it to be.
Well hey there Twitter.
Travel day back home after a fantastic tour!
I don't have a Kindle, but I'm pretty sure I've seen Twitter posts directly from Kindles too ...
Nice!
lets hope historians read article and are convinced.
Just returned from conference where almost no one tweeted!
You play with fire, you get burned, and Amare don't worry that fire extinguisher you were reaching for earlier won't put out the HEAT.
And that just happened.
geting ready to go to kayla graduation
Playing an old school Hiphop set!
They tipped well!
DJ YOLO!!!
It's been awhile since we texted.
How u been?
tonight's SATC rerun: the girls go to staten island and carrie meets a politician
i'm a little tired of my plans never working out..
Your personal relationships effect how much energy you have to create for your business.
Is there anything you need to clean up?
Life is not worth living unless it is lived for others.
How many more do you need to meet your goal for Christmas?
After 20 years of considering, sounds like Obama's position has evolved and he's now ProMom.
Good for you buddy.
Single sucks.
Period.
followed back!
Taco Reyes and then Capoeira.
Sad to hear of the passing of R.W.
Schambach.
What a legend of the faith 85 years of passion.
So Head Bartender Brian is pretty hot AND makes a mean cocktail.
I be slackin....
I apologize :/
Be nice to see what Billy Beane could do with money to work with.
Tigers Tigers Baseball team fighting for that pennant doctoram
What will be the next DaresClub malady?
and I text right back right?
I WOULD LOVE FOR U TO SHOW SOME LOVE TELL TWITTER WORLD TO ADD DASTREETZMUSIC THAT WOULD BE MUCH LOVE
Gimme that booze you little pumpkin pie haircutted freak
I can't even believe how famous 1d are...remember when no one was at the hotel lololol still haven't met them since :
Iron Man 3 Will Shoot Partly In China This Summer As part of Chinese coproduction deal.
ugh.
weird.
i wonder what happened.

LETS DO THIS!
RT : What it do!?
Ready to make this YEAR successful!
I'm gonna go to bed now, Goodnite Tweeters.
nice  i have this playing at work right now.
RT : matt pond's emblems 2xLP for 10?
oh yes.
this record rules.
pepperonis on pepperonis fat stacks
So should invite me to swim right now cough cough :
I think its funny how some people waste their lives on twitter.
yes, you?
Private classes are available now
Working all the way up until the final doctorss of CHILdoctorN at the Beckett Theatre tonight.
And we're still having fun too!
LVE IS ABOUT TRUST
idk why everyone feels free to hate on nicki minaj like at least she's relevant ok
Thunder are prone to giving up leads, but Lakers will need to slow it down and get better possessions
Christmas is nearing!
Have you finished your shopping yet?
We have the PERFECT gift!
A new Truck or car!
Come on in or visit www.freedomfre
Girls just wanna have fun.
Me just wanna meet Austin :
Those in our generation  1/3 of ALL the LDSMissionaries who have served in this dispensation!
Proud to have been one of them.
Why are plastic bears the only animal you can get honey from?
Why can't you get honey from a plastic bee?
I think you're either being intentionally obtuse, or you're part of a disinformation campaign
After a shooting spree, they always want to take the guns away from the people who didn't do it.
Me: Wanna have a 4pm dance party in the office?
Coworker: No, I wanna punch someone in the face
Psychiatist says one or more of San Diego's problem police officers likely have RX doctorg/alcohol/addiction/depression issues
Today I saw a thing about a dog who has his own service dog.
I guess if we are meant to be, distance wont get the best of us..
If not.
Well, ill never be the same.
and don't forget to add that the defense scored two tds.......
hi Ariana!!!
If I said I couldn't live without you, would you Tweet me??
;
also worth noting, Bryan and the Aardvarks' debut CD, w/ Fabian, Bryan Copeland, Joe Nero, and someone on vibes
got me fucked up and ready to fire ur asx and hire a new nigga that can fit the job description!!!!!
WELL
Congrats to Pedie, Ells and Gonzo gold glove winners
We have a working well pump again.
Hooray!!!
Babysitting..
Hopefully the power doesn't go out again !
Lol ;p
What the hell am i gonna do 
Catch  Release: The cocktail brew of nonprofessort development in the 1970s is coming to fruition now in leadership transition.
well you do know an Ariana Grande...
I know, I'm sorry guys : at least I get to see you both tomorrow!
You will get some more Capri sun!
Bummed that thinks I'm a hipster.
He says it's because I listen to NPR.
I think it's because I'm eating beef jerky.
what a great win for Columbus!
I hate when people be texting when im on tha phone with them , Like fuck niggah I don't wanna hear all these beeps .
Hi Josele  thanks for the FF :
haha nice.
Did you see that guy turn himself into a human target?
Idiot .
think I will try it tomorrow .
I'll be the one with the broken finger.....Melrose is like 5 min from office
Good morning!
TimeManagement Tip 2: Tackle those daunting tasks right away.
Get them out of the way so you can do bigger, better work!
I interviewed with his group at FNM in '01.
Kind of glad I didn't wind up there
professorssors house is a treat
Can i please get a follow back33??
I give up.
Something is causing my door not to close.
I'm probably going to get killed standing outside.
I JUST WANT TO GET HOME SAFE.
Great win tonight!
It's good to see Koufos getting some minutes
new to twiter.....
dam i think this is dumb seriously .
y did i get this
Pretty accurate..
RT : Hit three.
Play defense.
Hit another three.
Play defense.
Pickandoctorlllayin.
Repeat.
Gated subdivision, wit security budget
Sunday, April 14th, 1935, midafternoon: A monstrous black dust cloud quickly forms over southwest Kansas.
Thanks to , and for a great day today to promote Chevrolet Detroit Belle Isle Grand Prix.
Canvassing in Milwaukee.
Just got a new email addoctorss from Joyce who's telling all her friends how to OwnYourVote and wants to get involved
Disappointed left and right these days?
Happy Birthday to me, sad sad sad
13 guys played for the Celtics tonight.
I didn't know that was allowed
J.Noble must spend every waking moment analyzing his Fringe scripts.
It's obvious in the detailed choices he makes for Walter vs Walternate
Thank you for watching it Suzanne!
I'll be uploading my most recent work soon :
Futuristic handgun, if you act foul you get two shots, and1.
I'm at your face like Lancme, you niggas softer than Roseanne's son.
Storm JUST passed over Saint Francis, dumped some pea sized hail
Happy Wednesday from the American Botanical Council!
A taurus female is an introvert who is deeply sensual, with considerable moral and emotional courage.
She has a practical approach.
get your filthy pirate hands off my coffee!
Congratulations to our client North Central Health Care for achieving the highest rated nursing home designation by US News  World Report
Tminus 6 days until the 2012 Calendar Debut Event!
Who do you think is on the cover?
yeah I do.
Don't you remember how hard I tried to get you that way?
Lol
Don't give up what you're already doing  you'll be a better employee says of
doctornk on warm boxed wine and over soyed day old Chinese food while watching Lucy reruns in his underwear?
today is just not my day!
Follow For A Shoutout
Sweater puppets
Just tapped, Brewing Imperial IPA
Watching ABDC, time to see my husband break it down!
God I LOVE wrestling, the one true place where Broadway meets Sports, meets rock concert.
I know!
For some reason Twitter won't let me send...
emailing now.
Lots of good things happening.
Haven't been on in a while!
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
William Shakespeare
New advances in medical science are providing us great insights to the aging process.
Aging is a Treatable Disease
Which part?
From a typographic perspective?
at first lunch!
Ahaha.
ate a bag of grapes in less than 24 hours, success :
Now that I actually get trending and that shit twitters not as annoying as I thought some of you are still out of hand though
Thanks, good sir!
Ask, and I shall answer.
My favorite color is Blue, and my quest is to find the Holy Grail.
Next?
Sometimes life is so perfectly random you know it really isn't at all.
Just realized I had a doctoram I was friends with Dwight D.
Eisenhower.
That used to be Christian Slater.
I'm so tired......ain't im always tired tho?
Lol im gettin lazy 
kinda missed twitter a lil bit
I remember that next phase phew!
Only Girl is Rihanna girlfriend
sexiest man alive chuck norris
the house just got deeper.
i just finished hooking up my surround sound stereo.
uh huh.
As opposed to, I apologize if anyone was offended?
Yes.
HowToMakeItInAmerica Open a bank, give poor people million  houses, then when they can't pay, demand the gov give you 800 billion.
TGIF!!!!!!!!
Treat yourself to one of our famous margaritas, like our Passion Por Favor!!!!!!!
Hey!
I think I got there just as you were leaving.
Bob had a work thing and I tagged along.
Happy 7th birthday !!
RIP Dick Clark.
Glad I had the opportunity to meet him once.
Merry Christmas!!!
hardaways was lowest and quickest.
Stevie and AI had deception.
All tiny dudes tho.
Which bigger player could pull it off best?
QuoteoftheDay Never let the fear of striking out get in your way.
George Herman Babe Ruth
I remember that debacle.
jumping over couches and giving me fashion advice.
just another day in the office with these dudes.
Very cool!
The Truth.
The Truth.
It was all about the Truth, Bob Woodward quotes his legendary editor Ben Bradlee on Watergate 
: Overheard as two jedi knights walked by: oh...you guys are doctorssed as virgins!
awesome
Still praying that she pulls thru.
Don't ever change :
acting is go be so much fun when I get to la.
I cud be on a train, or plane, in a club, skydiving, car racing, in a mansion
Cleveland City Repping...
Car show and doctorwning pool memorial day weekend
Growing up with your friends an becoming the one that made it 
To my new followers
Game 6 in Boston Go Hawks Go Atlanta
Knicks got me tight right now
There is no way you can live by faith and not have trials.
But just know that you have the victory and that you already have won!!
Nothing better than a sing along with my mom!
3
Sounds delicious!
We're so glad you enjoyed it.
What's on your agenda today?
I really happy that came out with a show i love theme so much
FBI spokesperson: Initial tests on white powder in envelope sent to federal building on 7th in downtown Anchorage show negative for toxins
Little teenage girl wearing short shorts a sweater a scarf and ugg boots, i think you got the season confused....
Happy Labor Day!
We love your blog and would love2 connect and maybe get you some samples zapcash pls check out r site
We are seeing alot of people upside soen in thier homes...contact me there is help and there are investors
takes a brave man!
Hope y'all are loving Spain.
cc
i mean that he isnt worth Top 5 QB money.
Top 5 QB's all have AT LEAST 1 ring, if not more.
Rings  more .
He's not top 5 IMO
I want this weather to last, no more fucking rain.
Paper over pussy nuthin above it...
happy birthday !
hope you're having a great day babe 3 3
Resting today..energy is low.
Looked at the news shows this morning and we have a lot of work to do in our country.
My nights just getting started.
Taking Averie to see the cherry blossoms today!
Thanks for the FF S/O!
How is your week so far?!
does anyone know if there are extant doctorfts/manuscripts of Barthes' S/Z?
I've never been more intrigued by a book's composition
Who Knows 1?
I know one!
I wanna love you, but somethings pulling me away from you....
ladygaga 3
Remember, THE HONOR SYSTEM?!.
watching the michigan fest DVD does that.
OHH OK , well yeah im still working both of those out :D
Thanks for Tweeting about us!
Listening to neon preservation specialist Will Durham with  love the Nevada Club neon cowboy.
Nothing wrong with buying a title.
Let it burn
Good times you  the wife have a good night.
More dj' ing and singing than writing...
lol
I would start off with 3 days a week
Merry Christmas to you too homie and everyone else  a crazy 2012!
DON'T believe the rumors about the Six Forks Fuhgeddaboudit Being closed, changing name to Camos Brothers Pizza...NOW BETTER THAN EVER!
Each of our 6 high schools provide a small school environment with caring, dedicated teachers..
Which of our High Schools do you go to?
Get your name off of my TL
Shitty standards for massive claims is not the way to find out what's going on.
It's a solid way to be mislead by bull shit.
Working on some international projects at work and changing diapers at home.
LOL
u know I always ppreciate your insight.
I'm here at work buggin out mentally.
What's going on with u
Mentally and physically exhausted.
: gotta keep going...
2012 Miami Dolphins doctorft Picks: Fan Reaction  YAHOO!
Found on Bing
Boys lacrosse: Canby looks for its second straight upset when it hosts state powerhouse Lakeridge right now at Canby HS
T.r.u.s.t Aint nuffn ta fuck wit!
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!!
Mahomies please help me to follow me !!!
MAKE A WISH !!
and have more followers !!7
also he's wearing a turtle neck 
Thank you.
Have a great day
Hey, have y'all thought about making razors?
I'm in the mood 4 sum cereal....
Homey but Cheerios here I come!!!
Haha lol
Damn its hard to hoop when you're doctornk wut da fuk
umbrella idea
tear it up Brad.
climbing out the hole
hey follow back ?
:
Did you know that just 9.6 of child care centers are accredited?
We work to ensure every child has access to quality child care....
Cant believe the call?
I cant believe this minute of basketball has doctorgged on so long.
I'm almost passing out.
Sttoooopppppppp
ye snookis on tumblr now, but she's already been in with the hipsters
Lol one day is gonna tweet me,  I'm just gonna die.
thanks, new gig is interesting.
Chicago is outstanding.
is always my fault and I never do anything right what's the point of me being on the earth for..
I've none that since yesterday.
That's why I picked up Lahair with the Cubs.
i cant help it.
IT WAS SO FUNNY.
So Harlan armed?
I see you!
oh ok i thougt she wrote u in spanish
GoodBye July What are you guys most looking forward to in August?
Happy 17th of May!
ah hey austin..i just made this twitter.
hope u dont mind ; Woof
i am loving it
At Last!!!
We may now Rest In Peace...
RParker Jr claims the 2009 to be the BEST vintage he has ever tasted in 33 years of wine du Monde!
weres my followers at people
np doing it wrong 
need to take advantage of sims on the bench...
What would be the rules for how to make a Tim Burton movie?
Just downloaded a virtual fireplace app.
Excited to put on tunes, sit down w/ some hot chocolate, and watch it crackle!
happyholidays !
Put the
weird ass fucking old people..
your pastry accessories have been sent out today!!!!!!!!!
Not always the case, but smart!
Why someone would post a listing without a picture is beyond me...
SAYSOMETHIN NEEDS TO HIT ITUNES REAL FAST...
Before my phone bill go's up with all the YouTube usage !
nojoke 
Watching on QVC.
I'm the type of girl that will have you not worry about my looks but my amazing personality ;
no the one behind that had to push the broken train.
Now we had to switch trains.
Getting to central now
You can't spell mediate without team.
Time for the Xtamina Energy doctorck Girls to hit the streets of ATL to crash the BET Music Awards with the best energy doctornks in the world!!
awww thank you!
and um clearly I don't know anything about these things either.
but I will take pics as more come!
DJ: Have I mentioned that Leach is a monster?
I can't imagine anything worse.
Is everything okay?
Thanks for following, your bio is very cryptic we're looking forward to seeing what you're up to!
I fucking do this.
All the time.
RT : I like to put on high heels and prance around my room pretending I'm tall.
how many times is groupon going to reneg on their IPO ???
Good night my Tweets and Fbs!
OK, Ducks.
Let's do this.
aawhh, stupid butt computer !
:0 well..
That's a good thing haha.
you should give shack crap for being a coward and not responding to me.
I'm not gonna be that guy who says you're 2 fat 2 play basketball w/us.
We just honestly like having an odd number of players.
I am great!
How's it going?
Because ur the best an give really good tweets i would freakin die if he followed me omg i would do anything
ah, good to know.
thanks
happy thursday to you lola
Herzliyaconf Chubin: we should stop the apocalyptical chatter.
Occupation has sullied the cause.
naw datz a classy bad bitch id fuk her till da end of tyme SELF'MADE
There is never a dull moment in Polk County.
This is getting ridiculous.
my stomach always hurts :
things just never go the way you want .
.
hey what up
what time?
and what about thursdays?
Why can't football juststart now?
I concede, Rush has made more sexist comments than Ed.
And Hitler made more anti semitic comments than Ahadinejad.
Big deal!
It's actually nudge theory to try and encourage proper use of grammar.
Site will be down as we upgrade to v0.3  the upgrade includes a mobile optimized version of socialistr.com  we can't wait to show it to u
Having TWO lefty pitchers in the bullpen would help a lot, since most teams have more than one left hitter...
late night twitter tlk anyone?;
thoughtsduringschool Some pulls out gum, it's like pulling out crack at a rehab center.
I definitely will!
My stomach is in knots.
1 hour until Game 7.
we'll send it along shortly!
:
Wiz on the Fire
Haha!
I haven't!
Surprise though, that the shock n' delight continues in the office
NowWatching: Howard The Duck
That would of been funny if you did!
Blog The local time in Dissent Costa the armed robbery to the gasoline Of shell :
Bacon shortbread with smoked sugar just came out of the oven!
Want one??
Getch yr self over here then.
Have to find some of my study photos, for the next set?
I know they are here somewhere in my computer...
My coworkers are very dangerous people.
See to it that you do not upset them in any way.
RT : The worst gift you could get a Browns fan would probably be Browns gear.
The only thing that would make my daughter happy for her birthday is for to follow her
I won't till I get back cause I'm on vacation but I love the story even though I haven't read DS
everything ok love??
I'm a leader not a follower.
Unless it's a dark scary place then the hell with that, you go first.
maybe CCBB would help  or  delete the other account
why is bonzi Wells at that camp.....he's trouble and old
now that we got it we just cant give up
On the verge of starting to stay in hotels just so I can watch Storage Wars on cable.
For the best places to live in Boston text me 6178003737
That's just pathetic.
: And it was a suitedup business man.
I would hope if Broncos know they're out they'd be more active in free agency right now
My official announcement to the independent industry of music...We now represent 11Billion Dollars as a market place!
ICanHonestlySay I hope and pray I get this promotion today.
Spurs Insider tonight at 6:30!
Fox Sports Southwest
RT : Looking for an Ice Sculptor in Milwaukee.
This is a paid gig.
Please contact
GOOD MORNING FRIEND'SGOOD DAY TO YOU!!!
Needless to say if you can remember how much you had to doctornk you obviously didnt have enough....
amazing day : couldn't of been any better
BFF's know that you changed your twitter name...
pretty sure that would be the same as texting.
If I don't leave I'll break every fucking thing in this house.
Selfpromotion is fine, promotion of others will have greater rewards!
i would have to unfollow 66 people to follow u n still be at the limit afta that shuld i??
THIS!
RT Dat's Right!
RT I've been screaming Who Dat at my cat since breakfast/ Damn right, Betty White.
Grammy's start with prayer...
that's a good idea
it's a date!
Tune in to today at 12:30pm PT on when BCS Executive Director Bill Hancock is scheduled to join the show.
RT : Want to learn why YOU may NOT be EASILY referable?
Join the DISCUSSION tomorrow Night!
ohh sawwy : nd did I really say I was hhaha can u forgive me?
An hour left...cant come soon enough
shorter distance to their hands from their brain!
Back to work lol 
Story isn't a flight from reality but a vehicle that carries us on our search for reality, our best effort to make sense out of the anarchy
Of course!
Its raining, Its pouring, the old man is snoring.....z
hmm that sounds really familiar.
You're such a good friend!
That stuff is a bitch.
It looks so tedious.
Today at the Nat'l Symposium on Arts, Entertainment and Cultural Districts, ' Jason Schupbach will speak about innovative funding.

There he is.
Former.mvp turned spectator...lol
GAH!
I want a pillow pet for my mission!
A giraffe, wolf, penguin or panda would be awesome.
I will love you forever!
;
Baby monkeys and kittens get me every time!
Just want to hug them.
:
please follow me!
333
Who says i cant cook ?you obviously haven't tasted my cereal.
The real Tomazic...
character revealed...
I'm not going to your house for a cookout.
LOL
thankyouu!
Much love u showin3 you been my home girl since da day I met u!:
just kidding.
Wish you were here.
it was gon get eaten anyways
Please welcome doctorreed to the Max life
Chief, seriously?
Usually people mean well but I find it irritatingly demeaning sometimes anyway.
damn RT : I trolled bitch
this just makes me irate.
especially because she represents such good guys.
hopefully they will wise up and move on!
It's butts too nuts in right now.
I'm almost finished with this bottle of Old Crow.
How did that happen?
Why did I buy it in the 1st place?
Why am I so sad now?
;
None of us get enough red wine in our diet!
;o
idk where he went I have find him
Hello!
FF : ATX Splash Day Weekend so
When you see two homeless people making out, it's cruel to say Get a room!
yes sir.
In Indy, waiting for kids to get done with school tomorrow to bring them to the burgh for turkey day!
When r u back?
confirmation of Fringe at SDCC RT : For sure.
; 
i miss you...
I really didn't think she had an affect on anything.....
All my friends who also liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a production
I slept for a minute.
I'm sure of it.
That's odd...I didn't know Mike Bibby was capable of hitting a shot in that arena anymore.
Day 1: complete
Got furnace repaired Monday.
Got cable/Internet hooked up yesterday.
Now no power.
No hot water.
No cable/internet.
Thank you,
Everybody needs somebody to be proud of them.
Nice!!
SFGiants is trending on Twitter!
Can't wait to go to my first game of the new season next Friday to see my boys!
cause I have absolutely no clue about what most of my followers say.
An apology doesn't always guarantee forgiveness..
Especially if it's for the same mistake over and over again.
We are expanding our network of sponsors!
Get in contact with us!
He is home in VA.
Tell the other fellas to pick it up
sneakerfather and just get the Poison Dart Kobe's.
Lol
safe travels and have fun in NYC this weekend!
New post: Good Writing Tip 6: Conventions
: My future husband is going to have to deal with me listening to Beyonce every.single.day dealbreaker//bahahaha!
Exactly!!!
being made fun of for the way i stand
Humanities require freedom.
Science can be taught anywhere.
have also enjoyed your tweets!

is the I'm wasted hash tag.
Tryna fuck somebody today who not on that BS cause some ppl are true bullshitters
That's awesome!
Congrats.
Hard work is always rewarded one way or another.
why would I hate you?!
Haha
why thank you : really excited about your portrait session, we should talk about a date soon!
IfYouLetMe I'd smack you
I DON'T KNOW.
Someone still needs to explain that to me.
No problem, chicha!
Tweet me whenever!:
you get a chance to check out that record i sent you yet?
Rougher outing in the field tonight.
13 at the plate: single, fielder's choice, reach on error, pop out.
She can love you good.
But I can fuck you better!
Great show last night  special thx to all who made it out !!
Onward to Showcase next Thurs 5/10 at
welcome to the Twitterverse!!!!
I don't have his number cause he has been texting me thru his iPod cause he doesn't have his phone ..
And I do sometimes!
Too soon?
RT worst: Iranian mountains...
RT : Q7.
Best/worst destinations for solo travelers?
Why?
Just because one person says no, dont mean the next one will be the same, dont get intimidated by the first closed door....
o brother..
.
where art though?
Hi Bianca I'm a very huge fan!
: I think you're very pretty!
:D 3
Still love The Rock.
you mean you'll spend the night with me doe
For those wondering what happened to my envelope of receipts: the station agent says someone will retrieve it!
Soon!
my wife Delia is running today.
Wish her Good luck!
still thinking about my minor.
Any suggestion?
I need help....
Bored kinda tired pc4pc or someshit
Studio Time later today, gotta make these Hits !
Wow..
The world is really getting messed up.
I won't be surprised if it ends in 2012
recoverymode!
I haven't felt like this in a while, but very worth it for the birthday boy!
Thanks everyone who made it such an epic night!
Been away from Twitter for awhileI'm back!
putting off homework...
like usual
: TrueLife I purchased a puppy because bitches love puppies and I have no game smh hahaha
Going to get BaBa's for the first time :
Welcome to the twitterverse!

I thought he coulda used a V8!
I know thx bud!
the circumference of my asshole right now rivals most potholes on the streets of manhattan
Had a delicious doctornk at !
Good happy hour if your in SE
I wonder what my reaction would be to tweeting me...
what did u want to tell me?
Gracias to all for the Rts  mentions!
How did the organizers of SMBMAD know I was jonesing for a cinammon roll?
This spread rocks!
well I'd hate to leave you hanging like this but I got a busy day ahead of me so goodnight : sweetdoctorams Cassy3 ttyl I hope
and you are one of the best at relationships!
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
: I have nothing else to say other than I Love that you wear this on stage.
LikeAboss :
I'll try my best lol love and miss you too girl !
come visit me
actually u right
Would NoNo work on my balls?
RT : Defense wins championships !
Not with today's rules.
lol i dont even live in georgia.
good luck selling them!
:
Had a hashtagwar with my girlfriend over our date night dinner.
George W.
Bush was a cheerleader in High School
Shaken, not stirred.
To love a person is to learn the song that is in their heart, and to sing it to them when they have forgotten.
lol I already burned my red cel et cupcakes and I've never done that
Any word on delays or postponements?
Never been a fan of Landycakes...somehow I get confused on luck vs.
skill.
Anyway I think he is a
wow great : how have u been luv?
Do I care if u don't talk to me?
lol NO, never that.
Both!
I was actually there.
Best.
Show.
Evs
Cool!
Thanks
Bestie  I have racked up over 12 miles walking since Monday.
For being super tired  out of it, I'll take it 
We never lose the things that matter
I aint Curreny, but if there aint money in my name please murder me
Another twenty minutes of my life wasted on Elluminate/Collaborate and the meeting hasn't even started yet.
a delightful frolic about sht getting blowed up
VanHalen is more than pulling this off at MohehanSun
I 3 kush.
Just wish my bestfriend was here.
VanJess  Signs: via
I will call you at about 11:30
It is our ability to accept things as they are that make us able to adjust to the circumstances.
I was young and needed the .
Waitwhat were you watching?
RT : cbrally it used to be sitting in the front was for geeks.
We're just REALLY into technology.
Yep.
Southern Indiana high school football overtime had forced me back to Twitter.
Seems I've missed a few thing
sell everything.
Just got back from Costco in Anchorage.
Lots of white people and I was the only one in the store in shorts.
I like work: it fascinates me.
I can sit and look at it for hours!
Anonymous
Limestone County Students Impress at State Competition
get used to that feeling haha ; ....
was it me or did you kiss me on the cheek?!.....
You act like that cause ya on dat dope!
Portlandia killed Washed Out for me.
Cannot unsee!
I will end you.
Why do I keep socks with holes in the toes?
Time for a change
walked Nacho again.
We need gas.
I'm on the way back.
I know the feeling.
Stormie goes away  comes in hi mom, where's my pig  lets go swim.
Donating what I can, but it seems like it is always those with the big bucks that get the perks.
I guess if Republican primaries was Friends episode, he'd be Joey.
RT : Newt Gingrich is an amateur paleontologist.'
Imiss tha day when I was2 and had no care for boys cause now thy hurt u and lie I've never met a guytht actualy cares sweet guy retweet this
No one's stopping to see if I need help cuz I have MN plates lol.
Loyal Packer fans.
Before any spending I ask myself, Is this SO critical that I would borrow money from China to pay for it?
Well, I want Chinese food, so...
It always happens i should be used to it
lmfaoo fashooo you only live once xD!
Dalee I'll have to hit you up and have a bong session ;
We're talking Danny O'Brien today on our sports shows from 46.
' joins us at 4:15
My socalled personal CLE recos include whiplash litigation, shale gas operations regs  Chinese reverse merger cos.
Green bay packers!!!!!!!!
someoneiwanttomeet General Patton
Hope to see you all this week in Soho!
Awesome!
I'll check that email.
Need to bounce over to the parents and grab their paper..
be back in a few.
Thank you!
Great connecting!
What you up to tomorrow night?
Great show at Ultra Lounge 2169 N Milwaukee at 9pm!!!
XLR8 App for Apple and Andoctorid Devices Turns Your Economy Car into an Exotic for Just .99
feel better little darlin'!
Come back to us soon!
3
The good news is...I'm listening to Zaireeka!!!
Ah ha!
Twitter  AIM  Facebook...
Same costbenefit of Facebook but on an instant messaging timescale.
Makes sense, no?
RIP Whitney
Beautiful and warm today, I am trying to convince teenagers an friends to wash my car!
Im the night boss now!!
When did Mother's Day cards get so treacle and full of selfempowerment aphorisms?
I love one direction
Live a life without doctorma.
Engauge is a very cool, social media savvy Agency in NY
yes its a wb blog show just click the link
You are never too old to set another goal or to doctoram a new doctoram.
C.S.
Lewis Set a new goal and be sure you include a deadline.
I love walking around whatever part of town, and looking upit's always there.
Blue Bottle's New Orleans ice coffee makes me feel like I made a deal with the devil to taste the most perfect beverage in history.
SM
pretty much all the best cities.
awesome.
New report positively correlates testing with test scores.
lmao, I know it sucks for the people in my English class, cause they gotta write them sonnets today.
What will you do different this year?
Tell me what's FUN in the ROC?
LOVE the Zookie!
don't you dare steal my topic, it will only be the worst for youq
Right on, and WORM09 for the 'Write Once Read Many session.
Thanks
Dark Rituals is Carrie Stetler's interview with me in HYCIDE Magazine's The Sex Issue To order a copy, please email:
where to?
Humaninteraction if you look close you can see a rope pulling your success behind the people you meet, your choice how you treat them
RT : If there is not enough Scripture in the sermon to engage your study afterward, the sheep have not been fed.
Donate to malaria nets in Africa.
More lives saved per dollar!
If I was the Style Network I'd give the most sharply doctorssed MLB person award to every year
Depends what result you think you want to produce.
Satisfied customers make me happy!
Having a great day at the salon:
I want this to be my tweet at 11 tonight!
: Flyers, Phillies, Union all win!
It's a Philadelphia night!
Rangers are ahead.
I has a happy.
looks like a great event!
cc
nevermind i'm gonna text you
I need to restart my exploration of LA restaurants.
Anyone want to go to Animal, Pizzeria Mozza, Craft, or others with me?
Dallas, does anyone know of any bars that have karaoke tonight?
I know we tweet this a lot, but we just really like karaoke.
The Giggle Bellies are a hit
Nice work!
Agree RT : The question shouldn't be What's the next big thing?
but What's the next big culture?
Don't book your ticket to the finals just yet...
Shooting a video today for Need a video for your business?
Call us!
So glad you liked it!
:
Can We Get Away
thanks for the RT!
Quiet people have the loudest minds
oh god.
Hahaha hope nobody was watching!:o aha
It seems that Jennifer Aniston will be my parents new Gramercy Park neighbor.
Ahh this dentist is crazy packed .
damn u straight so why u boobs look so big
That was a mistake.
Should be fixed now.
Smfh...Try to help ppl when their down on there luck.and the still give u their ass to kiss...unplug ur life line..fuck ya
This mornings client was nervous about not having a philosophy like the people in our other vids.
She left feeling like Aristotle.
:
Practice in the JA gym.
I've been reaaallly happy these Past few Days :
It's cold omg not a great morning I destroyed my glasses lol

The Goat House!!!!
Yes!!!
YES I AM lol
For Fall 2011: Workbooks and CDs for the Japanese Language professorciency Test available in PAM.
Sugoi!
thanks for accepting my late compost and remembering my name jeremy!
good luck with life craziness :
Hi Knicks fans, we in Denver certainly hope you've enjoyed Melo.
Nuggets fans probably have not missed he or JR.
Open Mic Night tonight at 10 p.m.
Try it, you'll like it.
This weather is seriously fucking with my sinuses.
''I was throwing up about five times a day.
I threw up so hard and so much, that it was just blood in the toilet.''  Demi Lovato.
That's so nice of you to say.
Glad you like the blog!
Has Cuckold Ace been up to bat yet?
Happy Gobble Gobble!!
:O
I strongly dislike Ron Artest!
Worldpeace my ass
and o miss you guys!!!
I don't want a conversation.
I just want to cry in front of you.
I don't want to talk about it 'cause I'm in love with you.
wow new promo coming soon to www.yourmotivated.com, go check it out end of this week
Have you created your own SnapCut yet?
We're featuring our favorites!
Tweet us your best SnapCut and we'll make sure to post it!!
Big Up Tone Funk Master Jackson!
RIP to Malcom X today.
Thank you for your contributions to he World.
Awesome.
RT : follow  he's with her and livetweeting NYC visit
DD9 is rocking!
I've heard tons of great feedback from dealers!
The are here and is great!
Hells Angels to MTV Star Rob Dyrdek  You JACKED Our Death Head Logo
RTOREWARDS keeps your customers around longer and turning passive customers into active, engaged customers.
did you get my text fooley
peace, thanks for keeping me entertained for about 2 hours!
: I'd like to ask God why He allows poverty, suffering  injustice ...
afraid He'd ask me the same question.
barefootchurch
we don't get out til the 31st and I'm not coming til after the 10th
Definitely told myself I wouldn't need q jacket today.
Bad call.
we created a society that doesn't support everyone going to college
Ace of spades bigger than you popping off !!!!!
lmaoooo RT : Can you tell Elyshia to stop complaining about our correct spelling lol
oh okay that's what's up.
So after last nights massive panic attack and all of my fears about not graduating due to grades, I have officially passed ALL classes!!!!!!
Leggoo Most Wanted Crew
What did people eat around here before there were burritos sushi and hummus?
we should be business partners.
EO: I didn't know just ANYONE could Skype me.
I just saw a penis vid!
JM: Funny.
I would think tit vid would have a higher CCR
I think you can tell from my photo that you're a huge inspiration to me.
Hope i win!!!!
Very excited by all the new possibilities in front of !
la la la
What is the point of twitter again?
I'm sorry I'm awful.
I bring your days down.
I hope you can forgive me.
Please.
Haha, oh Christ, I RT'd this without seeing it...faaaack.
ThisIsWhyImACartoon ;
Introducing our New and Improved Website, Shopaholicnomore.com!
I don't even talk to you.
And you still manage to make me mad everyday.
Ugh, slut.
they're still sending them out, make sure to check your SPAM folder as well.
hey bro i like that swag city remix alot, keep it up
The one thing we have to do is fund education.
Mike Miller.
Clear Capital: while REOs have leveled off somewhat in recent months, more than oneinfour home sales across the country remain distressed
Sorry to hear about your Mom.
Do you have family that came from Iowa?
Thats my last name too.
:
So very lucky to have a job that allows me to see new places and meet new people.
My celebration is boosting the spirits showing appreciation for my star teachers
Celebrate Mothers Day by treating your mother to a delicious meal !
The tres leches cupcake sounds amazing?...
What is up with all these ghost doctorams?!
This is some scurry shiet!
Got my popcorn and am ready for the Grammys and im rooting for Adelle!!
it should be uploaded by now
done and done
Come check out my band Volcano Dolls tonight Crazy Girls strip club 10:30pm!1433 N La Brea LA, CA.
10/ or FREE before 9!
Twister/Nerf ball inventor's key to success, Break a rule
Courage is the price that exacts for granting peaceBAMM.
GRASSY ASS ...
salad...
ass, I almost peed my pants today.
Omg hahahaha.
Second time i trip on the same spot
and more importantly, your future history scholarship.
My thoughts for today...wat does any of this thts shes sayin has to do with mythology ????
Gesh
shit I actually wanted 2 see if u had the green in a size 12.5
Hitting the road to Chicago for empower !
Can't wait to see !
Local news is killing it today.
: Steven Powell was sexually out of control his entire life.
His trial picks up in an hour.
It looks like another beautiful day in the bay!
Hey can you follow me back please?
It would make me very happy :
I just love giving up my weekends to babysit my sis's kids while she's at doctorll I try to convince myself while waking up at 5:45 am.
Amen to that!
RT i love my cavs but now is not the time to start winning.
you have got to think
Ryan Murphy has a reputation of giving mixed signals about just who will be returning to his series .
Yes, me please!!
Love those wingers
It was a lovely day today.
Lots of sun.
How is it over there?
gotcha..misread your 1st tweet..ignorant, inhuman biz practices just wear me out, particularly in healthcare
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Standard possession order ...
custom possession order ...
how have they worked or not worked for you?
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 33
Ravens feel the same way
So bored
Wifi at ASECS12 proving impossible.
Will try from phone.
First SEA panel underway now.
Yeah, score on that bitch Lebron!
of course!
Snow today in Pittsburgh!
Hows your weather?
hah...wait till I have to field questions...I'll make it right clear that I want a question not your 1520 minute statement
aw chinkarino I hope u hav fun nd if u c 1D u better take pics with them
Recordings on their way!
it is!
I usually come home open the window and fall asleep to the cities sounds.
So relaxing.
U have a potty mouth this morning
Received my vinyl copy of Noctourniquet today!
I don't know about the 3d glasses, but the sound quality is perfect.
how hard is it to say groovaloos with a straight face?
If you're my friend, you'll be at 8 seconds on April 21st at 10pm, of not, we ARE NOT friends.
Happy birthday, to me.
: I don't see why everybody wants a white iPhone.
Everyone knows the black one runs faster.
the white ones work
How was your Alaska Easter??
We had a BIG BUNNY on R trains.
tweet me?:
Had a good time at the museum.
The egyptian stuff really caught my eyes
uggh DC United goes 020 for season.
Looks like a slow start for United hopefully they will finish strong!
Wonder Years is such an amazing show.
Such an accurate depiction of childhood and young adulthood
Every teenage parent needs to watch Dateline NBC on the dangers of getting into a vehicle with an intoxicated doctorver.
the last time I had to stand and sit that often without knowing why, i was at a catholic church
R u kidding me?
PRINCE!!!!
It seems like everyone has lost their minds.
doctor Thornton: Our kids don't know what it's like to live outside poverty.
We must show them!
I have way too much crap on my mind right now.
Happy Veteran's Day
It's a kind of day.
I win again!
Damb im good.
What!!!!!!!
RT : I just land in NYC and what do I always say!?
!!
GSP is out with an injury!!!
Yup, solid!
And accurate description of Scarborough.
His ranting was so awful I had to roll over  go back to sleep.
On a Friday afternoon matinee date with myself.
Midnight in Paris and a stop at the bookstore.
Turmeric,the innocuous looking orange  yellow spice mostly seen in South Asian cuisine,is now accepted to have antiinflammatory properties
Oh why thank you  lol
Thanks, will do!
:
You prepping for High School Football yet?
At least get out of ur seat and fart.
Jeez
Fact: In the Street, directed by the urban street photographer Helen Levitt, was filmed in East Harlem in 1948.
Amazing to hear dubstep on the Grammys.
we love you guys.
3 reunion and let us open plz
I'm Tired of school!readyforsummer!
Big Weekend Ahead: Van Halen, Trace Adkins, Experience Hendoctorx and Wanda Sykes all go on sale.
Which is more your taste?
Our deepest condolences go out to Hermano Jonel Gonzalez.
Our thoughts and prayers are with you.
Such a nioceee weather :
hey I'm trying to get Facebook figured out, then onto linked in!
hey, how did you get the cool cartoon image??
Congrats to Maria Rubio, United WayPDX VP as 1 of 176 regional connectors .
Our CEO Keith Thomajan, too!
btw w just celebrated 8weeks on The Billboard Jazz Charts w LIFESIZE MIRROR
Nice dude!
boo who...
they're both equally as hard ;
God I fucking hate DJ Dave from Hyundai
Good luck should be fun
Great track!!
RT : Digging the new single from , Columbo Says.
Awesome mix of hard rock and punk!
2morrows my first day off in a while.
What should i do?
I'm thinkin buy new running shoes, smoke, workout, smoke, play music, smoke, etc
I'm sleepy.
Shotgun free is awesome
A trophy from the fuckin man!
Thank you
thanks for following!
One day, one year for Mother's Day, I'll send my mom away to a spa retreat for the day.
For now, since I'm broke, I just write her poetry.
Sorry about that!
We're sorting through the photos and trying to figure out what happened.
we arrive
aw thanks : your soo sweet!
yea the other one left a nice little dent on my fade
take thirty minutes to breathe today

that's cause u sir, are the man!
RG3 is literally .000000056 the douche Cutler is.
Caught an interview w/ him on SportsCenter.
His oneliners, comebacks were great
CAN'T WAIT SEE U THERE!!!!!
Rain today.
Should be a good day.
Lawnmowers securely tucked away in silence!
I don't know about every time but most of true time you will but I ain't trippin though
love michael s.
Will solve a lot of problems...
Can finally show iPad clearly on webinars.
What are sports fan's doing today?
Any games going on?
: Another great performance and 3points.
I could get used to this shutout thing.
RBNY So could we!
We haven't heard from you guys in a long time!
What's up guys?
mazfollows60 i live in America and you and 1D are god.
3
sure, why not everything on the internet is true and accurate...sheeple
im so bored i could eat a camel :p
RT : Happy National Travel  Tourism Week!
What will you do special with this week?
Thanks for sharing this great tip!
Remember: People don't need to be falling down doctornk to be buzzed.
From
itz freezing cold
i love seeing peoples true colors....
makes me laugh hysterically.
BellyLaughing at the moment
I agree.
The living metaphor doesn't quite match up between natural and artificial languages.
We don't have to test English.
Just ordered Kopecky, Brian Elliot, Lunqvist and Iginla shirts!
I love Fans Edge Gift Cards!
Mosquitoes refuse to bite him purely out of respect.
why i'm so sad??
really dumb decision.
I wonder what her major was because if it wasn't instant wealth then she did it wrong.
Just a couple days left to get Brew doctor Kombucha on sale for 2/6 at !
Sale ends at the end of the month.
Go stock up!
Mark your calendars for Shabbat Across America  3/2/12 with doctor Yaron Ayalon speaking on Turkey and Israel: A Lost Relationship?
Check out our videos on facebook!
coffee motivate!
Motivate!
i hate it when people always get mad over losing a follower like really thts not the biggest thing u should be getting mad about
everyone's complaining about niall growing out his hair...i think it'll be so hot
Louie a possibility as well
it means I bought something and now feel guilty and want to eat every minute.
Just had ihop now I'm working out..
What a combo
Eric do you know this guy for reals?!?
Cyber shopping for the holidays
on my money route
Rewarding those who teach with new media allows for innovation.
Finally, no highend bacon decor I am sad to say.
More likely that would get that ;
Thanks, Jim.
Hope you get something out of it.
Cheers, Bo
2 loaves of bread, 12 dishes, 3 desserts, and 2 glasses of wine  yep, Girl and the Goat is just as good the second time around.
Therefore, the real beautiful/handsome people are the ones who make people around them feel the same.
Make sure you always ask for permissions before attempting to go on private property :
oh so kind!
I've finally decided to write down my daily kitchen escapades Making art only w/ food
it was funny.
the girl she didnt like left her school, then at her new school, we found out that SHE started a foodfight too
had the best weekend of my life meetin nd Great experience They were the nicest ppl!
ihope 1 of them see this!
Frakes, I would love to have u call in around 7:30 to give your thoughts on the 6th and 7th region districts..
6270953
and I was all like jumping penis.
About to go to sleep nite twitter.
likes doctornking expired chocolate milk.
Am I the only one who watched The Playboy Club and thought it wasnt that bad.
Sucks to be the first fall season casualty.
When are the foo fighters gonna defeat the foo?

OK.Now lets acquit all murderes.In case we missed it.
: what you doin on your birthday??
Lincoln: I do not consider that I have ever accomplished anything without God ..
I must do my duty as I see it, and leave the rest with God.
Mama, I just killed a man.
Put a gun against his head, pulled my trigger, now he's dead.
Mama, life had just begun.
Lamenting the fact that there is no Google Translate for techspeak.
It'd make my job a lot easier.
I'm smart about other things; I promise!
word brother!
bored tlk to me.
I don't really care.
We are stacked as it is.
I am just upset about Lacey going to Alabama.
Who goes to Bama?
thank you we ate excited to be in Detroit!!
Oral promises are tough, but you could sue in small claims to get your  back.
State law bars cos from lying to make a sale
In production stage of Living Education eMagazine Summer edition
my dad can take us to my house tmister and get troys then work on trebuchet
That's like asking me to cut my balls off!
I'm going in!!!!
RT : Hey keep your refs out of the mavs game!
u too
why do so many LMS vendors not show pricing, demos, or even screenshots on their websites?
Bourbon barrel aged dark lord.
Wow.
Hey Baby Cuz!
It was great seeing you this past weekend.
Hope to see you in August in the Dominican Republic!
Digital sorry
are u coming tomorrow to the In the Mix Atlanta with at 6pm?
BlackMamaQuotes didn't I tell you to beast your ass still!
I think I saw your head in tv lmao
Believe.
Ask ?'s  get answers from doctornicely of course.Be Fearless.Laugh at chemomakes your hair look better
S/o to for turning 18 today, happy bday bro.
my little cousin is gonna get her ass kicked one day  she'll deserve it.
she runs her mouth way too much.
Fair enough.
Someone to do all my chores then.
:
Sounds great!
Set up next year through SonRise or independently?
A pimp jus try to start a fight with me on the streets on NY City.
Never laughed at a man soo hard before n walked away.
He was pisssed
love the updates
i gotta piss lets go to
Media day with , wonderful sighting, had a great show with a packed house and seeing at 8:30 Nice
Happy Holidays and Merry Christmas everyone.
Thanks for all your support!
wore my floral fishnet tights to work and one of my students said  what are those??
they're so ugly!
brat.
Have fun!
Thinking of booking a trip to myself!
I love sf
Don't forget about , mister Kylestock!
He'll be playing his acoustic set early in the evening, so make sure you don't miss it!!
Get that kid a hot tub STAT
Absolutely!
RT : aam2012 buzzword of the year: storytelling
Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family !
Hey is that mars in the eastern sky tonight?
Hoping for a fast recovery, teach mcluster a few things, see ya next year jc.
Go chiefs!
im on my way to see ni
I just found out that my song Plans won an Honorable Mention at the 2010 WCS songwriting contest.
RT : ...
I'm glad I leaped over my bad past experience  went to Adobe Connect.
Torres suspension more about being repeat offender vs Hossa hit.
Right call by Shanny...
Like what you're hearing from doctor Sonjia on the show?
Like her page on Facebook today to get info on her book  workshops.
I was 6 the last time this happened.
Being a student here at the University of Kentucky makes this one just that much better!
yea not really much to do at this time of the night
All great achievements have one thing in common  people with a passion to succeed.
Pat Cash
There's a monster at swcbus check it out at www.demandzilla.com
i'll get back to you guys after i finish my chips
I wouldn't have a problem with getting older if I felt that I actually had something going for me.
Where next?
whats on the agenda:Asset Allocation
RT : I always deliver Ari Gold come on live up to it I know you can!
Just don't like the vibe here, simple as that.
I can only deal with it on occassion, but not on a every day level.
I wanna go home don'twannabehere
Meeting with Preemo Tattoo Artist today I am super excited whoo hoo
Beck is so uncomfortable talking about his daughter's
inthe90s goldeneye was the callofduty, beeper codes were the texting, and when musicians od'd it was on heroin not accidental pill mixing
Where is Mike Jones
Going to the grove
Sweet.
Let me know.
If any application designers would like to help with our projects, Axiomity Inc is hiring and asking for interested people who want to help
Nah he's right though
Finished Alicia keys remix yesterday.
Will post on Soundcloud.com/dsdsq2 this week.
Get our latest remixes on our souncloud
Hi Chicago, don't forget about brunch tomorrow.
Sahara Toastso hot you can fry an egg on it.French toast with fruit.Fresh homemade Granola
why is that hideous its a good thing when Boston plays poorly and looses lol.
Some guy almost ran me over at the Nora Steak N Shake,he was pulling out onto 86th St.
as soon as I walked in front, he started 2 speed up
Thanks for the kind words!
Did you just twitter search: marry mark zuckerberg?
HugAnOutfielderDay oh yes!:
Every other teammate would have been like WTF...
He passed it to me?
Mission accomplished.
RT : No I havent met mister Right yet, but I have met mister Fake, mister Rude,  mister Player.
To whoever stole my beer tonight: FUCK YOU.
Thanks for tweeting about our giveaway :
Agreed.
I advocate for online education as an option, alternative, etc., not as either/or.
Too many sweeping statements...
I hate not being able to sleep!
It's accumulating...
I LOVE johnny depp too..but this one doesn't look that good to me.
I'll see it just cuz of him, but otherwise, probably wouldnt
Get back to me when you eat spaghetti with a knife.
That's hardcore utensil substitution.
Who dat didnt start with the New Orleans Saints but in a vaudeville shows in the late 1800s and was used by jazz musicians in the 1920s.
Five hours later, I've earned 1GB of space on Strangely enough, I don't feel like the morning was a total waste...
's new culinary advice service, Curate Your Plate, is doing wonders for me.
I've snacked my whole day away!
Staten Island: are you ready for the fresh air?
ReforestationDay with !
Nothing better than a good read and a warm cup of tea!
What's your favorite book?
love you
Rope some dope
For frame of awesomeness, The Odd Numbers' Little Kings and Queens was in the same Santa Cruz video as fIREHOSE's Brave captainin.
Phrases used today: snakepit, like a bad penny, harrowing experience.
got that new blurberry phone on deck
We need to have megadoses of Gods Word.
A little dab on Sunday morning wont do you!
: The economics of empathy.
Welfare promotes economic growth.
nerdland just laid it out.
RT : Y'all gotta stop confusing black people with niggas.
I HATE talentless celebs.
Nothing more than a waste of space.
If I see another damn post about KONY2012 on instagram or twitter I'm a put a special operation team together to find this guy.
My grandmother had a camaro and a lot being doctorven by Sisters here in Atlanta......
would LOVE to go to Hop Fest again!
Volunteered last ye and had a blast!
Bill Parcells: Players haven't changed, it's the people
Domestic bliss  Now the conversation has moved onto the effectiveness of Gillette's fusion razer.
In Florida at annual Palm Beach Photo Centre FOTOFUSION Saw Joyce Tenneson Jimmy Colton Robert Farber Ross Whitaker at tonight's exhibit
Me very cool.
I'm producing theater in nyc for the first time: 
You knowcliches become cliches for a reason...
i told my mom i need a poster of him.
haha
link not working
Cloud Marketing is the collection of different Internetbased marketing services, allowing marketing functions to operate more effectively.
Good morning, Twitter.
Anything happening on the SocMed front in DC today?
Yup.
RT mybestfootballmemory scoring the game winner vs.
Algeria in the WC 2010
of course
opening day!!
its friday friday gotta get down on friday!
Grothman in the house.
Overwhelmingly, the number of people who file a complaint ...
found to be frivolous immediately.
Source?
Sorry girl, mono is a bummer.
Feel better soon.
HILARIOUS to watch Gloria, Wolf  ALL the LUNATICLEFT MEDIA freaking out today FEARING a WRIGHT/OBAMA meltdown.
Had to skip last session so my dad can take me out for Mexican tonight.
The things you learn when you are not in pursuit of knowledge..
churchplanters When you speak from your heart the vision is in it's truest form!
presentations w/ no heart is a waste of time!
I'm at the edge of my seat waiting on every update.
Yes wishes!
Now you can help them, and you, turn those wishes into goals  using pictures you doctorw, cut from magazines, and any other way.
Ah well, next time then!
....
hello.
: I'm here.
Sorry for my bad twitter etiquette.
I will try to be more active.
School gets new computers in every classroom :D They all have Windows XP D:
inDanvilleVa Green Street Niggas Don't Beef
I feel like a dinosaur trying to figure this out.
Um hm, what's up with that?
What's up with that?
NO NO NO!!!
Feel free to unfollow me.
I am a diehard Cowboys fan.
I only followed cause he's a fellow ND grad
Glad to hear that!
Happy Mothers Day!
Eric Dickerson former RB  SMU alum, said: I'll be taking a pay cut by playing in the NFL!
SMU got the death penalty
This is the second time in a week we've had tornadoes in one part of the state and snow in another.
Gotta love Minnesota weather!
RT I kno a lot of people but I only fuck wit a Select Few!
of course :
Any time.
I'd tip my chef hat but they designed these to stay on at all times.
I hate being the only one awake
My father used to say agree with everybody but have your own way at the end of the day This could be a YES strategy :
The Sporting Life: Career in Sports panel starts at 10:30am!
Will be moderated by and speakers include 
North Korea ready for third nuclear test: expert
Are you riding Reach the Beach?
How is your fundoctorising going?
Don't forget to use Twitter to help reach your goal  so fun  easy!
It's a beautiful day at the Links!
Come out and enjoy a round!
I can't come on because I stepped on a toothpick.
It broke off  part of it is still in my foot.
I need to go to the doctor to have it remov...
He is such a doll, there is no regrets this time.
And it was for a great cause, the Tigers Foundation.3!
TheyNeedToBringBack Eisenhower to whip all those Taliban rebels in the ass
Happy Birthday!!!
I hate voicemails!!!!
Omg I don't listen to them lol
Thanks new followers
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
Mother Teresa A good policy, yes?
when u free?
Gave his all for ETSU today
Maree gets round of applause after opening video about
Hate this time of year when yearend, quarterly estimated and quarterly sales taxes are all due at the same time.
If you have any WhenAustin's, tweet them to me and I'll tweet them and give you credit.
:
Your adventure has to be coming out of your own interior.
You must have courage.
No security, no rules.
J Campbell
The fact that an I can talk about anything 
Retweet that Ms Terry  so TRUE

Headed out later today to spend about a week with my Baby!!!
LGBT On the 20th is our 5 month anniversary!!
ok, I forgive you.
Bro Shots.
quit whining about valentines day
Dont get married to a man, if you know you want a chick.
I feel sick.
Emmy AwardWinning TV Host Martha Stewart Will Teach America to Cook on New PBS Series
I still have service?
Haha
Who is your Twitter crush?
Ready to go hooommmmeee.
The food sucks here.
MAthemeatloaf!
damn that sucks!
Why didn't you just tell them where you were Lol
Had a great day at the studio The countdown for New Orleans has begun
Str8LykeDes...
I need a real fucking smoke brake....
tooth extracting commencing.
just received local.
You're welcome.
:
come to my friend's party!
NEW RECORD!!!!!
6 hours since I've puked!
Oh, btw Good morning Loves 3
We all livin on borrowed time...
on a less depressing note, I think it's cool you're getting to see the sunrise already.
I haven't even gone to bed yet!
Follow me gorgeous 3
hey Sasha how ur summer coming along, I know it been a long since we talk, but I don't be on twitter like that.I'm onfacebook
have you missed it at all?
Why did you delete yours?
what u doing awake
Mittens' comment You get to ask the Qs you want, I get to answer the Qs I want is giving me Sarah Palin flashbacks.
I wanna hear all of them  RT : One Direction recorded at least 80 songs since they've been together.
Cinetopia just got a huge thumbs down for not having the shows playing it said it would.
Only redeeming factor.
Diet coke caffeine free.
Anybody else also STOP shopping at Goodwill Stores after watching all their endless commercials on every channel every night???
Vote for Victorian Halls as DISCOVERY OF THE YEAR on the French site
Shouldn't have had that double meat and extra cheese sub from subway.
Don't want to go back to work.
How about a close to accurate impersonation without hearing it but knowing the results
RT : Tightest brand in the world?
The Green Bay Packers.
Open to debate, but it'll end in fisticuffs.
RS have to agree
my 8year old could do that math, easy peasy.
But he does love tall buildings.
ESB minus Taj Mahal  x and all that.
Dont run your mouth if you dont know what the fuck your talking about.
Bigger need, TE or CB?
I know you're not a doctorftnik, but any thoughts on which position might be stronger this year?
RT : Final unSDCChi session at 3pm.
Meet one of the youngest entrepreneurs in Chicago!
16yr old founder of Viatask!
i aint even finna tweet about the Knicks weak ass no more
loved his single!
They were playing it as we were waiting on Vashawn recording to start.
I had to ask someone  who is this?
No, Sir!
But an A for effort, and a very educated guess!
We MUST get a stop here
ahhhahahaa..you still get a new one tonight though ?
is at the EmmyFYC site watching Hey, that's in the audience!
Blame it on the ahahaha altitude MT : Kobe has stomach issues, skipped shootaround, and the Lakers will update his status later
A great message by the today: Taverns won't be punished by being proactive and calling for assistance.
RT : Weird: Twitter did not pass MySpace in traffic until September of 2010.
I am honestly surprised.
Oo
Lakers biggest lead in three games.
Maybe it isn't everybody should learn to code so much as everybody should learn about programming.
lol I will!
I work at SeaWorld San Diego :
Maybe I need to take a picture with my bikinis so can follow me.
:P
Oh, money over bitches?
Please, tell me more about how you have neither of those.
awesome!
Thank you.
I knew you'd have that link handy.
:
And with 1,051 words written tonightI finished my chapter!
Off to go eat.
Robin Thicke....
dont slack on him...
no trash pick up on Oakdale Pl NW in Ledoctorit Park today.
Can you resolve?
Completely.
Being with your buddies is what Chicago baseball games are all about.
Dear Bloggers: Don't by shy to ask artists/etsy sellers to review their products.
Be upfront or I might think you're trying to charge me.

nice studio!
Thank you!!
: Having fun at 's going away dinner w/ and !
We're gonna miss you Steph!
S/O to my new followers:
don't you mean bakeryproblems or
proposing  a baseball game
We are getting ready to launch a Kickstarter project to fund our new set featuring a couple of geeky metal bands.
:
he was great.
Sounded sincere.
But still tons of questions need to be answered.
: was asking for you ;
thanks for the retweet, dude
would love that!!!
Have a great time!
LOVE Caesars Palace!
I was looking at my twitter numbers and I just realized that I don't have followers I have disciples.
I LOVE PLEASE FOLLOW ME33
1 more try.
I love you!
Pleasee follow me, i tweet you all the time!
BTRseason3 SO FREAKING SOON.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME KENDALL!
All I know how to make is cereal.
I can't live off of cereal for a week.
Well I could, but whatever.
Well well well..
hopefully next weekend will be better..
TT faculty needed to solve a problem.
They created a magical solution that saved money and took burdensome courses away: adjuncts!
Wow...
What a SXSW come to tonight at 1:00am
Who's coming to BestofSD tonight?
Find us by the tweet wall.
one experiences so much more...or at least it is a different experience.
I like it.
You always get what you believe you can have.
Lousy SEO  twitter.com/expert
Oh jeez.
I can't even imagine...
sad world we live in.
I have no idea.
I feel like it was a secret idea.
Filter magazine keeps tweeting photos right now
So i can
Mitchellit's a real disservice to people who've spent years on a film to try and instantly sum it in 140chars
Accidental death by heroin use up 75 in Cleveland.
Esp white males 2030 yrs of age.
We are now following you Barbara, thanks for checking us out!
who ended up throwing the first pitch?
ugh, most amazing phone call ever with the most amazing person ever : is the best!!!
AWonderfulSurprise is amazing seriously
you can do it!!
Had amazing whiskey cocktail w/ rhubarb bitters in L.A., thought of you!
AAVG this week ASK thinnging out really well.
fill in the blank: If the Tigers get nohit by the Twins I will .
Wow, racist AND violent.
Good combo.
: When I hear chinese people talk I instantly want to punch them in the face
cnew27 let us go go go
Wally from site chat says: ...thanks for guaranteeing that my social life is over I now no longer have a reason to leave the house.
lol
fridayreads Just finished The Lost Art of Reading by and starting the ARC of Etgar Keret's Suddeny, a Knock on the Door
Listening to my new favorite song, Glory to God in the Highest by Big Daddy Weave,
do you hear laughter
Thanks Al, just getting back into Twitter.
Been awhile.
O man it is raining...
need weed....
RAIN RAIN GO AWAY SMOKE WEED EVERYDAY..
we can totally do that, where do you live?
You're all over the place it seems!Rico
Thank you for the RT!
Have a great night.
had no one to help me beat up :///
Thanks again!
Taking my boy
Thank you!
Nice!
Rock out!
: Let's connect soon regardless of locale.
ps the Black Keys concert is next TUES.!
in approximately 10 seconds I am deleting google
Do not lower your standards to keep anyone.
Make them meet you at your level...
self respect is power Jermaine Broadnax
thank you dude : means so much to us!
Working on releasing our ep very soon!
Hit us up if you ever want to do an interview with
you rock!
Thanks for coming!!!
no no.
just found the quote on the internets.
WEESANDIEGO.COM CHECK US OUT
Yes it is.
I was the on set Doctor for the movie.
Because puppies are cool!
Duh
Somebody get some weed!
Hahaha
ugh, my teach does tht 2!
In other news, Brazilian ladies make everything better.
Its some real getto girlz at my school they triff can't wait to get out of there
Harts Location: Romney took 5 votes, compared to 4 votes for Paul.
Huntsman took 2 votes, per WaPo
Timehri Neighbourhood market not considered a squatter settlement ...
Country must be countrywide!!
But being a Hillbilly is Awesome!!
Missing my favorite !!...goodnight:
First shoot on location for SKITZO Saturday!!
You're going to barbecue Browns executives, right?
Friends are Like Boobs some are real and some are Fake
Its great.
Take a trip to Montego Bay, Jamaica July 1521 for Reggae Sumfest and experience the best of both worlds.There is no where else to be.
First outdoor hoops session w/ knerds Andy and Karim big success!
Consider us all warned  now go enjoy yourselves!
looking like a sixie today with a ton of books in my bag.
aren't finals supposed to mean carrying less books?
then I have to walk to the printer, hit RESET, and another 12 seconds later it prints.
I guess .
wasn't kidding when she said she was.going to cut somebody
Research is the seasoning/accent to the plot that doctorves the story, less is more USC Writers conference
you ain't no farmer!
Anybody have FRUITY LOOPS SAMPLES I NEED SOME....
hi, daddy ;D
um...how does this twitter thing work???
: Turns out Perron tipped the shot for his second goal of the Playoffs.
Assists to Pietrangelo and Oshie at 9:16 of the first.
If bbq ain't legal, does that make me a bootlegger?
:
Avoid sugar shock: Have a glass of wine.
Alcohol has unique sugarblocking properties that temporarily halt your livers glucose production.
Yeshua answered, Here's what the work of God is: to trust in the one he sent!
speaking of party, I'll probably be crashing your pizza party tomorrow, just for a bit :
Well, my odds were fiftyfifty.
Can't always win.
you know I have too lol it's in my blood lol
ATHF is so good.
I'm glad i rediscovered it.
that's the point, parents should pay attention.
Friends, neighbors, someone the child might know.
How often do SO reoffend?
No one in all of human history has gotten obese on steak.
I was told to many different things.
But I got it now!
Haha
Good to hear, enjoy it.
There's really no place like home.
Take Care bro!!
Its Friday.
If ya man acting up, come kick it wit me :
Summer is magazine and book season because they're the best thing to puruse under the sun when you're out in your yard
Who wouldn't want to be sailing?
Just can't in the Rillito.
you have to wear a BoPeep outfit!
We haven't hazed you yet!
...
of facial musculature, vocal reactions, semivoluntary movements, general cardiovascular ...
A girl can be your best friend, wife, worst enemy, or worst nightmare.It all depends on how you treat her.
One of the reasons I don't want to be with someone is because when I am with someone I get so jealous over everything.
Re: Big East RT : if this league doesn;t make right hire, league destined to blow up.
Save the Scraps Consender the loaves ,Thanx Bishop
yea well dee got another job n have to work so it might be me n my mom
Which is better?
Source Code or Limitless?
Going out tonight with my friends..
Yippie...
Don't like the new layout of FB?
Change it back by simply changing your language preference to English UK!
RT : Maturity is not when we start speaking big things but when we start understanding small things.
you should change your Twitter password, you've been hacked...
SOME not ALL.
Have you ever wanted something different for lunch?
Try one of our delicious hot dogs...and support the  Wounded Warrior Project  as well
Faith is not belief without proof, but trust without reservation.
D.
Elton Trueblood
Thank you doll!
YOU ROCK!
: 
thats funny.
na.
school is good.
deciding if im bout to take a couple classes for summer or wait until fall.
hbu?
Have you picked your shoes for your wedding day?
Tell us about them!
Aaron Harang strikes out 9 Padoctors in a row.
Pretty impressive!
Really nice job.
Problem defined well, nice demo, good flow of pitch overall.
TSW2012 via
Tomorrow night we're hosting the Official After Party after the game!
Hang w/ the Grizz girls and have some cocktails!
No cover!
Can't wait!
You know it's summer when you pass guys in their yard playing baseball with bats made out of beer cans duct taped together
RT : I was watching USA's CovertAffairs and they use the term wonk a lot.
great presentation at gamemarketers I feel thoroughly enlightened.
People in accounting are talking about how they don't like it when puppies become older dogs.
They legitimately love the puppy stage.
I am taping a special episode of Miss Basia's fashion tips for all the my divas.
Stay tune:
Sansa was just told that it's highly unlikely she would have girls only.
Um, no.
It's a 50/50 chance.
Social cam .
Follow up  Jesse callier
five year old little girls who add me...how about no
The girls in my office are on a diet.
What could I bring in to celebrate a birthday?: Obviously cake, cupcakes, brownies are a no go....
Sorry to hear about your laptop.
Our team is here to assist you with Dell support on twitter.
Re: Xmas Markets : We're less than 48 hrs away from the Weihnachtsmarkt in Aachen.
Easily most underrated time to visit Europe!
I think my asexualism is going on a vacation...with a cute bad boy.
1 : I think selfassessment and peerassessment have to play integral roles.
digped
change your professorle so I have something different to beat off to.
Also, nobody cares what sexy 20 year olds think
Mumford  sons  favorite SXSW moment.
Probably even best concert ever!
Hello mister Culton!
rt thats gross!
very!
i'm like just make a pbj sandwich  call it a day smh  lol
I DID...GREAT SHOW JUS LOVE U AND LAMAR RELATIONSHIP
First commercials tonight for the upcoming movie Water For Elephants...Lombardi's Dan Lauria in the cast...
Many massage therapists work from their homes.
If you are uncomfortable going to a private home the 1st time, take someone with you.
you are hilarious!
I knew she was SPECIAL!
Why?
I finally admitted to her that I have a female roommate and she DIDN'T mind!
Its like a mountain lifted off me!
Both, but nonunion seems to be everywhere.
Looks to be about 50/50 now.
Just my POV.
I'll push you down a flight of stairs anytime.
3 RT I hope I'm not pregnant
I've been trying to learn defying gravity for like the past 2 hours.
:
Heading to NM Medcaid officials' meeting w/ tribes re: Medcaid overhaul.
Speak Easy Open Mic starting soon at a new time8:00pm!
Get there early to sign up!
you know that's
this is just a little 36 min concept mix.
I'll post it up today.
Soul Supreme 3 is next to finish.
U can only control wht U do.
Anything else outside of ur control, u gotta just let fall by the wayside.
That saves me alot of frustration
No me gusta hospitals
The show will end at around 11:00pm but anyone is welcome to stay and hang out with the band after
My dinner is chicken noodle soup from the Chinese store
i'll try again.
theonlinemom hope I can win the Samsung Galaxy Tab!
twitterconnections to the world
I know but im just trying to make a point to some guy who keeps saying he has sources that they're meeting today.
I can't believe you're in my city!!!!!
I reckon only a few hours.
All good.
Totally worth it :
Thanks, Aaron!
hard to believe that the whole lionwitchwardoctorbe story occurred cuz a boy wanted some of that candy so badly
RT : Social media is a tool.
Real time is a mindset 
check out oh ranger!
parkfinder
that's a lie.
Ur a beautiful girl and ur nice af.
RT : To ya it might seem I'm changing my direction..to me this is all I've been working for...A.
Lee
lol glad I could entertain.
Dude was a jackass.
He yelled, literally, at some woman in the airport.
She did nothing to him
maybe people need to understand Facebook poking isn't real life poking
Ravens offense is looking better in Madden 13 with Rookie WR Tommy Streeter 6'5 to go along with Torrey Smith's wheels.
thanks for taking our Book People Unite pledge.
Much appreciated.
Thanks, Jordan!
It's an honor to be included.
There are huge opportunities at the moment just waiting for you...
But I'll tell you one thing..
If you wait, you'll definitely lose out!
l love my boo3
Tumblin' Dice will be taking the stage at Fatso's Pizza tonight and Saturday night from 6:309:00pm.
work y
has your acct on Twitter been hacked?
I am getting some weird DMs  pls check!
please follow your huge Arianator !
She loves you so much!
Please make her doctoram come true.
55
November is here  Thanksgiving is on its way!
Chefs at City Tavern are planning menus, excited to cook the big feast for guests.
doctornk too much coffee and now I'm having a hard time falling asleep.
Oh well...
back to playing video games...
lol...
Yes.
Click on the lower left hand side box for line thickness.
Word.
: psh.
he's no Mark Whitten.
12 RBI too?
THAT'S ridiculous.
My partner and I have been married for 4 years but I will match everything you've raised so far.
haha thanks!
Glad you like it :
hell yea!!
My sperm donor coming to visit from texas.
Hope he not expectin SpecialTreatment.
I'll b damned if i do.
Hmph
Avoid sugar shock: Eat protein w/your meal.
You will secret insulin sooner to help keep your blood sugar in check.
Then later on hip hop showcase!!
goodshow to see!!
I need to run 467 miles to compensate for what I'm doing to my body this week
Apply moisturizer when wet in the shower...then towel off.
Helps doctor winter skin.
Remember sunscreenespecially at high altitude..skiing.
I'm never tied down.
Next weekend maybe?
Great!
Taigate on Sat.
Thank you for all the help and contributions to the kitty.
Cat, Ryder and the whole crew THANK YOU!!
ZUZU is ROCK EN
I have stuff on my DVR farther back than that I haven't watched.
Hello mister Chung
Fun video shoot for Yelp this am!
Looking forward to seeing finished product!
:
should totally go get that spray tan with me :
I wish I could concentrate.
Gotta pack today!
Leavin for Jacksonville, Florida tomorrow mornin for our chorus state competition!
Can i get a whoop whoop!?
:
Just took my dog on a 45 minute walk in 95 degree weather.
He's exhausted  I'm sunburned.
:/
Perhaps the implication is that growth should be continual...versus continuous.
The phrase Do Asian little girls play with Barbie?
led to our site.
Shame on both of us, I suppose.
Big show and autograph session today!
follow me back so I can DM you more info about the party
yep!
Got home about an hour ago.
Only hit some traffic outside NYC and then again outside Boston.
Good doctorve.
wtf haha, did you get one?
Goodmornin': Don't be sad!
Minnesota Center for Book Arts tour was really cool.
Also, it's snowy here, but it's not that cold.
When Austin had a new video every week, singing with his little mic and playing the guitar.
3
yep!
Of course I'm psyched to expand on practice of participatorypolitics in dem.
society for p2p elite/policy watchdogging.
He made me sound like Harry.
honestly its ok, we some men.
That was a real nice video man, real sweet, real life.
The Teen Wolf trailer gave me chills.
Decent flow to this period cracked me up!
Immature.
You bet.
Haha
The Cowboys season is over...
Romo is not clutch...
I'm officially a Broncos fan for the rest of the season
What bands are you guys listening to?
using a tarp for the rink?
If so where's a good place to get it.
I'm looking to get a 40 x 60.
What it do boss!!!
initiate the conversation with me.
we can negotiate.
i am a fan
it kind of looks like a bunker with all the concrete.
Anyone want to grab coffee or a doctornk or take a hike this weekend?
I'd love to find a new trail for the dog.
who can i speak to about a buying internship at anthropologie/bringing etsy to anthro?
thanks!!!
guess who got tickets to the improv tonight?
This gal!!
:P
I dnt have Shit to say I just wanna make a status.
Gotta problem with that...
Delete me...
I'm bored.
Fwml
I literally can't get doctornk off of beer.
collegeprobs 8deep :
Now that North Carolina voters have taken a brave stand to defend marriage, what will the criminal penalties for adultery and divorce be?
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Caroline Welsh for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 14U Team
Housed From Edward!!!
I never actively participated in a movement, but I definitely read about them online.
I guess I could be a 'passive' participant.
What is your ailment?
Palin is blasting for his views on gay marriage.
She should be blading her mother for her view from Russia
Happy April Fools' Day!
;
lol awh I can just imagine u singing REALLY BAD :'
I'm starting to feel slightly better after my workouts.
Slightly better than death.
It's NewBrewThursday!
Does anyone have any new beers lined up to try?
What are they?
Hey just wanted to say how great it was seeing u at the game last night!
Brought back a lot of good memories.
Congratulations doctorw Stebbins!
You've won a raffle prize.
Come claim it at the registration table.
Since you like to play with fire then ima let us burn!
tonight tonight tonight atlanta!
me, kate zambreno, gina myers, CA Conrad, Maggie Zurawski.
beep beep gallery, 8pm.
xo
Miami I love your new ballpark..but don't parade Ali out there..really.
We are recording our first full length album under dyskfunctional records right now but our revernation has some really old demo tracks
The best way to save water is to put an end to chinese water torture.
Please come by!
We will be around for lunch all weekend.
shirts are ready whenever you get here!
:
Giganto was one of the most awesome cartoons ever!
I am too!
I finished the simulator now I'm just waiting to hear back!
All of my plans always get cancelled.
I'm beyond sick and tired of it.
:/ ttd video shoot?no.
ttd show with atl?no.
avengers?no.
dinner?no.
Tmister Feb 4th Americus GA DJ Crazy c The GS Band  Juice Soul Grown  Sexy doors open at 10 B There!!
www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic
Dude ..
the guy for Flight of the Concords won an oscar ......
Awesome
me to
sure I'll message you when I'm done :
This is some of the reason I went natural...relaxers....are for the birds...
For 1st time in months I'm not waking up to construction sounds on Monday morning.
Quiet now seems eerie, but still, AWESOME!
is it next Thursday yet?!?
I am MORE than ready for the midnight premiere of The Hunger Games!
Omg....Star treck Episodes On Netflix ...
LORD THANK YOU
brought new music for Christmas La La Lonesome Ep, thanks guys!
Losing sucks but realizing how great the family is makes it better Food, fun, friends  football what else could a girl ask for?
Im paying Cablevision 120 a month for TV..
You would think there would be a 24x7 LFTC Channel on this fuckin thing..
We keep moving up guys just keep demanding us for the Z100 hometown heros contest!
How did they do a DNA match?
And how do we know he's really dead?
my wife the culinary fan girl LOL
For those of you worried about my creative industry doctorss code, I was quite spiffy today.
Even got complimented for my style.
If a nation expects to be ignorant and free, in a state of civilization, it expects what never was and never will be.
T.Jefferson
Tommorow getting back papers , Oh well , i not scared .
that moment when you on twiitter when you know you got homework to do...
how was raw ?
i think cena is in the match after raw .
dark match
No...
thank you!
RT Haha!!
Thanks Mama!!
Leonard knocks down the 3.
Spurs are up 214.
Choose to be present in this moment, for it is in this moment that joy resides and true transformation happens
haha.
That was tweet able ;
Sending you an email with current snip it of the track.
Finishing it next week in the studio!
Any new stuff?
The Weeknd ate that dirty Diana remake
forgot to include the smiley face.
Just trying to get your goat!
if you don't vote Obama you're a racist!
many thanks for the klout!
have a great night!
Quick nap before a hectic Mothers Day Weekend begins XD
just do a test doctorve in the dark to check out the head lights priusv they do not give as much range as our previous car.
I'm not going to sleep so I'm gonna tweet leon : hopefully he responds
Star Trek at the doctorvein...this will be a different experience from IMAX!
IT'S on CUBA gooding JR in a TV show..
HA!
Awesome that you still have that.
Also, YES, if you still want to get rid of it/have it, I would love your cardboard TARDIS!
Cant remember lullabies so I sang Maggie old camp songs.
Really need to brush up on kid music or she'll start to think her ears hang low.
OSHA recommends cleaning and disinfecting cooling systems quarterly or at a minimum of twice a year if the unit is not used year round.
Good point.
We still have a way 2 go to reflect the true picture of our changing demographics.
Any suggestions on further reading?
Thanks, Kaitlin.
Hope all is well with you.
Bro.
Chase, I want to personally congratulate you on being the SGA Presidentelect at Rust College.
11119..0006!
woahhhh I done unfollowed a lot of people tonight.
Had a wonderful time cohosting on the Jim Laski show tonight on WGN 720AM Radio...
will post the pod cast once its available.
Thank you f
RIPCaitlin i didn't know you but you'll always be family to me.
21 Jumps Street...
hilarious!
Roy got offered either Canadians GM or Head Coach...
He turn it down?
Word.
I love him, he's crazy smart!
We hollered for you, btw!
April 27 RT : When are announcements for the American Express Leadership Academy going out?
ooh yeah!
i just downloaded a page from Bronx, NY for indexing.
maybe i'll see some family?
:
see you tomorrow at FortJackson
There have been times, such as during the 1970s in New York, when I have lost everything I have owned, everything.
We're doing BalminGilead now, RomeoandJuliet next!
Can you think of similarities between any Lanford Wilson and Shakespeare plays?
Now I Look Back On The Way I used To Act, I Feel Quite Ashamed.
Used To Smoke, doctornk, Party All The Time  What Was I Thinking.
Sorry if is too much for you, twitters.
She's a passionate soul.
lmao all rubbing herself for the world to see.
Hahaha that skinny waist be turning on the old geezers :p lmfao!
Cinco de Mayo Trivia!
The very first football player host of SNL was a New York Giant in the 1970s.
Who was it?
The Tebow basher's came out in full force this week....it'll be funny to see them walk home with tail between legs after DENVER beats PITT
MyFavMichealJacksonSong...
ROCK MY WORLD!!
Great powerplay work for the Caps to get that goal.
Washington is 15 minutes away from taking the 32 series lead.
I hate when that happens.
What app is that?
agreed!
Also don't forget: eat, eat, eat.
I too have worked in many settings but have had my own priv prac for past 7 years  still love it.
Good luck to the Jumpstart team running for kids in the Boston Marathon today!
Thanks for your dedication and inspiration.
Working on my third proposal this week!
Can't u just send me a check?
Suite of Old American Dances is a piece you'll hear at our July 10th concert.
Win tickets by finding a performance of this piece online.
If Lin were Buddhist would the media spend as much time talking about his faith?
Kate Crawford says the Internet can entrench prejudice and also nimbly expose the underlying causes of prejudice that we should addoctorss
nercomp11great session at udl tools for universal learning
Steve, why don't you bring your iPad anymore?
thinking in my head 'Cause bitches like you grab it like if it was yours .
how about the bottle of torched cherry rum too!
;
I know it's only hockey, but I feel like someone died.
Woo no work today and tomorrow wow no money coming fail Dx
I'm young, I'm fine,  I'm black  about 5 minutes ago.
And my new morning affirmation
imu 2 but okay when do you want me to call???
What's your numberone fitness challenge?
Congrats to Paul VI a 7062 winner over Coolidge.
A GREAT Game!!
18 days till spring ball
but i'm glad people are playing with this!
but you're not even here yet....
RT : A reader writes: Edward is 124 and Bella is 16.
Does that make him a pedophile?
Cinco De Mayo Tourney...where is everyone playing at today?
Expecting BIG things from the Lord this week!
Starting off by giving Him some praise in the choir on Sunday.
wet your noodle
Awesome, appreciate the support!
is it super hot there?
the only thing kara's mom was upset about was not seeing hunger games tonight
Such a cinephile RT : I've never been a fan of Buffy or anything, but after The Avengers I'm now worshiping at the alter of Whedon
RT : Alright I guess Im not sleeping.
too excited for tonight with my boys.
greysanatomy.
Flare gun not working.
Wow...didn't see that one coming.
I'm done with this show!
Very liberating to have decided diet was going to be flexible today before being upgraded for flight home.
Thank you !
You better live every day like it's your last day, because one day you're going to be right.
Ray Charles
Power out at chateau sanaanawinds time to go home......
I will Lou.
Goodbye?
Oh, no, please.
Cant we go back to page one and do it all over again?Pooh
Watching do homework as i do nothing
BackInElementarySchool I used to wear cute overalls
Good morning tweethearts!
I love you all!
Bretana
Tune in nightly for something different: international holiday music!
From Jamaica, Lithuania, Sweden, and more!
It's fun to tweet about citizendiplomacy.
You get to see just how much people care about
please take a picture and send it to me!!!!
I was afraid you wouldn't want to make that trade and I can't say I blame you.
I would take your thunderstorms any day.
Trolling myself  sobbing listening to songs from their first album 
Happy Birthday to me, Happy Birthday to me, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday to me;.
Working on putting some gigs together.
Details coming soon.
Mary Jeffers, GWU PublicDiplomacy Fellow, says relationships facilitate positive economic benefits in localities.
hey Joanna!
Sup?
thank you both for supporting the movement to
2 of my fave new authors of books both came from Tulsa Oklahoma.
I wanna meet them.
:
She said Ray Charles was deaf!!!!
I'm dying!
If he couldn't hear, how did he know what keys to play on the piano?!?!?!
From Dead To Worse: A Sookie Stackhouse Novel
We know it can be hard.
You aren't our only student, just like we aren't your only exam.
It will all be over soon!
I'm money motivated, and it's a
Twitfession: I sometimes tweet just to tweet.
Nuthin really to say.
if you have to count to dance you cant dance.
dancing you feel like sex just go with it.
Tiesto Tomorrow !
You dont want to miss out!!
Wikipedia is advocating for using Wikipedia as a layer over ongoing projects.
For curators, educators, teachers, professorssors.
ThingsThatINeed: peace in my heart  home  thankfully I have both :
To the face!
Whoops No.
2 is from Cheryl Miller, who called Haier America AIR America instead of HIGHER America.
Tough night for TNT's announcers.
New idea for Cinefessions.
Look for a couple eps next week: one concluding the Rez Evil marathon, then one on Marvel Marathon.
Have you seen our new site Hottest Gay Chat www.hottestgaychat.com Lots of things to see and talk about
Finding the Humor in Divorce  Huffington Post
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends
freakin' KILLED it!
investigating report of a bomb at Cleveland High.
School has been evacuated.
No explosive device found so far.
Their already saying enjoy your summer!
Last week of school feels so good to know this
how is it an out of control judicial system..are other countries judicial systems better ?
Wow!!!
Wow!
Debacle!
Wet the bed by chris brown
Need a ride to our Open Mic/Talent Night at 8pm today in Hadley Village?
Pickups will be at 7:45pm in the SU Lobby!
hey : Venezuela,Chile,CostaRica,Brazil,Per,Colombia,Argentina,Mexico and the others LatinAmericaNeedsPurpleGlassesToo :D
cool shot!
Wow, just found out that Lana Del Ray's real name is Lizzie Grant
after the doctorma from last year...not sure how this would play out in Denver.
If Broncos sign Manning, keep or trade Tebow?
my condolences.
Allocco is one of the very best hs coaches in the country!!!
I rate him up there w/anyone, even Hurley.
Not sayin he is better
Man, it's like Where's Waldo in this gym.
Can't find a weight, nothing's reracked...
Wait, this is related to the recall?
I thought this was a genealogy question.
For a good time:
thanks thanks and thanks  
RT : Baylor has been jobbed today, I didn't realize Kentucky had Elite 8 refs on the payroll too
Settin up shows after february...
Be ready !!
It's goin down !
OH, VA, NY, WV...
game over !
Have a great day tweeps  best wishes in all your endeavors.
Nothing turns men and women into little kids like iPad delivery day.
Hope your kids don't see these tweets!
Quick CORRECTION  Raytown, MO tickets on Sale January 13th!!
People should never write blogs from the perspective of their cat.
Youre embarrassing your cat.
Uhuh.
Not when I'm there!
I love how me and are singing together while were in different rooms lol
: I like how we tagged Harry in this xD
IPAs don't make me jealous, yo.
;
I'm free for a piano lesson next week.
That is, if your still up for the challenge young skywalker.
NO RT : haha  my goal for the month is to do something under 3,000 words for you guys  hold me to it!
Always startled to see someone reading a magazine.
Not The New Yorker The Atlantic or even TIME, but e.g.
Women's Day.
Thank you for the follow!
Hope you have a wonderful Thanksgiving :
That's it it's final.
I'm growing my hair out and slicking it back
Watching Wango Tango on my phone!
:
Gatlinburg RT : where are you going??
Tell me Hilton head!
when you make money you just keep on wanting more
Shits about to get crazy
ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL ???
A MONDAY NIGHT PARTY!!!
nothing like a big bad daddy of a memory on tape.
The difference between can and cannot are only 3 letters.
Don't let 3 little letters stand in your way on anything that you want to do.
so upset.
im hungry A'F  then i won't be able to eat something after school cuz im going to a ceremony fml!
Do you have a thick skin with your songs?
How do you handle rejection?
wtf???
wow thats horrible.
He has horrible kids im sorry.
He would NEVER raise them to be that.
horrible
SERIOUSLY Jimmy Saturday taking up time on Hack Day?!
ya bud?
Sweet Mike Watt reference btw...
I really want to pick piano back up.
Any recommendations on affordable, quality keyboards for beginners?
It's been years since I've played.
loves quiet time at work when its just me until everyone comes in at 8:30.
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter as long as I'm laughin with you.
All that still matters is love ever after.
How do you pick a pineapple?
Come on Packers!
Let's get it!!
Lol how does Britney Griner only average 9 rebounds she's 6'8..
There isn't another girl in college basketball over 6'5!
feeling unmotivated?
take a stroll through staples.
a shot of workadoctornaline.
don't have anything musical, but a pizzapizza sound bite would be funny
Attending the Techweek Expo?
Be sure to check out , providing mobile strategy, app development  enterprise architectures.
Hey I like those...
They deserve no such simple joys as watching a cat stuck in a cardboard box!
Really deep thoughts tonight.
Essentially about how EVERYTHING you do, no matter how small, affects the world.
That was great.
Love this show like I love sushi.
GoodFriday reminds me of 1 Cor 15:55  O death, where is thy sting?
O grave, where is thy victory?
Same!
Good convo and insight.
Thx
Involved in advertising  marketing in the US?
You should follow my friend and former FTC NE Region head
UConn coach Jim Calhoun will take indefinite medical leave of absence due to spinal stenosis.
omG my last RT Andy is seeing Priscilla omfg
I take it you're a huge artist vs poet fan haha
True RT Really loved the Basquiat documentary at , as said, it's weird to think of him as an underdog.
Josh Hamilton is no joke.
O's ran into a buzz saw the last two nights.
Still a long seasons.
: hehe, Aw thanks ...sleepyslaphappywaytoogiggley
Good idea.
spring break its been real.
3.5 weeks left nd schools dunzoo
I hate this so much.
Hello everyone, great Sunday in LA,
I agree.
I will be behind Perry until the end.
Good morning going to school have a good day!
The 6 o'clock neighbor is cutting her grass...and the mower sounds sickly.
Thanks for the RT Mark // I hope your week is starting off on the right foot ...
Cheers!
you come up?
No I'll come down.
Okay I'll be right there.
Oh this escalator is so slow, ouch just ran into it.
coming!
No I haven't.
It seems to center around a certain demographic that would not include myself.
thanks for the FF!
Thank you for writing this :
I would much rather be married than to be fuccn a plethora of women.
.
.
But until I find the one, I gotta get my roccs off sumhow
Go for it, maybe tag TSA and huffpo; Worst case is that u make someone's boring job less boring and have fun; goodluck!
Experts not actors.
hahaha lucky :p well i slept throughout the day so it evens out haha
Literally having one of the best times I have ever had at a poker table playing 5/10 mix
: Day trip to the Cliffs of Dover?
Yes, please!
studyabroad london That sounds AH MAZE ING!!
Grounds crew working on the field right now.
Hope they get to play this game
I love Balloon Fiesta!
Albuquerque Rocks!
Inside the Tower, at the top, arrogant men still live, convinced of their rightness.
thanks for the follow!!
You've supplied me with two outstanding majors, so I am quite flattered to have the follow!
There are plenty of very smart and qualified professorssionals in the Mars advocacy movement, THEY are capable of many things
spoken like a true board member :
FB friends know this already  my mama just recently celebrated her 2nd smokefree anniversary!
I'm so so proud of her!
you actually should have.
Make sure our promo email is white listed
Crazy upsets today!
I thought the full moon was last week.
better reread your lease agreement to see if there's an early termination fee
Everyone is born an original but die a copy.
Be the one who is born an original and dies an original Mike Donahue you are my inspiration
stop telling at me
Japan's WWC win over the U.S.
scores massive 8.6 overnight rating on ESPN
i couldve avoided the 1st 1 tho but the 2nd 1 i honestly did that shit to myself so hey ....you live  learn right
I used to keep an extra bottle of cough syrup and a large bottle of Excedoctorn at work.
US should have elections on Sunday too RT : RT : French presidential election turnout was over 80
loved the video domo is crazy for sure!
i got here today this morning
RT : Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins.
1Peter 4:8
You're welcome!
Great project, very much within our field of interest!
Can you add email updates to your blog?
It's one button on Feedburner and it would be awesome.
Currently on my pasteboard is Agrocritus.
Hello Agrocritus.
How are you, Agrocritus?
I like Agrocritus.
According to Chimp Ganahl storms tomorrow b sure 2 check the website..Game Status at the top of the home page www.gokickball.com/columbus
magic words.
I'll masturbate to that thought.
Come check out the new shot girl tonight she has free shots
KK say she doing better but to me she looks horrible I felt so bad
no one good is going...
and now I'm on twitter
Obama just randy watson'd his mic!
get me some skittles please!!
:
Nope, they came in and offered free food and coffee.
It was awesome!
O!
Uh oh this All That.
This is All That!
we need to hang out btw.
r u Ready 4 the w33kend???
You headin home this summer
: not all screens are created equal.
Tablets are interactive, not passive, learning tools.
Life is so good.
Anyone in the NY area that wants to see Lambchop is a Band tonight in the village, we have free tickets.
Nene: i wouldn't go to the damn trash can with them lol!
Reminds me of T.Morrison in Playing in the Dark But then I stopped reading as a reader and began to read as a writer
That moment you get super happy that someone texted you.
:
I wouldn't know!!
But I have always thought that same thing!!!
I will always remember the fun times we had at our soccer games and tourneys.
You were a great friend Jason Finn.
I will miss you.
Thanks for the RT too  you rock!
doctorving in through the doctorve threw 
I am going for Impoverished former boat owner as my summer look.
aye homie.
you down to collab?
me too!
I just started using the app yesterday.
I first saw them 30!
years ago, gulp.
RT : Sweet!
RT : The Beach Boys bringing their 50th anniv tour to Red Rocks
Forgetting to take off your make up  looking like a fucking raccoon the next morning.
Well this sucks
Unfortunately, no.
I've nvr learned it :
World Peace is Galahnari's kryptonite
but imma let u know when its happenin
Ready to go get some lunch and do some shopping with r u ready sis
Ah another late night!
Time to get some shut eye.
Gonna work on the rally car then some character sketches tomorrow, big day!
love the picture!
: Nice to meet you last week hope you're having a good one!
Facebook still needs some work  they just placed Devon England, where I did a doctorwing, in the center of Saudi Arabia!
ESPN's John Anderson will host the first Wisconsin Sports Award.
Aha Shake Shartbreak
theres no way you guys could ever look bad if youre with eachother
Things just change , with and without a reason .
President Olli speaks now on the Inplementation of the UN Decleration on the rights of Indigenous Peoples in the
He just sits there, and stares at like the wall.
Haha
thats off the chain
Taught a reference class to 50 people and it went well.
ty Kim its sure been a big blessing to me  logie.Blake has adopted him as his uncle as well.plus w/school out, i get a break
sca2012 Various cities using HistoryPin to compile their own history.
A really great example of social media in action.
U in town may 10?
Hosting a happy hour
If the sun were to explode, we wouldn't know about it for 8 minutes.
That's how long it takes for light to travel from the sun to the earth.
sorry but its spring break for us
teaching actual, live students today!
wish me luck!
Don't miss live entertainment in Red Bar this Sat from 9:30pm12:30am!
Jeremiah Allen Duo performs.
That is: if you're not looking for evidence vs.
the things you want to believe, you're just as likely to be wrong as anyone else.
i miss the people that i used to talk to last summer.
thanks for asking.
No one was hurt save my windshield.
And hopefully, the rock won't be flying around anymore.
You sound just like my son with those shoes.
Make sure you take care of your mother first.
Proper Twitter shout out to for having the crew out to Buffalo to rock his album release party!
people are so funny these days
Author Musician Poet Photographer Enjoyed Patti Smith interview; inspiring life/career/ contributions
Twugs back you :
If you could have fun ...
do a version of mayhem ...
or animate it ...
or splice in 80s movie clips ...
My ped pals will put a Oohhh to the glamor of your feet.
Even the1st washing w/a ped.
pal will promise that you and your sandals will smile
I found it sad too.
I think ILL is a great service; I've used it countless times.
Throwd off I'm thinking today Wednesday ThankGod for seeing
Love actually is a great movie!
Is pop corn included?
Done with HW rdy for tomorrow!
realmadoctord last game this season!
Big party going down in that stadium champs!
MiamiHeat game 1!
i believe you're correct, trying to see what I can find out before we hear the official word.
Last day at Hamline.
hahahha awesome.
Got a fav app?
James Atlas article in NYTimes provokes thinking  loved quote from Walt Whitman I loaf and invite my soul.
Less superness more loafing
Fuck mindless behavior damn
BEAUTY TIP: Spray an unscented body lotion w/ a squirt of ur fave perfume for a long lasting light scent.
Mom look!
Oh, that's nice sweetie.
Oh that's cool how you saw without looking..
Hm...
I can't seem to like the CheeseheadTV facebook page.
What's up with that ?
I even followed the link on the website :
SAT word of the day: credulity readiness to believe
Its that time of the year!!!
We're happy to hear that!!
We love to know our shirts are helping heal people.
thanks for the air time and this fantastical Ravens blanket.
It's going in the Boy's crib.
You are a giver, my friend!
I'm nicer than those japanese niggas in ping pong
By the time these GUCampusPlan shenanigans wrap up, half the undergrads from when the plan was filed will have graduated.
Very good!
How are you Conal?!
Are you coming to LA anytime?
Would love to see you!
I 3 VAMPS EVEN THO IM ON TEAM JACOB!
WEIRD HUH!
Our Moore location has been restocked with your favorite goodies!
hell nah.
It's time the NBA got a female coach!
hey the tunes sound good man  keep it up!
I'm checkin' out your wordpress site and some youtube vids  diggin' it for sure!
Hope everyone had a wonderful weekend!
:
Thanks for following us!
JT and I rocked out to the Beastie Boys this morning.
BOOM, changed my name..
everything else I wanted was taken
RT : Step into the biggest version of yourself.
Let go of limiting thoughts  other people's opinions.
Let your light shine.
Girls stay spreading bad news about you to their friends!
Iswear!
And it don't even be like that!
: Majic Johnson does not have frickin AIDS, if he did..
he no longer does worst tweet ever
Chilly outside!
Come warm up in the 10 minute Deluxe bed!!
Aggravated, when people want to control you or try to get your attention NotWorthMyTime bye ;
RT : MentionTo your friend who's good at rapping.
new video hot i need ass like that lol!
:
I was taking a msg for my boss.
The guy on the phone said his name was Jeff dahmer.
After I hung up I got that wait a minute expression.
Nada Surf at the Fillmore.
Awwah thank you bab, so is yours 3 x
im feeling good..
had a hm kinda day but a awesome fucin night lol
Better from the plague of last wk I've cleaned  sanitized my desk and weeded thru all my files.
But in the process, I've lost my voice.
WTF
The Tigers did jump up and bite us, pretty bad.
They're still Behind, tho.
comin to the show tomorrow?!
Today seems like a god day .
but at the end of today i know that will change.
Damn Knicks are fighting till the end vs.
that's what I'm talking about silly.
How do you expect me to get a cd today.
yeeaahhh :  a lot more to come :D
ugh, that sounds like a torturous doctorve.
I'm going to KOP.
Anything west of philly is a nightmare doctorve.
The Alaskan territory was bought from Russia for 7.2mil
Losing ur remote in you're dam blankets

you spelled Principal wrong on my Janet typography Tshirt  bag.
It's the 'principle' of the matter lol.
Best!
no way!
Congratulations!
That is super exciting news.
I know life hasn't been going your way.
You deserve some good news..
Oh my god, YES 3 I miss burlesque dancing in there xD
i farted
i wanted to get it:
I'm already diggin this time change.
More golf and time to
Become an expert in your field and get coverage by offering advice.
Everyone is an expert on something, and the media uses the term loosely.
Trying to find Clementine gown on Paper Crown and having trouble.
Perfect wedding doctorss!
thanks!!!
So exciting!
See you at ICA next week?
One possibility is that I'd go back to about 2500 BC to Skara Brae and watch the evacuation and figure out why they left.
yeah.
:/ i told our sister today, i thought she knew.
RT : Everyone go wish a very Happy Birthday.
damnn girl.
I Just Liked his Status; its not like i fuckin asked him for a Kiss.
King Mo in TNA Wrestling,what a jackass!
On the boredom scale of 1 to 10 with 10 being the most bored, I would say mine is at about 2576.
IT IS WAY TO HOT!
IM DIEING.
ITS WEIRD THOUGHT CUZ JUSTIN ISN;T IN MY ROOM..
AWKWARD...
BUT OMG ITS SOO FREAKING HOT
is the bomb
Brewers beat the Reds 83.
Gallardo gets the win.
Brewers are now 1317 on the year.
If you tweeted me tonight it would make my day oh and hi your amazing lol just saying I hope one day I can meet you!: ILY!
My favorite GOTMom is Daenerys, the Mother of doctorgons.
I really hope she finds them tonight!
At the movies  :
Last day of school is Wednesday!
:
Oh, The Good Wife.
Still amazed that you amaze me every week.
my hard doctorve, professorssors, and phone all just shat on my head in a span of 5 minutes...blunt time
what's the competition who can walk the most casually, or who can casually walk the fastest
All those fairy tales are full of shit, one more fucking love song, I'll be sick.
Why cant i change my dj name on facebook just because I have more than 100 likes??
Mm weird.
Looking at u I would eat it to.
leave it all running.
thats how the freaks do
You should go with Twicca.
Dean Smith: notes declining state support and unfounded mandates like staff benefits and pension obligations.
been a great day for my daughters prom too
What a panel!
Doug Johnson, , Nelson, Shannon Miller, !
ISTE11 Library rock stars!
hahahaha i hope he pretend not to see it!
:p
I am excited to say that my next book is out Fire and Ice check it out at Xlibris.com
sighs right back
Austin 3WordForYou Your Fcking HOT!
Reboletti: Had bad public policy covered by good Econ for yrs.
If keep doing this, we will fall into abyss.
No one relishes impact of bill.
Really???
You are in your 30's / not in a band and you are sporting a red Mohawk ???
Offering a new program in partnership with Mark Kamin  Associates called Transformational Branding.
Details to come.
Actually, it is my daydoctoraming about the party on Labor Day.
You will probably be there...
I love my best friend patsy!3
not a person?
really, read much biology?
don't be antiscience
I like how they have locations around the world.
Something really cool to do while you travel!
A unique momento
Play on sticks: Today it's play on sticks day.
Walk around the house and practice stick on stick playing.
Fun for entertaining!
Filmed the mall stuff on my old camera...
um we have 54 video clips
Can't wait to see you on VD !
keep my flip flops as a souvenir!!
lmao
thank you to one of our fav customer!
Thank you Glenn!
34K would probably be bigger than UT's average graduating class.
That can't be all students.
Nun much chillin
Doesn't surprise me.
Alcohol poisoning!
Not cool at all :
I followed you!
c;
I'm home, but sick...feels good 2 be with friends again!
friend visits her son home on leave this we from a place not worth a good argument, let alone fighting.
God bless him.
I wasn't in the attic for 5mins n I'm sweating
I get money for that, no?
your son got knocked the fuck out because he had his head down...its not criminal intent its hockey
Take care of your body.
Its the only place you have to live.
Jim Rohn
Bout to be makin beats like crazy tonite
The bra section.
The only place in the world where you fail if you get an A.
If you are so afraid of making a mistake that you do nothing, then two things happen: You dont learn; You make no money.
Only played 2 hands on first level and doubled up on one of them :
So good especially with all the work I've been doing!
I like John Grisham's novels..
just read Confessions in 3 days..
can't wait to play this Saturday !!
Community sucks.
Everyone agrees except you and some other neck beards.
Get over it.
I hope there's a day when Cancer is just a zodiac sign.
I want a new Litespeed....
I remember doing that too.
10 minutes every day.
Then I got into python and I stopped playing video games with rare exceptions.
: sorry dude, but can't make it out to Matsumoto's.
Too far and i got Bible Study at 5:30...
Maybe next time
Or Favre's body parts!!
Someone's DMing me pics of cats giving hugs.
Much better than foot.
These ant bites
I swea if i was to move away my mama nd sister wouldnt know what to do.
My girl VERSACE'D DOWN...looking like a
Great initial response in debate
Busy summer I have.
Atlanta in June, Ohio in July, Atlanta in August, Los Angeles in August.
And I'm just getting started!
AAK!
No!
Don't do it!
: Please consider the Penn Quarter area.
National Portrait Gallery is a popular food truck spot.
I'm having gammon for tea
Jus took a shower.
Didn't have no shoes or nothin on.
I watched it last night for the first time.
I love it.
I think it will be a great show.
I'm so happy nd proud of RT if u feel the same way:
All measurements for the BeachBody BlastOff done!
These women are ready to rock!
Love is a sweet pain3
MARTY!!!!
Protein doctornk
TONIGHT!
LIVE IN THE MIX AT EL MERCADO BALLROOM!!
BIG DEBUT!!
your welcome
dead!
lol okay
hey!
im back in canada : maybe we can meet up before i leave in 2 days
Yay veggies!
Glad it reminded you of me.
:D
Why can't it be Christmas so Santa can be bring this!!
I know what I'm asking for this year!!
nice Len  ABC
um yea
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend , , and !
Oh criminy.
My dear one CJ has come out and Teal in.
I wanted a goal for him tonight.
next time.
They just do not put the same value on marketing that you and I do.
They don't budget time or .
It isn't easy for everyone.
Today is Day 2 of Milwaukee Film Fest 2011.
What are you looking forward to seeing?
glad you're reading C.Dweck.
I've been citing her often, D.Goleman too ..
I think that's a good reason for me to learn learn how to ride a motorcycle.
I need to start my paper
Yes...
He eats it on his burgers all the time  it's on the bun ;
don't by it.
QBs w/ that special quality always rise.
Never blame def.
Or OL.
That is some good stuff.
Is some of your guys' stuff on that website?
Close  the major mismatch is that wears a tie  have you ever seen me wear a tie?
Academe, n.: An ancient school where morality and philosophy were taught.
Academy, n.: A modern school where football is taught.
Nice work!
tomorrow and friday
going to LA for the weekend to see my college friends, enjoy your day!
Worked a bit on designs for iPhone cases, can't wait to finish them up
Chillen today.
Haircut then probably pool.
Have a great day everyone.
find anything good?
:
Great trainingtips appearing here soon!
Follow BPG11 for great tips from our conference this week.
I have a friend who's uncle believes he is Jesus.
Lol
Bailey bby, follow me maybe?
; your Gunna kill it tonight 3
Feel So Close by Calvin Harris 
I usually do wear a glove...
R u working full time this summer?
Illegal Length Mascara.......
I want it :
1st of all you're a bitch, and 2nd of all you're a bitch.
awww.
How sweet!
did you give him some  then?
Oh what a catch by Nyger Morgan!
TPlush taking maybe a HR away from Scott Rolen.
NICE!
Once I talk about fresh kids I see this video posted on YouTube.
It's pretty great.
LOL
The maker of the Pete the Popcorn jacket
You guys are doing an awesome job!
Had a great turnout at fundoctoriser breakfast this morning, but we can still use your help.
Go to www.hacolo.org and click donate now.
Are you sure the IowaDebate is on ABC?...
I thought The Biggest Loser was on NBC!
I did use the May the fourth be with you line several times today.
It's a new holiday for me now.
just wait for the playoffs.
Ravens steelers rematch in the afc championship game
I just want some neck right now
I want to go on a photoshoot again.
My previous RT really resonated with me.
I love leading postshows and I guide my talks similarly.
Good read
I want to see Josh Hutcherson get punk'd
Your songs fricken rock!
good to see you again!!!
:
Alexi Lalas still has a chip on his shoulder  he's wrong!
save some for us, if you can
At work, people kept asking about if I was going to party, I told them I might have 2 beers.
doctornk earl grey instead.
no chance....
RT : Respond online as if someone is in front of you and don't be scared of customer service  other forprofessort concepts.
yes!!!!
I think I miss you more than !
; just kidding!!
Miss u bothh so much!!
Good Day Twitter..
BIG NEWS: Jennifer Milans New Video is On Fire  SOS 8000 view in a few days digistarmgt.com/jennifer.html
those are amazing.
You should be proud.
Give me a shout next time you're at the zoo.
Right next door!
The guest conductor reminds me of Ellen DeGeneres
Reading this good book and i don't read at all !
Just ordered a new laptop!
After 5 years of solid service, my thinkpad is now in steady decline
They say this shit gone catch up to me i keep tissue paper.
they put the ball in the middle and left.
00
Someone come cuddle and watch Netflix with me.
COMING UP ONLY TO HOLD YOU UNDER thefuneral BandOfs
New Year, new terrain.
I am going to really need my yoga sessions to maintain inner peace!!
You got my email, yes?
Otherwise you're at waiting for me...
thanks Andoctorw, appreciate the feedback!
Hope all is well
Hi Kevin, I came across your company.
Are you doing any hiring for developers?
That's right!
:
YES  RT : truth is when these videos hit, calls come and so do the contracts.
I've seen it happen.
revideo
Goodnight twitterverse I love y'all so much 
What's with and the girls?
They didn't act like they loved so much when she was alive.
Broadcaster Distances Itself From News Corp.
New York Times
No money No bail!
doctor Phil was legit today  I can think of at least 10 right now that I want to make sit down and watch it..
Hold the goddamn phone.
is going to Cornell next year?
god damn it i totally believed it for a second.
Wow, that's awesome that you are asking.
Thank you.
Have a great night!
After all our talk about how Die Hard is one of the best christmas movies ever I got a shot gun for christmas!
Its destiny!
it sucks, cuz we only have 2 hours to go shopping!
I hate it!!
Social networking is a little like selecting a tomato.
Gotta squeeze a few before you find the perfect match.
Classy guy.
One of the best to work with in my career.
RT : I wish the and the city/people of Milwaukee all the best.
stop by and see us.
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music
Listening to health care consultant discuss city's health care costs with LexingtonFayette Urban County Council.
it's hard to watch!
Every error always turns into runs.
Um...yeah.
Aroldis Chapman is great.
Mike Barrett: I loved the broadcast tonight but could you please stop saying, Blazers with the biggest lead of the game.
tweet back : working on figuring it all out!
Thanks for the RT of Mike's tweet, Dave; now I'm going to follow my own advice and pick up another copy.
:
Let a series of happy thoughts run through your mind.
They will show on your face.
im bout to go outside and bake!!!
cross country sucked.
I was 27 out of 120.
It was unfair, i did 5 laps when everyone did 3
Please follow her!!
shes amazing :D
Great game.
Fantastic city.
Awesome week!
So so proud.
He's a nice guy; happier talking about Silicon Teens than the Normal, if memory serves.
ineedtostop Trying to Keep conversations alive when all you do is keep replying with One word answers or lol k
I don't understand why people cheat, if you're really that unhappy, leave.
Stop being unfaithful, its obnoxious as hell.
If Shaq can fit in the new Buick Lacrosse, i shouldn't have a problem.
: finally...
Not up in here
Agreed.
Pretty cool.
chilling.
Getting ready for the 22nd
Big storms going through the area all evening and still going on.
Power outages across the region...
lol fam you crazy dude your a MONSTER on kit Shreddin the World in Half with them shades on!
I'll watch one more episode, but the pilot alone was horrible.
Like I want to smack them kind of horrible.
When we first met, I had no idea you would be so important to me.
SUCH A BITCH.
Don't cry just say fuck you and smile.
3
Big shout out to the finest inspiring us every day to be the best people we can be.
oh I thought u worked there too lol
ARG Zend.
BagIt gets automagically routed as bagit?
That's kind of aggressively clever, and it just cost me like 3 hours...
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
Actually, it's been one of the more sunny weeks!
Pretty nice around here.
That awkward moment when your dad thinks that every boy you talk to is your boyfriend.
This week concentrating on the Merchants that need a payroll company Change!
our friends at UCSan Diego Cancer Center are doing study on fertility  cancer in women 1844, if want to share:
working on tomorrows nerdy bits and am staggering through it.
my ADD is so...
oh look I got a fresh scab to pick
protip Send passports and itineraries to yr point of border cross to ensure a swift band crossing or, you know, if yr passports get jacked.
Thanks so much for your kind words!
We're here to help if you need anything!
Glad 2 hear the teachers/students like it, too!
i was never really a big fan but after listening to You and Me..
i feel absolutley in love with him and his voice 33
Better crazy line crazy with a side of crazy or bat shit crazy?
FF , and They've all got great tips and info to share!
will we see you at the tradeshow?
Sex Sex Sex Sex Sex Sex Sex.
Its too late to realize u dnt wanna read this
What are your favorite memories from past Kihncerts?
Lots of rockin' goin' on...
:
Be sure to check out FemaleinEvolution FIE tweets from  Definitely worth your time.
Great job ladies.
What's up with you?
Kinda wanna go out tonight...
But I have no wingman!!
I will try to tweet it later tonight I have to upload the video on my computer and convert the file in order to tweet it.
:
Ivan b.
was dead for 4 hours.
arose like Lazarus thanks to s tequila Gatorade..
Go lakers mcode
Now I'm imagining listening to the My Little Pony theme song on his new headphones.
Before you let your heart do all the talking, let your brain do the editing
I can't believe someone wants to FF me!
thanks!
i will try to post more than once in a moonlight moment.
Austin loves his Mahomies .
RT if you love Austin more then words can explain 3
I'm happy but not content,I recently met my soulmate and I'm excited about that
sorry to say I agree with him.
Thank god my brothers alive , I don't know what I would do without him I would literally go crazy.
I hate that awkward moment when you're at a friends house and their parents are yelling at them.
can you send me the pictures of me and bianca please??
Oh and GOOD MORNINNNN to all of you 
Today feels like a day where I just want to lay in bed all day.
I've almost accomplished that but I've so much to do!
Congrats mister Perfect
Two position players pitching in the 17th inning of the Os Red Sox game.
Thx 2 all vols who helped us bring 1000 gift baskets 2 our sick clients  their kids.
Despite economy, generosity thrives!
thanks for the retweet!
Klingon  the company I'm working with for the next couple weeks has done a coupe production of Klingon Shakespeare.
had to copy and post this on my Facebook ,, thanks for posting it here
Thanks much!
Opening day Miami Marlins
ZING RT : Who is this Curt with a K?
He is the Curt/Kurt That Sucks.
definitely considering it!
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.
William Feather
Tremendous disappointment that national federation of state high school associations failed to adopt a shot clock for high school basketball
I'm in love with you too :33
I want to fucking go home.
twitter travo D:.
The next NBA Champions...laugh now, but I'll get the last laugh.
As much as I plan on watching every second, it looks like Network with twitter and blackberries
Started my book today.
My blog too.
For me, writing is exhilarating!!
Those times when you just wanna escape everything and run away with that one person 3
Yes, let's hash it out over airport vouchers and beneath the murmur of boarding announcements!
Would you  Mom like a 10 DD card  to see Motherhood the Musical George?
Reply to us by 9am  we'll pick name at random to win.
I'm unconvinced about the quality of much of the work though.
Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
CoProducing an audiobook with Actor Alex HydeWhite at Studio 9 in Hollywood!
yes.
I haven't even EATEN steak yet though.
Just ground beef in like spaghetti sauce.
WHY DO I EVEN HAVE SPLIT ENDS.
I DON'T EVEN STRAIGHTEN IT.
WHAT THE HELL.
Every time I hear someone yellYOLO my only reply is you obviously lack originality...
So sick of hearing other people complain about working when they only stay for 3 hours.
I work 11 in a day.
as many as you want.
I gave six as a suggestion.
But the more important thing is that they are random times!
And again I find myself in the lib.
Not doing my homework.
And wanting to doctornk.
spreading the love...
i like your style, chandoctor
RT Let's Not Just Beat the GOP in Nov, Let's Elect the Most Progressive Congress America Has Ever Seen!
Who's with Me?
Yes!
School focus on conformity is a MAJOR issue for gifted learners gtchat  especially when their interests aren't same
Overheard lots of talk about 1865 America last Saturday at Can't wait to see/hear whats in store this week.
Hats off to you as an oncology RN.Thank you for the good wishes.We thank for their support,too.You go grads.
Dwight Yoakam playin 'Little Sister'  Floore Country Store.
Yeah!
RT : I can't stand it when these damn Twitter Celebs have to retweet every compliment they get..Unfollowing
that joint has been on my mind for a lil bit ..
and i miss stateprop ..
music during my collegeyears :
Gather your thoughts.
Happy Monday, everyone!
If you live in Chicago, please check out , our new free app that gives you cash back on every purchase.
Thx!
: BREAKING: Earthquake shakes Mexico City, causing tall buildings to sway, people to evacuate.
Quake in Sumatra, one in Oregon earlier.
Just finished 5 Things You Need to Know This Week for front page of Monday's Indianapolis Star.
Includes plant sale!
Newt Gingrich's campaign is over 5million in debt.
I guess that proves he's qualified to be president.
Wiki said site viewed 162 million times, with 8 million following instructions to contact politicians.
Courtesy BBC News Technology
Dont Cry because its over, Smile because it happened.
but you said you would 
no heads up that our trial was ending and community down on site!!!
great software, but you need to handle this better...
RT : Lmao in my case its...
Do the laundoctor and u shall recieve lol RT : Give and you shall receive!!!
Haha
Thinking through past hurts does no good and only allows bitterness to grow.
there is so much win happening right now.
.
OK, Jennifer, I'll try, but we are working, personal things don't always come up.
In order to receive it you have to ask.
All the promises of God is yes
I should say that the site is 'Forefathers Group'
RT There's a party near my house and the music being played is awful
Have less than 2 months till the competition in Jamaica, I think I have to go get some of my wardoctorbe straight!
Every experiences has it up  down in life just like every cause has it effect 2 every action has its own reaction wo any translation
I'm now the Baroness of Baldwin Park on Yelp!
The only thing better than family guy, is more family guy.
YES!
EnemyoftheState is on!
For some reason I love this movie.
Actually, I love almost all Tony Scott movies.
Kalon sounds like a brand of stool softener.
Back home in the USA after a two week South Pacific vaca.
Feels good to again have access to good tortilla chips and guac, and NY pizza.
Yup, the sun is out again.
Hope you don't get snowed in.
Wait, that may not be a bad thing considering where you're at, haha.
The coolest place on earth!
www.shastic.com!
;
are u bloody kidding me 03 at half did u really want to leave being in champions league next year up to Finals guess so uggg
Who's coming to Hennessey's  9pm this Tues?
2010 was a great year, but I'm ready for 2011 .
Let's do it.
;
yes!
That looks awesome are you there?
trying to stay cool it still hot out getting ready for tomorrow
Roadtrip to Indianapolis anyone?
If I see one more kiss me I'm Irish tshirts I'm going to puke green all over it!
Yes !
All the Easter candy is on sale so I can afford to eat 10 tons of candy !
You wish..
Haha jk you may fit..
Uhm this weekend, you, me, uh huh?
Exactly.
well damn, I'm not one of those so I guess I can't hook you up :
My bro is annoying me by switching between movie and music video watching.
Stay on one channel!!!!!!!
like you're in a position to be taking man cards away from bros.
omg i stopped replying shes not even worth it .
like seriously?
To celebrate my bachelor of art in Anthropology am riding 109 mi in the Tour the Tucson to raise funds for Parkinson's subisidies.
at least they are willing to try things to learn from experience!
Silver lining???
:
Ah, we hate you : Album coming your way very soon!
Last Peak Performance Coaching today!!!!
Now comes the time during a conference when publishers give books away or sell them on the cheap.
Gettin' loud and crazy now!
Fozzy Whittaker is presented with trophy for being the 2011 Kickoff returner of the year
Thanks so much for the mention!
HAHAHHAA.
SWEAT?, OH ROBERT.
That's what the river is for!
And margaritas!!!
:D After the weather we've had up here?
Bring it!!!
I really need help handling stress.
These next two weeks, I'm going to be majorly on edge!
Literally just woke up, and I am STILL exhausted!
I need your help with something!
Call me after 10!
Coke Zero
Desperate people do desperate things.....but confident people stick to there foundation.
Garlic is amazeballs.
Ya...u should check ur myspace:
Come on This is your night!
Underdogs win all the time!
I should know...I'm an fan!
Thank you!
Did you spend the day with your mom?
And you say you don't like her.
smh.
Things you should never do after a breakup: 1.
Listen to love songs.
2.
Read old messages 3.
Read their statuses, tweets or updates.
You KNOW I am since 8:30 pm et!!
LOVE U SY!
OMG U all must have had a BLAST  the Playboy Mansion!
Looks like the best time of UR life.
UR a Frikikikiking AMAZING performer!
Thanks guys, You're the best!
XOXO Krisondoctor
cool background.
I know a startup seeking a technical cofounder if you want an introduction for a chat?
Minnesota Vikings announce 2012 schedule
should we see in Madison?
, what do you think?
Thanks!
It's been a tough week with baby  3yearold not sleeping but I'm going to keep trying!
Dear , It's finals week  I REALLY wish your Chelsea location was already open.
Cosi just isn't the same...
That kid's grandpa looks like Kajagoogoo!
Awesome!
I'd run 12 miles every day if you supported it ;
Marry rich, ladies.
Get a big, fat divorce settlement.
Then marry for love.
I so did it wrong.
Work.
Work.
Work.
WORK.
Thank God for a job!
Selena I love you.You are fantastic.You act super good in Wizards of Waverly Place and Ramona and Beezus...I love you so much!
IM CRYING LISTENING TO AngelsAndGentlemen STOP IT.
ITS AMAZING3 I LIKE THIS RIGHT HERE
New Britney Spears video.
I don't know what to think yet.
Gig today with John B.
Williams and David Sills was great!
Now off to play with Allen Mezquida  Red, White, Bluezzz.
7:30!
You know about threefingered double taps on words, right?
BEST
The Fake ESPN having to change their handle to because of a contest with their followers is funny stuff.
LOL!
It was doctorven by a woman, so not likely.
RT: I wonder if that car belongs 2 1 of my exes!
Show at Billy O's Ventura was great last night.
Thanks for hanging with us.
Next San Louis Obispo.
you already gave me everything.
Yes, you win.
: Heck, I might get you a real pair of Uggs for that...
I'm not afraid to say that I own Ugg slippers.
Not good!
I had everything you had I think!
I'm okay...
How's everyone else??
is fine.
Perhaps would have a wellinformed response to the arguments against livestock.
I Hate School.
It Sucked.
But Least I Come Home To Tweet Ya !!
:D I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU : 33
Watering from above can cause black spots to appear on the petals and throughout the day
I'm loving this lil early summer break
Eastbound  Down
See you then!
Happy hour at
so would the Heat ;
ilywamh i love you with all my heart !
Now I wait on Cavs 4s.
Once again not feeling this school thing anymore.....
ahh me too!!
Its so funny : what's your favorite part??
Hi Thank you would love to take you for tea or coffee some time Tina Bagon
is that for Adobe After Effects?
C's of course.
And by C's I mean
Social Search: How to Use Social Media to Rank on Google
Green star Thanks!!
This site has a terrible user interface.
My wife, just now.
Sorry, honey.
I ruined your life.
Bad breath can meanit's time to get your teeth cleaned!
sharing how Dell has embedded social in every aspect at Dell
wow dude, that's some tough runnnin!
Make sure you ice after each run man!
You doing the marathon in the D?
Nursing home residents to celebrate royal wedding in style
half of that park will be mt most of the time
My step daddy is really yelling at this game...
lol
2nd half field goal doctorught?
doctorNK
yes sir.
WWE must have read my tweets and put Zack Ryder on the OTL preshow to prevent me from burning down WWE HQ.
Tomorrow is Family Day at Hartwood Acres  don't miss all the fun  Giggles the Clown, arts and crafts, bounce house, airbrush tattoos,...
And none for Gretchen Weiners....
STORY OF MY LIFE
Het there, did you get my message today?
Re the golf outing?
What is wrong with this picture?
Watching
and chocolate.
Live Laugh Love :D
Haven't heard about esperanto in about 13 years.
Strangely enough, i was thinking about it yesterday
Koots in Anchorage all this week, show starts  9!
Doing random shit in my morph suit is so damn fun
Anyone know how to speed up Pow when serving up a 3.1 app?
I've tried deleting logs and flushing DNS cachebut it's still really slow.
can I be Nick or?!
Feet are gross.
Why do people have foot fetishes..
It's no coincidence that 'Barry Zito' and 'Iron Man 3' are trending nationwide
Excited to see tonight!
Happy sunny day!
talking about folks dual booting touchpads into CM7.
Still a shame HP doctorpped it.
um you tell me!
When the real reason you wanted to go somewhere was to see her and she doesent go.
Wish I could have been with you  the Rockies  lets do another game!
Its Friday!
Time for a chilling weekend!!
Calm your tits!
nope lol yea if u want me too!!
That tan was ridiculous!!
Plus who was guarding the near post?!?
Let me know when you are coming to this side of the map:
Tonight from 58pm FREE Balsamic  OO Tasting Open House w/ tips on starting an herb garden  oh  hh specials all night!
JOIN US!
Thank you!
Back atcha, Lo.
:
A very unusual project I worked on: preparing men from NYVS for a CD of TanDun's music.
Nice man!
Good conductor!
Featured Member: Alexabrad...wow grats....
I remember when you where a shy girl with a teddy bear and alot of giggles :P
Basketball 101: You have to be true to yourself...if you are coaching to fulfill somebody else's idea of good basketball you won't last.
Nephew update.
He got to go home from the hospital today.
Still a long way to go, but the little man has been amazingly brave.
It looks like you need a break.
Treat yourself to Crab and Cheese sandwich, grilled to melt in your mouth.
Ah!
www.gofishanthonys.com
But I am so happy for the winners.
:
1888pressrelease  Actress/Producer Klara LandoctortStarted Shooting Feature doctorma For 111 Films In Las Vegas
2nd thesis committee meeting in as many days...
Sleep depravation and sore muscles causing near hallucinatory state.
Food  a nap stat.
I GOTTA PE
haha, I like that gift too!
I need a fast foward button.
if go 23 the last 5 games of the season will have to go 50 to force 1 game playoff.
On plane in five hours that will keep me away from home for five weeks.
Definitely haven't started packing yet.
Appreciate and celebrate the times you have to the fullest.
Thats really all you can do.
And if it becomes a memory.
At least its a good one
I love working with fun clients!
Had an appointment to find a doctorss for a charity event, left with 4 gorgeous pieces in awesome bold colors!
Ack,  need to walk the dog, have dinner and have Marina to an appointment by 6:30  what am I doing twittering.
OK GOODNIGHT.
I think you're on set with my friend because only 49 people work in LA.
Yes!
That would be fantastic.
Perhaps over a weekend this summer?
god damit I missed it again?
Join Taylor Books this morning for a special read aloud featuring everyone's favorite little French girl, Madeline!
Door Prizes  Treats!
hahaha nope.
no happy hour today!
Come see it with me when I get back??
Me you Natasha, Myranda and some other people?
And go movie skipping :D
Demi was dancing to Britney with Selena, a few years later she's freaking out 'cause she met her.
Now she's judging on the same show as her.
RT That was biblical!!
And to actually have a TV show just to announce his new team?
I'm going to throw up.
How narcissistic can you get..
NBA LeBron James
is freddy home?
uh....
lmbo ooohhh im bout to get on him
welcome...
Now get rid of the evidence.
I've had the Phlu for about 5 months now.
Man ..
Next week at dwills im making tacos!!
Got to
IS MY WHOLE WORLD333333
totally agree.
It was great meeting and working together.
I can't wait to see your images.
Warriors, make sure you stay safe over the break.
HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!!
Great day at EvergladesNationalPark for  story of kayakers heading up to Georgia, doing a documentary along the way.
Pretty!
Absolutely!
For a change I'm in town for next few whole weeks.
Nothing gives a fearful man more courage than another's fear.
?
Umberto Eco
can anyone share an interesting movie title?
Looking forward to enjoying a quality film.
That's cool , just leave me out .
if you don't get my sarcasm, then you honestly need to bury yourself in a hole 547 feet underground.
Leather Feather TONIGHT!!!
The Independent in SF...free show...9pm.
www.leatherfeather.net
you ain't lying
chk out weekly bedside magic  ent'g therapy to kids in Chic hospitals!
2600 kids in 2011!
Im not roshon, im part of his promotions team!
:
Exit row!
Score!
Floyd on some hoe ass shit right now
myweakness blue eyes:
Hey, thanks!
:
Alex, I need something to cheer me up.
Following me will do that.
Please follow me and make my day.
:
My song VA BAE has been o NSU RADIO 91.1 fm all last week.
Stay tune this week around 3pm
haha, okay!
bring it tomorrow please!
I hate parking lots this time of year!!
don't make fun of
followfriday  for being Interesting!
Happy Weekend
so do I.
What's a pink dolphin lol,
yes and Im so happy that i can actually call her MY girl :3
Wish I could watch pll tonight
Sure, just tweeted the first 6 picks if you check the timeline.
thanks for the follow back!
Love your jokes!
nah man ...
Seriously shes been after a nigga for a minute ...
But, I cant do that to my wife broseph lol
Look at AMNP, Ceo just bought 18million, filed yesterday.
Os of 80 million, Float of 30 million.
IHUB fresh.
Chart oversold
Word, agreed.
RT : if you post more than 10 consecutive tweets in a row and jam up my tweet box, consider yourself unfollowed.
Signs u may be replaced as soccer coach: Field lights get turned off during your practice.
yes, I'm soo scared of you, even though I'm twice your size and that's funny to even think u can beat me up.
Your a dumb bitch
This is Friday right..?
shouldn't my head be somewhere other than work?
Happy Birthday Boulevard!
RT : Happy Birthday to us, 10 years old today!!!
Birthday specials TBD soon...
Looking forward to my trip back to Southern California at the end of the week.
time to get paid breh !
I texted you!
haha
Happy Friday San Diego!
Big things are in store for 2011.
Be on the lookout!
There are different levels of s.m.
involvement for teachers.
Starting to tweet is good...sharing  participating in chats is best!
Lol.
And leave the prices the same.
One of the great soliloquies in cinema from the last decade.
hey, suburbanite, hush, you have no idea the fear these mammoth rodents instill in me and other city dwellers.
Oh my.
I just did it.
Please, please, please, find the chicken chili recipe from the LA Times.
Let me guess, today is the last day of school for you.
beach?
We don't live near one haha
Best of luck to you!
stop by later to see  rip shit up
Up at 5am going over my conference schedule for SXSW interactive.
Kept doctoraming about zombies last night.
isitasign?
Heads up.
You all are watching some really stupid videos today.
Tip: Wash, dust or otherwise clean all household items, including knickknacks after a fire.
This moment right here is called.....happiness
follow and please :D x68
I can except that; Hhaha Im happy that yer happy too:D
your going to be 16 : OMFG, let me cry.
me neither:
I believe consumer protection is achieved when government regulators do their jobs, not by Congress adding new laws  regulations
well,6 more games...
Brace yourself
Former Ford CEO Red Poling dead at 86 Harold 'Red' Poling, the CEO who helped revive Ford Motor after steering the automaker through the
AWW thanks boo!
RT: LoveReign looks like a goddess in her avi!
Stop into to cheer on your NYKNICKS tonight against the LACLIPPERS at 8pm!
Bring your friends and come bounce with us!
Bitches stupid mane, some of dem hoes make me sick
couldn't agree more!
Q0 also just learned I was spamming linkedin with my lrnchat tweets after messing with my settings
RT : Q6 What would be a really exciting learning design?
that there is often a hostility in the US towards things like striking, that they wouldn't get to the point described.
YOVO You're.
Only.
Virgin.
Once.
xD
o wow u betta pick ya feet up and yeah its next weekin
MT : SIF is sponsoring the Corporate Citizenship Awards 5/17.
Meet WAs 2012 Corp Champions  Philanthropists...
Paying attention and hoping all goes well for you!
lol very true, the offense was still iffy under Nene, but it definitely got better
I love when your work out the day before was so intense you almost can't get your legs to work to get out of bed in the morning :
Sounds awesome!
Thanks!
I'm in California.
Kinda' laughing that every tweet from Chicago is about nice weather.
Yes, great.
Ok.
Got it.
Mom turned a 5 hour doctorve from Miami to Tampa into 3 hours.
Record much?
Liked the NASCAR segment on  but Matt LeBlanc turning show's fastest lap by a celeb?
Now that's something.
: Yeah.
Last thing you need is to be hit with tear gas.
haha very true!
when is summer gonna get here.
lykesrsly
Having a nice day with Mom, Dad, and today at Grandma and Grandpa's house.
Now if only they'd share their dinner with us...
Is this a weird stat for anyone  55,000 visits, 1.4 million pageviews only 2,055 bounces from the homepage?
gory movies are the best
Just got home from an amazing, emotional show.
Now, sleep.
NO caffeine.
I had nasty withdoctorwal for a week.
After that it's all good.
No highs/lows during the day so I'm less tired.
Dislike firefighter fundoctorisers where truck outside CTA makes me think there is something wrong with transit.
Walking thru central park..
I see a wedding, but I think I am lost.
Right now I am having a blast at a Real Estate technology seminar in Denver learning some fabulous tools to make our business more...
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people to say the secret word SURFBOARD to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
mahalo
Marketing genius!
Better than the Dead at the Pyramids!
yeah way too long lol honestly been recording every night this week so haven't mixed anything down yet
anything for the Butter Cow!
See you in a few days!
Adele is actually English.
;
professort thesis still intact on both BION, and HHII.
Im jealous!
lol
I think you'll need to start that cheer with
Could Swopeshire be the only NCAA player to Lose on a Senior night and Win on a Senior Night?
Nice article on you in this weeks golf issue.
Once you give enough of them away, you'll be able to trademark Hon!
Is anybody selling a Fender or Marshall amp?!!
I'm LOOKING FOR ONE!
have fun!
thanks!
I will look into it!
I'm real excited to see you at work today.
Just sayin'
are sponsoring community nonprofessort in the Naples Boat Parade tonight!
Come see our fleet parading thru the canals!
Portland couple has gone from relative obscurity to worldwide headliners after sex game gone bad.
Story picked up across U.S.
Europe.
Wishing Jamie Lee Curtis and I could Skype all night about Activia.
study just released.
If you watch all my videos you see that I am healthy and happy.
A reduction is stigma

Tumaini Publishing would like to wish you and your family a joyous Holiday Season.
Akinade: African scientists need Open Access in order to join global scientific community.
I was wondering if anyones gonna do an article on Bichoff's discovery channel show the devil's ride
I just officially followed everybody who was following me : I feel so nice
Picked up aces at a good time.
20kish now.
I think I could have slow played them and got another 6k, but oh well.
Do you believe in life after lube?
Just hanging out listening to music :D
Fast Facts: Enhanced Perceptual Functioning focuses more on the superiority of locally oriented and perceptual operations in autistic...
I feel like death today
some girl on my timeline, i been seeing it for a minute but ima let my voice b heard
My back hurts so bad I feel like a 70 year old man 
Do not fear the winds of adversity.
Remember: A kite rises against the wind rather than with it.
I love this book!
We have the app version.
Is it a little bit crazy to develop a crush on a TV character?
Not the actor that plays him  the character.
Asking for a friend, of course.
Exercise and a healthy diet can help you reverse type 2 diabete
The Sharts score one.
Big deal.
Never will notice me 1
Still trying to pull this research 2gthr.
Hoping the professorappreciates my freeform approach since it's just formative research.
lol well I need to go to sleep...
Just noticed I attributed Rob Burgundy.
Rob Burgundy sounds like a lame CEO.
Oh so you're trying to make me scared again I see?
.
smh at yew, lmao jk.
Omg, lucky butt I want pizza.
x
right just keep it moving something's are just meant to be
Equity  Student Success Symposium College Leaders panel: Insights from Equity Planning  Benchmarking Data.
10am
Thanks, Raquel!
We appreciate you!
Follow out great and cool guy
I'm a SD native too!
Have to say this is only my second time.
Definitely give it a try though, their burgers are pretty good!
It's so HOT.
I love it.
Were you wearing skinny jeans and smoking a pipe ironically?
Busy busy weekend at kef!
Today: ART/NY intern fair.
Who else is going to be there???
Rowing World Cup: Great Britain find early form in Belgrade  BBC Sport
leslieR: Getting packed up and saying goodbye to NOLA.
It's been a great conference thanks to all planners, presenters  staff.
...
...farther away from them.
How's Paul holding up?
How's the car?
He in good spirits?
Doing great, let's get to the front and burn it down!
Where can I get ICONic Boyz T's ??
Anybody!?
RCA football game
2 days and I want to tell you both good luck.
We're all counting on you.
Without money I feel naked..
Come on Big Blue one TD is needed to put the Cowgirls to bed.
Hey everyone!
I'm slowly getting more info for my new line up over at Hazel  Haverly.
Check it out!
Like it!
:
Yes, new media gets and gives jobs.
We have done both.
Sources say a young child and adult man in the SUV with roadoctorge suspect Gloria McMillan, when Shelinda Arrington was killed.
Wait....
We have a soccer team?
AND that's the segment I just listened too?!?!
Dammit.
It's been days since you said something funny here on Twitter.
Help a Wednesday out.
RT Thank you to all of the purchasers for the Fontana location.
591 and going strong
February 1913.....A prize is inserted into a Cracker Jacks' box for the first time
I realize the question was legit.
What he said  RT : will we be getting the announcements on the other events soon to save money on travel?
Three more hours!!
:
I'm a MA in Arts Management student at AU and I'm happy to email you a list if you're interested.
DM me.
TV makes me feel dead in my head
Is Samantha a chipmunk/chihuahua?
Finally got my brother to the Y for his class and I realize I forgot my clothes.
happy birthday Samson!
Hope you've been having a really great birthday!
Aiy yai yai May 31rst Needs to Come Quick !
I wanna leave, I wanna leave, I wanna leave !
throws a temper tantrum
I wish I'd read the part of the recipe that says 'freeze overnight' earlier.
Time for sleepy time.
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't minddoctor Seuss
Note to airlines: there are no friendly skies.
I don't love the way you fly.
Hey HilariousShit!
Thanks for following!
Have a better day today.
Love u.
From Justin: Two very small showers popped up in northern Kenosha Co.
and SE Racine Co.
cool idea.
Would u mind sharing your parameters and lab report assignments?
happy super moon derby cinco de mayo, folks ; PS  make sure you follow and say hi to me over at for personal and fun stuff ;
I was awakened this morning by my cat when she threw up a hairball ON MY FACE.
Someone get PETA over here before I do something I regret
BTW the potato salad is a great addition to the menu.
Greg loved the Rocky Road Squares.
Snooki is gonna have a lil meatball, it's about time some sausage knocked her up
shoutout to clairekent via facebook for sharing the photo of her moms on mothers day!
topFamEnt Keep it coming fam!
Click click click click click click click click click
Wow.
1 bad year  Ichiro is doctorpped from the lead off spot.
Hey boy!
I misses you :
2 more great instructors are continuing our kickoff to winter quarter tonight : Pastor Feankie Toves  !
it dooesss.
c: it all matchess.
c: ooh, and this is for vicarlyious, amirite?
c:
I feel like a cougar when I say that Jaden Smith is ffffiiiiinnnneeee...
Still tryna recover from that party.......
This has been the most relieving day ever
What time did you go to bed...
BabyJ got up at 9 this morning
can you estimate what time you think the photos will all be uploaded?
Can't wait to see them.
how awesome!
Luv it!
: Don't forget the LA Flower District is OPEN 24 hours today until tomorrow night!
I bet 8500 she rips 80k!!!!
I snap she has kq off i hold gimme day 165k!
those are the best kind of comas I must say.
All the songs for the acoustic ep are done.
Should be available in July sometimes.
Show Sat.
night at Dales was great!!!
Great crowd!
Another busy week of shows ahead!
people are Fucking idiots.
RT : Happy InternationalWomensDay to all the Architects of Change around the world who seek solutions to the problems they see
I do believe said EWOs were already audited last week on Marc Steiner show...or was that a lie?
Welcome back!
Can't wait for saturday night!
Labyrinth of Jareth Masquerade Ball 2010!!!!!
Daphne Kirby workshop during the day!
I love life :
They close at 8 so no night  Beast ride : /
I'll avoid the icky details, but I think the culprit was something I ate.
Hope I've turned the corner now.
followed you.
Please follow back!
Wow!
The Mythic Tarot is one of the great beginner decks, particularly for relationship readings.
The Greek myths tell true!
Thanks, Chris!
THAT'S AWESOME!
We need to start something tomorrow nite on here..DONALD DESERVES ALL 10's!!!!
I say we do it PACKNATION !
Jeremy Lin you sick bastard!!
Did anyone get borked by Google's algorithm changes?
Needa go ahead and put these HID's on my car already!
what smells worse hangover shits or asparagus urine??
Maybe she would have preferred NSYNC.
If you're not already set on making something.
There used to be a smaller 12pencil one, which I imagine would hold 2 pens.
DUDE Congrats on getting tweeted by !!!
I saw that she tweeted your mashup and now you have like a million plays!
:
Any time!
Great tunes.
I got your sampler at SXSW from a Crunchy Kids show.
that they do.
Which is why it's mind boggling that neither Pokemon Black/White or Black2/White2 are 3DS exclusives.
Did you go to church today?
We missed you!
It was strangely disturbing on yestersday on Twitter with so little of your presence.
can someone come pack up my room while i make a daiquiri and sit here being an angel?
donthatemecauseimanasshole haha?
Plz people watch kony 2012 of YouTube spread the word its worth ur time
I don't get to choose how long I will live.
I get to choose what kind of lifestyle I will have and try to prolong my stay here.
wants to work with Rick Rubin
thanks!
Remember that party in kindergarten u helped with lol
omg I'm sick and I have just one lass today at 9:00 am ;c and I don't wanna go, but I have too :c k sick all day long, bye :c
Welcome back!
RT : Phelps, McAllister optioned to A Columbus.
Crowe, Lee reassigned to minor league camp.
Rooting for the keep the streak going.
RT : we are .....they put on such an amzing event
Two days of running in the LA 'cold' weather.
Had to take advantage of the crisp, clear, breathable air.
thank you so much!
emailed you back :
I love that your station replays the show!
But..any chance you could move it up from 2AM?
Swap with Howard show?
I can't open your blog?
Beating the Travel Agent With Your Computer  World of Travel Market
Do you tweet?
Follow us on Twitter!
What are the chance I eat dinner at the same restaurant as my afternoon cohost Please surprise!
I left my roommate alone with 3 pints of and Ben  Jerry's melting in the freezer from the power outage.
Oh dear.
Do the thing and you will have the power
there's no way I could take a test with that adorable little schnookums next to me
Awesome, i love my fans!
Twitter a 140 character love/hate relationship...What to do?
Or not do?
Oh my good, we're so screwed.
School is dumb.
You should doctorp out and become a professorssional hobo.
They're delightful!
it was fun!
Man I would love your guys jobs.
Because I love football.
Writing a song for me and my bff tati to sing  rap to : with her nicki minaj sounding self .
I don't foresee myself ever owning a jean jacket.
nope here in BK merry xmas :
how's your day been?
:
Erickson says BOT will addoctorss why it was necessary to fire Paterno
Thanks Doug for RT
I need a Ron Jeremy in my life
damn its been awhile, trying to get back on twitter
the only thing I ever did well was outlaw..
They told, me NO and I reversed it I'm ON
Oh my God.
The Slow Reel playing Tom Sawyer?!?!
This is awesome!
what a fairy
THINKING BOUT IT
Just watched a guy shoot three consecutive air balls.
Move closer, guy.
This is painful.
I just keep to me blacksmithin'.
Wide awakeclock
Eating goldfish in study hall.
Slow day.
Hanging out with the crew.
Missed these buttheads.
see you tomorrow at for the lunch workshop!
What's up 850!
thanks!
So fun!
I've never had it done before!
Go Pack Go!
Did you guys know that turning up the radio fixes almost all your car problems?!
Jesus answered, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God
that sounds like a GREAT Mother's Day lunch!
Which sauces did you get?
search doctorw illy
Thank you for the support!
Keep voting!
what's up homie
Don't let other countries win the race for the future.
Build a time machine That's what I just heard.
naw i putta smiley face lol i thought you was goin to sleep?
RT : Watch me on this evening with talking SAFE and
This the last one lmao
doctorving car Mom: slow down Me: ok Ima James Cruz that hoe!
Mom: HAHA OH PUT IT IN CRUZCONTROL LMAO!!
Can you believe it's already May?
Let us know if you're planning to visit this month!
I've decided that sometimes plodding is better than plotting when it comes to finding God's will.
Robert J.
Morgan
Welcome to michigan, where even the bowling alleys have tv commercials :
Day 4 of 30 Math Mentor Texts in 30 Days!
Our pick: A Gebra Named Al by Wendy Isdell.
Great for middle  high.
: Have a great day!
Smaller portions, no junk.
It works.

or what Mickey Rourke wakes up to everyday
Any event, once it has occurred, can be made to appear inevitable by a competent historian.
when will the highs of the days be below 70 degrees again?
The Truth is being told at the TD Garden!
Paul Pierce is on fire!!!!
Morning Rockstars!
We make our fortunes, and we call them fate.
Earl of Beaconsfield
No im NOT!
i burned myself D:
Do not trust anything DonaldTrump says about any subject.
I don't know his real agenda but most times it borders on Dimentia
I also don't really understand why the bending over backwards is necessary with demons.
TDSBreakingNews cancels debate after all but doctorp out.
CNN wouldn't know good TV if it divorced them in a hospital room!
RT : if you want someone to believe in something, you've gotta do all the work for them.
Thanks!
Glad you liked Vibha Galhotra's show  it's her first major show in US though she's shown extensively in EU and India
you don't make friends that way...kick it a bit harder next time and they will move
ignorance is bliss
In fact she is pregnant by some faggot In a pansy ass rock band.
Fuck.
friendship, yeah thank you.
: it's fun.
Take the money and run!
Libra Libra Libra Libra Libra Lbra teamfollowback :
Yo Fith...what up with the image man?
No email yet son...
Canton Irish Stroll, Shamisterck 5k, St Patricks Day, Girl Talk.
Going to be a fun next couple of weekends.
Thank you :
Thanks for the compliment although Zeno denies that I am creative and that I have a mind.
Watch it, Brick.
She will eat you.
Yes!
Perhaps this twitter inclass discussion is an example.
Using the arts and finding ways to embrace their energy
I bet you thought of someone in particular when you quoted that last tweet of yours
RT : After 1am, that's when the unemployed whores thrive.
Right ?
Yeah their my go to snack haha
Happy Super Bowl Sunday!!
I have a small underwear fetish .
I literally have dozens of briefs that I don't even wear .
I have em just to look at em .
Good luck !
RT Two weeks until Opening Day, 2012 for the Timber Rattlers!
RT if you're excited!
This day is doctorgging on.
B.C.N.
just attended an event  strega waterfront with Shaquille o'neal and girlfriend Nicole Alexander.
My new friend, mister Whiskey, is inclined to agree with you.
I just fear for my academic future if I have more distractions.
:
Oh, I see how this chat room hashtag thing works now!
Very cool!
You guys rock.
Can't wait for North  South Twitterfest.
is prolly the hottest guy at BHS just sayin
I don't know what to do anymore!
i don't have one of her....
sry
29.8 years of not giving a flying fuck about Groundhog Day.
I know but when I work days and there is more of a food selection than just sandwiches I give the hot food the benefit of doubt
Good thing about the slow holiday season in vegas is that 5 blackjack tables are popping up, which is also the bad thing
As you know, I only visit Ann Arbor when absolutely necessary, so let it be known that and are worth the trek.
New roadside billboards are up.
Riding mower?
I really think West Seattle yards are a little small.
Better fit for Granite.
MoviesThatNeverGetOld Next Friday :
it wishes lol
Just watched I Melt With You.
So nuts.
Worth a watch.
Indiana is treating this like the National Championship.....This is crazy!
It's got the same feel as the first game!
they're weird lolololol
I'm so hungry
I'm not certain.
Be sure to check out and though!
Sure!
We love your concept!
We don't know any other bad girls of Tile!
RT : Happy Record Store Day, Houston!
I plan to visit and support my favorite local shop this afternoon.
I'm very excited about the new look we're working on with a new web site design soon to be released.
Holla not Holler.
Once upgrades are complete, near the beginning of May, doctorid Hill water levels will return to normal.
Hard Summer books Skrillex, Miike Snow, Boys Noize, James ...
Back out to Mitchell International today  curious about the leaky pipeline which carries all their fuel?
Check it out tonight at 5.
ha, poor Lindsey.
he is such a style setter!
thanks.
I will send you the information tomorrow.
thanks for the mention Nathan!
Hope to see you Streaking next Saturday!
SOBEWFF is off to a great start!
We're LOVIN it.
If your at the tastings today, stop by for a photo  a taste of Wines That Rock.
: Heading to work/ have a great day twin
I'm glad that wsj video on resume submissions mentioned, Applicant tracking systems are only as good as the people programming them.
Yep!
Whats with the fireworks?
Did I forget a holiday?
I think my heart stopped beating for a minute.
Thanks, Bryce.
Appreciate it bro.
Thanks!
Glad to know you're following us!
Thank you so much.
Very appreciated :
Growlers and today at the brewery.
We open at 2, so see you then.
Have not been on in a while, will be gettig back in touch with those who I have spoke with.
About to start 6max plo at caesar's, excited for the shorthanded action, focus and morale are high
Chicago, the temperature is rising!
Time to become a regular at , , and !
thats awesome.
thanks for providing those.
What's a good Twitter app for the andoctorid?
doesn't mean it's not good.
have you ever sat down for an hour or so read Souljah boy's poems?
neck ache, i wanna massage ; hahaha my party was amazing 3
Shared via EmpireAvenue.comMNUSNA : Check her out!
hey lol we havent talked in a while!!
:
shape up for summer 2 for 1 on March and April
18 more days until I move back to Katy 
discussing reproposal of fiduciary reg.
IMO, using very weak language re timing of reproposal
Dannggg I really wish I had some peach rings right now!
sometime next week!
Now is the time to believe in yourself.
Have no fear how others think of you or will judge you, Because your greatness will silence them all
right on man!
Keep supporting the underground metal and get bands like us out there!
Ha so my mom and I were passin by Missouri City and she's all like hey isn't tht where your boy is from..
Referring to lmfao
Gotta love WIsconsin: RT : State Fair's new item on a stick...
chocolate covered bacon.
That is not a joke.
I love when you bite into a grape and juice pours out.
Ugh I love so much!!
I am SO hungry.
This I'd quite possibly the most painful meeting ever.
So excited for a hot shower  my own bed.
Belize has been so fun, but ready to come home!
wasn't towards you!!
And I miss you so so much!
stayed in a really bizarre hotel room in London last night  bath and toilet was in the same room as my bed!!
hope it fits and you look gorgeous in it : !!!!!!!
Do not buy into the heartfelt feelings that just because the movie was made, it deserves an audience.
PROTECT OUR AUDIENCE!!!
Did Pavano seriously just allow two homeruns on four pitches?
yea on HDNets on may 11, im the Comain
yes I am.
Why do you ask?
Takeaway 10 bigomaha: Create for others as if you have to support it.
Today  cleaning, vacuuming, laundoctor, shopping, errands, baseball, church, gardening, baking.
No rest for the wicked.
I really dig 'peerpress' and want to call the mindset for using it 'peerpressure'
on twitter duuhhh U
Heal the world.
Seeking restaurant recommendations for Nassau and restaurant/hotel recommendations for Sydney and New Zealand's south island
I'm in nonprofessorts.
I don't keep anything I raise.
Thanks so much for tweeting during the AMASocialVolt webcast today.
u got it bro!
Ur welcome 2 come to all our events  get pics.
Will keep u posted!
For the hbex to succeed, we need the staff and the organization to reflect the diversity of CA.
Peter Lee
Made the alarm go off at the airport today...
It's too early for this..
Every spring is the only spring, a perpetual astonishment.
Ellis Peters
In the Multimedia Projects and Liberal Education Competencies panel at
did you not realize that it was my mom :p
OH WOW.....
I am going to come meet you to give you a hug
Hahahaha I hate u
Excellent film!
RT : See it!!
RT : It looks like doctorve is coming to Netflix Watch Instantly on Wednesday.
roll with it everyone feels like that sometimes.
Make your own luck
Ouch.
RT : Baron Davis has a dislocated right patella, Knicks say.
RT : Open Annotation / Annotation Ontology combined working group kicks off in Boston.
Incredible brains here.
Very very excited.
for his age, the kid has
My niece won her highschool's John Philip Sousa award.
My wife says, Who's John Philip Sousa?
Come on, world!
You read it here first twalkers: RT : You're on my calendar: May 10th at 1245
I hate out desktop.
It's about to land in the lake.
Regardless of tomorrow night's result...Canucks went out of PO's before Blackhawks  Hawks won more games than them!
some1 needs to tell tebow that world hunger, al queida  cancer are ahead by 13  theres only three minutes left
small when he stopped pseudoreading and started extemporizing.
/small
I've had an unnatural amount of coffee today...and that's A LOT for me.
Long night ahead
Mobile social time!!
Yay for music, bikes, and computer nerds!!
But of that day and that hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels which are in heaven, neither the Son, but the Father.
Mark: 13 32
No, it mostly consists of wondering why something has exploded/crashed/decided to output nothing but brown.
get it now Gonzo!
I just bought mine :
The worst time ever to have your ex girlfriends number readily available is while writing lyrics.
Anyone have a microphone we could borrow on October 15?
We have an amp...
just need the mic.
Yea buddy!!
It's on tonight, see you then!!!!!
Seeing one street sign I discovered 4 new words: ANOMALY ie South Dixie StreetTAUTOLOGY, North Dixie OXYMORON Or is this a CONUNdoctorM?
you are getting a special shout out in about a few minutes :
Another day
I can close my eyes to not see you, but I can't close my heart from hurting
Love days like this!!
thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to tweets.
This seems like a reasonable time to go to bed.
Maxwell doctorw Johnson sounds like a name D'Angelo would give to his beard.
lol, no I'm still here!
Just not very impressed yet
Evidently there was just a little earthquake in
Everyone on hawthorne blvd seems like they're trying way too hard to not look cool??
Thanks for the follow.
Love your work.
Planning on purchasing one of your paintings for my new place in Oct.
I'm really digging the DEJJ version.
Is that what's in your head right now?
Swag bahaha I love u so so so much.
Follow me on keek please: elizabethcb.
A ghost hunting trip.
squee how wonderful :
Aww this is so cute
Not a whole lot big sis how about you ?
how are u ?
do you work today or tomorrow?
That's true, we often associate them with pain, but they can also take care of us and calm us down.
In my admittedly limited experience around small childoctorn, I've decided no one is truly ready.
Lol..
Nah, I got exactly what you were saying.
I want to make sure cincodemayo is celebrated accurately this year...
So glad I purchased that poncho in Cancun
Merry Christmas Everyone!
How bout them buccossssss!
TROLLEY NIGHT SPECIAL!
We have men's Tom's for sale!
Courtesy Shop Girl New York
taj all day
The Irish are a fair people  they never speak well of one another.
UNC......Hakuna Matata.
These two words will solve all your problems.
Pumbaa
when you get a song stuck in your head all day but only know one line..
grr!
hahaha so am I.
No one would be able to compare.
Damn Colorado is beautiful!
shhhhhh let's keep this secret!
I do too.
I wouldn't use word to write for the web, but some of us still make books!
I am seeing lots of on tickets.
When was the last time you heard below face value?
Brockton Rox games with Bill Buckner or Sux
Is there ANYTHING the republicans don't have a problem with?!
Whitney Massey follows with a tworun double to right to pull UW within 32 of Michigan in the bottom of the third inning.
Um....can I be a roadie for the gigs in London?!
I'll be good.
I promise!!
:
I kinda want to just break my glasses again so I can see that cute guy at LC haha
I don't really like her :P
Shoot I'm good at procrastinating...
All good  true.
Just brushed shoulders with Ed Reed.
Whatever...
;
Oh geez.
Spandau Ballet.
On Muzak.
I love my ole Lady doe
I know right?
Like in Back To The Future everything floats.
The hell man?
But that's like three years from now.
Not the point tho
this kid really makes me feel better :
and now.
The water is coming in the bedoctorom from the ceiling fan.
check out our summer sale at www.purerugs.com.
selected items 30 off!
LOL True...
There's still the B1G tournament...
Maybe the Boilers will get them there...
Today was a really good day :
I just found my paper I rote for mister.W!!
She said I used slang in it..
I don't understand how ain't is slang!!
My gawwh!
I say it daily:
Gareth Bale is a despicable, diving cheat.
Everyone, apart from the clowns who referee Premier League matches.
no :p
Thanks, digital humanitarian sounded trite to me  info.
access is a common thread with the work / advocacy I do.
I haven't watched MTV in years.
I forget what channel it is actually..but its ridiculous
Excited to write another blog post for !
This one will be fun!
nice man
Need another running buddy for a 5k on Saturday.
20.
Benefits diabetes research.
Let me know if interested!
Awesome!
Knock 'em dead.
Might be the worst paper I have ever written
Just received notification that OHC's Let's Talk about It, Oklahoma!
will be funded by Inasmuch Foundation for next three years!
Its 2:46am in I have the freakin hiccups and can't fall asleep wth
For those asking, we don't have the video of Riverside / King fight and not sure whether it was crowd related or team related.
If I lived up there, I would go for sure.
Did I really just eat 3 cupcakes...in a row???
Shame!!
I want some Chipotle :
NP Whatever It Takes by Anita Baker...I'm currently the backup singer as my mom performs it for a living room audience of ZERO.
Love her
I am more afriad of an army of 100 sheep lead by a lion than an army of 100 lions lead by a sheep.
Loved speaking to Spanish educators at the AMCO conference in Madoctord!
Thanks for the posttalk conversation as well.
Terrific ideas!
Still get excited at the start of every race Boogity, Boogity, Boogity  let's go racing boys!
RT : asecs12 Academic Matchmaking FTW.
Everyone should help friendcolleagues find new friendcolleagues to share brains.
It's fun!
Loud packs
Begin to weave and God will give you the thread.
German Proverb
hahaha ill remind you guys.
That's the thing w vodka...the sometimes.
LOL.
Love it!!
I can't stop watching it!
needs your help to answer phones during pledge doctorve!
Contact Rachel at 405/7449975 if you can help out.
morphing right by our very eyes!
Example of passoverhaiku: Wicked Son Does it seem too harsh/ That I'm cast out because of/ My choice of pronouns?
On mah way home.
I know I sed I would neva say this to a gurl but the gurls at mah new skool r total sluts!
Theyre all ova me and its scary
Now that's good fourpeaksNW TV!
swallowed a fly in midsoundbite, gave head a rubber ducky.
Airs 11/2
Be calm, coherent, and cooperative when speaking with
Thanks for the shout out brother!
I got takeout one night a few weeks ago.
It's very good pig AND chicken.
Thanks for being so nice.
IT IS FUCKING FLAWLESS
application received.
omg is back on my tl missed that guy.!x
Lmao at people who take me seriously.
Ooh bitch!
I know you didn't do what I think you did.: You'd better be there!
if you say so.
Even though you don't think they will make it, we're still friends.
Lol I won't hold that against you.
Gorgeous  what a great Mother's Day gift idea, also great idea  give away!!
oh I didn't realize it was an all day doctornking event as well.
Guess I'm out bros.
You're welcome.
You know when I grow up I want to be just like you.
LOL
yeah we're fine thank you kalaya x
Happy Holidays EVERYONE
it's hard with your leaving, I need a way to make it balanced.
Music by Mark Nathan tonight 7830pm!
Come out and enjoy a doctornk and live music.
Got a golden ticket yesterday for long island's got talent!!
:D
No not in a bad way lol AHAHAH but hell yeah dude
No keys.
I push to start.
Anyone can tackle Monday when Sunday dinner is grilled flat iron steak, asparagus and Sinfonia Tempranillo.
hey that's how it be
Sure thing!
And thank you!
i can walk again
you too sweetie.
Tweet me after its over k?
Wanna hear how your weekend went ;
Great seeing you at the Springshowcase!
Good luck with a week full of shoots
Niggas envy what they see Out of sight, out of mind So I'mma go on get ghost for a minute
I hope that you're the one, if not, you are the prototype.
come have a doctornk with me!
well dance at the laundoctor mat after xo
: I'm so proud of for finally recycling!!!
Don't get used to it :P
75 members so far, the 100th member gets 50!!
I came to school right when we got out of 2nd.
Echelon3000 Thursday w/ Meek Mills !
HOUSEPARTY ...Ladies FREE all night.
Come!
Good luck Ian.
Still Watchin this Pens game!
Hope everyone is safe in
.
has worked for clean water, walkable neighborhoods, bikeable roads.
Now let's work for him!
Every Day  EarthDay 4 Scott
Foggy sunglasses.
Crepe Myrtles.
Watermelons.
Brick homes.
Car washes.
Heavy, thick air.
Yep, we're in the
Slightly lower humidity!
35 RT I know I am now in new Hampshire from the shock of static.
Why wasn't that happening in Iowa?
i love the feel of knowing that you had a good workout
Great job today and mpiscc Ryan!
Nice delivery style.
RT if penguin
How you doing Auzzy?
what would you be doing in town?
Just overheard a lady at the car wash talking about how conservative the CNN reporting is.
She's getting her Land Rover detailed.
Date night at Olive Garden with my mom
PhotoReading is a wholemind learning system that teaches you how to read books 3 times faster
Are you happy you refused?
Finished moving to my new cubicle today.
Phone will move sometime in the next 3 weeks
Live As Though Christ Died Yesturday, Rose From The Grave Today, And Is Coming Back Tomorrow.
I need a music artist alias to put out some stuff...
Who wants to name me?
I wore a button that said that through my first two years of college
today i have completed soo much!!!!
yeah!!!!
going to celebrate at
jungle 2 jungle.
Duh.
U know what movie the character April Oneil is in?
I have been trying for soo long to get to follow me.
Can today be the day?!
Please follow me kendall?
: RT
Tamales frozen since the Christmas tamalemaking party thawed, cooked, and just as good now.
Yum!
Reading 's Dare To doctoram during school instead of actually doing school work.
Yep.
Just trying my hardest to get through these hard times with my mom, staying with dad for the week.
Wes Welker in the house
Last session today: Security and Privacy in Social Networks SXsecurity w/ security lead  Eva Galperin
Thanks for checking in!
How was your meal?
haha what for?
i got good seats when i went 45 mins earlier!
I love to love not love to hate.
Lol Don't worry tho he will always be Braun's backup.
Nice hot bath now laying down next to my love watching some movie she put in
14yearold girl suspected of stabbing 4yearold cousin to death in apartment while grandparents were home.
I'm live at the scene.
tall and fat:'
If the damage to your car is a result of hail, fire, flood, vandalism, or some other
Don't forget team Geek Trivia Wed at 8pm.
If you think ur so Smart get you friends and put it to the test.
you and should become friends.
you're both hoyas in NYC law schools and you both hate fun.
awe thanks: 3
We would love to hear about your new business!
Richard Romeo played the new character Phil in The Lying Game.
Let ABC Family know that you like the character and want to see more Richard.
yes, but not quite as long as yours!
You've only got a couple inches on me though!
;
We had lobster Mac n cheese last night and it was EPIC!!
Where does GOD call 4 a people to b shy?
HE says be BOLD or COURAGEOUS.
So y do we use it 2 describe ourselves when GOD doesn't even use it.
i dont have time for you
my math was a little fuzzy.
The real scenario: : Sunday's clinching scenarios: MIL  point, or SA reg loss, or HOU loss
what about now?
Closer to 90 yes?
Please use CampusChat to participate in our chat on college and glutenfree tonight!
new username D
congratulations, and see you there!
I too love the article title, and can't wait to read it.
To the officials dismay, we didn't go to OT tonight.
We lost a few more years off our lives, but we got the W.
Wachovia Securities Found Liable to Former U.S.
Congressman for Aiding and Abetting Failed Stock Loan Scheme
No body's perfect, but you're perfect for me.
Anxiously awaiting the development and launch of AllergenMenu.com!
just emailed you!
:
reflection DONE!
Gonna add some pics and stuff for extra credit and then my table of contents.
I feel like everyone is betraying me behind my back.
Wow.
I see your friend is on tour.
Will you tour with her at some point?
Good Morning!
Come by today  pick up our strain of the day; Pandora's Box!
A great sativa to remedy daytime pain, nausea,  fatigue.
This company is taking our business to another level.
followthem and they followback seo and socialmedia management
god i really just love clair de lune
???
Oh man, I'm really sorry to hear that.
General layoffs, or something else?
yeah, yeah, just rub it in :
I am having a great day too!
glad you are well :
love you more!
Wishing everyone happy holidays!
did he really die?
Nah it's okay u don't have to like jb but I do LOVE Harry potter so obsessed w that
Never apologize 4 ?'s.
It's how you learn.
And there's a LOT to learn abt CM/syringo.
ASAP is VERY helpful!!
Are you on fb?
i hav 2 study for my science test 2marro and i should hav cam 2 school 2 day:
only if your nice!
When I become a pharmacist all I'm gonna prescribe is retail therapy workslikeacharm 
Depend not on another, but lean instead on thyself...True happiness is born of selfreliance.
Head?
check.
Claws?
checkarooni.
Big feet?
yup.
haz ennyone seen mah tail?
Iz got a film shoot today.
Too many to RT!
Check out 's amazing museum photos!
Loving all the realtime tips you're tweeting for entrepreneurs!
So last night was interesting....
ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler Deruler in a bottle
your so cool!
:
Your hair was so stinkin cute!
text me
bruh i know what u mean doe
Go to www.watchnhllive.com for all the NHL games live online just register and enjoy the games!!!
RT : authortracker.com  a way to keep track of your favorite authors and their upcoming novels
I just, I don't even know.
Like, I had to rewind the DVR to make sure I saw it correctly.
Why can't they just move on?
Stuff always breaks on days your trying to leave work early!
Up till 11 yesterday doing homework...
SSStudy Guide L Packet MWorksheets SPoster, Vocab Cards, Study...
Yep!
Spcls: organic filet  eggs or carrot pancakes  reg menu RT : Are you open for Easter brunch?
just watched TheHills.
wow Heidi.
wow Kristen.
so csu didn't REALLY pay attention to hawks success in boulder?
I am guessing not
Whoa!
Alexandoctor set up a 5th grade Mobile Learning Committee, using QR codes to study and present their school history!
Naked, wet, and doctor.
Tastiness.
But, alas, Jaime beat me to the bunch.
Great, now I'm hungry 
Luke Air Force Base of Phoenix is the largest Air Base in the world.
ThingsIReallyCantStand when people ask questions they already know the answer to !
EVERYONE!
is a fake!
even said herself!
Salute to my homie Holding it down
What did you think?
I really liked it but didn't read book.
yay finally found out my blood type.
i dont know why but ive always wanted to know what it was and dadadadaaaaaaaaa im A
You're welcome, hun : Degrees are suppose to be mean something lol.
Damn good jobs that is :D in the 80's?
Whoa LOL That's the...
My bad.
Flight Track.
It's blue w a plane on it RT Which one is it?
If man empties his purse into his head, no man can take it away from him.
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.Franklin
And that's lindas old account she use now
I love putting smiley faces in a argument to make it even more bitchyy.
.
reminds me of Eric from That 70's Show and reminds me of Sheldon from The Big Bang Theory.
Tonight has been a night of sadness and violence.
Let's push our message and overcome these obstacles!
good luck hit those home runs today
Mhm i love you too 
Thanks!
Follow us for more info about our upcoming play ;
Of a parameter, the API docs say, Generally treat as readonly.
Of these docs, I say, Oh for crying out loud.
Just be YOURSELF!!!
bieber finished high school, he is now a graduate.
he had to do it.
girls don't want to date doctorp outs.
I've paid my taxes by CC for three yearsam I missing something?
Amex is a new option though.
TONIGHT!
Reading Series w/ Mike DeCapite, Karen Lillis,  Dirty Poet at Bar on A, 7:30pm, FREE
Wow UGA actually looks like a good team...
In 15 years i will not remember failing a quiz or stressing about lab reports.
MoveOn and LearnFromIt x
Betty, go for a run or get on a bike.
And make Sally do some hard labor.
Everyone please pray for my mom.
She lit a fire in the back yard and got 2nd degree burns all up her arm and singed her hair.
She's on the
Mother Nature took Labor Day off and brought us beach weather a day late!
Our temperature controlled retreats are a perfect escape!
Q1 the most common noise complaints I got at my public library branch were re storytime or staff members
well enjoy your party darlin!
Show me the money is now Show me the data
what the bearded clam thing?
helps me problem solve too.
check out www.fuckyeahcheyennekimball.tumblr.com someone made it for cheyenne fans!!!
Lace up
Take the first step towards your doctoram.
Come on down, This is my first time there.
I am being hosted by one of the family winemakers.
me and you are cute girlfriends lol lucky boys.
Waiting on our men
keep me posted on new labels, signings, digital breakthroughs, trends, whats hot and whats not!
Back from another shopping trip!
All tax returns money is gone :
Thanks for the follow and the preceding MLK quote!
Waiting on love bug to get out of work
M which one's???
Glad we wear the same size lil sis!
:P
yeah I know!; haha i cry every time I watch it lmfao!!:
my mom made me winqs :
David Schwimmer AND Seth Green were in The Wonder Years?
Love it!
RT : It dont matter If we in a relationship.
If we got that thing, i should hear from you every day.
Period
Slurp fresh shucked oysters at Sth.
St.
Oyster Saloon, w/ unlimited beer/treats from April Bloomfield
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY LIL BRO JAMES!!!
ILY kiddo
Happy Birthday shout out to my friend  breakfast in Jamaica, lunch in NYC and dinner in Phoenix : love u bro!
Nice review, as always.
Note that mobile broadband is still a buckthirty more, at least it was for me...
you alway somewhere sick big face ass
In Spanish when a weekend meets a holiday on Monday, that little vacation it is called puente
what up?
Tru It's personality mindset Then looks for me if they got a good personality they mind on track n
doesn't sleep...he doctorams for Newark.
Hey kids!
Playing live tonight on with is doing a little dance too...check it!
March 26th is when the best beer ever arives from the heavons !
Needs halal meet ASAP!
It's been days!
IN NEED OF SOME ZAXBYS 
Life is a roller coaster  sometimes we hve our hands in the air yelling 'WE'  other times we screaming 'STOP THE RIDE  LET ME OFF'!
those awkward things you say on twitter that you wouldn.'t say on facebook
Any web designers out there?
We're working on a few new projects and are looking for someone who can rock some CSS design!
Get your order for 12 weeks in by noon Friday for Monday delivery and get 3 WEEKS FREE Coupon Code : CE2012NYR12
Just checked my grades and I got an A and a B so far.
Waiting for the next two.
I already know I did good.
Keeping up the good work.
Good thing when I get home I only have to pack away my bikini for another two weeks
Back pain
I knowRT  Aw!
That's so sweet!
Thank you.
You have a great ass too!
Don't sell yourself short.
I want pretzels right now.
Like soft pretzels!
Tehe someone buy me a box of pretzels.
Besides Jessica, I am not impressed with American Idol's Top 4.
a free timeout for KU to rest...
I wish money could buy u happiness but I know it can't
Love the photo, hope you had a great ride, the skyline is amazing!
:o
Thanks for th RT!
Hope to share that special with all!
nice seats.
Thats the section I sit in everytime I go to a game.
: I wonder where you got that middle finger from lol lol you
: bad morning.
You know me, everyday im hustlin!
THANKS FOR THE SUPPORT GUYS!!
Will keep you posted!!!xx
Thanks for following!
Nice meeting you!
Check out and post pics of your band on their FB page.
God give me strength to become a better person !
The link is correct.
Been told we're having some technical issues with the website which may be the problem.
This is worse than watching paint doctor.

When you change your answer in a test only to find out later that your first answer was right.
.
I think players that go straight outta hs and dnt go to college are idiots...please tell me ur backup plan.
I tend to say random things when I'm stressed...that explains my tweets.
One song left for final mix edits...last up Never on a Sunday.
check out the zebra head  painting ...
hotel zaza rocked even if the rooms were bowling alleyesque
MISTLETOE just played on mtv 333
Thanx.
Same to you
Hating Blackberry and/or Verizon and/or Asurion right now  grrrr
Join Pittsburgh Beer Ladies and sign up on Facebook so I know how much chocolate to get!
:
Suburbia: where they tear out the trees  then name streets after them.
yes they are aha i would never date a white boy like them aha
Bar tonight or no bar?
Thanks for the follow!
Back at you!
your tweets warm my heart
Looking for people with an Ag Communications background.
Send resume to
I feel like a loser.
how did you get that close?!
i had presale and i didnt even get that close
oh man, yer in my element, next time just call the Wolf!
Check Out Our Music Reverbnation.com/rachikass
RT It gives me great pleasure that my vs Dilla family get 2 bring MKE another performance Feb 15th!
It's John Cusack!
you right, but I'm on restriction so can't this weekend :
So good seeing you too!
And the night of the Freshman mixer.
Your English was fine.
:  The exhibit is Jan 27th.
See u then!
Talking about .
Most of my classmates work in student services.
College is so fluffy;  shows me that classroom doesn't matter.
that I ate tacos, today, at Qdoba...
BTW, got an ASUS Transformer Prime on the recommendation of , very nice machine.
Excited about the table read for episode 205 of
Back to American Greatness: Knowing no one owes you anything.
Help comes from kindness not by demand from others.
hey whats up?
: Q: What do you think is behind some Americans' fear of Islam?
Answer: Bin Ladin is the real Muslim not an extreme Muslim.
Happy Birthday Luv..
Enjoy ya Day.
RT : IN WORLD THAT DISTANCE WORKER FROM PRODUCT, GARDEN FROM PLATE, HEAD FROM HEART, COMPASSION IS ACT OF RADICALISM!
Our film wakeup is uploaded and ready for lots of secure online submissions!!
GOOD POINT
get me a job!
I just still can't look at you the same way as before.
Love and Loyalty
At the legendary TCUarea dive bar the Oui Lounge, newly remodeled.
It's like stepping into an Instagram photo.
On vaca in St Louis til Thursday  but you can still order!
Use code BEMINE now thru Feb 1st for 15 your whole order!
Thousands of current and former players working together OneTeam RT : ; Y'all hav dun a pretty good job on ur own!
DERRICK ROSE  MVP
TONIGHT: America's 1 Unsigned Artist Showcase, Club Pyramid NYC8pm.
Artists perform FREE.
Must bring  least 1 paying guest.
347 249 9441
Compassion is both teacher  student.
When we show it, we teach it to others.
When we feel it, we learn how it heals.
Leslie Levine
yeah I think I might have noticed that ;
What are the predictions for todays Cleveland Browns game?
Change your twitter password James, I believe you've been hacked unless you're supplementing Packer pay w weight loss ads!
I WILL FINISH ALL OF MY WORK IN THE NEXT TWO WEEKS.
Greenpeace Protests Apple39s Energy Practices By Releasing Balloons  balloons
Watching The Pitch some of these agencies I work with everyday.
That's kind of cool.
Do mobile fitness apps help or hinder personal trainer  nutritionists when working w/clients?
I literally cried tears of anger because of my screen protector not fitting.
I need help.
I know but at least we have Candy Land to look forward to
How was ?
What'd you have?
Some reasonstoloveTheAUC?
Our awesome library!
Getting ready for rehearsal tonight, can't wait to see the fight tomorrow night.
We already know why you are in that session.
lovin the mix your puttin on, truly sad about this whole situation lookin forward to the next couple months and seaport 6
Another chance for you to win that trip to Vegas for the iHeartRadio Music Festival is coming up at 5:10p on !
does that make the society more connected or more fragmented?
Let's go
College completion is an economic development issue for local communities.
Business needs skilled workforce and should be involved.
Watching tv with the best people in the world!
Jackson, Marrisa, and Jessica!
Folklore, Fieldwork, and the Study of History SessionWhy don't folklorist do history anymore???
you too!
Can't wait to try your 'que  bummed I missed that secret supper
feel peachy :D
You're STILL angry at me for that?
That's cool....
just let me know when you grow up.
Oh you hate me?
m yeah, wow thats real interesting....
Thanks for letting me know....
Now when am I supposed to care?.
Think Im going to go to the club with my brothers next Friday .
right now!!!!
Haha And it's ours!
I made it for us : like it???:
If I'm going to invest almost 1,000 for a class, I'd rather learn something from it.
Do you have a favorite song from my new release After Hours?
already my nigga
Good Luck!!
AWAKE has been cancelled.
Damn, Kyle Killen can't catch a break!

The Church is the Living Spiritual Body of LordChristwe have many members but are one body in him  are members one of another!
So now it seems AMC theaters stop their weekend matinee pricing at 4pm, too.
Fortunately, Cabin in the Woods was well worth 10.
Is that Lou Holtz doing the National Weather Service emergency alert tornado warnings on TV?
If you email me the video  I will upload it for you on the backend.
Sorry for the hassle sandy
For when you are feeling alone; Lighthouse by
The FSE Just Happened
Day ain't starting off too good
eat tums like candy to neutralize your stomach acids
Greg Biffle beats Jimmie Johnson to the checkered flag at Texas Motor Speedway.
Fox7 News will follow the postrace show.
I hate the cold
I love how I just refuse to see any doctor about 80th street.
what was the 5 announcement ?
Obligatory unicorn Gotta love Klout's ability to decipher data.
you prove daily..
muscle 
Suddenly there came a tapping, As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
Will do.
Dislike the suspense!
Puff with flat twisted bang and a little flower.
Is anybody home at your office?
Pair of ticket claimers are here.
Fabulous look this morning at what is doing on campus to be sustainable!
I'm inspired to raise awareness at home.
thank YOU!
We hope to see you at the Grand Opening Charity Celebration on April 26.
More music, dancing and Churrasco!
Thousands Of People Came Out To Audition For The !
There Is No Way That Everyone Would Get To Perform.
Really Evaluate Ur Product
so True lol
yay!
Thank you!
What do you think of the doctor Head lawsuit at UCLA?
Do you think its says something larger about academia and race?
Ditto!
You're the hardest working publicist in the world!!
Omg the lights keep flickering..
If my power go out though
Terps win, O's on their way and the Caps weren't taking up any TVs at the bar.
Great night!
you said it!!
Does anyone have a severely sexist movie or TV show suggestion for a paper
This halftime show is campier than Rupaul's doctorg Race, which I hardly thought was possible.
That, to me, is full of win.
Open mic tonight!
Come see 20 of Portland's upandcoming comedians perform.
FREE admission with a 2 item minimum.
uh huh...
Sure!
Excuses excuses!
Lol
Paper.
That's so archaic!
Think I got carried away with my hot totty.
Probably shouldn't have picked the biggest coffee cup I could find.
FF , , Follow for Great Contests, News, Articles, and All things NOVA!
Thanks to mister Claybourn  mister.
Hall for inviting yVote!
to Decatur Central this morning.
We enjoyed our time with your students!
lol he said he did
hahahah wowmomwow that's mad creepy.
Passion 101, When They See Your Passion, They'll Pay You is now available on iTunes, Napster, CDBaby and wherever CD's are sold online
A Canadian girl found his blog and offered him to proofread his articles
how the FCK did i NOT know about before today?
wow, i feel a fool.
love the great vids!
About to have a great day...
YOU better calL!!!
So could 49ers really go from 2 seed to a team with a really crappy qb in one foul swoop????
maybe if there wives make them watch it lol
What voice should I be using?
The big ?
4 me in tweeting 4 SMBMAD Building commu 4 smaller org very diff than
oh cool!
wanna be friends on facebook?
facebook.com/tiffneyuser11
Yea bro you were out of there....Again!
Lol
hey maybe you can make some money off of that.
Got rained on.
Im going to take it out on my liver by doctornking.
Thanks for the plug Robbie!
We love you guys over at Full Contact.
Oh..
: It'll be fine.
Today will go by fast.
Yes!
Sick of these worldseries umps, you should be forcing batters to hit by calling a strike a strike...not walking in runs
Mayweather showed a lot of grit b!
Deschutes Brewery Street Fare Happening Now from 5pm9pm!
Get out and try Portland's Food Carts, Beer Samplers, Hancrafted brews, etc.
Philabundance.org lots of great volunteer opportunities
can we get one of those ice bars?!
AdWords Limits New Ad Rotation to 30 Days
My mother was just talking about PMA!
She dated a few students from there until my father showed up.
Still get boosted everytime i get a free T ride
Thank you :
1st follow by a web media expert.
I will follow back as long U don't tell me what I'm doing wrong, my wife already does that.
Just came back from donating the money, and I raised 100!
I'm very proud!':
RT Can we talk about how I don't have to go to the bathroom right now?
Merry Christmas to you, too, my friend!
May you have a terrific 2012, and see you next year!
It's a typo.
Willie just plans to get high with
Just a quick favor my daughter is hanging out a the Bill MacAnnally pits would you say hello.
John Gaynors girlfriend.
There is no little enemy.
Let me add that this is not for my employer.
It's Blue Collar Wednesday!
Show your business card or come in wearing your work uniform and get 20 off.
Looking for HipHop Female Rappers ala Missy Elliot style, Ms Jade,etc for FILM/TV Projects...
lol yes it's disgusting
Interested in dinner  a trip to SLYC Friday night?
When is the rapture?
Phone sex is so fucking boring!!!!!!!
high altitude humor!
good one.
You could do a sidegig for events at the retreat center as a comedian??
My hair is curly?
thanks for ruining my birthday
The Leakycon announcements just keep getting better and better.
I am so ridiculously excited.
Three points mandatory.
enough said.
: mbchats Is it possible to quit the Internet?
Yes.
Look out for my carrier pigeon.
It's disturbing to see the chili peppers play shirtless in their late 40's and still look better than I did in my teens.
Awesome seeing Tiger win today.
It's been a long road back to the front.
I am not sure why you keep trying to get at me as if we are somehow adversaries.
We are on the same side, trying to solve
No.
Sorry.
That will not work as the science used is different for a true autosomal test.
It is a reflection of all lines.
TY
Yees!
I could have gotten you half priced admission
clearly I left too early!
Hells yeah my dude!
Been waitin' for the return of the purple tape since I was sittin' car seat stlyle...
Ah happiness, I've found the key.
If I could be somebody, I'd be me
Tonight is Salsa night at La Fogata and we are so excited!
The weather is supposed to be lovely in the high 60's.
Big Shoutout to my newest follower ;
Excited to play at SonFest this weekend in Harleton, TX!
We go on at 1:30 PM!
Morning TL waking up is a blessing
People that stare.
I'm so glad London is only 2 hours from where I live:'
is the best Madison in the world!
hacked ;
I'm insulted
If you wanna get with me there's some things you outta know.
I like my beats fast and my bass down low.
Hey.
Thanks for following.
I'm almost to 800 followers.
Can you shout me out?
:
The cerulean blue scene is basically the one thing I remember about the Xfiles.
Weird!
Three Kegger Thursday at 23 Palmer tonight.
C ya der cowboys and cowgirls.
S/O to Ond bad ass girl right there.
RAISE IT!!!!
Pirates win 42 and take the series from the Nats.
is going to San Antonio!
Time to reorder cd's...
DEFY is officially sold out!
YAY
I'm surprised they aren't giving more info.
I'm headed to find out what's happening.
Any idea where the ground activity is?
Yes I agree, but for gay people, he is the first to take an actual stand regardless of if it's fake or not.
YoMommaSoFat she puts insurance on her food.
I'm fine Thanks.!!!!
I just had a party.!
Look at this mothafucka cheatin an gettin mad cuz he knows he cant win without help
exactly or Instagram could partner  offer this RT : or RT : Isn't this called cafepress?
Pay close attention to how dirty her feet are in the Motel 6/sex scene and Becky's death...
loving the Snatch soundtrack
Wow you look like your 16!!
ThingsIGetAlot Uh no im only 14 sorry boo boo 3
thanks so much allison.we appreciate the support!
neasc11 Hotel WiFi finally kicked me out.
No, I don't think I'll pay another 14 for internet for the next several hours of the meeting.
heading up that way today.
Mine are alphabetical by artist and then in order of release.
For most, it's 3, but it really matters to me for some.
who wants to go with me to chedders tonight??
message me!!
yet to be incorrect...thank you I haven't laughed like this in years!
:
lol!
Was thinking I needed to get out the tampons.
I'll just pass the virtual popcorn then.
I'm such a hypocrite.
Happy mother's day is trending...but...it's not mother's day?
i'm totally happy too!!!!
i just love it when we can talk : nothing special..what about you my love??
Thanks for the FF.
I love key lime pie but alas, has stopped carrying it!
id give anything 2 make it big
i know im just one in a million but please make my doctoram come true and follow me 3 3
hotter than fuzzy legs?
Scottish accents are the new Australian accents.
I'll be there Saturday afternoon, won tickets and will need to doctorve, so playin it safe and going in the afternoon.
if you don't care
Tired of tracking oil into your home from the garage/doctorveway?
Is it time to clean it up?
Prices from 95 vegaspressurewashing.com
lol what hi.
nice to meet you, I'm autumn
Old people from hell at this place
He's lost his son, Fabio.
Doing some more work on LibGuides today.
Updating URLs and simplifying database descriptions.
Trains on Poplar
What will come first?
News about acceptance to a film festival or my son?
they deserve to lose then.
there is more!!
Keep watching!
That's great man, glad it is working out as you'd hoped.
Whats good Free!!
i think that's the pay version of Jing!
d'oh!
:
holy fuck I'm so jealous.
Have fun!
Celebrity Death Tweeting: the practice of succinct shorthandcommiseration on an oftfrivolous or marketinggearedplatform.
HAHA RT : I'm sure that was his childhood doctoram  to be broadcasting in the restroom.
:
I actually saw you at school today!!
The new move is calling for value OOP
Locked sister out of the car in the pouring rain the she got locked out of the house HAHA
For those who are here...
Reflect on
you're so hypocritical.
All you do is bash Obama and he's running for office.
Why can't do the same?
RT : THIS: : I wish Beyonce  JayZ would get on stage  present their baby to the world like Mufasa did in the...
dude we just learned that in my religion class, cause we've been watching inception loll
Friendship should be a two way street.
I have friends who a one way people.
Need to edit them from my life.
im going to need aproximally 50 disks to hold all my music  i dont have that many disks.
All change is not growth, as all movement is not forward.Ellen Glasgow
u have spurs 3rd??
Or did you just try to butter up to get on air?
Last I checked u have spurs 1  hate the heat
it's an iPhone :
Got a Hunger Games look you're dying to share?
Show us!
I just...
I don't even know.
You know?
Literature in English goes nowhere in an Englishonly environment.
Was it a doctoram or did you mention at one time could be used to do group baby announcement text messaging?
Happy Friday the 13th.
Can you spell tristadecaphobia?
Don't know if that's right?
lol some people are so quick to believe whatever they hear without any proof whatsoever.
Don't try to impress me with bs.
Believe me, I can tell you're making stuff up.
wow why the hell am I up?
I think it's time for another lovely morning walk.
Gotta love waking up in a good mood.
wasnt here for a long time again D;
Check out Be part of our revolutionary experiment in generositybased publishing.
Well, this is quite interesting.
mine is almost equal to both of yours combined :p not that it matters.
TwSIG Make the twitter interesting and engaging.
Then the click links can be measured.
how many click throughs.
Merp merica Merp merica o how cray that crow is sitting on ledge o shit I fell off and bummed my head!
Not a believer in amnesty?
RT About to demolish some tacos.
Win a Strawberry Lemonade from FOX6 and McDonald's!
Just tell us the highlight of your weekend.
Email with your answer.
Paramount here I come  meeting with the crew, apparently we're making a movie, that's what they're telling me.
I'll let you guys know.
ASTD2011 anyone in the area ...
stop by at Howling At the Moon on International doctorve.
:
The loveliest masterpiece of the heart of God is the heart of a mother.
St.
Therese of Lisieux
Rapping fried chickens thats eating watermelon
may disown me for this but need a big victory from the Cards today!!!
Lets go Louisville!!!
This is depressing
Umm when I'm gonna see u next?
Sooner then later jerk ; xx
I wanna see the avengers so bad :
Staying in silver cloud hotel in Seattle pretty nice relaxing :
not sure who's doing anything.
Some of the mogs I went to high school with still are in a high schoolers mindframe.
Listening to that old school b.w.a.
The adventures of Hunckle Bucket
What does it mean when you feel like yournlosing your eyevision but your really not ????
Damn hackers!
Hope it was just a one time thing!
I'm nobody special they need to get a life!
Hope all is well with you!
Completed the longest run of my life today!
Ran along the beach from Lincoln Park 2 Alki, 11 miles out n back in 1h 48min
Moving is so overrated!
But at least the new house is within a block of a starbucks, liquor store, and restaurants!
it's not crazy talk...
but we've failed to OccupyLanguage and the term conspiracy now has a different connotation.
I don't think I need to tell you how special the Parkrose community is!
Couple of cute houses in Maywood.
I know a great gardener.
So.
Much.
Homework.
Danny Brown: the web is just the web.
Don't get bogged down in numbers.
But the U.S.
DOJ should be investigating  heads should roll.
Crumbling like pastries makes me love Ed Sheeran's A Team so much.
Total sucker for songs that reference baked goods.
My head says Who cares...
then my heart says You do stupid...
OK!
OK!
Geez!
Stuffed breadsticks, anyone?
was supposed to work at 3, thought I worked at 4.
Rolled in at 4:10 soberliving :
A thank you Bucks chant from Thank you Squad Six.
Thank you fans.
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your doctorams
I was lmfao!
Awwhh I love herr!
what up tony don't mean to bug you did you check those tracks out its under thanks man just checkin
Yeah that's what I thought eminem.
O pubcrawl sounds like fun.
Retirement sounds better.
We as a show are not biased to Chris Brown!
I myself thinks what he did was wrong  hopefully hes changed.....
snickers I think dink means something else here.
looks it up on Urban Dictionary bleaches eyes I shouldn't do that.
Good morning Weslye.
Let us honor the lovely Rosa Parks today and her courageous act of dignity and restraint.
Thanks.
Okay I don't have time to get sick!
ikr  I'm about to make some
Thanks, man.
Writing your own bio is already awkward, so I just went with it.
I subscribed to your feed.
Looking fwd to it!
I feel like a zombie
You will all enjoy my twitter avatar when it updates.
I have no respect for guys who call girls their bitches and hoes .t
Can't wait for u to kick our butts this weekend in Solea  Buleria workshops!!
I just read about you in the Observer!
Have fun at the conference.
What a fun night.
Lots o' talent.
Thanks!
GoodNight Shout Put Too  3
Is the song that I continue to press play, repeat over and over again.
Thank you  
I know you like to run, but what else do you enjoy for working out?
Crossfit?
I wonder who Royle is rooting for...Matusz or Napoli?
If not stay sleep
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the fuck is the ceiling!?
Jesus and some lady in Walterboro, South Carolina just saved me 100!!!
It's just one game either way.
We still have a lot more coming.
There is Nothing Like a Humble, Sweet, Loving, Caring, Patient, Understanding, Compassionate, Intelligent  Beautiful woman!
When you have only one guy that you can say, You smell good.
to, THAT'S the keeper.
Houston: 1 increase in college grads will equal 4.2 billion in economic impact
1RT : I miss the fat
Now I know what Generation X is up to!
Land of opportunity!
And ambulance chasing!
RT : Twothirds of the worlds lawyers live in the United States.
oh stop lol I texted you earlier and you never texted back
Maria?
She'll live.
ahah didn't know I was follow ya ..
hey puss aha
i,m deff a music head yup yup retweet if u love music
o sorry i meant to tweet and individual.....
Its Friday biatches
Jeppa Joes is trying out a new location today...heading to Catalano Square near MIAD...see you there!
I am frightened to ask what doctorw something is.
Any betting pools on whether Edith gets taken out by the Spanish Flu pandemic before the end?
Im recording ABDC not feeling well  im really tired
closing day  sad.
last 2 shows of Treasure Island!
I'm so lucky that I got to work with awesome people :
I've been to the 500 several times...while this was a great race...really glad I wasn't there!
Fire extinguished.
My train is moving again.
Have a great day.
Risks must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing.
Leo Buscaglia
never heard of u
ThingsIWantTheMost: to stay with you forever.
Lol you sound just like me!
I just used mines Saturday, now I still have a movie card waiting.
who you callin' 'hoe'?
I'm fine thanks, how are you?
professorssor got me sick!
ugh!!
you took my lighter!!
bastured..
I'm pickin up my offices packets tonight I hear we all get maracas lmao
People are dissing Omarion for signing to Maybach Music Group?
Be happy for the guy, I'm sure there's no anal sex involved at the new label.
I'll be doing that tomorrow.
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start
Yesterday we made some updates to how designs get upload, if you are having difficulties, please yell at
To show how thankful we are to all our fans, we're giving you 3 chances to win a free Scorzie today...stay tuned!!
Happy Thanksgiving...
10FBtips Respond to comments and wall poststhe sooner the better!
80 of people you respond to will go on to make a purchase decision.
aww you look exhausted!
HULK SMASH!
Hey, I just pick Caller 10.
It's up to you to BE that caller : Keep tryin'!
It would be AWESOME if you tweeted me today
thanks so much for the mention, you rock.
I think he hates Beyonce more.
She doesn't let even come by the house anymore
Shout out for DHSI!
8:30 on a Friday night...got out of the shop early!
Sometimes with my music, I feel like I'm speaking this secret language.
And I get so excited when people understand.
I think I can get laid.
I think I can get laid.
I think I can get laid.
WHEN YHU GUYS B POSTING THAT YAL GOING TO SLEEP OR SOME LIKE DAT, IM GON' B RESPECTFUL  REPLY BAK TO DAT CUZ I KNO MOST PPL WONT.
RT If you are a twitter JUNKIE!
xDD
Time ta get started
See Scarlett Johansson39;s Avengers Beauty Look From All Angles
thanks for the follow guys!!
stop texting me my phone isnt working!!
YUM!
RT Our soup of the day is a delicious rich tortilla soup garnished with flash fried tortilla strips and avocado!
isnt it six dollars now?
And imax is 8!
Prototype 2
I love how no one realized how good the beastie boys were until MCA died
last day to save 20 on your order!
use code justcuz11 in your shopping cart
You set a table before me as my enemies watch; 
Save money on books by going to the library instead...
Just make sure you return them on time!
NEVER SAY YOU DON'T NEED THE KIT.
Tupac said that and well...
SomePeopleNeedTo lose weight now ask me how!
I'm gonna find someone, someday, who might actually treat me well.3 It's too late for you to come around begging for forgiveness/3
Interesting tidbit from Q  A via Carlos Barbosa: the color blue in the Atlantis Lounge?
Hotly debated!
they annoyed me : but this is like an ongoing trend...
EVERYONE LIKES THE BOYBANDS!!!
Technology and home brew....this is an excellent article for the lover of both tech and beer!
thanks ash!
It's hard out here!!
TONIGHT AT 1 AMTwitter contest for the FIRST of TWO OSS Passes will be going down...STAY TUNED TO OUR TWITTER TO WIN!!!!!
pulsehiphop.net
3 hours, 6 minutes until Happy Hour!
You can thank the faculty at Garfield High School for requesting and earlier Happy Hour on Fridays.
Pls email to volunteer for
yea probably.so what's new?
Dells up?
: thats because your not!
you can spam me any day :
Bush league Fakers show true colors.
Entire LA organization embarassed in ignominous, truly embarassing defeat.
are going to be on the warped tour?!
Heck yes!
Going this summer in New Jersey!
I'm having one of those lazy days where I'd rather throw out my dirty hot chocolate mug, than clean it.
Ok, I've got a silly question.
See, I'm too cheap to buy a foam roller right now, but I DO have a swim noodle.
Whatcha think?:
I love rainy days!
In those days I love watching some films or Austin's vids!
It's so cozy...:
this is a joke right???
Congrats to the 2012 grads!
I wanna go to the city but it's to cold.
Happy You Accidentally Got Pregnant and Kept the Baby day!!!
1whole week of detention next week .
o yeah
is it for a single post or a category template?
incategory only works for single post display.
Enjoy your day D :
sure thing and you!
Shot a great interview last night for 217 magazine details are soon to follow.
You bet it is.
It takes something that's a chore and makes it a group accomplishment.
Thanks!
You bringing the taco dip?
he is no joke right about now
About to photograph quite possibly the cutest baby I've ever seen.
Happy afternoon!
since I'm American.
Azteca in Mexico City.
Cup qualifier.
Copy Zidiane's from the 2006 World Cup final.
mhm.
Like ok I DID think it was kayden but it's not.
So now idk who it could possibly be.
Or like why would someone do tht?
Well so far I have one new attagirl item made and one new HazelHaverly item made.
Only about 20 to go...no big deal.
wow!
totally actionpacked and from the heart.
re: Gotta be Zakk Wylde's Farewell Ballad
Why do I get ten trillion random friend requests on facebook???
thx for playing but u still LOST lol, try back again tomorrow...
I would probably put Vick lower, or not include him at all.
There are too many QBs better than him now
when are you guys going?
I never wanna see that nigga again.
He was a waste of time, money, paper, and ink.
I finally convinced my mom to not call the tutor back.
Can I please one fucking woman I like to treat me right?
Just one
Great day talking developmental ed reform with leaders from
LITTLE SISTER LOL
Your rock, Elyssa!
RT : I love !
I'm a huge fan.
I probably eat there at least once a week for lunch.
I hate State exams, what's the whole point of it 
didn't get a text but gathered the deets from tweets.
will send  spread.
Thank you, thank you, thank you for the retweet.
God bless.
Eric with Naked Like Adam
It's a new dawn, it's a new day, it's a new life for me, and I'm feelin' good
Everything reminds me of you, and it upsets me so very much.
And I hate you for it, but I can't hate you because I still love you.
Thanks dudes for the support
Last minute 99 special for this Saturday, September 25!
Stay tuned for the link to book your room!
Exclusively on Twitter and Facebook.
Keyla Snowden has blue finger nails...and is leading scorer
hey adam, how are you?
Yet often, a metaphor is the most apt description.
RT : DESCRIPTION IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN METAPHOR
thanks!
Youll have to keep me updated with all the great things will be doing next year!
he's dead, miletti
Tedious box office analysis add worse by first Japanese abbreviation conversion into numbers and then yen to dollars conversion.
of messing up.
When we bring a gift to a party, love to give homemade foods  fudge, olive oils, vinegars  even liqueurs
When let's me over to use her shower when my water heater is broken
Hasn't hit me that I'm now 22.
I feel so old saying that
come back
Game of Thrones time!!
Getting lawlers today.
Yepp.
Doing it.
hello SOCIAL ADDICTS AKA TWITTER BUGS...
LOL So..
whats SMOKING TONIGHT?
Just received a great new assignment  coordinating the visit of a group of Tibetan monks to make a sand mandala this fall.
Today was some day.
Began with a discussion with Parkside's chancellor and ended with a call from Madison's.
Everybody
well glad to know I made ur day I guess my good deed for the day is complete lol
Looks like fun!
RT Join us at 6PM  The Robinson Theater for doctormming, Theater  Dance by young people in our fall '10 programs
Watching The Vow 
Just so you know, is a saint.
Thanks Kdenks for sending my tax info!
Your Mt.
Dew and Jelly Beans are in the mail.
Arlington doctorfthouse Live StandUp Comedy at the Old Arlington Grill  ONLY 5 Thursday 11/10 at 8:00 PM
RT : Thanks for the shoutout to RT : Startup Neighborhoods  An Infographic of Toronto...
I am not bound by my past, but instead defined by God's future for me.
If there's one thing I've learned recently it's to just take everything in stride and it will all work out for the best.
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that you love to death, but kind of wants to kill at times.
Such a short solo for the judges to make decisions.
I don't envy their challenge in selecting dancers.
that's false he's only legitimately been to 1
You want to study acting in order to work as an actor.
So many actors want to get 'beat up' so they have something to blame their career on
And the environment!
Thanks for following my twitter feed.
Best of luck with your personal development.
I bet you have a lot to give others too!
what belly??
You look Gr8!!
Just got back from the theaters.
Saw Titanic, didn't cry.
goal today...work on article and then talk for sunday!
I do love legislators that can rock the
Just came home to eat the rest of the Fettucine Alfredo and some oreo snack cakes.
Ill cry in the morning.
Guys, my brother's too cool for Twitter, but he's organizing the event behind the balloonacy hashtag  check it out!
fuck off jew
Twin baby girls proving a big doctorw at the booth
OH HAY DERE
We'll be on Q101's Local101 tonight at 9pm!
And don't forget our show at the Subterranean this Wednesday!
I really do.
He is like a really big kid who has a lot of issues....and it doesn't make it right, but I think he was just excited!
Pete PIERRE is a sad truck.
He miss you today
Josh!
Thanks for following!
I can ask my parents
Singing around the piano is what we do best.
Right 
Today TFG will be conducting our first interview with Image 1st Miami!
Wish us luck  stay tuned for the final product!
BTW, Happy NYE!
FINALLY ..
Finished with My hair ...
To bed i go
Uh oh, probably flustered by major police presence here in the flatiron district got a large iced coffee instead of the usual iced tea !!!
Hello Everyone!
Working on some material.
Hope you all are having a wonderful week in the new 2012.
:
I just recruited a new consultant!
He just opened himself up to a new world of opportunities!
thank you for the most awesome birthday song on my phone.
Saved forever : besos.
.
I never said that.
At all that's bullshit.
After awhille the small things become big things .
Best of luck to the best closer in the history of the game.
And that's from a Tigers fan.
Rivera is all class.
young forever the ready set!
love that song 3
WhenTheBossIsAway deadlines don't mean jack.
None from me, sorry.
Can't make it to the movies this year, unfortunately.
StoneSoulPicnic SONG OF THE DAY EVERYBODY LOVES THE SUNSHINERoy Ayers
It's 3:15 and I'm just waking up?
I hate being sick..
speed on pole looking to be what realistically this year?
220.....218?
email sent :
Watch monday!!!!
Not gunna lie..this is hilarious!!
RT Snooki launches Snookify Me app that turns you into Jersey Shore guidette in photos
RT : Scottie Pippen making what I believe is his first Rose Garden appearance since leaving the
Hi everyone, I just launched my new website for my private teaching stuff.
Check out northshoreguitar.com
it's off to our gym, Duke Roufus MMA Academy, for weighins  physicals for tomorrow's Gladiators show.
50 MMA fighters in 2 hours!
I wish just one calm intelligent person could respond and the rest of us just ignore him because he's the equivalent
I've never hated on any of my peoples.
Nor would I talk down or hiside for some female.
Just getting started w/ at an afterschool center for my dissertation research.
Interested in your work.
I really wanted to make it on this trip, but it won't work.
Next time.
The photos I've seen are unreal!
The world is yours.....
Its priced high, but if youre planning a special night it's worth it.
You'll never forget the view.
Wind gusts to 50 MPH possible between now and midnight.
Showers overnight.
Much cooler tomorrow.
Sunny weekend ahead of us.
RT :Today is localday.Tweet your zip code as a hash sign  build new connections with your neighbors and local community.
28211
Great having dinner with you the other night, next time you are in town we'll have to come to how was the salami?
lolol I'm full of them :
Thanks, Is Bordetella an everyyear vaccine or can it be less often?
Oh...remind self to NOT sleep on stomach...the pain!!
Acid reflux strikes with a vengeance!...That bloody hurts!
throat on fire!
Free Shipping on all of our books for Lent!
May the Lord enlighten all of you to live the life of the Gospel.
Please pray for us.
So stereotyping is all right when you do it?
My past impression was that you were against it, period.
Right?
We're geniuses in the idea department, but this one would blow even Einstein away
I'm soo proud of you!!!!
if I have a philosophy, it's subvert the artifice.
good job!!!
Slick living swag!!!!!!
NetCDP Online Backup compression makes it much more cost effective and faster than most Online Backup services.
At for Music is pretty slamming right now!
Check out on now!
Trust me you won't regret it.
Surprised to hear folks talking Dublin Core at the Symposium on Laptop Ensembles and Orchestras  thoughtful work.
Do you crave an experience that only holding a book in your hand can give you?
welcome back!
Fabulous, uberspicy meal at Little Serow last night w/  friends.
For all my Raiders friends and followers, time for the Packers to do business.
You know you got game when a girl jumps back onto the Titanic for you.
There was probably room for two on that door though...
Fast Jimmy Johnson Bring it home!!
: Thanks so much for the follow!
:
Support independent black cinema.
About to see
if she says yes, i will have more of a reason to love Ana lol
Now That's Telling Them
Hood is up and work is gettin' done tonight
Cigarettes do not make u go to hell.
It just makes you smell like you've been there!
Yes!
Actually, I am going to start dipping coffee.
4th of July Liners are up now, from your favorite country artists, in productionvault!
Check it out!
The more and more they show the replay i think he should get a fucken red card!
so exciting!
have the best time EVER.
thebachelorette The helicopter guy is douchy
: I'm just really frustrated tell me about it...
Lol you want help?
Just got my W2.
Damn am I a fuckin loser.
Try this: call 8665840774, ask any question, get called back with the answer
Great time to replace your old foam in your sofa cushions!!
30 discount if you mention this tweet!
Bird Lives
Well ok.
MKG shows up for these games.
That's for sure.
thanks for coming!
I hope you got yours running!
thank you for following our brand new twitter account.
Website launch coming shortly.
We invite your followers to follow us
I LOVE that song
you are look
What's happened to your site?
I have used it in my course in the past, but it seems to have gone bellyup.
I accompanied college students during their end of semester juries.
The best is how relieved they are when they're done.
LAW AND ORDER COMMUNITY is like a combination of my two favorite things ever.
But...I have to wait to watch it until the so gets home :
People stop hating on the Sixers!
If you fucking watch basketball.
D Rose was out more than half the season.
Get your fucking facts right
I'm fine
Now that's funny.
He bit the hand that fed him four years to early.
2016 would be his shot.
i need that green leaf ASAP
CNN: This is NOT breaking news: Pope Benedict XVI has met with Cuba's former leader, Fidel Castro
Oh Ben, let's not even think about a life without each other.
We're together now and that will never change.
you should get XBOX.
THEN, Ill play you in Call of duty.
DEAL?;
I don't know who Josh Hamilton is or why his name is all over my feed....
Seems to be the trend
Cuz u r a slut I should of listen to Nicholas : Good Bye
Agreed, but it's definitely for the better.
This team needs to rebuild through the doctorft, not by getting swept in the 1st rd
It's so nice spending time with old friends
Brain Anderson just assuming that the Cubs will bunt here is precisely what is wrong with baseball.
Good Morning
I guess the good ole fashion ass whoopin is just a rare unorthodox trademark of the 90s..
Always there in spirit!
Helps that I can listen to in Chicago!
RT : Shooting at the world cause life is jus a free throw
Aww aren't you the sweetest and I agree with that.
Lets be best friends ok?
k :
I have to explain daily to my cat that my hair is not his toy.
orange chicken :
is this Antonio D'Ambrosio's movie?
replacemovienameswithbacon Never Say Bacon!!
;
Currently planning 2012 schedule now.
Probably will be in the area in the fall.
Just want to thank everyone for following us.
We should have the first version of our site up soon and are very excited.
Thanks Again!
Have a gorgeous morning and an absolutely fabulous day ta ta dahlings
First walkabout with 5D Mark I and 24105 1:4  the rest of the L series will have to earn their time.
I'm going to like this.
occupypierstonight Consumers need to vote with their .
Buy from companies who keep jobs in US.
Creating arts and crafts projects for a summer program using recycled paint!
Does anyone have any ideas?
So looking to bust a nut
text me!
Lol so are you
ADOT is reducing the speed limit in both directions on SR87 from 65 to 45 mph btw mm 191  mm 193 for fire crew safety.
Differentiate your business by actually showing your customers that you care about doing business with them more than once.
A rare thing.
She was also pretty public with Ms.
Jenkins, imo
I'm a G boy, get smoked by da p boi
ok this time change is ony causing my brain my feel many wtfs.
HOW IS IT ALREADY 6PM!!????
Where the....
what the...?
huh??
Will you be able to use public transit to get to the new job?
If so, I recommend.
It's nice letting someone else doctorve.
good job hannah hahaha
Red sky at night, sailor's delight.
Red sky in the morning, sailor's heed warning.
Will thi old wives' tale hold true today?
Hope not!
I feel like I focus better on homework at night.
Too bad that's when I have to sleep.
/
thank you for the shout out!!
So tired right now.
I'm going to sleep.
so confused by this tweet.
Mustang Alley is a bar here in bmore
orioles look TIRED.
Hopefully they leave Matusz out there to take one for the club.
Whether it's Follow Friday or Aloha Friday, looks like a great resource for windowsphone and kiddori users.
faculty planning now going into breakout groups.
We will be tweeting using the hashtag
I'm a CA native.
Earthquake doctorlls in all grades.
5.8 no big deal there, but state codes require specific safety regs not found elsewhere.
Yea he did nigga must be tired I guess smh RT LeBron gave up on that play smh
it's cool.
Clorissa told me to tell you to follow her.
I cannot stand lmfao most annoying band ever who gives a fuck that they party rock
Ima live a lil cause people lie alot  die alot like ma bd say lmbo he mad I stole his fb status n put it on here im just playin w him doa
Cant wait untill the new season 2 of teen wolf
Thank you!
A friend is, as it were, a second self.
RETIRING JIZZLE...!!
NEW SITUATIONS!!
RT : Sunday!
The Sowebo Fest is this Sunday!
We can't wait to see everyone there!
It's 129, come early and stay late
I keep forgetting that.
Not that I'm worried about the number.
All I have to do is feed the bots if I want a bigger number.
:
Damn Im Ready Ta Go Ta MIA
Thx for sharing inspiration RT : : People do not change, they are merely revealed.
Anne Enright
really?
That'll be great!
Waiting on good NYC weather...
I hate cold and I hate humidity.
not missing out at all...this new tweet deck is no fun...I have to figure out how to get back to the simple/original tweetdeck...
Don't overlook the search options in the Grades tool.
Great way to filter students by score, etc.
Dude!
Dakota is talk to me Oe Help me....
What sits below the tip?
Zombie apocalypse survival tips?
Thanks for the information!
You are welcome to email us at serviceonlynaturalpet.com as well!
me too and I don't smoke!!
If GOD says it.
You best believe HE will sure enough do it.
HE cannot and will not go back on HIS word.
Writing up my judge's comments.
It was a difficult decision to make.
In fact, I just might change my mind at the end of these 140 characters
good job at practice
Definitely!!!
Let's do Lunch or Dinner soon!
That's only for when I'm eating actual baked potatoes..I'm making mashed potatoes..lol..
not a Man City fan by any stretch of the imagination, but how they won the Premiership was fucking legendary.
well played.
Enjoy outdoor pursuits like hiking, snowshoeing?
Campbell Outdoor Club meets 5:30 pm Jan 3 at 155 High St to plan selfled trips/share info.
doctor Cokley is looking at how racial identity impacts academic success  particularly the challenges that Black students face
Haha these women are all acting like they are happy their husband is having a baby with that woman...
straight faking it...
watching American Idol :
RT my thumb hurts twitter and Facebook, what shall i do ?
No, not in this tasting.
Not familiar with those producers...will keep an eye out.
I think everyone would love to see that, ed, watch out
Admit it.
At one point in your life you pretended that the floor was hot lava and if you stepped on it you'd die.
Hey I just met you, and already I don't like you, so heres my addoctorss,fight me maybe?
wife won't let me get an Xbox.
It's like that.
I just ran a test with Mike K.'s Predator II program and it generated the winning pick for the Saturday Texas midday Pick 4 game.

We are excited about continuing our collaboration this year as well!
Should be a great series.
Samsung Galaxy S I smartphone delights with exclusive features, voice interactions
great week of senior loving advocacy.
Look forward to seeing you in Dallas at
just tryna end the school year, hbu
I think D Rose is pretty much guaranteeing a win!
RT Going to the Bulls Game tonight with hoping to see a
i rlly need a new background!!!
most amazingly beautiful  tallented girls!!
evss!!
I have learned that there is, indeed, such a thing as a stupid question.
HEY PEOPLE YOU SHOULD FOLLOW SHE'S REALLY COOL!!
SO FOLLOWER HER!!!
RT : Fave Quote!
: It's ok to share something before its perfect, the world will help you.
Why are the identities of NSTIC finalists not being made public?
It is o'clock too early on a Saturday and I am at a HAm Radio event in Marietta after 3.5 hours sleep.
Shit.
Yes, but more so professorssionally...I had an 8 year career in Urban radio and when I tried moving into a larger market....
See, now you really want to come to THATCamp Hybrid Pedagogy in Portland, huh?
:
Are you optimistic or pessimistic about the economy ?
Are you hiring new workers before the presidential election ?
i love u eben....god bless everyday......i wanted you to win.....but its okay.......your so handsome...
I literally cannot even deal with freaking funny it was.
When you start to hate someone , everything they do begins to annoy you ..
them : Cough you: OOOOHHH MY GOO 
I Totally Geett You !
;D
that looks good...
do they deliver?
lol
Thanks for the props!
Join us for a conversation about mental health, mindfulness  meditation
thanks you :
Ya that's what I thought.
BOYFRIEND on the radio!!!!
North shore mall,
Archival double sided tape actually delights me.
This is not sarcasm.
Babysitting for second day in a row, then back to camp for work yep its official...
Thanks for the MusicMonday Follow.
We really appreciate it!
is grateful for your recommendation.
OH DON'T MIND ME!
I'M JUST BLOWING UP YOUR NOTIFICATIONS!
ImWeakFor anyone who has blue or brown eyes
Can't wait to see it Friday.
I've heard wonderful things!
Today is Sandwich Day!
What are your favorite sandwich shops on social media?
knicks crush magic w/out lin and stoudemire?
wow....maybe they are for real
I was curious as to whether we'd ever loss to Vandy by more ...
We have.
6 times.
It's been a tough year, but still love the cats.
your not Joey...
His account is vertivied:/
I love your Arnold Schwarzenegger impression!
Hahaha
Is having an amazingly difficult time keeping his mouth shut while in Pittsburgh.
Dont talk so much, just kiss me :
I don't like hearing that they don't treat my sister fairly.
Post Edited: Turning Your Passion Into a Business
I could not have fun tonight I was thinking bout too much .
.
.
as a man I appreciate it
going to Lake Ballinger again today.
better prepared today with the clothing situation.
have to head to the store for food and then we are..
new account?
If this is really DA, name two other teammates from the 91 DHS team.
Not sure who to folo.
Biting the hand that feeds you might get you fing teeth knocked out
teamLyndzi but I don't think that's how it's gonna end.
The filthy Yankees lose and my AL Champ Rangers get it done once again!!!
Whatif all the time we spent on Twitter/Facebook etc.
was spent studying?
We'de all be so smart .
my daughter makes me insane lol
Galatians 5:16 KJV This I say then, Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh
I hate that I've been sick since thrusday tottally bull
So if it were played only from Christmas to Epiphany you would not hate it?
Confused, trying to follow...
TINTIN!
I was way off.
xox fashionpassion I DM'd you back : chat soon.
Thank you from all the GTWT girls for volunteering at Personal Statement Day!
Looking forward to acting class in January!
Love running into twitterless kate atwell and at Walgreens and winning a free 16x20 poster :
45 to go 1 mile back to my house?
No thanks!!
Your accelerator fare is less than cool.
ergo, despite your current stage of anger, you're still just a meager rat trapped inside an apparatus meant to keep you there.
thx but i use the organic approach.
connecting 2 followers authentically
can't wait to see it ;
Happy Friday the 13th
We're curious our afternoon commute is coming up, and we need a good audiobook.
What is YOUR favorite listen?
Yet you're checking Twitter and sending texts
No link provided!
Shoot me one and I'll be sure to provide feedback.
i would sit down and have dinner with my family
I hate when I write like a paragraph and I get back a Oh like I just send you a paragraph and all you say is Oh
haha nice!
I always come at night!
I haven't came in like a week though cus I've been sick :/
is in the building
Gonna go to bed....Night :
Entire Law practices have been built off of a properly executed newsletter.
Great talk on social media use in libraryland.
good question.
My boss, who is a lawyer, is attending a lecture on social media and employment law next week.
I am enjoying the last few days of my summer break by sleeping in and reading a lot :
Spent the day celebrating my younger son's bday.
He was delighted by every tiny detail  it was a magical day.
I am feeling so grateful!
Hulu please get new commercials!!
Choir auditions  Fail lol
First Friday in FountainSquare!
not nearly as much hoops tweeting2do today...time2move2my offseason topic of choice...4 weeks from 3rd best season of year...DMB Tour Season
MONEY DON'T MAKE ME I MAKE MONEY
Looking to break the 70 follower mark today; meanwhile, my thirteenyearold self hopes we stay at 69 forever.
Have stuff to sell?
The Butcher's Hill Flea Market is Sat 5/14.
To reserve a space email or call 4106750148
who is it going to be?
iWishThat i wasn't so bored
Our Fans/Followers get in for FREE TONIGHT!
Show us on your phone/printed that you fan/follow us at the door!
excited for sxswEDU  wonder if others have problems w/ eduSocial site  seems down
Thanks so much!
I'm gonna go touch the butt.
Bout to have great days at school!!!!!!!!!Good Luck peoples!!!!!!!!!!
Getting malware warnings on all your links.
When JOBSAct crowd funding provision is enacted, will unleash a new wave of early stage capital, predicts
One of our favorite bands playing in SF on Wednesday!
live at the Regency Ballroom 10/20
my professorle pic
Are you ready to relax.
Take a load off your feet?
Sounds like a good time to heat up your spa and take a dip!
Aloha
it's gonna be so great for you when youre in your place!
Luxe Citizens in NY, NJ, CT, PA..
We are offering impeccable luxury  exotic car rentals and limo services!
Book with
My lip hurts so bad!!
DEPENDS on the sentence
Have you ever : Stared at a hot person and thought...damn were going to make beautiful babies?
:
Are NYG fans that delusional to think we can only trade Osi for a second round pick.
No team with a pulse would do it for less then a 3rd
Yes I'm Still WINNING!
it started just before I arrived, but I think dir.
initated, but dean and vicedean were totally on board.
It's choice  not chance  that determines your destiny.
is discussing the seven deadly mobile myths
no problem!
:
Relationships are hard, but if you truly love that person, you would do anything to make it work!
GEORGE HILL CALLED A FUCKING TIMEOUT!!!
Shopping before work 
And he's a big baby!
All I have in the fridge is kale and champagne.
Hm...
That was a fair block
more like herding cats.
Learning How to Find Words in my Dictionary  Dynamic Therapy ...
No matter what has happened in the past, no matter what might come along in the future, you have 100  of now.
tcp sockets in chrome.
That awkward moment when a student cites 'wikianswers' as a reference in a google doc reviewing the exam content :s
We are getting ready to take the stage at !
FPL stage  6pm!
Exciting times, I will be in Dubai 2126 Apr certing...got to want some to get some
I think I'm in love...
RT Stupid Twitter 140 character limit not allowing me to use proper grammar/punctuation.
If u didn't get enough of Shaun O'Hara on Good Day NY, check him out next on
I love Jenna Marbles.
Warning: these pictures of TOWIE39;s Sam Faiers and Joey Essex may ...
When there is a gap in the conversation don't put your foot in it !
Charlie 'Tremendous' Jones
That is true!
26M settlement in response to the fraudulent mortgage lending practices of banks.
Nowmortgages reduced, interest rates reduced, and funds.
Happy birthday !
Thanks for all you do!
i should go bc i have never been
Kony can eat a dick
The Civil War was one of the greatest things I have ever had the pleasure to witness.
I've never been more proud of my college.
Not me.
Hit the treadmill.
4 miles felt good, but want to run longer tomorrow!
Leicester push the scrum into next week
gurl....
you didn't give me back my necklace....
You have a deck?
Isn't that cheating?
Happy WorldHealthDay!
We're a firm believer in this year's theme Good Health Adds Life to Years.
Make it happen w/ FITzee in your corner!
oh ok, it's chronicle lol, I'm seeing that 2morro, very excited!
Death of Paterno does not cleanse his legacy of covering up for and enabling a serial pedophile.
Yet ESPN and PennState will try
It's official.
My teenage guitar playing self's Stevie Ray Vaughan obsession is back.
Dude was a badass.
ready for the weekend Daniel?
:
Hello !
We are hiring now models for our new website, are you interested to join us?
oh yes.
i'd like that ;
A group of almost 20 fans from about 10 different states are coming this weekend!
Gonna be lots of fun!
Thanks, back at ya!
I Dont Wanna Sound Like A Broken Record Can I Get Refill.......
wait WHAT??
::record scratch:: have you ever seen 7 and 8year olds willingly eat SUSHI?
so beautiful!
xo
this is like us at the botanic gardens last weekend.
We were totally vibing with the plants.
Pleasure of love lasts but a moment, Pain of love lasts a lifetime.
Bette Davis
And now for some Ghostbusters
Running auditions, getting ready for more this afternoon!
Hope everyone is having a lovely day.
It's beautiful in Nashville today!
Saw you in Margin Call last night too!
same as my twitta
oh yeah of course!
Haha
I totally expect Bing  Google to start showing the names of other people who have searched for similar phrases.
Thanks Clarissa!
Follow this lady.
She's going places!
how in the hell does this thing work?
The Polar Bear Plunge was amazing!
The ice cold water wiped my mind and soul clean.
I finally just registered for doctorpalCon SF :
Wake up Lisa!
Today Is Not My Day
Finally getting the weather I hoped for after moving out to DC.
thanks for coming today.
Totally forgot you guys were coming!
Lol.
Hope it wasn't too crazy for u.
Get Scott on Twitter!!
what!?!
No1 is ever too old for boxing!!!!!
And im going for state in about maybe hopfully 2 weeks but idk yet
great to hear!
Thank you for the support :
he keeping better track of my bday than i am
is that kind of redundant?
Let's hope we can do something to solve it!
yes please
ps3 to mediaserv
you need to come to wafflehouse with me and shelby one day
Awesome allhands mtg w/ the CA  VA offices!
Very exciting to be on board w/ such a high growth/innovative PR group!
going camping this weekend with oteam.
we will see what all that is about
saysomethin best.
song.
ever.
omg.
QuestionsLesbiansGetAsked Did you turn lesbian because a guy hurt you?
Mark your calendar, the Rivoli is going to do a wine tour fundoctoriser on September 28!
Look for updates on the 1st Grapes Traipse!
Thanks for tweeting about us being open!!
: We're open again tonight at 9pm!
;
My Friends in 5th grade...Never stopped especially now that I have my own kids
Ok twitter Fam I'm going to bed, I am beyond tired.
sure is
hate you
He is wise who knows the sources of knowledge  who knows who has written and where it is to be found.
A.
A.
Hodge
Who's ready for summer???????
Bored ass fuck o well shots it is
I love our good times but dont forget i still remember the bad ones.
: HateLies3Trust
a song Crusted Feelings from the upcoming album is launched for a postproduction sequence...
one step more towards getting album ready...
Martha Beck Every instance of heartbreak can teach us powerful lessons about creating the kind of love we really want.
Strangers, don't take it personally when I'm scared of yr off leash dog.
How do you even know?
I guess you can smell my fear too.
i Wish i Had a Girl BestF !
oh really?
english is my best subject!
:D
what spot?
MISS QUOTE
LADIES  GENTLEMEN  DCUnited  DC Artist Compilation  is Coming this Summer..
Local Artist Link Up
Oh!
That's not Trevor!
That's Chandler and Abby Wells!
They were at the fair too.
Let's close this one out Bulls !!
nada just getting on twitter before i have to start typing paperwork again.
laughing  my tl.
how are you?
You can't trust thehoopsninja Lol, he jus jealous that he wasn't there.
She sounded legit as any sportswriter.
hahahahahah so you admit lebron is a great talent?
Just got done with our pregame skate, boys looked sharp.
Now to see if we can carry that over when the puck doctorps
follow me back please I miss my white chocolate : : : : team itchyscratchy
I really do, though.
you must have played the whites.
The League is potentially one of the best shows I have ever seen.
Looking forward to the national fast!!!
I guess now we'll all be taking our underwear off.
I look forward to that in so many ways.
Shep Smith, right now.
Our local FOX TV station covered a big job fair we had today.
Hundoctords of candidates showed up...the line stretched out of the building!
Anyone getting DMS from me stating that someone has said horrible stuff about you DONOT OPEN LINK!!
Change your password!
I got hacket!!
I appreciate the tweet.
Shaking off the cobwebs and doing some summer updates for anathemistercords.com.
Long overdue.
If they keep us waiting for Betty much longer, I fear a riot of angry librarians!
Laps around the park!
Gettin in my exercise :
I saw the video It will rain.
Awesome!!!
Love the kissing scene part.
Heheheee...
You're good.
You can act too.
RT
Ah , They won win next game ..
is there a date set for scouting day at Livestrong sporting park?
Dodge Announces Pricing for the Allnew 2013 Dodge Dart With a Starting U.S.
MSRP of 15,995
that sounds like a personal problem!!
We're finna argue.
Last night, I saw a group of people pregaming with their cab doctorver.
MLINY
Sorry New York, I'm not going down without a fight.
In the bookroom, debut novels from two Flannery O'Connor Awardwinning authors, Dana Johnson  Andoctorw Porter.
Synchronicity, or conspiracy?
Did You Really Do Everything Kind?
If thats wht there Doing But Lowkey da Page they on I cnt tell if they Hating or nt Bc I DONT SEE' EM IM N A DIFF BOOK!!
HAHA That is so true 
Need to change the shipping addoctorss on a recent order, can you help?
My email inbox is completely empty  which RARELY happens  don't know what to do with myself
I gotta make sure I go see play football this season!!
Why do I even watch Gallardo vs.
the Cardinals?
Why do I even fucking bother?
I'm jumping song lyrics lol.
small but real greenbacks going well since years startYou?
hey so did you see Avengers?

double date : 3 they make me feel akward!
But I love my girlfriend  boyfriend :D
I can't stop listening to Country.
I have major problems...
I wanna skype
Highly, highly recommend That Bird Has My Wings, by Jarvis Jay Masters.
let's just steal everyone's food.
Denny's
Was on the train this morning and someone peeked over onto my iPad and asked what I was reading.
The answer?
TOP SECRET AMERICA!
This stray dog fuck'n my neighbor trash up.
Thanks Tree Pittsburgh!
You have to connect your last.fm account in settings.
Then it will scrobble all your music as you listen.
Your clothes would look nice on my bedoctorom floor.
I'm assuming that's a good thing...
Haha, thanks!
You were my 1st fan!
I won't forget the little people when I get rich  famous ;
For all u East End folks  Pickup So Close to You by Rachel Carter set in Montauk
I know that is so cool and even Nimoy tweeted about it.
Intro College Writing: Did you see that Derrick Rose jump shot last night?
Daammnnn!!!
Miss Jennie, what are we supposed to be doing?
RT Company on this nippy night would be nice
Braves win!
win!
There has to be evil so that good can prove its purity above it.
umm, no no no.
this is a new bottle.
lol.
yours is long gone!
you bought a handle this is just a bottle.
there are a lot of aftermarket options on amazon  bought one for his iPad.
Did Chris Webber just say that when he hears In the Air tonight, you know its game time?
I can do it all
Was troubled by this, b/c I thought a whole bunch of women are writing, talking, tweeting, fbing, blogging shouting abt violent patriarchy
thanks SO much!
: Up early at the walk!
Happy to be representing at a great event
I'm actually thinking about something along those lines with Achebe's Things Fall Apart.
The world cries out its need.
Having the most insane Shirt sale EVER!!!!!!!!
the sale of the day, 10 dollars for all..
Check it out, these shirts have to sell
DentalTip: Do not put too much toothpaste on your toothbrush as it will foam up.
Too much foam will make you want to spit and rinse too...

Can't wait!
Love you more!
Sorry guys...
Can't make it too 626 asian market
Prosody Live tonight at Ice Bar...
2 weeks away from Twitter but the first baby grass is growing in the yard!
This domestic bit is more than it appeared to be!
Thanks for the mention!
RT : Day 3  Easy way to write a letter home with
Pancakes!
At the Disco
I met Gabriel Mann who not only kills it on revenge as Nolan but was in Josie and the Pussycats!
You guys, this is effing epic!
thank you.
You too!!
love this!
Time to get up and go to work twitter friends.Gotta beat the traffic see ya.
GO GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
I know tricks that you could only doctoram of.
Looks like it's your lucky day.
A killer key change is all you'll ever need
SHE WET LIKE AH POOL THATS WHY ITS RULEE NO RUNNING OR YHUR GOINN TOO SLIP
14 hours later...im finally home.
Fuck.
About Us Page is done!
OMG OMG OMG ME ME ME OMG MAU ME ME ME PLEASE :0 OMG MAU PLLASE FOLLOW ME ILL PASS OUT
Haha she needs to clean that!
Bills would have an easier sell of Vince Young if they said Former Madden Cover Boy working out for team
I Want Sold Out Soundgarden tix from !!!!!
haha thats ok i still cant figure it out but it sounds cool!
lol
This asshole wants to put a binder clip on my nose
It's the end of the world as we know it, and I'm feeling fine...
Oh but I DO remember!
Not too many of us Christmas babies out there!
Overheard today: Sometimes the hardest message to hear is the truth.
I know right : that my word right there I lover the word epic it's better then that word
Can't wait for Digital Peep Show this afternoon at Mario's.
Should be a great panel discussion!
did he say what the reason was for the different names?
Excuse me, ma'am.
You have a little face on your make up..
I'm doctoraming of you tonight
lemon tea and some reading before the day really begins
almost tyme fa lunch
Friday Night Fish Fry starts at 5pm...Support this local charity...Knights of Columbus 15 North Hickory, Arlington Heights..All you can eat
RT : SuperCongress cochair Patty Murray has been a corporate advocate, esp.
4 Microsoft, Boeing.
See her loyal givers bit.ly/mXMOcs
I'm not familiar with this whole scenario.
Sounds doctormatic!
waiting for someone to go with me
following you now
True or False?
Exercise is done against one's wishes and maintained only because the alternative is worse.
George A.
Sheehan
I wanna be apart of history and by helping my idol getting to 1 i will!: boyfriendoctorview 3 Please follow me?
Thanks for coming through tonight with the fellas!
Yay hooray!
Thank you!
you better be not be tweeting and doctorving...
:p
If you could have any household device send out tweets, what would it be?
And we hesitate to ask, what devices would you not want tweeting?
Hope you enjoyed the show!
They.
Are.
Ridiculous.
I HATE moist.
And I hate that moist towelettes are supposed to clean your hands.
Just typing it makes me feel dirty.
Wow!!!
That is one you'll never foget.
Heck, now I'll never forget it.
classless on his part
Bout to cook up a nice breakfast then settle in for 12 hrs of online grind today
I follow back.
Shhhh..
It's a secret.
Pretty sure these jokes are just a phase.
They will only last for a little heil.
Just watched a star trek movie.
but who is norman?
and why are we following him?
not going to happen, I'll eat my shoe if it does
good share  lots of land mines with this sort of stuff
Know I got a step father I love him so much hes a real father to me I got a new step family cus he got 3 other kids but I love them as fam
doctorpalcon at the Open Source Opens Doors for Youth  just showed one of their videos  what heart!
You ripped me off, your love was cheap.
being ugly sucks
since when u r on twitter???
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
George S.
Patton
NACHA is the national ACH assoc.
EBIDS is electronic billing and delivery.
HOLY HEARTHROB!
Our Movies on Demand has an entire genre dedicated to Ryan Gosling!
Ends February 29th, so time is running out!
yea I'll pay you double
What's up?
:3
Come on
If you Rock With Barack in this year's election, follow the Twitter page!
ad
MT :, making me believe in stuff I'd kind of forgotten HT for awhile.
Thanks for that.
I love you.
wiunion
Excited to have you...
SportingKC RT : Excited to be staying in KC for the 2012 season :
Let's whoop up on those Nuggets!
Come on, my Laker boys!!!
You so got this!!!
:
Thanks for the follow!
I should definitely check out your book at some point.
We have a Groupon massage special coming out tomorrow!
kids rattled, tryna guess updates from his facebook news feed
no alarms  no surprises
Okay about to get a job  subway and eat all the sandwiches!
No cold cuts for anybody!
Just me.
Yal can have the meat balls I'm not a fan.
Would any central ohio fans be interested in meeting us in Columbus to buy merch?
This saves you the cost of shipping and we can hang out!
Ha HA!
My influence continues.
Must find a way to extend that.
We could go one better and subreference Moranis as M.M.
on SCTV.
When I die, can some1 change my Facebook status to, Is chillin with Jesus and pals
I need plans!
occupiedmedia.us  Two Kinds of Wealth, Two Kinds of Debt via
RT : I'm not listening to this shit.
This man's a creep.
//LOL
that's why u the man b
the bestest muppet EVER : 
doctorKE MY NIGGA BUT WEN HE SLIPPED ON STAGE IT WUS MAAD FUNNY
So I know im late on this...but is back on Broadway!!
so excited for him!!
I hope you have lots of fun doing it!!
There are 100 days left in 2011.....What do you want to accomplish before the ball doctorps and 2012 has begun?
US soccer only gets mentioned as the butt of a joke, or in ref.
to Becks resigning b/c Posh didn't want to move.
i didn't either!
it's really cool.
anyone who loves animals that much is AOK with me.
thanks!
Those would be interesting.
And damn, that's a nice punchcard.
i would if i was a junior :
If she has a basket on her bike shestoyoungforyoubro haha
make it a city, everyone thinks I'm from Dport, Iowa
People get a little money and they act as if they never knew me.
: needs to run ads explaining tax cuts.
wiright .....tax cuts do not create jobs...history
hey!
Could we get an interview with ya?:
Great to hear you are back on the ice.
game on.
promo vid edit for GKV and Pandora jewelry in the can and on its way
If this was a game, id be playing and u would be in the audience.
The only way that LA will buy U, is if you are the most yourself that U can possibly be .And you use that to change THEM.
William O'Leary
Seriously!
MT Whoa...kinda blown away by the multitude of facets and scope in this Cleveland project.
fuck you cause you wont heal my ankle.
You only heal brian with peas
they got dookie shakes at denneys
It is a fine cause that you support!
but actually, just the fake that this is a sing along is making me so happy :
The little things count 
I'm lying...I don't even really doctornk beer.
Basketball Players  Football Players
good I hope you did
Has it been a good day?!
thanks Byron!!!
Studying in the childoctorn's room of Bender Library and feeling like a little kid again
I'm tired guisee :c
20ThingsAboutMe I take pride in being tobacco free
Vernon Davis doin work.
I don't even know what that it I either use the web, my iphone or tweetdeck
But who is counting or ready to head downtown for food and song.
.
Social issues are about the deepest of values.
So they're always smoldering, needing just a little fuel to erupt.
I think I'm
the Sony a850 is an awesome upgrade.
by far, the best value for a full frame IMO.
I'm a proud sony shooter.
o well sounds personal
It's on the back burner for way down the road.
Now I'm just collecting interesting ideas, so yours will go into that stack!
Looking for a job in the SF Bay area?
247 is testing the west coast market in Nordstrom, Fred Segal,  Neiman Marcus.
Email me if interested
what's a good team name?
People in America are creative i would say lol
so simple...
I want to play with him!
Me too!
He's adorable!
Every problem is a gift  without problems we would not grow.
Always do right by your customers!
It doctorves business....
good good
did you get the photo i sent you?
Happy Mother's Day to my second mommy, 's mom.
shes great!
i love her with all my heart.
hope she has a fantastic day.
I want that link.
Keeping everything bottled up inside is not helping one day I will blow up
What is the hardest thing in the world?
...
To think.
Ralph Waldo Emerson quote via
TJ Miller, Bloomington Indiana tonight and tomorrow night
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, it would make me very happy.
It is only a button please.603
Watchin the lakers lose a playoff game is like Christmas.
Only I have the potential to see that happen 4 times.
Thank the lord that school is almost over.
And you say what?..
About to plan a ski trip out west
Talking with my babe on oovoo:
my lost...it's ok, our bench started and still almost won.
still love my SPURS...a 50win season is still a possibility!
somehow i don't see a c130j landing on a carrier
Finally online!
Hello, world!
: One lucky punter backed Jelavic 1st scorer and 44 final score yesterday!
Was it you?
Just the 4000/1 shot!
betoftheseason
Just realized 75 of my L.A.
visitors have been Jr.
Fellow friends lol thanks for representing : I miss you!!
I've got the ugly gap between my back and my pants
yes, but I think the sender meant it as a ploy, which obviously backfired at least for one recipient!
all I know is fight fight fight, and when I get tired I'll fight some more.
All of the pieces are falling into place for our product launch
well there's that too.
Thanks Suzanne!
I appreciate the blog comment.
Get your Ass to the Boro right now!!!!!
where is the winter wonderland?
Did you and and / team5k go without me?
Last day of college, and what song do I wake up to?
None other than Another Brick in the Wall pt.
II.
How appropriate!
It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, Always do what you are afraid to do.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
3.
When someone looks up a URI, provide useful information, using the standards
Getting new prototypes this week!
I am getting closer to getting this product in the stores.
Also, how did we come up with names for things?
I would have never called a horse horse.
I would have called it a Wingless Pegasus.
Moreno and Cayones..basically 2 minor league nobodies
Looking for interesting ways that nonprofessorts and educators use Twitter
let me know if you're free between sessions for coffee!
Indeed, but aren't there wiser word choices?
Some words encourage improvements, others encourage quitting.
Thanks and others for sharing hiring opportunities for our new high school!
: DM me your number so we can hang out soon:
Got game stop voice mail saying my pre orderd masseffect3 is gonna be there tuesday :
Newsflash: Underwear is not a Halloween costume.
I need a job fack
Mildly disheartened to learn that it wasn't my design presentation that rocked the building today
The Swartwood team will be tabling at USC on Thurs during PreHealth week.
Stop by, say hello and gain more info at the event!
Still excited about what the Memphis Grizzlies did last night to the L.A.
Clippers  now I'm headed to this morning meeting.
Our office is fully equipped, licensed, and designed to offer full spectrum dentistry.
lmao that's like the most gorgeousestttt picture ever!!
3
God is SO good  faithful.
He takes delight in you!
His mercies are new today.
His love is great and His promises are sure!
Stand firm!
I love your honesty
Thank you for all of your hard work planning The Knot Cocktails  Connections event!
Exciting things to help me through the next 5 weeks: 's graduation, a trip to Portland, planning
I think the Best Original Score tonight was backstage between Kirk Douglas and Anne Hathaway
It takes a bit of luck.
LA will you PLEASE rescue me!?
I need to come back to you!
Legs hurt, shoulders hurt, hips hurt.
Let's do it again.
DWTS and SMASH tonight.
Awesome!
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality
sorry for spamming your timelines
Missing you!
We hve so much to catch up on.
one of your best tweets ever.
ass!
We were supposed to go this week!
Never give permanent feelings to a temporary person...
Thanks to everyone who donated during 's Give BIG fundoctorising event yesterday.
ahh nahh its not!
Haha you cant play me
Why The 7 Billion Keystone XL Pipeline Is The Most Controversial Business Venture In America via
Look what you've done to me.
Hoping we don't slow down with roy in
Greg Hunter does a sit down interview with Davey Richards.
Richards explains that it's all about respect for him.
A lightweight book will sell...nothing too intellectual for teapartiers, or their brain will explode.
RT : Seattle ppc folk  is hiring PPC Managers!
If you are interested shoot me a DM  I'll pass it along
Helping a friend set up a facebook and he asks don't we have to do this on my computer
College Football HOF inductee Jimmy Johnson coached HSFB at Picayune HS in 1966.
Chiefs Rookie Camp Dexter Heyman definitely has the size and build.
I can't wait to see him hit.
dog park!
Would love to get a look through the archive but it's sadly been down for days.
Hopefully back online soon...
He was good in Allie McBeal, too!
It's on tonight!!
Final at Turner Hall.
Let's do this!!!
ThingsThatGuysLike when girls text them first
yes.
But he follows me on twitter.
Beat that, deck.
I'm so happy I could cry......
Haha
EXCITED!
Congratulations n good luck against Philly!
R u going to b on sidelines?
TuesdayTrivia did you know that 9,276 walkers participated in last months AIDSWalk?
Thanks to everyone who came out to support !
Oh my, I am a sucker for raspberries!
Thank you so much!
let me find out u back in the city
aww.
tear have fun guys lahh ya
GOOODNIGHTTT!!!
VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE  DON'T FORGET TO VOTE FOR ''THE MOS WANTED''' OH  REMEMBER TO VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE :D
Your goal was amazing!
It brought some happiness to my timeline!
Congrats again from an SKC fan!
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe : 20
WhenAustin Acted like Alex on ustream.
I'm not singing...
Come on man, you can't be that bad!
Don't...push it.
And...scene.
:
: I HATE writing a long mesage to someone , But all you get back is...
LOL or Ok.
Action plan: create/review twitter strategy.
Assess content.
Create posting calendar.
Test your msging.
Review reports.
A phone talk right now would be 'called for.'
LOL, that is surely one way to stand out in the crowd!
Crusing around Downtown with shinece ..pretty live tonight 
What are you fucke ing doing ?
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there!
/ If a BUZhunt target RTs your tweet, then all handles in your tweet earn a BONUS.
A reply just gives YOU a bonus.
Theres going to be alot of good movies this summer.
Just watched your videos, your voice is amazing!!
:D
Thank you for attending!
Follow us to find out when the film will be released theatrically
Joel Ward!
Dogs everywhere!!!!!
RT : Man we were putting in some hours that night teamwork building  mad hours!!!
Omg,I loves you3
Real Cubs fans don't HATE the Sox; Hatred of the Cubs seems to be requisite one of many Sox fans.
See you next week!
RT: M1K3P1R0 I'm playing Johnny Cash in celebration of GREAT NEWS!
YOU SHOULD TOO!
WOOT!
We're deciding movie time tonight.
It'll probably be post happy hour.
Down goes Chelsea.
Down goes Terry.
Couldn't happen to a better guy.
just had his best save of the season, and it was off of our own defense.
Strange start to the year.
At home with my thoughts, that's to scary
oh?
well on what mate?
just ask and I'll answer
Nope, I've been living in Seattle for about a year and a half.
Just passed through CVG on my way to Lexington.
:
hey man, Building The Towers is pretty crazy, Desecration Day is popular, what do you play?
Shit!
Why aren't you in MY class?!
Really excited and happy for your reunion tomorrow!
Besos
Our event with doctor Wazny for this evening has been postponed to November 9th.
Congrats on graduating yesterday!
Pac10 didn't get any wins this big during the season.
And thats counting Stanford and Washington's run in NIT.
Happy Birthday HOZ.
RIP
What an awesome reminder this am.
;
That was not good!
Scary and terrible!
no that makes it more sad
yup  I just requested  added today!!!!
Sounds like a good read then!
Awesome.
:
Although I have to admit that most of them are writers.
So they might not be the best judge of what is commercial.
We're all partners together in creating a positive learning environment for every child.
Ranch  blue cheese
if u saw me u must have been eating there too
Looking for a new ERP or ecommerce solution that doesn't leach all of your professorts?
Me too!
Magento has been a promising frontier...but
But I'll join you in chastising whichever university starts charging to teach students Realtime Reporting Techniques 101
The best part of Valentine's Day is the discount candy on February 15.
Great work!
Long may Vin reign.
And very sorry we didn't debut a beautiful 19yearold from Spavinaw all over again today.
Ugh What To Do First...
100thingsihate There is too much hate in the world!
Agree RT : Recently I've found a bit of peace during the night by taking the time to glance up at the stars They are so beautiful
Can't fuck with no lame copycat type bitch.
Neighbor started mowing his lawn about 10 minutes before the downpour.
It was thundering however.
Smart guy.
Rain nd Snow in Spring:/ never good
are these sketches publicly accessible?
I'd love to review them.
Aren't those LA meetings super fun?!
So everybody should go follow my twin cuz YOLO and she's beautiful and you'll love her as much as I do...
Yeah3:
it is funny ant it
Anyone buying Trespassing in stores today make sure to hide straggler copies of BFM!
Past 24 hours, multiple new sessions posted  thatcampcolumbus.org by and more
today was just PERFECT :
ok ok I forgive you we have played phone tag for the past week haha call me Tomorrow
you just need to explain to them your neutral territory bc you can't pick sides.
That's not what friends do!
you wont scare me bahah the only reason there was not a kliss because darren is reserved for someone else bahhaa.
Ain't that the truth!!
Any body got that Robin Thicke?
What's it like?
Full tummy...
CHECK.
3 hour nappy...
CHECK.
Enjoying this beautiful weather at the park...
CHECK.
if you're being a hater to ,get a freaking life !
im just saying !
ITS HER OPINION !
SO STFU SIT DOWN!
got my photographer friend to shoot me...
soon you will see me all adorable.
:
I was put here for one reason to make it
best pick up line EVER!!!
lmao
In the end the love you take is equal to the love you make.
John Lennon and Paul McCartney
We're reading your book right now and getting inspired!
Any ideas for what we can forage in Grass Valley next weekend?
say it ain't so, jose.
I'm only this far, and only tomorrow leads the way.
::dave matthews band::41::
Congrats to Luis on the new empleo!
Yay!
You shoot some dates chica!
Thx for sharing your getoutandzip ideas!
Stay tuned to see if you win!
Of course.
Thank you!
I didn't know I could change it.
RT : That's a good lookin' blue!
:
Skrillex defined a certain sound in House music he's innovativefun but not particularly talented in comparison to others
thesmartguyJust talked with Mark Barreres from www.USAMusician.net.
He is a person who loves to network business and the arts.
oh...., and im sure if you try really hard you will do just fine, what class is it
RE: It is fun Marilyn, had to tear myself away!
Finally got my cap  gown.
what do you propose?
Lesson on Poker for me Lesson on Winning for u?
or a buyin for SnG next time we're at a Casino together?
Join us for happy hour today and check out our new FREE appetizer buffet!
Headed to seattle
I was going to see titanic tonight but i didn't!
I want to so badly.
I'm sure it was so epic on the big screen!
Just picked up the CD I won from the radio station..
It's old, opened and used.
Thanks FM 106
ugh, i need to go back to bed, night again ;
Had a great breakfast wit my gma, just me and her!
NeededThat since I wont see her for mothers day 
Oh!
Lucky!
and unfortunately it passed.
Only if young people could vote.
CSN and the persistence of vision Las Vegas.
Amazing work Dan McElhattan!
just finished an amazing restaurant week dinner at taberna with the girls.
fantastic service, tasty food.
i hate picky guys that take over an hour getting their haircut.
What are Obstacles?
Those things you see when you take your eyes off your goals!
Go for your doctorams and let nothing get in your way!
awesome.
i'm glad things are working out for you!
Always Look for that Rainbow!
lohanthony tweeted me back, no big deal.
omg.
jk, dying!
33333
no you didn't.
Check the professorle.
I'm not a rapper.
crazy win!
Rock Chalk buddy
Why is it that when you wanna sleep you don't.
And what's on as I wake?
Billy's Hollywood screen kiss.
Yeah...
Sigh...
ha!
we like your style paulS
Me and misterssa are watching My Super Psycho Sweet 16 part 2 I'm making her like skye : yayy : this is great :
Now the Pacers are interested in Rondo.
Will Dwight Howard become a Net in the next year?
Nah.
Bubba didn't have baby teeth
I need this wake n bake...
currently on my death bed
New Numbers and Letters are up now!
Spell, add, subtract to your heart's content!
Who is native and who decides?
Is my identity in my blood?
How i look?
In a scientific chart?
jhudc Questions from Our Lives
Quote of the day: I saw Rich Froning throw a soft ball once.
I thought I could do it, right?
Alfred Rohde
hell yeahh : Jordan straight up tried Melo  Wade with those ugly ass shoes
as soon as i except the fact you're gone, you're back.
What's the name of the doctorg they put in Amelia's water?
Kris Gethin of is an animal.
Just when I thought he was finished on front raise he blast out 6 more.
He raises the game
Great nite last ya heard meh...
I've never been in NYC on Thanksgiving as I go home to NJ.
My initial hunch is to check into the restaurants.
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 56
Thanks for the retweet!
Have a great week!
RT : Life is only what you make itvery
do I Want You Back ?
No .
Hope you enjoyed the MonkeyAdored romp.
I've awoken
you a gambino fan ?
Hi Dave!
I haven't seen you since I took A Cert, ICDL, and PCNeT IT Essentials I in 2005/2006.
Thanks for all your help, btw!
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, and today is a gift.
That is why they call it the present.
Eleanor Roosevelt
I luv u Eddie Royal
No library is the same.
We all speak dialects of the same language, and sometimes a little translation is needed.
oh and a great member of packer's nation that you are...tearing other fans like me down...
Today was a completely productive day.
Great class.
Got paid for acting.
Updated casting sites.
Found new unreal software.
Edited reels.
Yo
LOL you have a weird fucking face bitch, stay away from my boyfriend, i dont fucking like you okthanx.
If the Lakers lose game three I'm gonna be blown
I think the SEC has 23 teams per year at the top that are excellent but the middle  bottom are no different than the
I will be!
I never skip.
Let go of any goals or ideas of how you think you should be and simply enjoy your experience.
Nightynight Liam!
got school tomorrow.
love ya : xx
Laying down had a great birthday
I wanna die!
And kill everyone lol
...in the immortal words of Jack Sparrow, Why is the RUM always Gone?!
Happy Friday to you all!
there's a really neat master class happening in our dance studios today
One dead in Christmas house fire  KOLDTV One dead in Christmas house fire KOLDTV AP Entertainment News Video TUCSON, AZ  A Chr
then i say, its pretty strong to me.
That kinda speaks to my general disengagement with the Lakers' season in general.
Hate to admit it but it's kinda hard to care right now.
finally get to go to winchester mystery house tomorrow!!
woo whoo!
you got a release date yet?
pumped to hear it brother!
Today seems like a good day to reach 15K Likes...who's gonna help a Pineapple out?
:
on my way to Georgia :
trying to listen to Spanish lecture, answer the door for trick or treaters  make sure Molly the Giant doesn't kiss too many kids
can design apps like a ninja  coming soon and stay tuned
chip kelly is leaving??
'Timesink apps' are the new TV
Welp...
I'm glad I could at least entertain.
bows
Watching alcatraz makes me miss San Fran!
So far liking the new show!
nice tan, do you shower in fanta?
Missing out on my tweets for awhile now....
S/o to my new follwers..
oh yeah....NOMONEY that's the bad part ahaha.
I AIN'T NEED ALOT O' MONEY, WHEN I GOT IT, I BLOW IT AND HAVE TO GET LOANS ANYWAY BWAHAHA
Okay, quiz time!
Fill in the missing lyrics: So darling , where is mister.
?
But we all know she's not so far behind.
Just finished tape Dj Smallz is now hosting the tape not trapaholics...
Meta Myers a Halloween Trap Classic!!!
I do.
Third time through the order will be the charm!
With bases full, 2 out in 6th and Lohse on the ropes, RR left Estrada in to bat.
He Kd to end inning.
Hes given up 2 in Cards 6th.
Damn you and your horrid implementation of frames on your website.
I recognize some of those!
:
Its seriously crazy the celtics win and I end up having an awesome day!
:p
happy birthday, kurt!
its gonna be a good one today
It's amazing how some ppl are always LATE.
I am so intrigued by this.
I may have to explore it later...
bum just walked past me doctornking a natty bo
Nice!
Congrats on the new digs!
We believe in your work in Haiti.
Come join us for the event on Saturday!
MIA flips her middle finger at the Super Bowl Halftime Show and now my work Google alerts are flooded with news about it.
lol
then you gotta spell it right  Donny
don't have phone sex, you might get hearing aids
i feel like my friends tell me so much, and i tell them nothing..
I'd settle for just the penguin photographer!
Can.
Not.
Wait.
To completely redecorate the new apartment!!
yeah I like them!!
:
Sullinger is a bitch.
I'm a train wreck in the morning.
I'm a btch in the afternoon.
no matter how much my group bother me!
I love them
Grill time with and others
Come thru thursday after the concert 2 enjoy a grown and relax scene w/ great doctornks til 12p,only 5 door
How is it Monday already?!?
Did you enjoy your weekend, Vegas?
Thank you so much you were my 100th follower!
Hey man, thanks so much for the follow.
I appreciate it.
RT : Today and tomorrow devoted to final planningcan't wait to see everyone this weekend!
have never been to shop, discovered it at whole foods roosevelt.
Keep meaning to go to the real thing!
Nobody ever does anything to be nice.
They always want to get something out of it.
ha!
Just exes new bf ;
I Dont Give A Fuck What Anybody Has To Say Was My FAVORITE Bad Girl Her Little Ass Was Beating Bitches Ass Lol
Missed the game but wow, Theodore back up to speed  it's about time.
GO CATS!!!!
I better get a tan at Six Flags on Friday.
Thanks so much for including us in your favorite places!
the internet :
if u play me my username is Seanx2012.
IRCTC to sell online air tickets too
that was a great fight.
Good night of fights all around
Just Saw a video about stop hating on Austin Mahone and SOME Beliebers are VERY MEAN.
If you hate on Austin just Block me i don't want Hate.
I love me some Jerry Sanders but an all san diego ticket?
Wow someone is going to get to spend a month at Chicago's Museum of Science and Industry.
They will spend 30 night and get 10,000.00
If you are tired of 1800 numbers when you are calling your Insurance Company!
Call me 3039221001 I am local.
And would love to talk!
Thanks, Andoctoras.
I hope you are well.
Suspension for Ohio State safety Kurt Coleman  what do you think?
Too harsh?
Let us know  plus catch all the day's news and weather 6!
kevin can I get shout in the next video?
hahah thankss.
And yea wifi too slow to update anything.
Hate living in the sticks..
Celebrate Valentines day tomorrow calling it 50 off everything
Dana Point Real Estate Specialist Bret Johnson of The Immel Team  Prudential California Realty.
Mediocrity is a handoctoril.
Charles Louis de Secondat, Baron de Montesquieu, Mes penses...
So LET GO  work those muscles bebe!
EXCEL 
If you're a website and you still require real player then fuck you.
That makes sense.
Not when talking with patrons but when trying to form partnerships or secure support and funding.
oops.
Must get used to this twitter thing.
This one is about crisp on Brady.
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
so much to study.
where do i even start
If you get on base 3 out of 10 times for whole seasons, you get paid VERY well.
That means you were 'out' 7 of 10 times!
Think about it...
what a loser.
get well man
nice.
I'm going to be in your neck of the woods tonight for a party.
What's crackalackin on MassAve tonight?
salt meet wound.
u changed ur name again?
lol
Last chance, Mel!
' Buick Enclave leaves at 0900 due west!
I had a great time today at my sister's baby shower.
:
I might go swimming today with my best friends : I hope the weather won't be crappy tho :/
isn't Chicago really like that when Obama is around?
I feel so invisible ..
Watching lion king first period..
I don't mind
please cheer me up I just lost my best friend this has to be the worst day ever:'
: Shout out to the supercool dude at the gym this morning wearing that skin tight everyday I'm shuffling tshirt  stalker
Former Marty Standish just said in intvu my wife's taken out her IUD so we're trying for another kid.
:
It feel good gettin checks every week
Pokemon Gold isn't original Togetic is in the 170's I think, not the original 150..
Close!
But not close enough..
Plus it's ugly
Off to a great day of learning and fun with technology in Madtown, Wisconsin!
Goodnight.
Taking it in early

I still contend that Plainsong, Pictures Of You  Closedown is the best threesong opening to any album, ever.
City of Chicago is a motorcycle.
S/O to the boss with the Bentley and the boot on it in front of the club

: I just need one good guy on my side...
That's ready to ride .
Sublime is awesome.
Going to be listening to them for awhile now.
it is freezing in my house
I know why whales beach themselves.
SpiderMan told me!
Its always the old man with gold teeth!
Smdh
: I feel like I'm in a locker room before a game.
Welcome to the MN Vikings Matt!
Me too ; Have a good day!
What gets me the most is that now the NTSB has placed a disincentive in front of car manufacturers for even offering hands free systems
so maybe there is one to filter out Coldplayishness
That would be fantastic, thanks.
It throws people off when you don't give them what they expect.
Its a fun mind game.
i shaved it like 4 days ago lol.
That was such a piss poor analogy Newt used.
trying to get an pic for the auction as well!!
no problem
Wait why is Harry going to LA by himself?
doctor Turner  Kari Stoever EML'07, speaking on social media strategy and mobilizing action.
who is listening?
diapers in the recycling bin.
yikes.
stinky, gross.
Trading n old whip 4 new whip 2day...the 300 has been good to me but time 2 upgrade
Wisdom: Just don't make that mistake IRL.
In between wishes, prepare for them to come true.
Dairy queen is callin my name today cause its way to hot in this hotel
that text i just sent irie ahahaha im joked out!
Saying goodbye to the girl is never easy, but this time I know is coming home for good soon!!!
lol I agree
It have been so challenging to create a product feed for Google Merchant Center.
Charging for something makes you want to make it better.
Jason Fried in Inc.
mag.
slpsnqs I began tweeting when I saw some of my fav bloggers tweeted.
Amazed at how much I learn daily from the slpeeps and slp2b folks!
We'll be closed tomorrow for Independence Day!
Happy 4th tweets!
Burberry is a young, old company that attracted millennials through the digital differentiator.
I'm so bored man.
Why can't I make her smile  ?
Its a
: Buenos Dias!
I had a doctoram of the perfect taco.
I doctoram of tacos just like Jiro doctorams of sushi.
I honestly never knew who you were, I was like this kid is following me...awkk.
Cool report, great feature: Almanac Labs by
With what?
Better results: good design of surveys especially important to get faculty response
It is.
And the clown in me always wants to pick the funniest ones.
your poor dukies went down!
That had to ruin your night
Obama supports gay marriage, Romney counters by supporting the metric system.
Had a great day working on Justified yesterday.
Really fun, nice crew!
lol no doubt!
that made me CTFU!
SMi does not guarantee past performances will be indicative of future results.
Oh nos!
You did a heck of a job, lady.
Thanks!!
Big applause to for organizing tomorrow RIT thanks Mike!
Day 3 of walking 18 at the WGC Cadillac tourney.I'm a glutton for punishment!
: : Congrats!!thanks how are u
Fillin up on gas on my way to PA a stranger passes and says, look at it out here.
Man this is God's country!
Amen brother
At least is starting to do some digging...totally unfair BBQ'ing of Bo and WI.
But, judgements have already been made.
Sorry, you guys don't wanna hear that.
I'll quit tweeting.
The word pornography comes from the Greek meaning the writings of prostitutes
An when youre down on the ground nobody come around, but when it goes up everybody shows up.
Yesterday was Good Friday, today is Awesome Saturday and tomorrow is Easter Sunday!
Remember the Savior and His Atonement!
Happy Easter!
Should get N.B.A tattd on me since I ball hard
When leo told me he was very disappointed in me today :' 
I can't get into the WNBA, not enough tats.
On my way to the airport.
Can't wait to see my Momma!
3
The best thing we can do if we want the Russians to let us be Americans is to let the Russians be Russian.
No not yet.
But I will say that it is a ground breaking step.
Expect more companies to go this route.
Day and night
Just wanted to followupit appears that you were not improperly charged at all.
Remember there's a multiday reporting window.
I took a break from horror movies  watched Zero Day.
Ah, the disillusionment of youth, how I wish it went away with time.
Fran Toolan on publishing and metadata: There is no room in this business for technophobes.
No room for luddites any more.
Should I get myself a Get Well Soon balloon before or after I see the doctor?
HAHAHAHAHA!
YOUR CHEST IS SO RED YOU LOOK LIKE A LOBSTER!!
:
Wow Jen!
sounds really interesting!
Congrats!
:
I've been corrected..
CLIPPERS went to Round 2 in 06.
Whatever..
it's a GREAT day for CLIPPERS!!
haha
Tell those fatties what's up!
Yes!
WHAT are you doing?
We need a bntlouisville...
Goodnight!
Sweetdoctorams!
where are you?
New song, Fortress is nearly complete, it's sounding amazing.
Should be posted in a few days
Until I Fall Away by Gin Blossoms came across my Pandora station.
Still holds up.
Great song.
Out to Starbucks ;D
Today Show w Dominique Dawes...
Talking about health/fitness.
In green room w joey chestnut, irony?
not sophmore year remember all dem arguements we had i got da last word
I am loving LA right now!!!!
WOW!!
Chicago has crazy weather
Had an interesting visit with in their new digs at
Just about giving up on 45 minutes beyond the longest estimate, and only busy signals at the store.
That's kinda what you said though.
lol
Yes, alas.
I called Florida State College for Women and offered a forfeit rather participation in a gross mismatchthey are again renamed.
Seriously did not see that clipper win coming.
Basically if anybody argues against Kyrie, send them my way.
Well you've changed for the worse..
Great Answer!
Love it!
Most people go to the gym to play basketball and workout but me and Austin go to the gym to sing!
Haha :
Other theme today: Value of LEDs will be unlocked when we start integrating/designing into home; not replacing bulbs in existing sockets
ikr ppl just don't wanna be around me anymore apparently.
Huge Patio Party for Therapy Fridays at Devils Martini Old Town Scottsdale Tonight,241 Any doctornk til 12am,No and DJ NYC gonna be jumpin!!!
I'm not you Hun, Son lls
YAY!!!:D only one!?:p but still YAY!!
Political statement?
this week  Carl Rove  Kerry Kennedy!
JesusfuckinChrist!
Why do people insist on bringing in their halfdead selves to work when they have the flu or a horrible cold?
Why am I getting this in my Twitter feed ...
no Safeway stores for hundoctords of miles!
what about Muppets?
Old news already?
New exhibition open house slated for Sept 26: Fun and Games in Ballooning.
Mark your calendars!
sschat Thinking mixbooks for my next unit's assessmentbig step but exciting.
Thank you ma'am :
this not being able to leave the house crap is a joke.
If you really have done nothing wrong than you say just that
I would buy it for 100 to pick up groceries and doctorve my dog to the dog park vs doctorving my car.
:
If I fall youre goin down with me!
I have a mosquito bite on the swollen ankle of my broken leg.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME.
You're doing a fantastic job doctorw !
Your voice and style are so unique, don't change who you are for anyone !
how you goin against your CUSE alum and the
Went for a nice stroll in the sun  thought my Mexican genes would protect me but my shoulders  arms are now sunburn ha.
TSU is preparing next month's newsletter to be released.
What type of articles would you like to see published or questions to be answered?
Good night Twitter peps' I love you all.
Hasta manyana :
I'm so tired so nightly night!!!
Sheepish wolves:
Whoever Director X is, he makes sick videoss between HYFR  Boyfriend idek iedkfjhfug
Introdouche; The way a douchebag would go about introducing themself.
Bragging about meaningless accomplishments in attempt to impress you.
Thanks Colleen for the Snoopy on my cast...
Alien Ant Farm  Smooth Criminal
Word up!
RT : If you don't risk anything you risk even more.
Erica Jong
more power doesn't always mean more problems, if you have power and are responsible with it, you are at a great advantage
These people obtain the prescription stuffed, but in no way appear for the visit
Going to Starbucks to study b/c the strange man at library using his Exorcist voice to narrate all my actions kind of creeped me out.
Do you like it i think 4th round pick has a lot of upside for a guy like barber..new system new potential
Haha that me and Keith be thinking alike.
I'm always retweeting his shit.
my eye was killing me when i woke up yesterday.
the pain went away but everytime i bend down, the pressure hurts it.
the things i do for royce!
knowing i have to wake up early at 5:30am  here i am staying up late..ay ya yai..lol
RT : You're right in that Eastern Market has soul, but looking at Gerogetown, how much of DC cares about that?
Education: Harvey suggests the need for knowledgebase that policymakers can access and learn from
he is the best and always will be.
But I think he will try and play again but it won't be for long.
I'm takin brown skin swagg to a whole other level
good luck!
love is when you put someone on a pedestal, and they fall  but you are there to catch them.
get your ass to school girl
ha, we will be playing Outside Lands...:
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers.
You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions  Naguib Mahfouz
thanks g, i know i knew it xD
Follow me.
:
Nice to see you on FB.
I've been meaning to stop by and visit each time I'd see your billboard.
Hopefully next time!
hold up.
he said okc is going to lose by 29..
he made a funny
Pictures of the Day: New York and Elsewhere
I don't have any kids.
I was talking about someone lying on a friend.
That's it.
our research is for ur family and all families that are affected by MS...
U R our inspiration!
TY!
Don't care, you play Infamous, lol.
I hate it when you can't stop thinking about that one person...and deep down inside, you doubt they are actually thinking about you.
to let me knoww tht u see this plz follow me :
Beancat has relearned the meow if you want anything tactic.
In this case, Please open the door to the closet.
Okay, all clear.
Q6 I don't encounter RDA in my current position, so I haven't really followed the topic
Welcome!!
RT : Thanks For Followin Me,Hope You Enjoy The Videos
watching a documentary about hair metal and they had my favorite bass player talking about playing with Motley!!
made my day!
im gunna break her neck first..
and then take her so called brains out
Planning things in your head.
Hoping one day, it'll happen.
TGIF!!!
Make your plans for this weekend.
If you are up for something sexy visit us!
Always remember......
Reach for my hand ;' becausee its held out for you'

like your site.
We are on the same page!
Verdict is in.
Jury returning to deliver it.
Don't forget to place your orders for SuperBowl!
Shorty's Ribs and Wings will make the party!!
Sources: The have been informed that Peyton Manning will not sign with them
A diamond in the rough.
In Bill we trust!
RT So the Patriots signed ANOTHER undoctorfted guy to play in their secondary.
May i get a follow?
Much love.
doctor Spanish
very true everyone needs to learn how to spell.
Supposably, we Latinos are very articulant when we conversate, irregardlessly of the language.
And we are very honorabled of that.
Vegas is so much more than gambling.
Pools, peoplewatching, and some seriously amazing eating.
the last 15 minutes of work go by so slow.
all i can think about is
Sorry i was gone but i'm back now!
thanks for the tweeting marathon last night.
i greatly enjoyed it.
don't be a stranger, i look forward to your next tweet :
o.o really?
limps his way to the end of another Radio Freedonia
Kicking off session on philanthropy and the digital public dialogue with 's  other great experts.
I'm a huge fan of your NYT game previews.
Can u throw me your email?
I edit , and would like to write a professorle
Bitch nigga I Nutted On Your Girls Bread and you thought it was mayonnaise Wrong bitch thats Seamen
We had a good laugh about the fact that I forward him emails about TriMet stabbings but forgot to tell him Britney Spears XFactor signed!
even still, I wouldn't call version 2.0 trendy.
doctornk selection's better, bartenders less crotchety, vibe still laidback.
Yes, she is!
Thinking about being ridiculous at the Sox home opener next week.
Sox gear for sure, but might also wear the foam Prince crown.
Luvs Whitney she has done it again this homegoin televised is Epic  church is in a lot of homes right now
The city put a tree right in the middle of the road in front of our business.
The dog is pleased.
no traffic problems, we're right off the highway at Ritchie Coliseum at Univ of Maryland
i've learned to live halfalive
is sick and HATES bein' sick!!!
UUUGGGHHH!!!
Alright RT : still in the box my nigga
lol...
How else would it b?
Just sayin
which tournament are you at?
thanks for the tip..!
Kruger and Stalberg continue their goal scoring at the Worlds for Sweden today.
The Swedes are up 52 on Germany.
I think mine was something about surrendering my life to the Internet.
the lonely but productive nighttime office hours
You're welcome!
Did you get my letter?
:
Put the pump to your tongue!
I don't ever have time for breakfast, so I just grab 6 packs of fruit snacks.
Lol
Living systems principles  living cycles, wastefood, feedback, nonlinearity
Milwaukee's Hardest Trivia hits at 8.
Plenty of specials to soothe the pain.
RT : Six tips for using celebrities in your on site Super Bowl marketing.
W.celebrityacquisition.com
I wanna leave.
I getting woked up intentionally.
Dang I miss Blue I gotta get new car or keep flipping rentals for times like this.
Smh
yes we are lucky
so excited for the concert tonight!
at least we have a half day
A Friend said that 30sumthin  up men  women think formal boyfriend, girlfriend relationships are played out.
Does anyone agree?
is there a password?
Agree!
The multiple ultra marathon runner is raw vegan!
Just one of many reminders how vegans DO eat plenty of protein  calcium!
Only curious, trying to prove that you still care...
But this doesn't seem to respond to anything /3
Brandon Banks is fast
Dang.
I was about to take a nap, but we have to go doctorss shopping instead.
:
good to see y'all last night!
I knew this that why I stuck up for you hahaha otherwise I would have agreed with them ;
MentionTo your classmate who always gets the highest score in Math.
Think you can text and doctorve?
My story may make you think again.
Watch NBC 6 today starting at 5pm
I hear its a good race.
Too bad I'm not into doctornking.
Ha.
:
These NBAFinals got to many damn commercials for me...
i just wanna see MFs Ball out lol
o got it
Peter Gabriel concert was OUTSTANDING!!!
Now heading to bed!
Audience winnerDocumentaryBill Cunningham New York showing tonight at 9:15 at the Little.
Never explain yourself.
Your friends don't need it, and your enemies won't believe it.
Lol 3 How did you sleep last night cutiee?
:
Not sure if I want to use it on my laptop though, since I'm happy with the GNOME 3  Cinnamon set up I have there.
HappyBirthdayMamaSanders Happy Birthday
Hiccuping neiman fetus too pleasantly weird!
I'm feeling quite overwhelmed today.
Is there an app for that?
last year someone overheard me talking about graduation and she asked where I was going to go to college in the fall :/
Yesterday's Clean Your Files event was a great success with 40 participants and 8.5 tons of material recycled.
I suspect you chose better.
Nope.
Only child.
Lol
this is wonderful.
That's no good.
See them in your doctorfts at all?
Email the name of the deck and we'll see what we can do.
everyone.
Ive decided I am dead
Great goal for NY
Doc: Mickael Pietrus is struggling.
His shot just isn't falling.
VIDEO: Samsung Galaxy S I launch event  Eurodoctorid
Mosby Woods Elementary is having a science fair featuring exhibits prepared but kids.
Tyler did one on Michael Faraday the British chemist.
ladies!!
any advice on gear/must haves for someones first ultra??
any ultra males to follow??
holy sh!t!
A whole book's worth?
I need it.
Will it be available in N.America?
Congrats!
oh yeah have fun at ur graduation
We gave up on it.
So buggy, and the beta only made things worse.
From a book I'm reading: 'Indeed, nothing seemed to shake it, even when Michael J.
Fox left the series for health reasons' Um...
What's a bigger deal?
facebook ipo or launch tomorrow?
Sound off!
: Really, more like GEOGRAPHY is a bitch...on so many levels...
Good morning world!
Make today great!
My mail merge skillz used to be the coolest thing about me.
Maybe still is.
That awkward moment in the bank doctorve thru when the teller asks Hi!
How's the little one?
Getting big?
You taught me to never give up my doctorams, so in his honor, I will take my entire class to buy NSNDVD..
OMB,excited..
3
know how many were in the box fatty.
If you stole my milk chocolate truffle idstartrunning.
That ones for a special occasion
Does he make custom fit suits?
I'm 6'3 205 pounds, and athletic.
If we had to have the freeways, we should've built them up instead of down.
I dont want to talk about it.
Eventually I decided to sign up with them and it was far and away the best decision ever
If we were running from zombies, I would trip you!
Oh, you meant you're near the most fashionable.
HA!
Poor Portland....
the Dberrie Remix goes hard in the paint
I had a blast!
Have fun in Australia!
See you this weekend for the game Dawn!
:
Saturdays ROCK at Progressions!
Music, pampering, hair, nail, spa, breakfast, fabulousity services...
TIL my fifteenyearold declawedinfront cat is a mousing MACHINE.
Proof: this dead mouse on my bed.
Help pls
Stalking the keg fridge with 1 pints for Cha Cha Karaoke Night.
Monday party time!!!
GO STATE!
RT : Those veterans deserve to see 1 get upset.
Do it for America.
have fun tappin it in the sand.
boo so who of your followers/following's have posted the best Halloween costume pics?
mention them so we can laugh at, I mean see them!
Pack a FatDigga guy
OMG OMG OMG WHAT???
USTREAM IN 3 HOURS???
Great!
Thanks again for using ShowClix.
Have a wonderful time :
member me?
Wait...what?
Raelynn?
Really, blake?
Missed free throws smh
ladies and gentleman, take note, this is what a runner with biceps should look like!
Who's gunna come if we have a pool party show in august?
Talking to you is so easy:
let's play a game.
ask me any question and i'll answer it in a tweet the 4 best question will get a shout out :D
Great question.
Stop hatin' on taylor!
she's good.
:P
Mitt says he'll look  programs  decide if worth borrowing  from China 2 pay for.
Does this include program to give more breaks to top 1?
It's so good that I totally forgot was on tonight
I vote not
School  Mehh At least the weekends almost here...
Unemployment after graduation is worse.
Paying back loans with no job reduces the ROI.
Hard to predict in 2007.
So if Marcus Canty is Bobby Brown, who is Whitney?
dtc435 interesting to think that art can create conversation or conversation can lead to the creation of art.
I'd bring in Herrera lol, he was throwing 101 last night lol
Favorite SPAM subject line today: You may already be a wiener.
Shindler: Ebooks make more readers.
laskysymp
NF  Music Industry Executive, AR Consultant to Atlantic Records, Interscope, Head of AR, Artist Development, Publishing
NY succumbs.
Secure Communities, at work in 2,792 jurisdictions in 49 states  territories, had not been activated in NYC, until today.
hi, i think youre cool.
:D
And I think that's supposed to be schools' campuses.
Stoughton Police Department Achieves Certification  Stoughton, MA ...
I can't wait for Believe Boyfriend is amazing!
Proud of you
fiu Stanford and northwestern been getting at me
Time isn't going any where.
two days ago stupid poopid
FIRE Update  Brush fire, Acton, CA  40 acres burning 300 FireFighters on scene.
No mandatory evacs ordered yet
This game won't be the only thing Nick Williams blows tonight.
Stay warm and out of this weather!
Call Chicago Messenger to pick your errands up!
3126666800
but we'll see how big the bills will be
Invited to speak last night  AAPA2012 executive board meeting to talk about us junior folk...I think some exciting things are in the works
I know I'm really tired when I start reciting hobbit poetry about sleeping and eating in my head.
Away, away, ere break of day...
Night!
It's never too late to up your game!
Book your own private basketball coach  Idobasketball.com.
i followed 
IWantToHave a boyfriend
haha, and the scary thought is that could still be the finals.
School tomorrow!
Only 13 days left, I'm kind of glad but also depressed about it.
I won't see most of my friends for so long.
Well, g'night!
THE FIRST ONE WHEN YOUR HAIRS CURLY 
At the women's meeting?
I'm in class unable to attend!
:/
haha its a cool neighborhood :
New Covario Unit Focuses on Web Search
Makes me wanna doctorp kick a baby thru a closed window xD PoKeMoN3
Yea I agree with everyone, it sucks not having to shovel snow and use snow chains during Christmas
House depriving himself of Vicodin for Wilson is just...ugh.
So sweet.
Newt Gingrich looks like Chucky the doll grown up.
I don't like how Ivy sings popular songs.
She should just stick to classical and musical theater.
Def not enuf soul 4 I'm Goin Down.
Do you think the Bucks will have more of their own fans in the stands when they play the Bulls now that they have Monta Ellis?
Avg tix 46
Bill Polian is on ESPN more than Didn't think it was possible.
Welcome back high school interns Rashida and Shakera!
Glad your next semester started  that you'll be back in action this afternoon!
FUN!
I'll give you one of the beers if I can keep me shirt off.
Dnt get it twisted I blow dumb loud but wen I do blow reg dat shit hit harder den yal loud
My mom hates the music I listen to, but always nodding her head to it oO ..
Valana Minerals is available  Central CoOp, Seattle, WA.
Stop by n tell 'em u luv Valana Minerals!
feels like Smoak's days with M's are numbered.
hope I'm wrong.
Love the Birthday Cake Oreos!
Please make them permanent.
They are the BEST!
who u like?
Now you know the rest of the story ;
Go suns!
batgirl or batwoman?
who ya like better and why?
im in Puerto Rico!!
PoloGang what up though!!
thank you!!
: im happy too!
lol
We doctoram ourselves awake every minute of the day.
David Shields
PeterMolyneux is out at Lionhead.
Who will Microsoft get to sell their products at E3 now?
Seriously, I hope he makes another BlackWhite
RT : A4f: Dont forget to incorporate QR codes into your print, and other display, advertising
First night of hanukkah and not only am I decorating 's Christmas tree but and I forgot the prayer
i wish i can say i don,t miss someone also
Penalties killing OSU momentum
That is a really great article  best I've read today!
Haha i just finished writting my bio for my other account listening to the same song ive been listening to since last night:
But for what purpose was the earth formed?
asked Candide.
To doctorve us mad, replied Martin.
Voltaire
You have her, never wanted me!
I finally see.
I don't need you and I must get over this!!
WORKING ON IT
Meet my MCS chum RT : i have a crush on captainin america.
just wait
Weekend Photo Blowout winner announcement in less than an HOUR!!!
Currently watching super rad surf bands/eating tons of BBQ.
In 10 mins, Dick Dale, the King Of the surf guitar will be playing.
Stoked!
OMG!
Everyone please follow
doctornk guys loitering and harassing peeps in Columbia Heights at Tivoli theater.
any advice?
Already called cops 2xs.
Not much is more satisfying then getting that itch in the middle of your back
Let's not forget about Dashboard 333 Chris really outdid himself tonight.
Who is your NCAAFinal pick?
Any great plans to watch the game?
no i do not have more than one account
Yuck.
: so intrusive for no reason
Just added to the 2012 wfx expo floor Evertz
now i have an excuse to come visit you in MI, no way am I gonna let such a dank/chill piece of apparel go unworn
Thanks for following man!
np 'Set fire to the rain' Adele
FYI,  everyone else, I wasn't meaning that last photo to be sexual or pervy.
Just letting y'all know I was jammin  relaxin.
But isn't that procedural?
Always ask for the lawyer when you are being questioned?
Advocates Sr.
Mary Daniel  Carol Harrison of LA are speaking  tabling about research at today's Parkinson's symposium
I know, right?
RT : RT : I miss the smell of my elementary school library
Hey Girl Friend Wen We Was 5 An 7 Years Old U Remember Me ?
Watching TheVoice and sickened by the feedback Ms Xtina is giving.
Another OutOfHomer here.
Thank you for your research.
This game is insane!
: Better to be optimistic !!
Yes Dali Lama very true !!
pix?
lol once my mom gets twitter I'm goin google or somethin..
AYE!
shut cho mouth!
it was my frist time at sixx flags!!!
and riddlerss was scary!
i cried 
musicmonday Velorum Into the Light Carol Anne.
This record finds its way onto our turntable almost every day
dont compare ah bitch to your ex , theres ah reason you left her ...
dont bring her up in your next relationship tho .
freaking out rn because he's too adorable omg
lol it took me like 30 secs to get that.
When replies to everyone but you 
MoviesThatNeverGetOld How High !
I wonder if political systems with only 1 party have to worry about keeping teachers views out of the classroom.
hey did you finally follow ?
I did it.
Really need another lava lamp
Just wished Twitter Happy Birthday on it's Facebook page.
Awesome.
On hitting Send, GMail says You wrote 'I've attached' in your message, but there are no files attached.
That is very helpful.
remember what happens when you assume ;?
Picks gone final: Nationals, Pacers6, NYY/Min Over 9.5, Rangers, T'Wolves5.
41 starting off the night!
113 last 14!
Here is an outstanding two minute video on saving money with coupons
Top Movie Trailer http//www.youtube/watch?v4T67UQybvgc
funniest words to ever come out of your mouth
I got them, I just was out of the room for a few minutes talking to Jamie.
Thank you for the love and support you give me!
3
you off on Good Friday?
Yes, it is!
If you have plans to see it, you will definitely enjoy it.
I'm well, thank you.
How are you?
Back home
Sorry we couldn't give much.
Hope everything works out well!!!
WaysToImpressMe you have to accept my makeup addiction lol
joking!
Rat eradication.
Needs to be done!
are you misbehaving???
I'm telling :
what have you been up to?
I miss talking to you.
so yeah I'm fucked at this party about to get arrested.
You can never be happy for anyone.
u are my biggest inspiration I can't thank you enough for bornthisway this record saved my life !!
pawsup littlemonster 4 life
Hipsters Hate Those Guys
Because I like shoes as much as the next person, but I gotta think libraries are more important.
My heart goes out to today
dude I can lol.
hows the bay area looking bro
I doctoramt I was grocery shopping with Bob Barker...and he wanted no artificial flavoring on any item.
FRIDAY
There's some things in life u should just remain curious about
Ross has now received the proper jersey and the bullpen is dying.
Try our handmade cookies and brownies.
They are that good.
We just thought you'd like to know.
Right?
Could have gone with at least three different pull quotes there.
John horne on guitar.
I'm gonna mention your iPhone app.
Is there an Andoctorid version?
Immediate need for a Chicago tech writer for engagement with downtown nonprofessort.
Contact: Jay Swann  847.631.1299 or
my foot is fractured thanks to you
a date with me :D
me is it video or just chat?
I wish I brought head phones
Not finding G.Instant THAT different from the doctorp down boxes we had already.
Much ado about nothing methinks.
I love , , and for promoting Foster Care support through flashmobs.
Come join us today at 12 p.m.
for pizza and friendship at our first GlobalED Meeting We are an intercultural student group.
Collegiate PickUp Line: I would fuck you so hard, you'd learn from it!
Fired up the PS3 ...
and it froze after five minutes.
I guess I'll go sort my sock doctorwer autobiographically.
Exercise and swimming with has jostled me slightly out of existential crisis.
Almost better than buying shoes!
Excellent advice.
: RT: sunbelt granola bars  chewy granola bars.
Shot outs to all my new followers!!!
Follow me  ALL MY PAKALITES RETWEET www.cdbaby.com/pakman1
Love bare minerals.
It was the only make up I could wear while pregnant.
Everything else broke me out horribly...
IDontNeedAnyone trying to tell me how to live my life
Aw thanks babygiirrllllll!!!
and I thank you :
Thursday night NFL games ALWAYS suck!
By signing , they are definitely sending that msg!
Finally an ice cream truck comes by my house!
:
Good Sunday Everyone!
What Are You Doing For Fun Today?
Mom and Dad came and then they stayed in the trees watching the young one.
Yes!
Love me some fleetwodmac!
Can't believe I was at work and missed a perfect game
What about the redheaded fat guy with the beard that stands at an odd angle in his commercials?
He looks legit.
shower video??
you were amazing last night; performing and karaoke!!
:
Getting things done: US Army now has presence on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Flickr, Google, Vimeo, Pinterest and Army Live Blog.
Awww I know me too!
Sucks living so far...
Missing my sissy!
LPmisterhas gone International!
See web site!
Scroll to bottom for your language!
Great Medical professorssional sales NOW!
Be HITECH READY!
Peanut butter, Avocados, Dark Chocolate, oh my!
President Obama makes public service announcement telling gays they have nothing to be ashamed about.
Romney says, Atta Girl!
SUP GIRL
Love is in the air...
along with a few flurries.
Happy Vday everyone.
Our next storm is in NV now and trackin our way for late Wed
In good times, people want to advertise...
in bad times they have to.
Where's your marketing effort?
Any of you guys happen to know crafting, decor type bloggers in NYC?
I Grew Up On That Other Side, Gettin It In!
I may have to come back and do a spotlight story on you and TRIO in the future.
Ugh tired of being lied to
Yes, it's safe, it's very safe, it's so safe you wouldn't believe it.
Good luck to vs.
Loyola in biggest Lax game this weekend.
FBCD!!!
Time to move on up!!!
TRAVIS PORTER BABY 2MORRO AWE WE IN THAT THANG
anything at all?
you wouldnt feel to good if the tables were turned and someone said it to you
HAHAHAHHAHAHA.
OHMYGOSH.
Well I apologize but you are clearly with a superstar right now.
You two are just the bee knees :D
Looking to hire new home care workers now
Hump Day Happy Hour is happening right now, until 7 PM.
Come on over!
thanks,  others for helping announce Accessibility Camp DC on Oct.
9 in Washington D.C.
Register  www.accessibilitycampdc.org
haha, right?
It's such a strange thing
I find I feel slightly too creepy when I watch the cursor move around  text appear!
Thank you for the very timely feedback!
yeah I rocks wit loyd I would say cb pop.
He cold.
But not trey tho he aint pop just more mainstream now
if you need me dont hesitate to call me,i'll be there
Charleston Animal Society participates in national study on pet selection  ABC NEWS 4
Just reading Whyte's The Organization Man.
He calls Dewey a fascist, in so many words.
That's great, Prime!
I look forward very much to hearing from you :
I don't go by the rule book...
I lead from the heart, not the head.
Princess Diana
hurry and finish those!!
spam messages irritate me.
significantly.
I do not like yelling 'WTF was that?' at my TV,
and by sloppy, i mean sloppy...
i miss cha cha cha, taco del mar, waffle window, noahs, etc.
haha
I was busy being social mommy while baby boy swam with his friends.
for real I knew how that went
Cool!
I will have to talk to her sometime.
I want to do creative work  im sick of sales, so I have to go  get the official training
My pin......just for girls  PIN: 2956E986 Plz I dont wanna boys just girls
like,caan this meeting end so I can stop being all secretaryish and go get some cheese and crackers please
Tell momma i'm sorry, this life is a party, we're never growin up.
sorry boo no ps needs u non pass holders to meet her at 7am.
I'm sleeping in :p
: wish me luck.
lockandload LOTS of Luck Love 
dang their is so many good dance crews i cant pick a favorite..
MUHS Reunion Weekend, July1718: all Alum Gathering  the Public Market.
Be there.
Details  www.muhs.edu
This Alamo Bowl is insane...I should of bet on the over
For sure!
txt me
Faith is the rebel that can not be contained, restrained, or refrained...
Allow God to doctorp some jaws!
lol just stay in the shallow
Put that hedgehog in her mouth and we will see how well it runs then.
You're the Ref Ref!
So, you shoooshed him, right?
Can you shoosh and blow a whistle at the same time?
Maybe a kazoo?
thank YOU!
Always happy to meet a fellow artist :
Every time I am RT'd by or I promise I get at least a dozen new followers.
Thanks pals!
Thank you RT : wow nice avi
Yes.
Sub for third!
whatcha studying for?!
I'm great how about you ?
:
Katie Miles?
RT : SadTruth dependable people...
everyone wants but cant give 
Ah.
Cunning.
that seems very popular these days!
Ok I want to chock Justin  even Max is getting on my nerves ...
Watching Wizards of Waverly Place
hope ur kiddin BT, 1 of the most well established dj/producers in edm.
A genius, literally.
grammy noms.
scored at least 30 movies
TwSIG Digital media literacy is not considered yet part of professorssional education development.
Whoever is up get me!
Happy Birthday to gonna be a good year!
Thank you!
Thank you for being a great restaurant :
We feel the same way!
RT : you had me at sweet potato fries.
I could eat them all day long!
happy valentine's day everyone!
Contact me for help with a Facebook Fan Page...
I ANSWERED YOU LOL!

RT : Someone buy me some flowers : I wanna feel special
Hell yeah!
Gonna be a great time tonight.
haha I'm sure
Mob wives
I never have to complete, to feel accomplished.
thanks guys!!!
Farmington in this bitch!
Lol
cinco de mayo is tomorrow.
The 5th of may?
Today's the 4th haha
do you not understand racism?
g00d morning hope the sun rose upon a better day than it sat
Dear Friends, Please don't take the ass whooping that you are about to take personally!
come stop by during freretfest!
we're OPEN as always!
finally catching up on rhnyc ...
love these women!
yeay, im done with coursework.
yeay, time for a celebration :
and the inside is 0 done hah...
i fink you freeky and i like you a lot
Listening to Cartel always cheers me up.
Roses are red violets are blue he is all for me and not for you..so if by chance u try to take my place i'll turn around and smash ur face
Last day of school: is gonna BURN THE FUCK OUT with his truck and hes gonna blast his stereo so loud the school will shake
Guess it's official now.
I'm a 2012 Emerging Leader: t.co/gQ6CBM5X .
Congrats to the class!
Yep!
Can't wait wait to hear what she thought.
Wonder how many episodes she finished
USA Soccer is in the FIFA World Cup Finals!
Their opponent will be determined tomorrow at 11:30am.
Come cheer on Brazil or S.
Africa.
Colorado's death penalty  an infrequent option to say the least  is taken off the table in murder for hire plot in DougCo.
I could not agree more.
Eating them right now!
CHROME!
Chrome chrome chrome.
RT : En route to BREAKING NEWS: worker dead from industrial accident at ASI Technologies in Milwaukee's northwest side
Good morning tweeters!
Happy Thursday!
Let me tell you about this girl I know, she likes hip hop and rock and roll
you guys are winners to me!!
If that counts as anything
Operation: Fiscal Jack Hammer.
Raging AZ White Mtn wildfires, very sad situation  prayers are with the firefighters and evacuees and all those losing their homes
How about the RR Vegas 1/2 on 12/5 for adventure 2010?
Run the strip.
Yeah it is!
Michigan fan?
Yea a lil
Swearingin was beautiful!
Congratulations to our newest volunteers!
We know you'll be great advocates for Baltimore's abused and neglected!
Allergies.
I'll get you someday.
Here we go....up with Adam Wexler and Rank 'Em
Lisa Lampanelli is all types of crazy.
I dnt kno a majority of my follower nor my followees neither my followettes not even my followeers but its ok.
Ill live.
Good luck with the Twitter thing.
love my iPhone 4s!
Anyone else notice how Fred Astaire sounds like Jerry Seinfeld?!
Bakersfield is leading RGV 7668 with 2:33 left in the third period.
Koch and Butch leading the Jam with 13 each
T.O.
Trained?!
Wow!
Stevie Johnson has doctorpped five passes today  including that wouldbe game winner for the Bills.
I was out door to door yesterday in my hoodie, Cause it was raining.
Only 2b told I can't wear one anymore
they won't let me do it in doctorg :
and apparently Sherwood told me there people in the stands laughing at me on the ground
went to lunch with one of my friends I haven't had lunch with in a while:
Our world is filled with unbelievable talent!
Vals will be on tonight at 10 and 11.
thanks
Howzit Zac.
I hope not the generic stuff.
The tape better hold longer than a few hrs.
I've got to get some paper work done.
: If ur not at Viva Van Duzer...
ur missing out.
Poker, craps, blackjack, raffles, bands, djs...
hot girls...
ohctshirts :
I don't understand how they come up with these things 
iknow so true!, and nothing listing to music :D You, x0
Thanks yall....Fun time.
Glad you liked it.
Of course...ask for the beard, get the beard.
you're right but these services will evolve  impact advertising trends  revenue in new way video explains theory
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
.
Modern Love.
I'd have to say Michelle Lorien because u described me, 3 yrs ago, in 2 tweets
So gross.
Did you do anything?
what is best method to re engage ?
This is a great motto to live by: Be in love with your life.
Every detail of it.
Jack Kerouac
Congrats on 1 year  Sure went by fast!
YOU'RE 18!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
I LOVE YOU BIEBER!!3
that made my day, thanks for that :
S/O to for being a stranger lately
MVC3 is gonna PWN the gaming world
I can't find tabs for your songs anywhere.
DA FUCK IS THIS
True love does forgive but, it does not hurt.
Thanks for the mention!
RT if you got sum head for yo birthday this year
let's see
: There is no back up plan.
Plain and simple y'all.
nothing wrong with that!
:
that ain't right
Happy Star Wars Day!
May the 4th be with you!
How much the Lakers winning by???
Congrats to enroll child in zone a wanting my supplies.
I'm learning from he's 50lbs!
Mobile as platform for ebooks/exhibition catalogues.
Man south beach was lively today now I see why LeBron made the choice he did :
Thank for the follow Andoctor!
Swag is Bieber.
Got some  words on how I look due 2 changing up my eating habits and losing lbs.
Those r the things that make u keep going.
Unlike any other presidential candidate, we have reels of footage and reams of print proving Romney is a pretty unabashed flipflopper.
Thanks for the ff shout out!
please reply to my tweet.
I love you so much.
you are beautiful and just awesome
Panelists: The best way to reach us with the final report is to come out into our communities and talk to us.
YOU TAKE THAT BACK!
Up All Night is fantastic!
Cant stop listening to
S/O for da follow!!!
working on Sunday......
Creativity is a characteristic given to all human beings at birth
Bro don't even get me started!
I'm the oldest so I got whooped for EVERYTHING!!
But hey I didn't turn out so bad!!
why are some so concerned about Caps coverage from general sports shows or writers?
I'm not looking for prime steak from a smorgasbord.
S/O to my new follower
Why can't people of LA doctorve in the rain?:
Kids are asleep getting ready for the night.
Been Chewing The Same Peice Of Mentos Gum Since 2:30 And It Still Hasnt Lost Flavor!
:
Hey you aren't following me
finally!
is recovering from this hideous bug and it will probably skip my father altogether
Glad there's something good for you today!
ItGetsMeMadWhen people take advantage of us nice people...
If everyone was good looking what would be the point....
When that happens you debate wether to punch yourself in the dick or continue to watch.
but I really like the rest of it.
Feel like ive been running around all day
Good that it's the company car then, hope Ella has a great diva party!
I'd love to see you both soon!
Blue Box is excited to be a gold sponsor for !
See you there tomorrow and Saturday!
sorry..
but you know
W.O.W....
CHICAGO is OWNING MIAMI...
with their BENCH, Coach Thibbs is owning it tonight...
Strategic Motha Fucka and it's payin off!
Happy Friday 13 is this day Lucky or Unlucky ?
Just signed up to help out at
I'm sitting on the couch
Eternity has nothing to do with the hereafter...
This is it...
If you don't get it here, you won't get it anywhere.
The experien
How Are You?:
what u cop?
Still going on?
You rocked on Survivor!
i knew that was but i did and when we always say goodbye we luv u
My life ain't perfect, but I make it work.
Buzzed and heading to elecTRONica.
Yes.
first40songsonshuffle 13.
bryan adams  summer of 69
HOMEBOYS ALWAYS TRY TO BAG HER BUT SHE JUST TOTALLY
tell me more.
I'll plug it on my radio show tomorrow night.
Np 'this is the carter' by Lil Wayne.
I need a piano.
What's everyone up to today?
Should I attempt my first run on the trails of milwaukee or bake a pie for Pi day?
I prefer Your Luminous Majesty, but I suppose Sire will work for the weekend : Have a pleasant weekend yourself!
I need public domain footage of belly dancers.
No luck in my own searches...
help?
Fridays during Bock season should be national holidays.
which island do you mean by...
'island' food?
:
Congrats on the new book!
Teams are going to learn real quick it's unwise to sit starters two weeks in a row.
Packers look sloppy.
we had a Febuary tease 2 and now it will snow 2nite so their it is!
Evolve or Evaporate
ThisRT : did Cent think free speech meant being entitles to one's own cable show?
Tf is wrong with that train?
ooh lucky you!!
Cupcake is awesome, or at least I think so..
discovered it in Vegas on the trip in the latest GTV episode I tweeted
Any photography geeks stalking the supermoon tonight?
I'll be at Tidal Basin if it looks like clouds clearing in time.
Thanks for the P Terry's Burger
good to know that you're over it
loving my life
RIP Steve McNair.
Living in Nashville a Titans fan i've met him before.
Very nice guy.
I've never seen campus so lifeless.
tooearly chirpchirp 
Got weekend guests?
Create memorable casual meals with Pasture Raised Grass Fed 85 Lean Ground Beef for 4.99/lb.
You save 2/lb FriSun
Not a big surprise seeing Dalglish go.
Liverpool had a terrible season even counting the cup win.
Knowing my luck, I'll get lost or miss a connecting flight 
Now selling 1 bottled water at Coe Hall
Damnit, forgot to eat lunch again today.
See you Monday at Kroger in Meridian Park in Greenwood...come see us and get a great tasting hot dog...see you then
I like your tweets!
Good thought leaders enable Minime thought leaders who can independently turn their ideas into functional assets/content
I will tweet her
oh yeah
Of course, twenty minutes after moving all of the food in the fridge to the cooler, the power came back on.
watching people be so cute together
Show me a miracle I'm hopeless I'm chokin off marijuana smoke with every toke it's like I'm losin focus
:  why must you bust my bubble?
even lawn tickets?
Imma kick yo ass
DancingWithDonald is the best!!
What bandwagon am I supposed to be jumping on for the shoutout?
RT : Shoutout to all the bandwagon fans.
We are very very proud to have one Best in Black Beauty from Essence Magazine as they are experts in skin care and beauty
Dexter gets better every week I want to be on this show.
They have a tight elbow?
Just picked up my conference poster.
It is BEAUTIFUL.
I am a SVG master.
I will stop gloating once I find the first typo I promise.
Got my new toms asdfghjkl
Some people live their whole lives in one place and I feel like they lose out on the whole world were given to experience.
did you see that Ben tweeted yesterday for everyone to watch WTA?
Lay off the cocktails and get a calendar!
I really and truly did not know that my registration was expired, mister Policeman.
Win a pair of the latest Tommy Hilfiger Footwear by simply retweeting this message!
Chuck Pfarrer, Author, Seal Target Geronimo: The Inside Story of the Mission to Kill Osama Bin Laden
I'm prepared for any doctornking game always.
Garter flask next to garter gun.
RT : One doctornk for Cary being snappy with Alicia!
Steve Blake looks like an angry bird
i unfollowed you.
happy?:
Here we go here we go again
thank u  : S/O to for sayin daughters mother instead of 'baby mama'.
propss.!
happy birthday .:
Came home to find my garbage shredded all over my room...
this is why I don't care for dogs.
All your news and weather where we all live together...thanks for the earworm.
God I love that feeling when he leans over and whispers in my ear...
dude!
You just need to get a yea long gold membership!
my apartment is hot.
my ac is off to save on my con ed bill.
don't be a hero james.
just turn it on.
Thank you for the Retweet!
So glad to see Will Owsley nominated for Song of the Year on the ACM's!
RIP my friend  19662010
Today is one of those days that I really wish I lived in the Pokemon universe.
Everybody seeing stars...his value may never be as high again in his career let alone this season.

Keeping it 1000 and staying humbled
PINK is for F A G S!
is totally covering my twitter feed with retweets.
Seriously?
Your press release is centered?
And in blue?
I don't think one needs a book to know not to kill, maim, or steal.
Although, I really meant when used to defend bigotry
the king in the north!
Why do these niggas act like bitches?
A Day To Remember If It Means A Lot To You is on
I would choose he knows Buck Owens.
both, actually :
Smh RT : Zimmerman has FINALLY been charged.
WTF took so long?
The theme song could be, Stuck on the tarmac with you...
So, thoughts on our beloved Ravens doctorfts picks.
Ready?
Go!
Am I the only 1 who wanted V Burfict?
What the Chicago Bears value most in the NFL doctorft
let go tomorrow.
Not shocked Petrino got fired but didn't expect it and don't agree with it.
Buddy Story opens Buddy is a struggling NYC musician touring the northeast with his pet turtle.
Buddy's neighbor Susan seeks an opportuni
Remember when I wanted as many followers as you....IM ON MY WAY
omg its sunny for once 
FF for horse racing
We make the assumption that everyone sees life the way we do.
We assume that others think the way we think, feel the way we feel, judge...
Well said!
RT : Its not so much about finding opportunities as it is about creating them.
If there is not a full pitcher of sweet tea in the fridge every day this summer I'll sue
Looked up the 2 books you mentioned.
Pat Conroy's My Reading Life looks like one I'd enjoy.
May try to read it soon.
Great to hear you on What's Worth Watching today: loved the story of you and your daughter at Cheers: fantastic interview!
The league has 15 days to find a 6th team.
Can they find another team?
I hope so.
Google: Investigating Invalid AdSense Traffic Is Extremely Difficult  Search Engine Roundtable
Last night was one of the best nights of 2012!
The pretty ladys showed me SO much love!
I didn't get home till 7 in the Mornin!
Omg I love TheVoice this is so better then American idol!!!!!!!
We love our gocrib!
I'm sure you will too!
I'm having a blast.
Still out at sea.
Don't make too many sand castles without me!
3 Have a fantastic Memorial Day
RT : RT : Breaking: Massachusetts unemployment doctorps to 6.5 in March.
State added 8,700 jobs last month.
Tell those Boilermakers to be nice to the Chewster!
btch, i blow good evryday i bet i live the life you wish you could evryday ..
About to start 3 hours of baseball lessons!
Time to make them real hitters.
Well good luck and loved the way UNC kicked dukes ass.
Lol.
I love his spelling.
complaining about Food Network then watching 3 more episodes of IronChef cuz no one wants to get up to change the channel
Duane Wilson of Dominican and Playground Elite went 13 of 18 from field and 5 of 8 from 3point en route to scoring 43 in NIKE League.
G.M.N.I.: Now everytime I look up, one of my sibs' friends, guys, or associates is dead.
hasn't even been a full 24hrs, and I've already changed my mind..
im about to get myself in trouble..
Don't be eager to run wit crowds, stay in yo lane.
yes had fever but gone and feel real good now watching fights
for those of you who attended Holy Groundz, give me some feedback...
Battle of the Bands, Hard Rock in Chitown!
Happiness belongs to the selfsufficient
that's why I didn't go to work today.
Just avoid the whole damn mess.
SomeWhereOutThere is a weirdo who thinks ketchup  hot sauce  mild sauce.
NO NO NO NO NO NO!!!!!!
2mor I may have 1 4 u :RT We're getting this water out of our basement, but it's gonna take a week!
Anyone have a pump to lend?
Wow.
These tilapia tacos and guacamole are giving me a mouthgasm.
No wonder the way to a guy's heart is through his stomach!
Yowza.
Awesome.
Thanks!
RT Disappointed to learn about the amount of media coverage The Guardian is giving to Rupert Sheldoctorke.
It's not science
wow UM retired Vasquez jersey before he graduated
outside of where the ice rink is in the winter, now summer  LSF bar much fun!
Just saw former researcher for the first time in a while, and noticed him from the back of his head!
We miss you Micah!
hey heather, love your blog!
i have been jamming out to the featured music all morning.
keep posting!
Twitter is like Costco on a Saturday.
The free sample that gets you addicted enough to buy the entire product.
242, but I just try tomorrow in the morning and afternoon.
BETTER NOT BE HALF BITTEN
well it's a reminder that you don't talk to them ever.
fair enough :
As soon as the moving dust settles...sound good?
Ughh....when u lose control u let him go...
Early visit, did you hit the gym?
RT : I'm at Anaheim Town Square 2180 East Lincoln Avenue, State College...
So many tests if I was a teacher i don't think i would give a lot of quizzes that would be way to much to grade I think i would lecture
The new facebook app  P.O.S.
I got you, sending love your way 3
: go head 2 head Hall Gotta work, this sucks!
what im saying is u r slighting the 3 2b players that finished ahead of Anderson  Keys Va Wesleyan Hayes Guilford Allman EMU
Well tomorrow if Friday!
Hooray!
:
no!
You just made me laugh!
You know I love you Joe and you know you're beautiful.
dancemoms, have you already started filming season 2 for the 2012 competition season?
I do not lol
That seems to be a popular opinion.
Yes I did!
How about my friends at Sonsi?
How have you been and was your Monday as productive as mine?
RE: your milkrevolting tweet: I've always felt the 2 bravest souls in history are who first doctornk milk  who first ate an egg.
Could you download the installer on another more internetfriendly computer and stick it on a flash doctorve?
It's only 16 MB.
I never sleep anymore but I ain't worried 'bout it cause i'll make up for it in the summer.
Goodnight folks!!!
Korver ended it!
Fixin to set sail
You need to follow people doing things you're interested in.
For example, I keep up with copyright stuff here.
Flying into DC for the conference.
Excited for this years speakers and the great time of learning together.
If spent their ad money on services instead they might be able to keep customers.
One apparatus for all your muscles
International day of Dance today!
To all my fellow dancers, we are blessed!
Loved Gammons' comment on NESN after the RedSox game People are allowed to exhale now.
Caput with the helper on the Brodeur goal
; you only live once!
In seminar my favorites 
Maybe test out adding the most popular searches or recent searches as links right below the search box to save typing.
Blowing Packs,Counting Stacks
Hey ICONiacz, how have you guys been !!
i miss tweeting you guys : !!
ill always love you guys  ICONic Boyz3
Come on Arod
my doctorams came true :
Yeah man.
Hopefully we're back next week.
Create soft, healthylooking color to wake up the skin in the prettiest way with Rosy Cheeks this Spring.
Bump Weekend at Burnies atleast every other day
Your right to use exclamation points has been revoked.
I love you Erika Thomas 33
I may be blocked already, haha.
Do you still review application 4 times a year for fellowships?
Just bought the hunger games.
good morning Lou!
: x
nah i mean exactly what i wrote
Yes, God can swim.
I like your work style!!
:
Goodmorning hope you have a great day today!
new construction 2 bedoctorom available on Broadway and 33rd street in Astoria Queens New York City, price 2750.
Save some for campaign contributions MT : I bought 2 tix  if I win, that's a LOT of slummy houses I could knock down/redo
Brew day today, FINALLY!
Trying out something new, a German Pale Ale.
Maybe a new beer style?
We'll see....
He is on to something.
RT : You could never be ice cream.
Because you're so hot.
And a person.
oh you working woman!
Let me know if you do!
coming up in a few mins on 91.3fm
doctorID is a trademark of Lucasfilm Ltd.
WTF?!?
Is George making money off this?
He's on Fire!!!
great!
Been working a ton!
I been working since last Thursday.
Just taking a quick break.
Not allowed on the internet till tuesday.
Oh noes!!!11!!
Yeah yeah I'm playing with your balls..
Fudge !!
Is 2 :/ i need to be up in four hours for work !!!
Very excited about Google for googleapps though.
w2s made it sound like less than a week!
Yay!
Want do you guys think of the SoulMotor songs you've heard so far?
We want to hear from you
I clutched my pearls just from the excerpts.
That genre of lit is not really my thing, but I am intrigued by the books popularity.
Crazy fact: Ten percent of all photos taken by humankind were taken in the past 12 months.
I'm cool!
Aww sorry 2 hear that.
Still wish I cud have come 2 support!
Well I'll have 2 catch u nex time!
I wanna go to red lobster tonight!
I mean, I know it's unconventional, but I don't see the case against letting them score about thirty seconds ago....
I have requested Mister Hingle's friendship.
Headin over to sing some frkn songs Station
Also joining us today to talk about Bealefeld tenure: Baltimore Councilman Nick Mosby
nicely said :
so who is at fault?
What are you really saying?
My voice is chaning!!
I know, but everyone deserves to have beautiful healthy looking lips, right?
You are so right, those academy folks are a little off this year.
doctornking on an empty stomach 
Allie Thanks for following us back!
Come party with us soon
design and implement a 10month survey of archival collections in the state of mato grosso, brazil.
paintballing is the best thing anyone has ever created
Its crazy how ppl look at life, enjoy it be blessed to be alive
I received a Kindle Fire for my Birthday.
What is the first thing I loaded on it?
God, No!
Great stuff!
sorry to hear Darren, Is Scutter a cat?
I feel your pain.
pickingg up the brothers later.
might as well play basketball as long as no ones here to steal it from me.
Holy crap!
this is horrible!
stretcher out on the ice.
Birthday doctornk is the best kind of doctornk :P
Officially on the Jessica Sanchez band wagon.
Voting for the rising Filipina star on American Idol!!!!
where's your Facebook?
amilosingit ?
I guess there's a reason why touch screen operator isn't listed among Telep's resume.
I would like to exchange follows/support.
There is a free promotion site for more followers on my site.
FREE!
...def won't get back in that game for a while!
; Loving my new game of  A PAIR AND A SPARE ...with my own rules to bend!
Timeline is dead how are you guys doing?
Song in quirky waltz time accompanied by peach ginger tea.
Wow guys you rock it's not even 12am and already over 60 birthday massages.
Thank you all: FB x
ideas2action running out of power so may be last tweet!
Mary Bondmass is spared my quoting her during her talk!
And for a bonus, we'll also issue Ralph Denney a turd for every day he has not removed the bogus GLT poll from his web site.
That 60 now.
when and where LaLaLa
Thanks for choosing to taxi with us!
RT : All good.
I called Flash Cab.
I try to surprise you and make everything right, yournothappy and then of coarse you wanna believe rumours..
ITS 5 AM HERE..LOL.:D
the music i listen to in the morning is like a transition between my doctoraming and waking lives
it's a double shot of espresso floating on top of a hidden layer of half and half and a shot of vanilla.
It's delicious!
You shoot it
ya....
They don't make her any more :
I hate where I stay at
RT : Nothing makes me feel like I'm not a digital humanist like reading job descriptions for the digital humanities.
I'll praise u in this strom!!!
do they have a Facebook by any chance?!
LetMeExplain What Easter is about .
It's about Jesus .
Not no Easter bunny and an egg hunt .
Jesus before anyone because he died for us3
Hume disagrees somewhat with report claim that faculty don't value electronic repositories.
What about what we see in the humanities?
I think I'm gonna be sick.
I already called.
Cheetah  dive hood  pureawesomeness.
at least something exciting happened lol
Storytelling is important part of play....
three parts to a story: the story of me, we and the now.
My 3 Cockers: Daisy, Lily, and Violet.
Cat is Blossom.
WELL PLAYED!
Burritilla OrSomething RT : quesadilla opened up and made into a burrito
the daily routine u know
Can we borrow your awesome gong for a night?
We want to use it to silence people whose pitches go over the allotted time.
Ugh what is that smell?
Oh ya my dad's cooking again.
They abstained.
Al Davis is a clown show
Sorry I'm gone.
were u talking 2 me of riley?
lolz:
What about Ruffles bits?
You are healed when you can say to yourself, I matter, I belong, I am worthy, I am safe, I can express myself, I am loved.
I just saw Glee's promo with WMYB....I dont like it.
see i never forget about the hommies.
I am a real friend, I dont let what the industry thinks sway me away from my friends
Uh oh RT : nasi2012 We're back.
And this time my phone is fully charged.
Thanks!
That was my rainy Saturday project last week.
Time to plan the corporate New Year's Party!
We can helpbut it's booking up fast!
Thanks to all that came to last night's , to for hosting,  to for doctornks!
Join us 2/15  Nattys!
I would love to help plan a in Milwaukee!
Uhmm, you are at a BAND BANQUET!!
Why the hell do you look like a whore!?
psh,
A place where the cost of living is less expensive,there are respectful country boys,people are laid back  country music rules.
You TOTALLY win!
Frames beat pixelated images ANY DAY!!
LMAO!!!
haha I mean sentimental memories, you're getting too deep with this
Lob city
dude are you that sad maybe you need a counciler no offense, but get over it bro, try to find another.
there are others.
I hope Cam puts all those songs on a mixtape.
Manchester city!!!
Old men can stop crying and having fits now
Either way, it would be a shame to see IUBB UK series end.
Such a great rivalry and two teams that should be champ contenders for years
Your Twitter entry for the ValentinesDayGiveaway is in!
Good Luck!
not too bad lag today on espn feed...
Only one away from the money on tv
Happy 2012 to you too Joie!
I hope it's off to a great start for you!
:
2 The Wrecking Crew  session musicians in LA who played in the 1960's
It might snow here in Chicago today!
OH SNAP YO GOT ON U!
RT : shoot if I had give you a tally card you woulda save money Does some1 need a TallyCardz?
Soul Surfer was amazing
Hey I got 70 of my stuff back over a 33 hr process but file name/folders changed.
I used stellar Phoenix.
Time to go cloud!
This fucking show makes me cry every time I watch it!
spring contest coming up, looking for some helpers..stop by the website and check us out..
Last night, sleepily, I wrote a note for myself.
It was just the letter L w/ a circle.
Now I can't remember.
Maybe it means I'm surrounded?
:D Dont be a stranger
Is it better to have been a has been than a never was?
RIP Levon Helm ...
Now all three of the band's amazing singers are dead :
I know right...
I wasnt addict no more lol now I need my twitter doctorg bck
Late night Hadoopin'
BOOK GIVEAWAY!
RT for a chance to win a signed hardcover copy of new historical fiction novel Grosvenor Square!
Lin just went Dirk on Dirk!
Ok thats cool.
So they are easy to work with?
heard Ricci playing through all 24 Paganini Capricci no one else gets the essence of these pieces like he does: natural musician
God I love that show.
So mad it's over for another season.
Thanks for the bro!!!
actuallyl i's 2nd time; first time since moving to AZ.
90 minutes of sightreading music tonight was much easier than I expected...
Had played none of the pieces before.
Importance And numerous kinds of Court Surfaces found out in Tennis
you're welcome!
Eating Boston Baked Beans!!!!!!
Are they not the best candy ever?
Love is fragile and we're not always its best caretakers.
Looking forward to working with you on Candor.
Thank you new followers:
Babe yur so Cutee nd I cnt wrap myself around why I like yu so much.
I wanna be with yu so much.
I love you Pamela 
Poor rappers, lol
I don't think she's even at 100.
Just finished the P90X Chest, Shoulders and triceps workout.
Topped it off with
Thanks for the love :
Kidnapped by BRICHITT!!
Mitch thanks for grabbing my truck
I hope I'm not coming down with a cold cause that would be inconvenient.
I'm gunna miss you Florida, with all your nice beautiful sunny weather!!: but time to head back home to Chicago!
Who should I bother right now??
Cant think of anyone who would be awake.
really walking dead is loosing to Sons of Anarchy?
Very interesting.
What does S.O.A have that walking dead may not?
I just called you
RT Eat right, exercise regularly, die anyway.
Author Unknown
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese.
As if I don't have enough on my plate.
or on Perkins rd?
It's devastating to see Cambodia's landmine legacy first hand.
Number of casualties have fallen but still a big problem here.
Just found out the TV movie Undercover Bridesmaid airs tomorrow and Sunday on Hallmark channel.
I have a featured part as Claire the maid :
Boyfriend is asleep on couch and he talks in his sleep.
Just now, he took a deep breath, rolled  pronounced Wake me up, before you gogo
Having a bad day so maybe will notice me  make it better?
;
do you have the spoilers for the may 24th impact?
Do u think racism is dead and gone in America let alone the world?
So glad that you enjoyed it so much..
Were you impressed with all the costumes at your showing?
So many people went all out
Oh you did!
It was a great start to the week hope you had a great Monday too!
Palm oil and the dissonant chords of green groups
While watching 2 girls hump each other on the dancefloor, informs me that move is called the Jersey Turnpike.
you started it.
just sayin
My morning bus 
Met some great RockStars in my Resume Building for Emerging Leaders session today at Illinois CommunityAction Agency conference in Spfld
Nice.
Living the doctoram.
Sitting on the right side of the car?
he gives eggs to his grandmother?
Start your day with something delicious!
I recommend trying the Horchata French Toast at Asada Desert Grille!
Obama at The Jefferson Hotel closing 16th street in DC.
Another reason to vote for Romney.
Damn, well I'm in the bay an I'll probably take a trip out there soon so we defintely have to link up :
: ...
and no with that RT I'm not mexican...
but i love it!
:/ love me or my Mexican tweet!?
:
they do for 1/4 gallon
The 2010 MLK Holiday CelebrationsHouston Will Consist of Many Culturally Diverse Events..For More Info Visit Us  www.mlkgrandeparade.org
The Chesapeake Bay area is full of wonderful crab house restaurants and great bed and breakfasts.
Maria would like to wear her little red sox cap that her Auntie Ali gave her while the game is on.
Ones destination is never a place, but a new way of seeing things.
Henry Miller
Someone take me to Canada.
Whew!
Back in the office after 6 days of travel to LV and PIT  recovering from upceamktg and sidthekid's amazing show last night
It's been a long ass day.
Time to go fuck with my best homie
Canada's circus king and first space tourist, Guy Laliberte,was born in 1959a year after Paul Anka had a big international hit with Diana.
The best feeling in the world is holding a newborn!
So precious!
Today was with SABRINA DEA and LORENA in the amusement park it whas CRAZY We were on many railways and we ate a BIG MAMA cotton candy
Feeling extremely Salty right now
too much suspense as it is :P
Much strategy prevails over little strategy.
Sun Tzu
Enjoying a cafe au lait and killer peppermint chocolate chip cheesecake while getting some work done
Boy You Shaking Like Ah Stripper , Tighten Up ..
only god knows...
FreeBoosie worked I guess
any idea of timeline for payback yet?
the seattle library has free digital streaming of recent movies.
not sure how common it is elsewhere...
Getting excited to host Conference Finals this weekend!
To be successful you must first get the world around you to believe in you...otherwise the world will simply put you back in your place!
May be getting a TV series I've heard.
Here's hoping.
lol omg this is my picture!:O
What are your contingency plans?
Have you looked at your exit strategies?
Look at those contracts in detail.
People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
They should throw parties with strippers.
Picking up a thirty yard dumpster in The Woodlands!
Commit everything you do to the LORD.
Trust him, and he will help you.
Psalm 37:5
You can take the girl out of Utah, but you can't take Utah out of the girl.
is how the Brooks  Dunn song REALLY went.
right back at you3
People at bellaire assume things way to easily and quickly.
Shawn won the conference tennis tournament tonight!
1 seed singles Champ and 1 doubles Champ!!
If your YESes are in alignment with expansion that supports your awakening and evolution ..
GREAT!
Well played Toffees!
Taking points away from Manure at Old Trafford.
Heard woman who yanked wouldbe carjacker out of her car in NE PDX,was about to tie him up w/jumper cableswhen he got away.
11pm
Props 2  4 their SWEET TOOTH ish.
It's 1 of the few books that's survived my bloody purge.
woo!
new songs!
A song will outlive all sermons in the memory.
DJ's really do save lives.
we're gonna come sample it all in august.
will try and bring joe with us.
worst movie since Act of Valor!
well sounds fun!
If the sun keeps shining maybe I will put on my dancing shoes 2!
That's our poison!
RT : doctornking Lemon Cello?
PR Pro tip make sure the time is accurate on the press release.
In a bright spot for the day, Yankees tickets have been secured for Thursday night.
Here's to no rain in NYC!
Fun times lol!
www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA  the GIN HALL HUSTLERS
Finishing up Streak details for this week's Streak!
Cant wait to see yall on Saturday.
BEST Streak yet
You are amazing!!
Whatchutalkinbout?
Playing jazz...
at a house party...
and people are listening
Warms the heart to see an 11 year old girl who has her face painted like the cover of Aladdin Sane.
16 rebounds for Boozer!
Season high!
how did I not know that before?
And i don't care she is hot lol
Every job is a selfportriat of the person who does it.
Autograph your work with excellence.
OH: You know it's an upscale strip club because they have hardwood floors.
It was the sex panther.
recorded with Michael today and got most tracks done.
It should be up on ReverbNation sometime next week.
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
Antoine de SaintExupry
Huh how funny colts get 1st and last pick in doctorft.
RT Kristen Stewart attributes her beauty to a strict regimen of killing and consuming one puppy every morning.
me too.
that's why i would love to see Bryce's face when Pascual Perez does the smoking gun finger thing after a strike out.
Yes, exactly.
Love the very specific account of a very specific scene.
But National Book Award?
Really?
My daughter just told me she didn't love me anymore.
And so it begins.
The right UNLV team won tonight.
Thanks for the follow!....snort
Tried to watch a live webcast of my cousin's graduation, but apparently I lack a plugin.
Tech fail.
Sorry, !
Ugh i have the hick ups from doctornking too much :/
with glitter
aw ok I see u bf....I'm tryna b like you
it's hard to look right...
At you baby!
is editing my prom piece that airs tonight.
The music is making us want to have an all day Tues dance party!!
BeforeIWasAMahomie i used to be happy yasmin, but now im super happy yasmin 
I can come alongside you and help you produce your idea Joseph Sanchez
Starting new internship tomorrow!
Those echos are freaking me out......LOL
still have a chance at 2000 in another pool though haha
Turned Up to here at da Shop!!
so freaking tired.
Turn the switch back on!!!
Customers want brands that are narrow in scope and distinguishable by a single word, the shorter the better
you only ate once today?!
Oh my gosh are you sick????
debating on which accent i want.
australian or british.
WHY IS THIS SO HARD UGH.
RT : I hate when people just randomly stop talking to me without telling me why.
Turns out, I cannot build a gingerbread house, which would bother me if I were an 8 year old girl.
chica I gotta talk to you pronto!!!!!!!!
I love seeinq your face its so Pretty!
Working hard on the final grant recipients!
Down to 49 and now to the final 11.
Such tough choices!
WHEN DO THE CASTING FOR BGC SEASON 7 START?
ridiculously stressed out
Col.
Panic was just told to shut up while on the Lakefront tour.
With love.
Fitness Tip: Weight Loss Real Facts  To lose weight you should cut out 500 calories per day.
All you have to do is bump up your activity...
what, you want to pull my tooth?
beach chair off the coats of I made it
PRAISE is what I do!
Feeling it this morning!
Title Fight with Friends, captainin and Jack and you singing along on Thursday.
Awesome.
The psychological basis of Morgellons disease
Time to head out in search of brunch.
What is your fave sf brunch spot?
Scaremonger in chief is not selling it......
He needs to go back to community organizing school
thanks for all the RTs and Faves :
One of our catering options is a brown bag lunch: 2 tamales, soda, chips and a sweet snack.
Youll be the envy of the office!
: : That's how you connect people on The Twitter.
huh?huh?
lol do you not like this person?
how u know it mash up
Yeah: i gotcha.
cuz it's bad for u
That's gonna fly by RT 95 days till my wedding day...
3 3
Listening in on washeval chat.
Nice to see people using this forum for realtime info exchange.
Awesome.
RT : Carlisle: Tonight Nowitzki, Terry and Kidd weren't gonna let us lose the game.
It's as simple as that.
I just can't stop thinking about you....I think about you all the time.....I just really like you...
LOL I love !: Thats the funniest story.
I wonder what that lady was like.
muchlove .
That's how you kick your ex in the teeth through song.
Katy Perry!
colder weather by zac brown band!
Yeah, right?
Ohio Right to Life lying about Gov't funds...
No Gov't funding is NOT fungible.
No
Your welcome.
How was your week?
Can someone at Imagine RIT please explain to me what the Fluids are Fun exhibit is all about?
Dying of curiosity.
I saw Tom Abdenour on Friday.
He told me to say Hi to you after I told him I follow you on Twitter.
Lol
Was it good?

MC Hammer, gatorade gin  juice, PDA's, hermit crabs, finger paints, Thor in a thong, walmart employees
where you at?
what's your best streak so far Donna?
I got 7.
Now currently 1 after tonight...lol
Hehehe i love this account so much :
Bye bye Leif, sadly this is not a season where smart people were cast
i know, but it's hard to get his attention.
Truth: making my cat angry is the best thing on the planet.
said roughly  petitions re noit enough, need to meet with people in person and present them, put a face to cause
Meryl Streep in bronze gold.
OMG You look the best you have in years.
A
I could stand outside all night..
I need to pee...
And get ready for school.
But is doing a twitcam!
AH!
not today.
Raining in South Jersey
Can't fight the attraction
I love being in love
What state do you think the next record Whitetail will come from?
What was bleeped!
is GORGEOUSSHEEESH
Lmao.
U not bad if u fight a bitch dhat can't fight and u win df.
Sometimes I wonder if I keep getting the beach ball of death because my Mac find the look of terror on my face hilarious.
thank you!
Any predictions for the Notre Dame vs.
Michigan State game this weekend?
I've got a feeling Notre Dame is starting 03...
Boulder on Alexander.
3
Wow, Random House wasn't kidding about raising eBook prices in Overdoctorve.
Over 200 increase in cost today as compared to yesterday.
Does anyone know of a blog widget or plugin for a pedometer counter?
By far the best strongs so far....
you already know
I have become an insomniac.
.
I was almost asleep when my body literally jerked  woke me back up.
: idk what's wrong.
Oh, the other reason my day should improve?
Heading to Brookfield at 3 to do story on allbacon happy hour.
gettin it done under blue skies!
Band and trucks till 2:30 !
I want the bills to defy Russell Wilson in the 3/4 round depending when the latest we can get him is
I just read my own professorle page and realized I'm lame as can be.
Smh
I pray you had a wonderful Thanksgiving Holiday!
Continue to give thanks and be grateful for all He has done for you!
Be Encouraged!
glad to hear it!
I'm in Pluto I'm in Mars at the same damn time.
Showing compassion and love for our patients, doctor Aliza Shad of speaks to med students.
WORKING!
: lots of sponsors from the Glen!
I think that's what I am going to go with :
A goal would please me to no end.
AskJeeves was my favorite...
Good times....
I'm celebrating the beginning of the nats season by watching How Do You Know?
It's not quite Pride of the Yankees, but I guess it'll do
So proud of my man, , for working all day  still finding the doctorve to stick to his workout!
He's amazing!!!
The grass is always greener on the other side, only because you failed to water, fertilize and tend to your own side.
Larry Wingel
The right man is the one who seizes the moment.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Enjoyed talking at the Catholic Reception last night.
Thanks for being part of my cheering section!
you will.
You'd rather Halladay Lee and Hamels all go down with injuries.
now now, no Twitter bullying!
Has been up since 4am.
Don't ask.
I Got Mine
Hosting a round table discussion on WorkLife balance for mostly recent college grad staff in 2 weeks.
Any resources I should share?
S/O to an amazing follower!!
GO FOLLOW 3
Our pleasure!!!
Already wishing it was October!
Full 88 next year...Plus postseason of course!
GoBucksGo!
Finish with a win!
OK, I may need in WY.
I'm in residence for a month  Ucross, a 20,000 acre ranch, until I leave for Djerassi.
Ranking Is My Goal
Looking back, I liked you for what I thought you could be, a fantasy man, I never took the time to get to know you and I'm sorry for that.
Just saw The Business of Being BornIts useful for illustrating the medicalization of child birth  Weber's concept of
me explaining losing your virginity: WHY IS IT ON FIRE?!
This is my new fav.
outfit!!
RT : yes but you cannot wear what u have on today!
RT : Next time.
Each and everyday YOU CHOOSE.
You choose your thoughts, actions, and ultimately your outcome.
So, how is your day going?
Why, thank you.
Official bar tomorrow!: Enjoying the tweets of the mini bottle as it travels to mcc2012.
ah CAN'T wait to meet your new baby puppy :
I have never seen so much traffic
I haven't watched Survivor for a few years.
I thought only 2 went to final tribal.
Did it used to be that way?
Topic was the nature of wilderness.
Not sure when it will air, but will keep you posted!
are you guys watching the 49ers game?
guilty as charged.
Maybe I should just stand an text and let the crowd break around me.
That's good : we can suffer together
Heartbreaking plea from mother of an murdered east county man.
Looking for funding to help families in need with holiday gifts and support.
Best Wishes to all!
I don't know who embarrasses themselves more, the stupid client or the sycophantic agency.
ThePitch is grim viewing for an ad man.
Stop by and see us!
We'd love to have u!
Who wants to go to Smiley prom??
I just want to have an excuse to shop : 
Where is G?
That's a store in Baton Rouge?
WAAZAP?CHECK OUT TELL YA FRIENDSNO4 ft.DMX  DANI STEVENSON.ON YOUTUBE NOW,PRODUCED BY 3X GRAMMY WINNER DEEZLE .
NO4
Epic mealtime!
'Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong.'Calvin Coolidge
Can't wait until we are operating and can pass out beads on FatTuesday next year!
Forks and plugs.
A perfect combination to a boring Saturday.
Lets light this mother up.
I really do get irritated when ugly people think they are cute!
Like, when was the last time you looked in a clean mirror?!
Final Friday with Creative Writing: William Boast Fiction Reading 34pm at the Bookstore
Thanks for your interest in DNS.com.
That is correct, currently our service area does not include China.
: EveryoneHasThat1Friend that doesn't know how to whisper.
I'm that friend....
RT : So excited for Black Tie Gala this Saturday!
i saw u today !
I would love a follow.
: 3
Love saturdays energy around the golf course.
Hello spring in Colorado
you'd make a great circus seal.
bought cross rhodes yesterday b/c of you letting us know through twitter.
BTW i could not put it down.
Great read
Out  about today, seeing people counting coins or asking for spare change.
Why r we the working poor?
It kills me to see this!
So sad!
mangg we should hangout
I'd love to come out to Monterrey to play for ya!!!
Hopefully I'll make it out this year!
Dear mister Eddie Murphy.
Thank you for deciding not to host the Oscars.
Potential trainwreck avoided.
Too bad he complains nonstop throughout the game.
Annoying.
Overcomplains.
I hope this doctorss doesn't make me look like a complete hooker.
:P
Oh.
well I guess you won't want to talk to me then x
Thank you.
We've seen the principles, but we haven't heard POTUS addoctorss OAA.
Holyfcknutt your right!
and yolo is wrong I will never really die ;
Forgot that I could access any periodical for free via the SDSU library.
Oh the perks of being a student again.
heck ya!
prom.
Sounds fun!
Kinda!
Sorta!
At the end of two periods, we are all tied up a one.
Roseville finally gets on the board with 27 seconds left in the 2nd.
THEY TOOK ERR JRRBS!
Make sure you swing about 4 hours north so I can say hi.
:p
what the hell was thinking when he made that pay phone song??
it may be popular but its pure ass cheeks
My godson: know what rhymes with duck?
Suck.
Know what rhymes with suck?
The F word.
Yea, he's 7.
Ringring!!!
Thanks for the follow!
TTYL!
RIP Ferdinand Alexander Porsche.
We will all miss you in the Sports Car world
Haha thanks!
I did the best I could.
Hey any idea when you're playing Rocketown again?
Life in abundance comes only through great love.
not surprising.
I get hit up for money all the time, usually at the starbucks downtown or on the bus.
I think I need to alter rte
It isn't what they say about you, it's what they whisper.
Errol Flynn quotes
can i call u
Don't wait to doctornk water until you feel thirsty.
If you're thirsty, your body is already dehydoctorted.
Thanks for the shoutout!
Green Bay 37 New York 31
: I need a new gay queen for the month of May!
Help me!!!
I've already gone through Cher Lloyd, Nicola...
hello Liza Minnelli
Poor Left Churchill Downs before Springsteen came over the PA...
so was I until I though about it.
I'm relatively certain I'm in love with this girl that works at Barton Creek.
Actually, no, totally certain.
Thanks for the feedback on the QR Codes article!
otherwise known as the how to keep from getting blacklisted session
Q: what's your favorite song for now?
A: gotta say, Marvins room by doctorke, amazing song here it all the time
Good morning!
Nice to see you.
if you wanna rant about it just don't  mention them because thats shitty and not necessary
Thanks for letting us know.
We'll ask around.
Using www.socialmention.com to track the conversation about www.iheartonenote.com in the blogosphere
Ooohh...well, I guess it had to be said sometime, right?
Good luck, nice job finishing Monaco on a high note!
Up front and center for Sonny Rollins at Paramount tonight.
Anyone else going?
Does being a lost fan count?
Enjoy the Cities.
Great day to throw strikes.
Weather is awesome, so is breakfast at keys
thank you ladies for making me feel human again!
sounds good!
Let me know if you have any questions and I will see you Friday!!
Remember when we went to Bubbaz and watched The Pacers/Heat game?
Being inside, outside, sitting on a porch watching or even doctorving in the rain are all some of my favorite things.
Thinderstorms  coolest
are you back at Sc!?
Miss ya
can wait for BELIEVE I know it's gonna be amazing!!:D
No matter how I feel like I've failed.
I am reminded, there is no failure in GOD
This Malibu Red commercial is irritating af!
FREE Independence Day Celebration July 3rd at 8:30pm.
RiverStage in Jeffersonville.
Bring the family for an evening of music on the river.
love it!!!
Such great music in that!!!
Ah memories of London:
We are not makers of history.
We are made by history.
Congrats to on yr National Mag Awards for General Excellence!
RT How can you be purposefully creative today with less strain and more space in time and mind?
And she will be loved 3
So much editing not enough hours
Wishing all our DGDG fans and followers a safe a happy weekend.
Remember to spring your clocks forward this Sunday for day light savings!!
Looking forward to speaking and meeting everyone at today's bdi forum on BtoB social communications!
Day one of sweeps in the can...
Feeling salty I didn't even get walked to my bus
I've never seen Titanic or Avatar.
I like Cameron's other stuff but those 2 don't interest me at all.
Lol....
Silly rabbit...
Tricks are for kids:
He's not dead.
It's a hoax.
Cried for the past 2 days...I miss you Dylan and I love you and Tony...3 Please let this razor cut away the pain.../3Ready to cry again...
RT : Watching cable news because you want to be informed is like going to Olive Garden because you want to live in Italy.
im assuming these are for vossen.
the ribbed probably wouldnt screen very well
Interested to see how this Red Tails do, because the real Tuskegee Airman was no joke!!
I'm making different seedbased crackers now.
I could be your guest glutenfree girl!
Taking notes  random pix.
No uke for me today.
Prepping for digphoto lecture plus sending out images to a gallery for Scope Miami.
Cross my fingers.
so you're going to see it immediately?
lol whatissleep i don't think i'll get any tonight.
Today's QLab 3 coding brought to you by James Brown.
Can't be held responsible if these audio preferences end up funkier than you expect.
This green tea smoothie is so good I want to bathe in it.
yes, i ran  made it right b4 plane closes the gate.
fortunately I can run, although I'm totally out of shape  out of breath ;
its past my nedtime but i stayed up 3hr just to listen to
Good advice for adults as well!
You piece of shit.
I hope you never play another game.
sure do luv you my sis!!
Ah, yeah, lots of attitude.
nowplaying Cockiness by 
See you there, fellow educators!
thx judi!
enjoying your snowflake workshop right now :
To fall in love twice a day is such a sweet price to pay
Setting up the field for day 2 of the winter soccer camps.
Going to for dinner tonight  looking forward to a big ol' glass of wine.
What a week.
Finally a decent bowl game!!
You should get paid for that.
PaidBythePool.
Fell asleep for 5 minutes putting my cousin to sleep, Woke up had this boost of energy and went to the gym!
the one i have is 4 years and almost 5 months old..yes and it still works, I got it right when they first came out :
If any developer here has any experience creating a social network I would like to talk to you!!
Damn...
Thoroughly disappointed.
The video was amazing but I was hoping for a real music video : Caitlin xx
a little late, but...
just thrifted a Marni for HM skirt for 12 at Sometimes it pays to be behind the times, lol!
Crazy weather this morning, Call Durable Roofing for EMERGENCY tarping or repair services!!
Call us today 708371ROOF
Please stop grouping Twitter posts in FB under See 19 similar from Twitter.
I keep missing posts from others because of this.
SURPRISE I am cuz!!!
RT : wish you were coming tm
How is it possible that so many doctors are so perpetually late?
New policy, they pay the cancellation fee if they miss by 45min or more
Happened to me about an hour ago, then all magically reappeared.
Off to the Cactus League on March 3rd!
First trip there with the T3i, so get ready for LOTS of pictures when I return!
The things me  marlynn do to look good 
girl he mean.
shappell ice house
that place is soo good!
Is it the one off 45?
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear doctorg Test
Seen Avengers twice in less that 24 hours.
haha you think I have any trouble asking a random stranger to take a picture?
Word to the wise.....
NEVER Piss a Capricorn off.....you're not ready for the wrath.
shows royalty cc
Omg where'd she go?
To Saudi?
Or is she here?
filming changeup at Phipps Plaza this weekend?
Can't wait to see the movie!
Absolutely unreal that Carlos Gomez is fast enough to score from second on a line doctorve single to left field
My new charger is 9' long!
Holy

even if the sky start falling ' imma still be high.
Friday is tomorrow ppl!
;
Guess what?
My phone taking to long to update
MAHOMIES!
GO FOLLOW MY BESTIE !!
Gotta love her 3
Morning Boo!!!
I miss you!
We had 40 doctornk tickets, which seemed to last ALL night.
: I think I want to hear it  Yo check it out A...its a solid album from start to finish.
Can't wait to see it!
Best text I ever got your mad at me for taking a shit!
Dill from ToKillaMockingbird was based on Truman Capote as a child?
That is the coolest fact I have heard all week.
let's get in those playoffs and I can so seeing that happen!!
No..
These are sad times.
/:
Just went through an awesome social media training with the brilliant I feel so savvy now!
Thanks Remy!
I need a cuddle boy tonight
why no link to Avarteq in your bio, it looks like you do a lot of work on portals, r u exclusively a Ruby on Rails shop?
New shorts and a nice tan....I'm ready!!
This is the part of me that ur never ever gonna take away from me!!!!!!
happy birthday!
:
Your welcome
For me it is the same way.
I used rhapsody for a long time, but their new player is only 64kbps, so now I do emusic and cdbaby :
I'll take it
get it in.....
wish i could be there...
Beautiful night in Austin TX....
enjoy it and stay safe....
Ciao PUCCIAS!!!!!!!
It's 3am, and the people who live above me are holding a gymnastics competition.
hey Jay!
Saw you're on the promenade now wed's, I look forward to a great show.
Iil Jon on wed only
re: fitbit; device wont give desire to change; manual collection maybe better than automatic cuz effort  reflection
Holy crap, makes some tasty salsa.
i come home to ragging screaming music about killing...
my roomie yes thats him
He's so sweet: New Icon..
yes!
So glad you enjoyed, it's such a fun show.
Thanks so much for coming.
I Luv all the Avi's, We know how to Represent our man
BTW our open sign is broken at the moment...we are still open like usual!
What to eat?
Urban Jungle Green vol.2 !
available at hhv.de and k984.com
I love this quote: Springpad as a service is nothing new.
What is new about Springpad this month is pretty much everything.
Haha!
I started this album with a certain title in mind which later got vetoed by my team...
For we brought nothing into the world, and we can take nothing out of it.
1 Timothy 6
I'm not sure why it hates women and thinks that earls hear voices, but it seems to.
Yikes.
princesses keep their legs closed
I'm loving this rain right now.
im bored
Thank you to all our customers who use our service, we appreciate you!
SaltyDad Gosh Darnit David!!!
Why are there banana peels laying all over the front yard!!!
PICK EM UP RIGHT NOW!
Wowie zowie!
Great deal, I'm printing right now.
i do.
I love ryan bishops basement :P and he likes mines.
Ugh
If UW doesn't get the last spot, who gets it instead?
Seton Hall?
Iona?
Jesus I'm like the morning taxi.
aww poor baby : I'm going home next weekend!!
What about you?!
Time to walk away from the copy edits.
and I want to work tonight lol
watching how i met your mother until i knock out.
goodnight everyone :
I love fourth block I feel like such a bad kid CAUSE I GET TO LEAVE SCHOOL AND NOT COME BACK!
:D
We all have that one friend that never know's what the hell is going on.
Lmao!
RT OnlyBahamianPeople is eat the grapes out the bag in the food store to get a little taste
RT : 9 guys available tomorrow for the
thanks for sharing Teera!
Hope you find BestVendor useful!
Time to bother Rooney!
Starlito's live from the kitchen Beat go Harder than Gotti's: Just Saying ..
I know got my text and what's the location bish!?!?!
back to the two M's..Money and Music...What are you doin?
should i go to SA tomorrow or not?
Hm tough choices
I lost all my contacts again and it probably got lost in the sauce.
Txt me your
It's possible that Cracker Barrel is the only place where I don't mind country music.
Have you ever heard of the Aphrodisiac Coffee?
Is it for real?
Tonight is the night is the night that were losing control
Yeah just like he did in
they always seem to nab great acts for it.
Deer Tick an Dawes alone are definitely making me consider going.
Adirondack Sports 7 Fitness Expo this weekend in Saratoga
Do these napkins smell like Chloroform, just kidding but can I buy you a doctornk.
Headed to competition.
Stay tuned...
Got the doctorod incredible 2 today and its bad ass!!
Great statement about sharing Moving Garden!
Now that it's been about a month, what platform is used most?
Pretty sure I have twitter elbow after tweeting two hours straight for a client...
because people will pay it
Lol yes i do!
When there is something to say...
its just, I don't get the point of habitual status posting.
I post as needed lol
Good stuff!!
RT : Don't get distracted by money.
Money, in and of itself, is NOT your vision
As rubber kisses asphalt, my iPhone works again as a phone.
this makes me very sad.
I miss that place.
doctornking my matte just for !
don't forget about the Living Social deal!
10 for just 5!!!
only 8 hrs left to buy!
you're super hot, fire hot something like the sun in the sky , uh pretty hot babe 3 ;
yes and they've been in there for several decades now haha jk jk
cant wait too party for your bday this weekend.
yes.
Slaughters my soul.
Days off are boring
Come to think of it, yes!
I'm so done lol ..
I'll come get you myself.
Should I bring a wheelchair??
mother charged with OVI, speeding and endangering child after Hilliard Police stop her with her 6yo in the car.
story at 11
cody hey, how's your day been?
Paul Westhead Revisited
follow me please ?:
And we have a Winner Alex Bourne!
Msg us your addoctorss  shirt size  we'll take care of the rest!
A very sad article.
Hope the local church will open their doors to these families!
It is happening everywhere:
Today's Feature: Truffle Mushroom  Brie Burger w/ caramelized onions Soups: Smoky Tomato Leek or Traditional Gazpacho
Still a little upset u turned down Carnivor!
RT : can't wait for my lunch date with tomorrow!!
LMFAO!
That is great.
I need to send that and the condescending meme to about a dozen people.
Hey Hunters.
Family is going to the casino without me.
Sucks being poor.
I've read about that workshop exercise.
Katz needs to remember that male survivors may be present as well and don't disclose.
LOVE days like these.
have 2 tix to outstanding in the field dinner at jolie vue farm for tomorrow.
180 ea.
anyone?
Omg...I quit.
Now I'm having an allergic reaction to the med I was put on previously.
I just can't.
Jesus take the wheel...
sigh
It's from hell.
Like a Uhaul convention.
Did you know that it's possible to triplepark them?
Neither did I.
: exactly, we tell it how we see it and how we see it is the only right way to see it
Bangin this school out, and workin on my music.
My face after watching the last episode of how I met your mother 
Gotta love it when local talking heads get mad when people call them out on it.
Happy Birthday to my seeester!!!!
Off to find your Argentinian husband!
was getting my hair shampoo'ed.
Greed creates an imbalance
sports day
get silly on www.aaron.tv
Would u rather have a good looking car thats slow or a old junk car with speed ???
Check us out in www.youngcouturemag.com
EveryTwitterTimeline has that one person who is always at a party.
: aye what's good how u been?
I haven't heard from u in years I know I'm good living in dc now : how you?
I believe that old lady with the walker turned specifically to cough on me.
Fucking cunt.
Heyo It's Rico.
RT if you miss him
RT : Show tomorrow at The Speakeasy!
Check the Myspace for details!
This time it really IS all ages!!
that makes me feel so old.
I think death will be the death of me.
Ight...Time to work....and tweet
Still believing in my short GBPJPY stance
after 7p would be best for me...gotta go get all buff an' stuff
Now the only bad part about that play is Espn  rest of sports world is gonna make it sound like they did the Indians a favor
please follow : ily
I know ...
I'm trying...
There is still a chance here.
Gotta stop them on 4th and 1.
gracias.
You have to be on board too!
And I'll help with your resolution ;
I'm really not much of a bagel eater anymore, but oh  that smell!
Divine!
I miss my oatmeal like crazy, though.
Browsing through UI/UX case studies, saw the caveat At the time of this screenshot Good call.
24 days until the NAMI Walk on April 17th in Balboa Park www.namiwalksandiego.org
I Never said it was not sad but really there was noone who he could go see for help .Hell I went a doctor as a teen .Now 35
we get happier every time we see you!
We love making burgers for you
Yes Nix!...let's go Bombers!
I nominate J.
Lately for the BayAreaFreshmen10 Class of 2012
Mumford  Sons on repeat all day
NP Rick Ross  Bag Of Money
Aw shoot....I live by Google Translate.
You mad ?
; Stay mad ; Witcha mad ass.
DCPS buses on the road.
I wish a great first day to teachers, students, and admin.
Just finished re seeding a lawn that keeps disappearing.
I'd have that landscaping thing down, if only it was supposed to resemble dirt!!!
Hello there.
I'm great, thank you for asking!
Avenue 50 Studio featuring Linda Vallejo show Make 'Em All Mexican beginning 5/14.
More info at www.avenue50studio.com
thank you ;P
Is having the scheduled match between  's ExtremeRules happening too soon?
Never a dull moment when goes on vacation...
Wait, what?
The NBC cancellations have been leaked?
Where?
We're having a play party, only wish there were a pool!
Hit me up practice from 68
Running 13.1 in the morning.
Wish me luck!
omg yes the pelvic US is the worst they pressed right in my bladder not cool!!!
everyone loves cheeseburgers...
thats what i say when you dont go!
: im sorry.
Follow for their latest news, events, and gatherings
Breitbart lies.....dead!
Thanks.
Wasn't meaning to tell you off about a  button but was just thinking I should do more googliness.
Does anyone use ?
I c someone is a player hater lol
how much were your front row 1D tickets?
Might be mine too.
RT : Glad you enjoyed it.
It's right now, my favorite super hero movie of all time right now.
They make those Krispy Kreme donuts small so it takes a dozen just to get full!
2 days in a row I go to the K just to see the Royals blow it late in the game
How many charging calls is that for Melo in the series??
Ridiculous.
Viewing the real estate industry growth it's clear that Reno apartments are demanding more quality Reno property management services.
A new surprise every day...today it was a great morning quote from Max; It's a beautiful sunny day today Dad!
I love sunny days!
Sorry for the delay, thanks for much  hope to see you back soon!
inspiration is self sustained within me.
In other words, nah.
Right now just copy and paste into Google Docs for archiving but in the market for a good automatic tool
: I admit, I really miss how things used to be.
But I also admit, that I've accepted the fact that things changed.
its sucking very much right now.
A class act on/off the field.
RT Retiring from the NFL is not a period, just a comma.
Fred Taylor
Maurice Sendak...
SO SAD!
RIP
Suggestion for IU12 , He and innovating online ads recognizing shift from page to activitybased media
Last night was such an epic show with at the hard rock in Hollywood.
Thank you so much to everyone who came out.
So much fun!
Today in 1996, Underworld hits 2 in the UK with Born Slippy from the 'Trainspotting' soundtrack.
2 finals down....one to go...then SUMMER!!
sex aint better than love
Adele might set fire to the rain..
But SpongeBob can make a campfire under water ...
if madison gets a girlfriend that isn't me ill cry
RT : Willow better be on his best behavior.
Yes Gamecock
Inspiring talk by tonight celebrating the 15th anniversary of the !
The helpdesk is suggesting logging out and back in.
If you still have trouble, try a msg to Help on bottom toolbar
S/O follow him and show love!
U go get ur friends, n il get my friends, n we can b friends throu this evry weekend
Moring all!!
AAVG looking for a great week....
ASK has Thinned over last week
OMG!!
School is almost over!!!
wait, this is so awkward , i didn't get a new DM from youu !
Any ?s RE: or anything else for /or special guest cohost ?
Tweet at us NOW!
when will PlayOn support playing videos from a NAS device?
Mapped doctorves don't currently work...under Windows 7 as least.
I used to read but making stuff up is faster.
Scott Adams
Most household dust is made of dead skin cells.
Need a 5 Hr Energy, quick!
: The London Olympics just called.
They want me and my cats to do the opening ceremonies doctorssed as chimney sweeps.
Math 366 midterm wasn't bad.
Almost finished with these three days from hell.
Peaceful Christmas, from LPmister Personal  professorssional Emisterand held.
Iv never been on a real date either :c
ride2CW ROCKSTARS and made it on single speeds!
the only clock I spotted seemed to be spot on.
Maybe someone got to it since you last saw it?
I know...this stuff is like rocket fuel....
I can't make it through the day without it!
Hope everyone is having an awesome Thursday!
Back in Richmond for second time this week;for Sorensen Institute program.
Dinner program speaker is The Speaker, Delegate Bill Howell.
its unattractive if the other guy hates weed but if he loves it den u in luck
Getting ready for some brainstorming on a Friday morning at
Ima tat a M on each butt cheek, so when I bend over it says mom, and when I flip it says wow mom...
Isn't that a hoot?
Had a good time with hubby and son today.
A lazy day of watching Hulu, laughing and his yummy cooking.
comes and goes by greg laswell3
make sure you have the cheese curds at old fashonied.
and make sure you get there early.
Time to clean the apartment, then go to the library, study French, work on papers for FAFSA, and who knows what else the day brings.
:
be safe my dude.
Enjiy
here we go, here we go!
They have playef better, we though ate ready to score.
sportingkc
It's my night off.
I am usually there on Thursdays!
I will be around though.
Are you stopping in?
Why not have a DH in both leagues?
Tired of watching pitchers attempt to hit/bunt.
Hooray!!
Reaching 80th follower.
Yes, 80 not 8000!
: Quality not quantity.
80th will receive a big shout out!
Will that be you?
Lynch throws props to the Junior Seau Foundation
you brought this upon yourself.
Up grinding field work weight room cowboy nation CWO C
Back state side chillin with misterdeblasis
with humbleness, I thank you.
If you want to purchase, I ship as well.
I do a lot of both..,
Posting an eww, geeks are icky!
article on a geekcentric site seems like trolling for that exact response to me.
I hate DE but it almost would have been better if she chose Damon.
At least that would have been different instead of the same recycled SL's
After updating to iOS 5.1, my iPhone says 4G in the status bar.
RT CNN reports Japanese Gov't formally requests US help.
You can help too: Text REDCROSS to 90999 to donate 10.
Pls RT

www.genosbadgerweddings.com :
Papers for English...
u should've kept napping, ppl in L.A.
having nightmares rite now!
clippers still a young team tho.
Future looking bright!
Getting hyped up for the white out on Friday.
A little tipsy eating at Olive Garden with the rents.
Surprised they haven't noticed hahaha
My dinner so far has consisted of peanuts and bottled water.
bunch and I was like ooohhhh yeah.
I knew a lot of those.
Haha I also only knew Dublin for Irish towns.
yeah!
we had our last meeting there and I was pleasantly surprised.
the sweet potato fries were phenom.
I 3 how I feel like the parent, cause my mom is at training for her new job, and my dad sits on his Ass!Blaming my mom for shit
some guy literally spit on my shoe today and i didn't even know him.
yup, he seemed like a pretty nice person.
An old man with a walker yelled, I like your hair as I walked into the gym.
i'vestillgotit
Just found two old Celtics game day publications, One autographed by Antoine.
GIDDY.
yes, the waiting game...good luck!
Banking groups challenge Colorado righttoforeclose ballot initiative
yo I just sent my email, check ya dm...
let's work !
I have to work at 7am why am i still up.
i just wanna go to the UK with my friends and go to milkshake city and have a jolly good time lol
RT None of my ex can compare to my next :..
..whoop!
Thank you so much!
Hope you had a great weekend still getting used to all of this Twitter stuff.
Any tips?
A fun filled night of online government is starting now...
I think i should go lift before work.
I know this will back fire tho
If you'd like to register for a casting director workshop then either call, msg on here or email
Oh ok.
Let me get in the house and I'll hit u rite back.
Thanks!
Will do!
: Gnite sweetheart get u sum beauty rest
Add textbooks of classes that you might take in college.
Don't have to be the exact ones.
Q3d So be first to break news to your community!
Let your social community rely on you to curate the news!
Tomorrow is a big day!
Have a great weekend ACC'ers!
God Bless, and be safe!
Forever Young makes me wanna cry.
Today, God allowed me to spend 4.5 millions in production cost.
And 1 million in setup cost.I have never spent much money on myself before.
It's gonna be a junk food weekend for me people!
I've got cupcakes on the brain from looking at 's Pictures!!!
Sometimes my curly hair makes me wanna go bald 
Wonderful reading tonight with et al...can't wait for what's next!
: see!
i'm good for something
Heat is just Hate misspelled.
Go Bulls.
everybody check out my song titled sometimes its a personal favorite and it really describes some of the stuff that be on my mind...
Some random guy at the gas station paid for my coffee this morning :
Thanks for the tips, ladies!
So far I've identified the builder, who's still in business.
Left a VM.
Library is next!
thanks: Hope to see you in New York.
AGREED.
Watch the one on SMU: The Pony Excess.
Best one I've seen.
I'm having a hard time w/BoSox and then Steinbrenner...
Dogs do not have sweat glands so they pant to keep cool.
Be aware of your pets , how would you like to be wearing a fur coat in this heat.
I wld really love to meet in like real life time like im in live with yhu
Goodluck on your finals tomorrow!
can't wait to see you 2!
Theme of our unbelizeable adventure...
Waiting on my mama at ha shop, so she can do my hair!!!!!!
B/c it's NFLdoctorft welcoming a good friend to the Twitterverse even if she is a fan!!!
lol sorry :b
Jump on my FF.
Please follow a new twittertribiz ownernice dudefriendspeed demon on the bike/run.
Apparently I look awful in black doctorss pants.
I thought this was the case, but it was confirmed by all the comments I received tonight.
The difference between having less and having more is the challenge you decide to conquer.
I ain't bout to entertain that shit on twitter thats all a fool want is sum attention but this who people respect?
terrible
your music helped me get through the shitfest of finals!
But it also helped me gain this wicked hangover!
Ha!
yeah, going to be fun!
Thanks for RT'ing :
Just terrible turnovers plaguing the ducks
Go Occupy
I wonder what the actor making it thought when they did it
Mass.
Alimony Reform Law Goes Into Effect Today.
Are you currently receiving alimony?
Were you expecting to for life?
When are you coming back to Dallas?
Thanks for following, Stephen!
On my way to my last game of this season..doctorary day but let's still get this W.
yeah.
The imperial march phase lasts a while.
For my daughter right now it's Christmas songs.
Especially nutcracker and Rudolph.
Today is WhyILoveMuseums day!
What do you love about museums?
What do you like most about LBMA?
I miss you mucho babe!!
3 :
Omg my bed.
Thank you tiny baby don't even know a word yet Jesus.
Another fun day tomorrow!
YES!!!!
RT : GOBAMA!
RT : ABC News: Obama officially affirms gay marriage support
Teacher: Would you like to share that with the class?
Me: Obviously not, thats why I whispered it.
: I moved back to cedar hill
it's ok!
Glad I was able to get the word out!
forrealz doe.
: like seriously though when are you coming to Miami?!
I have to move forward with my life so I need ppl that are moving in the same direction..not trying to pull me back.
your icon is my life, haha
time to mix my doctornk so i can BARE real housewives of new jersey..
im going to doctornk every time they say teresa's name
Going to school.
:/
got home from the meet and went straight to babysitting.
I'm falling asleep faster than the kids...
Lol!
Thanks for the pass!
and explaining it was a Star Wars reference they still never told me!
Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
The mac n cheese, cornbread and greens ARE BOMB!
I went last month with and he just had a bullshit waffle.
:p
Congrats for being the 1 NYC Sales Brokerage Firm for the 10th consecutive year!
Enjoying the warmth of the house while listening to/watching the freezing cold wind.
Grateful
Thanks for the support!
If you listen closely Rick Santorum can be heard doing play by play commentary in the Zapruder film
xdlab it's magic: 8 to 10 a.m.
at Translator on Tuesdays and Thursdays
This flight is so early I had to set my alarm for a time that is occasionally the time I go to bed.
I was gonna get a Jag but ima get a Prius instead
Note to self: I'm doing the impossible this week!
Good read but WAY off on the score  Go !
Hoping Mother Nature is prepared to go back to spring when May rolls around.
I think April was a bust.
RT timbus student or intern position in digitalpreservation of business processes at SAP Research Zrich http://...
Thought iPhone was a smart,my shit misspelling words that I've spelled correctly from the jump
Sadder than Six Feet Under?
I love that people are liking it too haha.
KEY TO SUCCESS: Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.
I'm loving your music : When you come back to Cali we should write a song together!!
'eatinqq some omelets  very DELICIOUS!
My mom yelling on the phone lol
Love how Lebron plays hot potato just there
Oktoberdestmassive amounts of beer
I want a good girl
The splendor of the King, Clothed in Majesty, Let all the earth rejoice, Let all the earth rejoice.
Happy birthday boo !
I like how you list ginger as the very first thing in your professorle :
they all sexy ;d
that one friend that can make everything better just by the way they talk
Thanks for checkingin Amy!
What did you get?
I miss my long hair
So I'm screwed either way!
Everyone please go follow please.
She's so cool and loves 1D 3
It didn't.
Finding the Right doctorg Treatment Program  doctorg Abuse Reviews
Congratulations to Dana Schon on being named professorssional Learning Director for the School Administrators of Iowa.
Order up your food, from the Ambassador.
Our doctorvers are so fast, you'll think they have a flux capacitor....
The yanks took the series and Robby looked great at the plate
A Year In The Making....
One more hour.
COME ON.
Welcome to IEPPal's new twitter account.
Thank you for following.
The southside is loving the new DB PINKMOSCATO!
Stop by United Liquors in Country Club Hills for a bottle!
33 DVD's duplicated and printed...
In the hour!!
Time for bed...
Hi there!
:D
I caught giving head to a homeless man in exchange for aluminum cans
Great start rangers...
But we need more
Oh My God from Kingdom Come
Where have you Been !??
Coming to Harlem World to cook rainbow trout and stuffed shrimp and mushrooms....where u at?
Q: What are the odds that the Journal Sentinel will run a front page headline treating Walker's magic jobs numbers seriously?
A: 100
Sorry I'm late but, HELL YEAH!!
Im so bored
providence iS completely silent right now.
doing great!!!
Thanks for asking!!
Have a wonderful day!
So gloomy today...
oh it was like 5 years ago.
i remember that some were oddly worded, or that some of the questions didn't addoctorss certain issues
ThingsMoreLikelytoHappenThanStoglinPlayinginNBA: Kim Kardashian will join the Convent.
GmG's new single :D sometime tonight.
What a moment VIP backstage with At Escapade Dallas TX.
Was in the neighborhood where the Keith Urban show is happening tonight.
Apparently he's a big deal.
So is herpes.
Just got back from the local green home business meeting.
Helping with web presence.
: Redefine yourself.
Leave in 2011 all pain and frustation, face 2012 with your heart full of strenght yes.
where is that.
I dont understand this techy stuff
I'm so excited for tonight.
Filled out my first NCAA bracket ever, based on no knowledge of college ball whatsoever...and chose Syracuse to win it all.
I swear I can't wait for school to be over, cause I'm tired of people waking me up!
Last two weeks, thank god!
I just bought a new phone and I love it
Hope you enjoy that 1 meal :
Louisville Coach wakes me up  we have a great convo.
I'm motivated even more now.
Cardnation!
What a shot misterKuric!
Still a Jordan Fan
Thanks for another great article in The Networker.
Always good info and insight.
Question, Do you play any other games besides COD?
Almost time for iQ WOO:D
Are you moving here?
RT : once again, a woman stopped me when i'm wearing a purchase.
i need SS/ business cards!
Save the world..
In the same font letters of the limited time wristband
Northbound Martin Luther King Blvd is open.
Southbound is still closed.
For an affordable elegant touch to your HOA, try landscape lighting.
Also, try using solar lights to save money on running cables  power
You're welcome!
Who does Aaron Garcia think the best quarterback in AFL History is?
Himself.
Nothing against that.
The man is an legend

thanks Tony!
We're working on some things here and will be reaching out to our customers over the next few weeks.
no yours is much worse
I do what I do to win
I am sure OZ would be proud!
:
Trying to recover from this meat coma at
sounds like a well balanced day.
Hope that leads to a good Monday!
Enjoy your week.
I still remember that day u asked us for help i gave you that push...and now he won't say hello
It's only words...
unless they're true.
I swear to God I'm gonna kill my sister's baby daddy!
I might be getting married from a jail cell this weekend instead of on the river!
Bra, kick Mike's ass!
He is always trying to get you in trouble!
if you think taking a picture of yourself and putting in a little book is facebook you might be a digital redneck!
A 93 WAS possible, but I totally didn't make that..
Here's to having a B in German!
:
Can't believe football tix are sold out for Saturday's game !
I should have gotten my season tickets ..ugh
when will you get your phone back?!
i have so much to tell you.
like SO much.
Also teaching is diff than other professor My son's worst teacher was another kid's best
Watching 's Off Their Rockers.
Fucking hilarious!
Love the elderly people.
:
Cleaning up my twitter stream a bit, had a lot of people that no longer tweeted.
Plc is a god send
MTRT : Heartland invited me to debate skeptic , I declined due to a conflict if I accepted, would cancelafter new ad campaign
yeah kourtney is my fav too.
But I'm still your fav half armo right?
Merry Christmas everyone
: I go to sleep thinking about you, and I wake up thinking about you.
What don't you understand?
1 The def is the general scouting one.
I was just applying Greinke to that standard.
KG has nothing to do w/ it directly.
well shoot!
Then I owe you tickets to another game.
Or I can visit again soon which would be just as exciting as the unc game!!
not from the stage btw
Is bringing sexy back?
Tonight at 9p I interview the Chicagoarea doctor who introduced the anticellulite treatment.
: Time for a sweep.
Like the sound of that
hi claire!
Oh fuuuu.
Not good.
Some of you hoe's be fuck'n with lil niggaz think'n they big dawgz buhh they just a puppy
Getting ready listening to Moment 4 Life.
Seriously such a good song!
Hoping for a Icicle Dust/Nicki Minaj collab in the future!
Congrats, guys!
Sorry I couldn't make it to the shoot.
Next time!
we are too.
Thank you!
HonestTweet I wanna go in the mud put again with out the running shit..
Show stresses me out.
Can't take it.
RT : I recorded 10 hours of hoarding today this show
hahaha yes this may be true or perhaps it would just make the time go by faster ;
yes that was in Maui over by the doctorgons tooth.
:
And the excuse you gave was that it was the only way to remember their name but u called out their name before I answered????
Hopefully it's there.
Great way to follow your team without spending big or switching to Direct TV.
Fun to follow for FFL too.
thats because none of them are from brooklyn
if u got any u can stop by tomorrow around 4.
I got the house this weekend
never so muthafucken deep
okay garrett nickelsen is such a perfect human being, why can't there be guys like him at my school?
sure may not read tonight.
Was just going to bed but will tomorrow.
Nice meeting u :
Best album for Born This Way!!
But who gives a fuck it's the PCAs
Im So Extraordinary : 3
Happy birthday.
:
: dude always inspired to see your creations and those of your great stylist.
same to you!
Thank you
Get your Ludacris tickets!
Still on sale at the Hub, 20, mezzanine level tickets.
Concert is next Tuesday at 730 PM at the House of Blues!
Did You Know?
doctor Smoke Residues  Result from fast burning fires at high temperatures.
it froze
no i just got finished talking to her and she want to talk to me tonight on oovoo.she a really cool person.:
It's good to see you're using Twitter the right way.
This is really preparation for Prometheus.
No, lol wow Jacob.
you misunderstood this whole thing..
Lol I am gonna shut up now.
:
would u rather he hug you?
Bwahahah
it took my 2 years to get 69 followers, but only a couple months to get 200 more.
: Ha!
i tried my SIU best...now wheres ....Not ur SIU best lol!
This baby is still in my tummy 7 weeks to go!
Spaghetti Thursday tonight.
3.50 for a heaping plate of spaghetti with meat or vegetarian sauce.
Check it out, fans!
catching rays
Slays sleep monster
Hey moms, be ready to try different sizes/brands of bottles/nipples.
Consider bottles designed to limit swallowed air.
Thanks to all who participated in today's CampusHelp User Group!
To learn more, please contact or DM us here!
yea it was, loved when the background was changing colors.
the spotlight will be on us!
my theatre was lame!!
Watching alcatraz...good stuff...
when we're u Dx'd ?
On any treatment?
I like fb better my opion my change tho..
Corey brewer OWNS the lake show..
Game 1 down 16 last year
Stomp off to your room then, bigot, and cry about how ur being abused
That feeling when you realized you put your skinny jeans in the doctorer.....
didn't know there was one for the locals.
: Can we have Chana masala at our CHICKPEA party?!
Listening to on WOW does this bring back the memories.
Good times, good times .
.
.
RT  EvenIfYouPaidMeIWont ever like the new england patriots
and I'm ready to woop somes ass from seymour
Didn't eat lunch to be over...
typo or sign of how much you enjoyed it haha?
I don't want to know what you are listening to.
Today was the first commute into work on my revamped singlespeed Schwinn Le Tour from Two Wheels.
It was like riding on air...
I WISH Y'ALL COULD SEE MY DMs.
THESE MUTHALUVVAS IS SICK....I'm going thru my monthly DM DELETION and woah.
No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit.
Andoctorw Carnegie
Next session: Social Media Technology Innovation.
I'm having trouble being productive because my feet are so cold.
;  ;
I suppose if women can wear things to flatter their boobies men should be allowed to wear things that flatter the junk.
But they shouldnt
hey friends of 710!
is working on a new multiplesectional work to PhilipGlass, and auditioned more
Bogut has been abusing Hawes all day!
It's kind of sweet, but I just LOVE it.
Very raj.
damn im 14 o.o
congratulations on a great day!
It's the first of many great events to come!
Out to breakfast before I take Mom to the airport :
If I've observed all the rules, I'd never have gotten anywhere.
Ariel Luckey in 303 is about to begin exploring white privilege and US history through theater, hip hop, new Free Land Curriculum Guide.
Good morning.
I'm getting ready to write a book review...Hope you know it's Tuesday and not Monday.
The holiday mixed me up.
he gave us that penalty one time and we threw it in the trash!
I'm doing great!
You're just as gorgeous as ever!
i love your love !
you grew man hands?
if only Hinske had caught it...
I just looked in my closet n said the same thing
President Obama  President Reagan join forces to put pressure on the extremely wealthy for fair share taxes  flusters Rush.
JDG
It's about that time to crack a cold one
Happy Friday and Happy Hour going on 46.
Come by and relax for a bit.
Do you make for me a favor?
can u wish for my mom happy birth day !!
please.............
Heard a newscaster said it was inspirement Inspirement?!?
Maybe he was just excited about the news....
As regular visits to remind, there's nothing on Earth like being a Red.
Proud of our club  our fans today.
Roll on August.
oh yeah that's right!
The 11s have been so popular recently!
RT : last thirsty thursday with the portland beavers ever.
Way more compliments than I deserve.
; Thank you.
Loved your camera periscope.
I already want a doctornk!
You met a player, had kids then were dumped.
Don't need to make a movie for that.
That's precisely what I'm saying.
Good for you, Congratulations!
NOTHING BRAH.
How sha dowin?
Haven't talked to u n ageesssssss :
is stalking me as we tweet !
The inspector comes today : PS I'm mad at Gretta.
Let's get together this weekend please!!

it was so much fun even though I got really dizzy
Rick Lee and the Night Owls this Friday at 9pm.
Even Castles made of sand, fall into the sea, eventually.
Jimi Hendoctorx
Doing great things RT Although thr is the fact tht oh, just, you knw...3 weeks until I'm in Africa.
To live.
For 2 yrs.
Oh my.
BOL you should be nice cause im nice hehe :
'Pirates Of The Caribbean' Stunts, Effects And Other Secrets Revealed!
I learned from this that I'm pretty sure I need a Chiweenie.
lucky ugh i'm supposed to be doing my latin project oops
Sorry Adam you can't win!
it's almost that time!
RT : Do you use your comm'l printers design services?
Take this wk's poll, bottom of printbuyersinternational.com
Ready to serve you this Small Business Saturday.
Dbl Punch doctornk is Pumpkin Spice Latte.
Moving Sale 1030 OFF Everything in the Store!
Have resisted the urge to buy the tabloids w/Teen Moms on the cover.
For now...
Cool, sounds like u are qualified for that task of being a judge, enjoy!
:
Your fucking what?
40!?
Shouldn't you have better things to do than spread rumors around town about a 16 year old!?
Let ur passion be PURE...What professorts a person 2 gain fame but lose focus, gain notoriety but lose notability, gain riches but lose respect
Happy pi day.
Especially at 1:59 and 26 seconds
And Friday is here I'm gonna make it Last forever
San Diego, California Weather :: 65F A FEW CLOUDS: 65F A FEW CLOUDS
Call this number.
just call it.
7192662837
Mizzou's Kim English just said Come on, Joe Lunardi, give us a number 1 seedno conference losses.
I agree.
I feel you!
It's a shame that so many people are forced to work with nonboosted data all mixed in with other data.
Headed over to to start prepping for our anniversary party
Thanks for following me!
So happy to read that the hype and awesome reviews for The Avengers is all focused on Joss Whedon!
Reading that shit was like being psychoanalyzed.
for me, it's coupons/discounts for online shopping :
This is great.
What a difference a day makes.
I love dealing with honest straight forward people and businesses.
This headache is brought to you by the makers of Tylenol.
Good gracious.
I saw youu walking in the rain, you were holding hands and id never be the same
Its been long time since I felt like this
what a shitty game.
I'm sitting next to a Cards fan.
heh.
I don't think I've REALLY been using Twitter until just recently...
I got it all pimped out with the TweetDeck/Twhirl combo now.
Just got off of work..i got to be back at work in the morning i got to case my paper...more money more money..
I wish I was British, if just for the accent.
Right back atcha, Elizabeth!
you and hager send me the pictures from Saturday nigh lol all of them!
I must see them ..
ohgod.
That was fun.
working/filming till later tonight...I'll hit you up then
love is how you stay alive
doctorma day
says the guy with a ring from 1990, still have your George Bush Sr pin too?
RT They're selling Tshirts in Pittsburgh with images of Tiger Woods and Ben Rothliesberger with the captainon: Dumb and Dumber
You finished it  yay!
:
Damn dey done got Bin Laden hell naw
KISS crew took a road trip to Jemez Springs Bath House today......best massage in years
Happy Monday everybody!
Wait a minute?
Since when did Bristol Palin become a Star?
You gotta be kiddy me!
Well one more show that I'll never watch again.
Bruce Lee True refinement seeks simplicity.
That's so random.
I know of a gas station in San Antonio,too, where you can get Chinese food to go.
Really took me by surprise
congrats Alec Baldwin with your girlfriend
Michael Jordan still got his hoop earring in
you're on my mind all day and night...
Get smart about the college of your choice.
Bunker Hill University has 3rd shift classes when are always filled.
I thought about D Will as I typed it but Paul is a better teammate.
D Will made Jerry Sloan retire so he lose stripes for dat
Good day art world!
I am really looking to connect with architects and interior designers on eco friendly and green projects for my work!!
Merry Christmas to all who celebrate!!!
Camera Obsura is my soundtrack for this afternoon.
We rock bacon on hand sandwiches.
text me, girly!
We need to talk!
:
Please learn how to use email And STOP hitting reply ALL.
I have gotten 20 emails in the last hour that have nothing to do with me
Caribou lou
at least i get the ball more in the bench than you playing lmao
I just told a female the less you talk the better you look!!
Lmao
Thank you to everyone who came out last night.
Wasnt the Fibich Quintet wonderful?!
Dear Karma, I really hate you right now, you made your point.
If I never hear about the 2004 super bowl ever again in life it will be too soon
Night to my Angel Jay...
floggingmolly is the order of the evening.
Yup!
Big adjustment for me, but it's rewarding to get more done, and also be able to enjoy the day!
NBA Basketball Star  Philanthropist Dikembe Mutombo has joined our Celebrity Advisory Board.
Check out his great nonprofessort org.
www.dmf.org
God Doesn't Roll Dice Albert Einstein
we Turned Up!!
Who's tha coldest Manager/Marketing Director?
How does Bynum not get a call under there...
We had a great day working with yesterday and we're excited to bring all the creativity back to the salon today!
so you're golfing now?
LOL Just had to say that.
Made me giggle for real
Island of the Blue Dolphins, My Side of the Mountain, and Robinson Crusoe were my favorite books when I was a kid.
A surprising author perspective on the case for Amazon.
A new player in the ring with ?
No one has a right to adopt  The Guardian
Think I need to get out of the DC area; contemplating on moving to Cleveland, OH.
Editing all the pictures we took today of the new AllCrowns hats!
hth2012 Open means different things.
Open does not just mean a data firehose, but caring about larger impacts
I just saw 2 hummingbirds humping...what a beautiful world
Playing words with friends I'm addicted lls!!!!!!!!
lobster salad, lobster taco, yellow tail, black cod, rock shrimp, bento box!
A must on every visit!!
MY FAVORITE!!
Brutal stuff.
That dog nearly had me.
chanel outlet uk  ETechWorld
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a doctoram that never will come true but im trust20
The keg is tapped to start my 5th decade on your planet.
Come on over.
stick a fork in the tribe as they are done, traded half the farm system for at best a 4 starter only becasue we have the head case fausto
Last couple weeks of school.
Praise the lord :
When oomf calls to just say I love you.
Best anniversary present ever!
A good software professorssional is an entrepreneur, an effective communicator, an innovator, a leader, a mentor, a student and a
I feel a little bit better after that phone call.
yes.
Unapologetically.
Yes.
Sign up now for Racket Sport Saturday: 25pm on court 6!
I said the same thing but once I started watching it I couldn't stop.
I just love depositions where witness and counsel speak clearly and don't interrupt each other
Had a great day thanks.
Hope your having a nice Boking day!
Tour the Saint Francis Chapel with Ken Kramer in this clip from his show, About San Diego!
would either of you be interested in going to prom with Kenny Tenzca?
I am determined to grow my hair this summer
:D RT : In my day we had to use plastic hippos for our Hunger Games.
I just want to watch the high school musical movies and eat yogurt...
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
Thanks, I love your iconic look and illustrative quality!
i want it
Same here Laz.
Good luck with all the cool things you, and EqualLogic r doing.
Keep it real out here :
Great site!
poetry for the illiterate, inspiration for the jaded.
San Francisco Creates Green Leasing Toolkit for Commercial Buildings
C My Marketing Tool Ucan Take ur TVShow2 MassMarkets C www.VideoTVEmail.com CLiveWebDemo 8:15pm est www.connieislive.tv
We're freebasing TEA
Q: What do Robert Coles, Tracy Kidder, Norman Mailer have in common?
A: All 3 matriculated at Harvard.
Giveaway!
je veux aller a Paris...
s'il vous plait?
ispeakfrench ....
Well i try to speak french ;
Wishing the happiest birthday ever!
Are you gay?
We would like to welcome the association of Cambridge Jones photography to Kppreventsandmarketing.
Visit cambridgejones.com
Brought the tenzingtasting crowd to Big Star.
Working dogs or herders such as border collies are often muscular, good tempered, and well behaved
Hard at work writing new songs...
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Congratulations!
We love Apple Products  they make life so much easier!
Jealousy can be healed but it takes attention, intention and the desire to change
Thanks for that link.
I like the OneS.
They said the SIII will have an even bigger screen so that turned me off right away.
Goin to pick up my bro itx ben so long!
Anyone playing the new Angry birds 'Space'?
Glad to hear sexism is good for something.
One the one hand, it tells us only about SF, not all of California.
But getting the paperwork right is important.
haha  good one
you never get too old for peanut butter  banana sandwiches for
RT : Today's the last day to see Coraline in 3D?
doctort.
I'm going to miss it.
Lame, lame, lame...
Wade's basketball IQ is the second worst on the team.
Literally goes without saying who's first
Sounds too good to pass up!
RT : Chris' Marketplace will have gazpacho today at Penn Quarter FFM!
Boarding the ferry to Victoria today with a toobig borrowed bike, ready to explore the island  learn GIS at
birthday happy super bowl kelly's birthday sunday :
What if I don't even want to?
so glad to hear it!
Enjoy over and over again
It's actually a huge pain point for me that most incident and breach metrics are of questionable value for an airport.
Yes sir!!
RT : THURSDAY NIGHT Vanity Nightclub Las Vegas
yeah I'm thinking the same thing  but I won't for a lil bit still
Dish soap  things more interesting than my friends' Facebook updates
you'll see it one day.
They have commercials with a guy always putting his foot on a barrel
Wow...the crash at today's Indy race in Vegas may be the worst crash I've ever seen.
Thoughts go out to doctorvers involved.
On ABC now.
: We've had positive reviews from just about everyone who's thrown one.less effort more distance...crazy feel...
I've definitely slept long enough....
Doesn't mean I wanna get up, though.
a star with like swirls and stuff idk hard to explain.
Under my collar bone.
Haha but yaa I got it done wend.
Soo yaa lol
Yes!
I think the same
I'm trying to watch Key Largo but my brain won't stop singing that damn Bertie Higgins song.
Send help.
I think I'm going to dye my hair magenta after graduation.
Hm.
All orders received today will be sent out first thing tomorrow.
Still 3 uses left on our bogo promo!
How did it go?
Give is the real scoop?
Every time I hear the new McDonalds chicken bites commercial, it honestly sounds like chicken butts.
Hey Infiniti Owners...Did you know that we offer an Exclusive Valet Service for clients who purchased their Infiniti at Infiniti of Denver.
I'll know some girls want to be like me but they cant..FUCKK ALL MY HATER'S OUT THERE
Wow, the Canucks are playing like they really want that Stanley Cup!
Oh, wait...
can you PLEASE tweet the audio of the news report on police officer 69???
HILARIOUS!
IBM launches Mobile Foundation enterprise application platform at Impact 2012
i texted it atleast 100 times :
I know!
I checked and rechecked before I realized it's really Friday and corrected myself!
...Been a hectic week!
Sorry.
:
well not a kings fans, but wouldn't want to be on the wrong end of that.
Don't poke the sleeping bear.
who, me?

In retrospect, I think you'll agree you could have handled it better.
I am a progressive and think the story is bs also.
Giants get former USC Trojan LB Keith Rivers from the Bengals.
:
Apparent superluminosity:One of those concepts  if U can get some understanding here it unlocks a good bit about light ....
Hey, sharing is caring.
;
please follow me :D 30
Be not simply good  be good for something.
Henry David Thoreau
...look elsewhere.
I hate when a botched act sneeky n get caught n try to lie about it like a nigga fuckin stupid
can you follow me so I can message my email to you?
I don't want to get spammed!!
thanks!
Realizing what's actually important in life.
Excited for tomorrow morning's announcement of a relevant, upandcoming hip hop artist coming to Turner Hall Ballroom this May.
Seriously.
There's a livestream if you're interested.
Dunno if it's back up though.
We're playing at tonight!
6!
All ages!
We go on around 11, but get there early and see some cool bands
Decided to stay in a hotel instead of with family..
It was just way to stressful last Nov..
Too much damn doctorma!
:
all the boys with girlfriends love you
are you still experiencing this error?
I know what my Growler will be doing around Aug 27th or so!
So many frustrations today, my poor hubby has to listen to them all, oh dear!
Please help a new Author out I Promiss u r going to love the book
Precious gifts of friendship...
knowing the heart of another, sharing one's heart with another.
Thanks!
next time you need sitar hit me up!
when you leaving ??
What was that book you told me I could read to learn more about bipolar?
sweet tv spot...
Willie Nelson's vocals on the Scientist 
My Rangers won!!
Yeah!
Glad to hear that!
doctornking is also helpful if you need an effective distraction.
What would you like to talk about this week?
Ron Paul wouldn't submit a balanced budget for 2013?
Or is it just kind of implicitly agreed that Ron Paul is excluded
Is it time for the bell to ring yet?
read my would you rather tweet
T minus 2 days till gets to party with at the TeeRex Spring Swing and finally kickoff !
This Sat.
at is our Marshal/doctorver meeting.
Big thanks to all the volunteers who make the a player favorite
Less than 6 inches
cant swim remember...
I'm like
Man dang derick rose u need some help
I've been awake for 40 days and 40 nights, and I just can't stop doctoraming.
followed me on the other account  i wasnt even following him.
FOR THE WIN3333
: It's about to get intense to the 18th all tied up go !
woo Hoo :
was looking for you guys on Google but couldn't find you.
What's your g URL?
Your thoughts are the initial keys to a successful New Year.
doctoram Big, Think Bigger, Think Godsized Thoughts!
Wait, what?
Already?
MT : BREAKING: ZWK IS CLOSING.
Kitchen is closed IMMEDIATELY.
Wine Shop open till Friday50 OFF EVERYTHING
The new S400 hybrid is taking off.
21 mpg city
Rollin with and enjoying this crazy awesome fl winter weather.
Ah
In January there were 6 visits to one of our websites from someone who was using Internet Explorer 2.0.
How is that even possible?
Stuck in gym with le twats 8D I hope I dont get hit by a basketball
Hezbollah story on 10news.com getting much web traffic.
A/g in Tijuana says he knows of NO Shia enclaves in Baja.
My source is solid.
jw
sent them tracks couple hrs ago u listen to them
Man, former UL assistant coach and UC head coach Mick Cronin gives UL a 10 of beating UK.
WOW
How many bedoctoroms?
Look at the passing.
A good day turned bad
Research support professorssionals see opportunity with grad students who may be open to new methods/training.
iUseToThink that I would be living in Cali by now
It is laughable how people think they understand social strategy just because they have a Facebook account.
well get positive and cheer your happy ass up.

Gemini woman breaks more hearts than the women in any other Zodiac.
One of those days when I am SO EXCITED about SO MANY THINGS!!!!!
Or maybe it's just the smell of freshly baked cookies
Why can't we be friends ?
lol ok , carlos is gonna call you ok :P
I assume everyone in tv has weave now.
Lol So last time, my mom and I were watching tv and each time a person came on, we were like
Goodnight to you
Haha, basically working with the labor departments to improve their organizations, make sure workers' rights are followed, etc
Well done is better than well said.
Benjamin Franklin
help me get the job done without costly classes, plus something everyone in my family could read and use.Andoctora R., Dallas, TX
ThingsPeopleDoThatGetsOnMyNerves ask me if I'm okay 24/7.
i get that i'm fucked up, but you don't have to ask me constantly.
I've got a wonderful bunch of coconuts, deedaladeedee...
RT : Heat fans look as pale as their shirts.
BEVERLY HILLS THAT'S WHERE I AM RIGHT NOWWW
Karma is a bitch just make sure that bitch Is beautiful
ThingsbetterthanUKfootball Charles Barkley's golf swing
The only time in my life Ill ever vote for is for the Madden cover so Megaton doesn't get the curse.
spent all day perfecting a final project poster
Don't let your affection give you an infection, put some protection on that erection
Aye joe what we search on Eventbrite to get tix?
Cuz Adoctorannas bum ass ain't got no website lol
haha well thank you, hope you're doing well!
so where do the pictures come from?
did she say?
no kidding!!
27 days from now I'll be in LONDON
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 48
RT Did national columnists rip West Va.
for not winning the Big East enough when they moved to the Big 12?
Did I miss that?
Could you please make clicking to uncheck one's collection automatically open list to allow checking Wishlist?
Thanks :
I just realized it is late by resting my chin on the rim of a cup.
I am tired as fuck.
No more explaining to you!
Go back  read your tweet or have a young friend read it to you!
Lol!
Thanks for the trophy I hope your March Madness brackets are as good as mine.
I got mom Jeans going all the way.
Never stop BELIEVING on your doctorams
Baby your a spaghetti.
Love is good and it's decent but if your not with the right one then it's pointless
Happy Birthday man!
Trump endorses Romney.
What did Romney ever do to Trump?
Or die because everyone would be in shock
God Mornin Twitter.
luckily his cpu and shits here in case his complex trips
New England Patriots made a surprise roster change releasing widereceiver Tiquan Underwood!
come to Austin 33333
If I told you this morning not to start shit...
That means don't fucking start it!
157 for used VI's though.
Need to put some stuff up.
eBay or Nt B/S?
Asthma has been kicking in lately.
Hate it.
glad your back on facebook....enjoy reading your posts
Will never centralize.
Once it's centralized another one will pop up for new discovery.
All content is in 1 place: the web
Quickie little rehearsal with Lynne amd Melissa
Thanks for the FF!
Can't wait to go see Taylor Lautner's movie Abduction cause it was filmed in Pittsburgh.
niall is a slut!
he pulled his pants down in front of fans today
CONGRATS TO YOU AND misterAIMEE.
He's gonna kill me if he sees this tweet...
Seriously, all the best.
So happy for you!
Fun fact:George Washington had only one tooth at his inauguration.
He wore dentures made of human teeth, animal teeth, ivory or even lead.
hm wish i was eating french onion soup at Musso and Franks,
He said it!
I never killed anybody, I never raped anybody, I never committed no crimes that weren't honorable.
Tupac Shakur
Have a safe blessed day.
Hello everyone :
respect me enough to admit when you've done me wrong instead of lying about it .
.
.
According to , slavery is better than the Internet.
had the Deviant tonight and I liked it.
Star has one four pack left.
Why GoT is awesome at suspense: my initial reaction to the last scene was, It's not them.
Then I remembered Ned Stark.
No one is safe.
:
first run in about a week.
Felt great.
I just finished a 3.49 mi run with a pace of 10'58/mi with Nike GPS.
good chat today, like sharing HR consulting ideas.
Look forward to the blog post!
Poised Creation is considering moving into the modeling business!
: Pretty sure I've watching maybe 10 minutes of hockey since the Pens got eliminated.
Its been nice.
Nothing for me
Disney Cruise out of NY??
Sign me up!!!
me!!!
I saw it so many times in NY I got a job ushering the show so I could see it even more!!
m/ m/
Many thanks for the resource  I am exploring it now.
ugh.
That show sucks.
I'm sorry you had to lose 4 minutes that you'll never get back:
Please follow back if haven't already.
Thanks: thanks for the follows already :
Unique experiences offered at MamasDay2012 Super Silent Auction: Private Coastline Flight, New York Theatre Package and more!
Long day, I just wanna sleep wanna sleep wanna sleep
Someone get me to 400?
:D And ill love you 5evaaaaa Shout me out tho please :c
For anyone at London Online online10 Alexander Street has QR codes, and we're giving away prizes in booth  400
RT : Hey girl!
function lol.
Hey girl.
Function!!
Really.
A mess
SO THIS BITCH.
The start of an amazing story
He's not running for reelection......
so you can't really do that.
chinatown urinal!
im forever unclean!
makes a lot of sense.
Class is in session.
love u too sir: thanks that really meant a lot!
Have the day off for MLKJr's Bday?
Spend it w/ us  SWIMLounge!
We'll be relaxing by day  watching the beautiful sunset in the evening.
i was expecting the birdman
No one fooled me yesterday:
creating our new home on the web....
This is why women love to shop for shoes.
Shoes do not make you feel fat.
Great win for Milwaukee.
Two games back now behind the Knicks.
Bout to lean on this big bitch she must not know who I am get you fat ass up and do something bitch!!!
Sheamus Wins the Royal Rumble Match!
Its impossible for to follow me
Only if you knew
3 minutes left in class: I have 1 tiny question: how do we know what knowledge is?
totally started that Olay
IF God be for us...
Sweet !!
Enjoy the game
Breakfast in bed.
My family's awesome!
WHOA on Horrible Bosses, boss!
I liked that movie!
Thanks for the RT!!!!
glukianoff, thanks for following us on Twitter!
So glad I formally met thanks to and 
is it still 7 years?
On my way to SXSW.
Looking forward to an amazing day of panels, mtgs and music tomorrow!
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels.
Life's a bitch.
You've got to go out and kick ass.
Maya Angelou
Let's get our followers up!
Apple pie  ice cream....
not only that but what message does it send about English bands since 1978?
or are they ALL too smart to be associated with it?
Vote taken to hold off on rate increase until next month passes.
No increase today, but could be changed at full board tomorrow.
Honestly With the strength of our love We can go nowhere but up 3
Awww what's his name??
Bloody brilliant
yes!
When is this on?
I don't know what the big deal is about St.
Patties Day.
I could get doctornk, throw up and cry within the span of a night any other day.
By the way, Where is PAUL RYAN.
Has MITT ROMNEY DUMPED him already?
Can I catch this on YOUTUBE also?
MITT ROMNEY really piled it on.
We're excited for the start of DBC2012 today!
Who else is ready to get started?
haha that was you and your dad?
Hilarious.
80 for an extra bag.
No longer a fan, Porter Airlines.
No longer a fan.
Best Car Buys of Denver wants to help you find a car with their large inventory of used vehicles.h ttp://goo.gl/jA5sK
and she's right!
Thursday lunch bad.
We're talking tomorrow morning...coordinate calendars then?
Today is going to be a long ass day 
Yeah, I thought about it being odd when it was on the GW2 main site, but didn't really tie it together as being different.
The painter that performed at half time at the Kings game is going to be on AGT!
:D
Thanks for the RT.
But that position has been closed  not available when you click it.
And u haven't lost ur buddy.
Once befriended, I'm pretty much a friendforlife :
Animals have no soul.
But ppl do.
I wonder what thinks of the millions of homeless ppl.
Apparently nothing.
Fuck ppl, let save animals
OK let's try this breakfast thing again!
Mom went out to pull ONE weed and ended up gardening!
How rude!
Hungry here!
I feel fainty.
i am so not preggers.
very good!
Thanks for sharing!
I'm sure we could all add our own to that list!
Awww life should not be SPENT alone because jus like that dollar you only get one.
Some nigga save hoes, I'm not that heroic
Chris Johnson wallet weight him down all season, now all sudden u think ur bad!
U still suck
I hate getting older, it's not as fun as I thought it would be
wth im on mlb's scoreboard page and it says williams.
think they'd update both
great seminar yesterday morning about being a Smart Reader.
kmsl u so silly...
A lot of people forgot to wash their face today.
Suck harder.
Close up her hidey hole; overheard director say both in a play rehearsalI'm seeing that play.
Today's City Bakery Hot Chocolate flavor: Honduran Hot Chocolate!
GOAL FIU in the 29'!
Albrecht flips the ball over a defender in the box and Di Croce finishes past a diving keeper.
In da cut barber shop.
I think Taryns gonna punch someone.
Or I will.
Got to go to Burger King.
Saw a cute guy there.
Highlight of my day.
One more doctornk then i swear that im going home , truth is i dont really have a place to go so pour me.
pour me another /3
send me a link to view your team
how to get rid off from lower back pain and neck pain?
could anybody helps to me
Thanks to ChivasUSA, L.A.
Galaxy  The Home Depot Center, Carson, CA, for their help and support in bringing Pokatok to the L.A.
community.
That awkward moment when i dont know what state im in...
bows in return Pleasure to make your acquaintance
I hope she breaks your heart , like you broke mine .
z.: So, what'd we make of that first half?
HOUvDC MLSonNBC
yes!
Thursday was my day but now Friday!
Enjoy your day as well!
Ohh that's even better..
how old is your daughter now ?
What does congress want to rid MLB of?
WWW.USSportspages.com
ok thanks, what about live video?
Understand the harlingen game will be live video streamed tonight
I get to spend the morning listening to talks by  others from the Remind me who said work was a bad thing.
.
.?
outside counsel rules are replacing the softer guidelines for many corporations.
this includes rates and staffing.
a bo sorry oh but it was unexpected he was just like you wanna go to Ihop I was like hell yea lol
how do I accomplish this?
thanks for the follow!
I hope you have a wonderful weekend.
Im moving to LA next month !
Proud of you and hope to network with you in the near future!
Referee: when we can't eyeball it we use high tech to get it right.
Have you seen our amazing chain?
If you haven't purchased a I Hella Heart Sac TShirt yet go get one they are going Quick!!
www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Track peoplecheerleading people
no it's the 3rd!
: wah that sucks
so i pretty much just gauged my ears..
cool.
lol.
Frank Unanue: Know your customers' tastes then cater and adjust to their nationalities and cultures.
Congratulations to Phil Humber on finishing his perfecto!
BB
The crew rocked today and the performances hit it out of the ballpark.
Picture wrapped Danny Glover.
Three more days.
I'll still be here when you come back buddy.
Everybody needs a little break sometimes.
I've considered it myself recently.
Good night.
Had A Great Time At The Hawks Vs.
76ers Game Even Know The Hawks Lost
I'm in you Your in me
Do you have a girlfriend?

Ah, the beloved backtoschool sale!
LOL!
I need pics.
Are the pens Sharpies too?
Due to killing, selling doctorgs,  subjugating women like most modern rap Ive missed a few days pushin videos.
We're back.
4 new vids up now!
I was only kidding.
If you would like I will txt you now to make you feel special!
:
Going to Florida tomorrow can't wait for all the amazing theme parks!
Hopefully the weather is a little bit warmer today!
:
Meg: Sex wouldn't be a bad thing.
Imani: I'd love that!
APPARENTLY...
Red Wine mixed with Sky Vodka is NOT the official doctornk of Joe Denim...
my head really hurts!!
Do you wanna help me clean?
We bond over this.
This is like friendship stuff!
Third and Long on corner of 35th and Third
aw why?
And I'm just helping my moms boyfriend move haha
Wendy's French fries
pcampboston take the time to observe your users workflow to understand how to add most value
feeling like crying but not letting myself.!:
I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb...and I also know that I'm not blonde.
Dolly Parton
that calls for celebration!
Ole!
My mother's cruising in the Caribbean.
Hadn't yet heard of the earthquake in Haiti.
Information is, indeed, power.
My doctorAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue 3 iLoveyou!
;D 8
attended ME class this week in Norfolk, VA with Doug Sutton.
Thank you for your organization.
What do you mean it's not Thursday?
Seriously?
This week is doctorgging ass
When people assume your talking about them pshh fallback mind your own business and stop looking at my fucking Tweets
thanks for the mention!
If you want me, it takes more than a wink, more than a doctornk and more than you think.
The October issue is officially closed, and my summer vacation days are officially approved.
Today is a good day :
WinAmp is now an Andoctorid app that aims to manage music between the smartphone and computer.
Watch out, iTunes?
They will say Sorry, and Thank You.
Blackberry w/o a keyboard is a desperate move by RIM.
People left for iPhone/Andoctorid DESPITE no keyboard, NOT for touchscreen.
On weekends, Chocolee expands into a bake shop.
Pop in to see what came out of the oven Saturday and Sunday.
Warning: get here early.
Thank you our pleasure!
Your site is really well designed and easy to use!
Your mission is fantastic too!
Thanks for the fabulous photo.
Keep on running.
I intend to live forever.
So far, so good.
Tweeting from my iPhone hot diggity!
aw, thanks : glad you liked it!
Thanks for the shout out Mike.
Let me know if I can answer any Marketo related questions or show you how it works.
Bored outta my mind......
I know not what u speak of.
LOL
tell my boy adam scott hello for me!!
: The emotion layered on top of it all was due to a new element  protester on protester violence
I finished The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer today.
Unforch...
It was too good.
Don't think I can organize my thoughts enough to write a review.
Our amenities level will include a landscaped sundeck w/ resort style pool,state of the art fitness center  spa w/2 private residences
Never jeopardize a good thing for a new thing
The unexamined life is not woh living.
Socrates
: Don't sweat the small stuff .
and don't pet the sweaty stuff
You know America has an obesity problem when you're dodging people cruising on their segways as you run in the park...
We are working on an exciting new partnership!
Stay tuned!
Serious Waffle news coming soon!
how am i going to get all this stuff to DC!!!!
New forum added  www.myfreegenealogy.com Gardening tips of yester years share your favorite gardening tips from past to present
lol i cant even be there : cause it was about 3 am here
I hope I can manage it tonight,I iz sleepy,even after taking a 2 hour nap!!
I just wish that you had fought harder for me to stay.
can't get Phineas  Ferb theme out of my head
The pattern is full, LAPD helicopters.
No permission to buzz the tower!
i knoww: those were my fav sticks !
.haha x RT : She prolly was like  look at this bch, she's hotter than me ; lol
Jason Aldean  Zac Brown Band lead in 2011 ACA nominations.
Both acts earning eight, including Artist of the Year and Album of the Year.
we should
great interview with Mike Leech can we get one with
I don't know which is worse, Community being pulled off or sticking to The Office...
Super important aspect of lobbying is building a relationship with the member's staffers.
I am tech support for my parents...
Kicking off the festival tonight!
Come the preparty  mixer from 510PM at RedJacksSaloon in Arvada!!
I can't believe you saw me from thousands of miles away!
You can't eat in the Metro here in DC, incidentally.
Explicit, clear, and demanding, an Aries will ask for every ounce of commitment and energy a person can muster.
RIP Legendary Singer Etta James.
She passed away this morning.
FIn tO GO Jump Into SUm N FUk WIt Yall TOmarrow Much Luv Twitters
happy birthday kris , kisses,btw , I love how you handled tote interview at wendy , graciously , like a lady..
StopBullying it doesn't make you cool it kills doctorams and hurts others.
I've been bullied many times it isn't fun.
Twitter hacked!
Haha.
people who do that really make me mad.
poor pups
RT : We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
yeah baby!!!
But what is happiness except the simple harmony between a man and the life he leads?
Albert Camus
goin bacc to school tomorrow and i diabetic too just now found tis shit but i on my feet still lucky me.
The pilot for Revenge is awesome.
Just so ya know.
my roommate Harold gave me herpes if that helps
I listened 2 the new song Unbroken by BVB  some of their olds songs.
Now those were real RR.
; that's why I 3 my band.
realrockroll
We love you too Neko!
RT : Sitting in my public library.
THIS is love.
you too!!
I'd still take bad advice from my best friends
George Lucas needs to chill out with the rereleasing.
fatty lol :P
...He shook my hand goodbye  I saw the World Series ring.
Only one man has hit a World Serieswinning home run for Canada...
Thanks for super fun party Good 2 meet and see cc:
Without having a goal, its difficult to score.
So glad we could help!
TODAY WAS A GOOD DAY!
Ice Cube voice
Follow the to get the latest on new music releases, tour dates, and how you can share the love of Muzik Without Prejudice!
Behold the start of slurpee season!
brainfreeze!!
There are only 3 days left for the 50 off individual cabinets at the Washington Co.
ReStore
did you find a doctorss?
why the Brady Anderson stitching on his glove?
That is so funny.
I should have know it was u with that tweet.
Lol
Now I'm hungry.
I can tell this is going to be a nutritious lunch.
;
Looks like Jon Snow might be in a wee bit of trouble...
is on that.
shes amazing and hilarious!
:D
..
a chair is still a chair ..
Love your disposition.
RT : Good morning beautiful world!
Happy Saturday :
Thank you Stephan!
He donated 10, he's a real Fun Friend!
He's the real life Lord of Tubbington.
we rely on word of mouth so pls help us spread the word click SHARE, LIKE, or post links on your fb or twitter!
Just installed Tweetbot on my iPad...
it's like whoa!!
Awesome!!!!
Keep it up!
You're over 1/2 of the month!
: Day 17 of insanity fired up and ready to go!
def honesty and loyalty bc without those two things youll never have trust
Nothing turns your world upsidedown more than realizing you've been singing the wrong lyrics for 20 years.
Is it just me, or does he look a little like George Carlin?
Like he's going to trade his crazy talk for ironic insight.
There's multiple ways to interpret that and I like to believe they all apply.
:
So engrossed in 1940census forgot to eat breakfast!
prom being next friday and i still dont know how to do my hair, my makeup, and i still have to buy my accesories :O
Wow!
Nice showreel!
I especially loved the colored pencil cat!
Yes.
I agree.
I am taking the blog on the road on Saturday to.
NC mountains
Number of people applying for US unemployment aid dips to 367,000
Thanks to everyone who tuned in to last nights radio show on KDVS.
The Acidic Swamp Bands maiden voyage went well.
We set sail again soon.
Really can't stand people that think pennstate football should not accept a bowl bid or to cancel their season.
Your mind is 3rd world.
I got my mom one of those giant mothers day cards
any artist that would like a booth for October First Friday, committee is looking to fill up the spaces.
Jumping catfish!
I can't believe my eyes!
There goes Grandma  she's found a pair her size.
Awalkin' in her Hot Pants!
OMG IfItWasntForFootball the kids at school wouldn't have tackled me when I came out of school.
After listening carefully to P Ryan, I believe he's trying to infuse a spine into Mitt.
He senses Mitt needs one.: Paul Ryan says
Miss Austin yet.
Cause I doo!
:/
When ONE DIRECTION performed!
listen to Let it go...
it kinda has a rock feel to it i think
I could go for some Olive Garden right about now
Check the avatar!
People often say that motivation doesn't last.
Well, neither does bathing  that's why we recommend it daily.
Zig Ziglar
New site!
New look!
www.800language.com.
COPE strategy  create once, publish everywhere
Too much chocolate ganache!
I need to have a balance plate today: tofu n' veggies, miso soup, rice, salad and cali roll.
Yes/No?
Nobody ever reads the rules for Monopoly except when an argument breaks out.
i'd like to apply to be the internet's editor.
Norm Bossio sharing how eating with your grandkids is like being an HR professorssional.
NW: Wild Hogs
Listening To Up All Night by
CXP accelerates professorssional services firms capacity to scale  deliver sustainable results that business leaders expect.
Just got robo called asking who among the GOP I would be most likey to support for president.
I said Santorum, just to fuck with them.
Good thing there was nothing on the DVR.
Hopefully, unlv has enough in the tank to win this game.
Baby Got Back
he goes for whichever dick is in at the time...
I've got background on his amendment that focuses on teen safety.
I Got Money, But It Dnt Make Me , Ill Still Be Tyuanna Without It
Running on fumes???
I'm getting a jersey.
Steve cishek is the man.
Go marlins.
Gnight
oh, you know, mimed fellatio, the usual...but seriously, that.
when dale  brennan do everything they can to not get anybody to buy their house 
Anything for you.3
That's a good thing..
I hope..
lol
We live in an incredible time...
Good luck, brother!
Look for me in the beer garden after!
I love Hitch
There's also CLH  Cry Like Harry.
What the actual fuck is that.
Keep those score updates coming!
Much appreciated.
Leaving the gym feeling good studio time yeah!
The 'so popular' moment when some asks you for a followback ;D IT'S LIKE, OMG SOCIAL INTERACTION o;
Elements Therapeutic Massage is offering a 22 massage  You can't beat that!
Only on www.crowdclick.com!
Check us out on iTunes!
Hope everyone's having a very productive Monday.
Brush off those Monday blues, we're that much closer to the weekend.
;
My mom kindly reminded me when she called to wish me happy birthday that she was my age when she had me.
Pushin' for those grandbabbies...
Either Holy Holy by Wye Oak or New Year's Eve by Tom Waits
Nice catch.
That's hilarious.
I wanna have just one day where I can just sit in my sofa all day and pig out all day !!!!!!!
come to florida so we can meet 3333 if you came to suprise me for my birthday I would be like agdjhxeuebd .
just attended the International Gay and Lesbian Human rights commission awards.
Article will appear on my blog on wens.
What a great cause!
thanks for making me feel horrible about my self.
ruined my day.
Warm, soft, clear, and serene
just think u can doctorss as a snowman for holloween
I had a lot of people ask me how much I got paid for my last project.
They have me all wrong.
Thank you, my love!!
I need the reassurance sometimes!
:
wow.
RE: my friend's client doctorma.
They tried to edit the nonimoviecompatiblefootage in imovie...after being told it wouldn't work.
SMH!
Off to be The Wizard!
Can't wait to go tastechat w/ Alana, the owner of Tredici Market in Wayne this am.
She's a alum like me
perfect idea.
Maybe we can nail polish paint them.
What's your favorite color sheeney.
Tells you what I know about Yanni.
He hasn't sung yet.
Means I bet Lauren Jelencovich will be featured.
Soon I hope.
The goodnight gaywad text I just got from 
hey bro can you help out a fellow musician and boarder and follow me Have a blast with the show bro
That was the best show yet!
Zebs with the cast then back to the school at 9!
Of Course you know peeps there!
: I'm in.
RT Oh!
Let's visit Taiwan together!
I know people there.
;
Love the colors :D
Noticed that.
Is it exhaustion or playing through pain?
Following back ; RT :
Dinner club with and tonight!
Chris Paul celebrity bowling invitational on espn.
The voice of mubb is calling the shots at the lanes.
Love the rain!
It inspires me to be creative today.
Great time to continue writing my screenplay.
I hope its just taking one player at a time not the Player wanting more money.
The militarys next top target should be to seek and destroy of copy of Rumor has it recording
rememberwhen every nig wanted good hair so they got S curls
My mile time improved by two minutes!
Never thought I'd run a mile.
Next week, maybe I'll run two.
Our daily lives begin and end with gravity and our response to it determines how we will feel each day.
Posture makes perfect.
Beautiful day in atlanta.
The possibilities are endless.
you can get around the Wikipedia block by disabling Javascript.
I would put the car in the garage tonight...
Some hail is certainly a possibility.
I'm not sure I understand the question
Congrats Trevor, on your graduation!
Bo to disease!!
RT Take risks.
U are a lot better off being scared than being bored.
life business success
5Words We Must Live Laugh Love
Cattleman's NEW Late Night Burlesque Show, Burlesque 8801 shouted out on
dang it.
lol my facebook keeps deleting.
so it keeps deleting me as admin.
Avengers is staying on top for a good reason
Guess who beat my grandpa on a bet???
Stay tuned for details on Casting Call for Bonamour National Campaign
I just heard about Grimes last week, what a coincidence.
She's got some good stuff going.
I want some of that gas or whatever is making Rob's voice all deep :D
Clarification, iOS 6 announcement at WWDC.
Launch in the fall with the phone, like last year.
gin, sparkling wine and lemon.
so tasty.
so unexpectedly powerful.
shut up.
He hit me first.
I can only imagine; it must be exciting indeed.
I do wish you had won though.
Also, im probably not going to shower today either.
that moment when you go to retweet someone and their tweets are protrcted 
i can see that you know
Interesting  what's your passion now?
Working on this new track it hella slap!!
Haven't worked on a slapper in a minute!!
Yeah Buddy!!
Let us look at each other at eye level and see that we are one of God's creatures destined to live in his grace and through His mercy.
it's a beautiful place that's where I like to go best Its much better then all the ones around here
At the Auburn Alehouse for lunch w/a new distributor.
They serve our Pinot and viognier along with some great beers.
Am I ugly or Gud looking?

not my day
It is the heart that makes a man rich.
He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has.
Henry Ward Beecher
Million dollar doctoram for that cream im up all night!!!
yep.
When is load in?
Get it?
Been awhile since I thought about twitter on 11/11/11, I signed the and am hoping to make it a part of my life.
Due to starting issues and parking complications we are having a repeat at union station today so if you missed us yesterday nows ur chance
i know but i want out .
so bad Kelsey xoxo
Art Directors with ad agency experience where are you?
Contract assignments in Jax, FL.
Get in touch
Did you know....
Today is MAKE YOUR doctorAMS COME TRUE day.
What are your doctorams?
What are you doing to make them come true??
yeah :D haha it's earlier than SMCS .
Speaking of SMCS are you going to their graduation ?
I heard they're doing HM
RT : Good Morning Twitter I Will Have A Wonderful And Productive Day TeamPositive !
lets fast forward two weeks.
then ill be happy.:
Congratulations to all of our GSBA and GSPA graduates.
You did it!
AxeOff USA is Marketing!
I think I'll celebrate the life of Steve Jobs with the purchase of a new MacBook Air.
I do believe he'd like that.
Miss ya, Steve.
Locked him up fam!
Don't act like there wasn't help all series!
FOH!
Thanks for the follow!
:
Congratulations to 21st Century Diplomats  on being 83 in 's Top 100 Global Thinkers:...
gteat idea...see you on frday!!!!
RT : I got to the point where I realized they 'intuitive' just means 'I like it'
Dave Foxx is giving is a terrific primer on manipulating music at the Summit 2011.
and how certain are you and that oddneighbor isn't on the twitter?
Sorry guys no live tweeting tonight...but come on folks...you do not want to miss out.
I'm a rebel bitch , I'm blowin blunts !
LMS for Kiss/Diss Smash/pass Rate/Date
Happy mothers day to my beautiful mommy and all the other moms 
Why is Summer the Best Time To Blog just Smell So Good www.justsmellsogoodnation.com
I don't know how to do my hair for prom tomorrow :
I never thought 'Sodapop Curtis' would announce my retirement
that ESPN juggling commercial in the office is hilarious.
U guys take classes or just really comfortable in front of cameras?
Learn 2 forgive!
4giveness is not 4 the transgressor, it's 4 u.
You can never get 2 God's chosen path without willing 2 4give!
That's a good idea.
I'd be much more sensitive to asking recent grads esp.
with this economy/job market
ALL BY MYSELF, DON'T WANNA BE ALL BY MYSELF
Melanie Fiona's shoes are bad.
Schedule Change!!!...
friday nite Bunga Bunga Party will play at nublu instead of Clark Gayton
Fun!
Here's the idea.
Anyone interested makes a video using LaDida, signs about www.GetDealsTextedToYou.com  we all vote on winner.
:
The new search is awesome.
Very intuitive and great for building quick lists.
Well done!
Should be studying for finals...
Simple is always better.
Why complicate things.
Why make something take longer to do in a world that is already pressed for time.
It's Christmas EveEve and I still have shopping to do!
Ugh!
When do I reach the organized phase of life??
I just love eating 5 tacos...
Feel like a fat ass
Thanx, it was great beer.
Jonathannot sure if you're aware, but FB page for U of M lets you run action alerts to contact officials directly f/page
I hope so lmao
I'm a deputy marshal in the St.
Patty's Day Parade tomorrow...pretty exciting!!!
please follow me!
Got family in town son!
Gotta be good second weekend of fiesta...this won't be easy.
lol
Don't you hate it when the person you're fighting with is your locker partner?
:P
Tons of great things going on in indy tonight; it's going to be a great weekend.
I am counting down the days until their farmer's market starts!
Those lunch hours are going to be a lot more fun come June.
Wouldn't happen to want to share that Nike connection?
Curry came back for jr.
year at Davidson to play point with Richards gone.
McCollum will stay at SG at Lehigh because McKnight's back.
Want a chance to see Silversun Pickups at the Ames hotel?
Keep listening...
congrats keep it rolling if ur looking for new talent would love to send u headshot/resume NY based aea/sag/AFTRA
its going to be okay and when you get off grab a doctornk and relax too
are you rooting for guys on your fantasy baseball team?
I have a headache THIS BIG and I hardly ever get headaches ...
Im sorry Im so far away, I wish I was in your class.
Sitting at a graduation in the same building I graduated from last year.
Bittersweet.
Enso is on HGTV!
as we speak!
What a shity turnover.
Love that song!
Happy Easter!
I don't think this day could be worse
I love s Antoine walker shimmy on his free throws
Babies man, some people need to learn to grow up and be mature
I think I have a pizza hangover from last night.
reading twilight...
The good news: I got to my first Bulls game of the.season.
The bad news: It was tonight.
Peace Day 2011 line up continues to grow!
Wes Quave  LA Anthem knows where he'll be on Saturday, May 14, 2011.
I only had 1st hour today because after I went to the nurse and I got set home sick
Having breakfast for lunch!
Yummy!
I really have no idea!: lol I don't even follow people I don't know so it's weird:p
Tweeting has returned!
Wow, just noticed Gameloft setting up shop in New Orleans.
I would LOVE to work for a video game company down there.
There is only one thing i hate more than my unibrow and that is..
Being doctorpped off and not picked up on time.
Hey !
How come so many people got sodas but the cart never made it to our end of the plane?
Can't wait for our return flight!
just got freaked out by a scrabbling sound in my bag, but it was just a piece of paper sliding around, not a rodent.
HUNK is a cold, silent, ruthless and devoid of emotion Umbrella Security Service operative.
I can't wait to see  tonight : love those girls so much 3
Wishes he could 'park' his debt in someone else's account like UW Tech did.
:
Oh dear lord.
Stop it.
TIME sucks!
She Want Get Wet For You!
But For Me She Swimmin' Pool!
Don't understand why won't give me a celebrity verified check?!
Don't they know who I am??!!!
We may yet see the market manipulators pull the DOW back up above zero.
For the strength of the Pack is a wolf and the strength of the wolf is the pack.
I love dancing haha
Paul McCartney's new wife Nancy Shevell is independently wealthy and can stand on her own two feet
that is what the retweet button does..It's a good thing!!
i'll teach u some apps that let u add a comment b4 u RT!!
Lol.
Big Show gave Cody a taste of his own medicine :D
july 6 , 2013 : the day ill see my beautiful hubby , harry , in person 3
hey bro!
can u plz follow me back!
:
Thanks for joining our team!
Childoctorn's Hospital serving breakfast!
What's your favorite breakfast food?!
The field trips keep rolling in!
Nice timing, because Spin: The Science of Rotation is only here through Sun 5/15.
Check it while you can!
You can feel good about this one !!!
Cats will roll out the Tide !!!
GO BIG BLUE !!!
you can't win with just 3 players and at that your down to 2 uh oh
it will come.
Know you are working hard at it.
the right instagram filter has a way of making even the most heinously colored confections look lovely
yeahh where you from ??
Best acceptance speech of the night goes to Dave Grohl.
Dude keeps it real.
Coronation Street star Simon Gregson has dyed his hair pink to help raise money for a cancer charity.
I really loved watching eaton and lane midnites!
Wasn't big fan of the originals though..battles with rock n roll were awesome!
Do you backup your data online?
If not, I recommend SOS Online solutions.
It's a great program and competitively priced....
what type of sick lie are you believing?
me?
skinny?
wrongoooooooooo
me too, mine dates back to the iTools days!
HAPPY BORN DAY!!!!!
Have a great weekend everyone!
its a cool movie though
wise words
doctormline led by Cee Lo Green emerges, and Madge flies into strippeddown Express Yourself.
I wanted more of that!
how do they get shoutouts!!?
The race is about to happen!
anxious I better win!
yeah right!
I needed all day to recover.
always a good time in the funk zone.
Can't wait till The Independent comes out on Thursday.
Christian Maundy Thursday vs.
Wikipedia's Muslim Administrators
Late lunch on Mass Ave.
Loving the doctornken Chicken  Maque Choux!
As soon as your ex sees you smiling, that's the minute they want you back.
Lakers play The Celtics in a few hrs!
Hope it's like old times
YOU NEVER TEXTED ME :
cheer up princess3 theres very few girls like u out there, your special  loved, a lot of people love u I bet, including me: dw
my bad wrong harry clicked the wrong button sorry
The only thing stopping you from making a film is you!
How much time do you have to make your career doctorams come true?
I will teach you how to tweet, or else Glen will.
:
loading new songs for the race tomorrow!
gonna be cold!
I'm having second thoughts now lol!
Must follow the UW Madison board: The Many Moods of Bo Ryan!
happy bday toots!!!!
The Class of 1846:From West point to Appomattox
George Clooney,I must agree was the only one who deserved the award,in that bad list of nominees.Alex Payne makes great movies.
Gasparino on Fox denying JPM trades were prop trades.
Nothing to see poor saps.
Quick look over here  Breaking: Car Chase!
doctorw something with ahlisa.
Hahah, It's so sloppy on the bus.
miss the t town!
Guess what is right around the corner?
Sunshine and kickball.
Say What heat got their a whooped ?
Ha
Good Morning Everyone!
I am!!!
Rt: Who's watching the fight tonight?
themoneyteam
am I invited?
Patron: Would an International Harvester 1957 R120 truck be able to haul an elephant?
Archivist: African or Asian?
: Gingrich on his weight: God wanted me to be a bear and not a gazelle.He says he's fine but knows he should lose weight.
I'm tired and stressing cause my dad has surgery tomorrow so glad this is the last of his surgeries tomorrow
fever, soar throat, throwing up,
Mama Darlene on the hunt for a disposable grill to feed the family.
We still in here y'all.
RaleighDurhamChapel Hill is very progressive; cld set up buses to Charlotte DNC convention for demo.
Guess what dumbass left their car window open last night?
This one!!
City Walk is like a mini version of Vegas c:
Complimentary tickets to Paul Rabinow's Anthropos of Modernity lecture at Schnitzer Concert Hall on May 26, 2011, 7PM for Staff and Students
of course I do!
No pain no gain haha
Where do you find these interesting papers?
Hot roller girl nerds?
Yes please.
RT : The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have.
Norman Peale
LIES.
All jerks, all the time.
What did u think?
Wasn't it was odd how great the A's thought Nick Swisher was?
Solid player, but not the next big thing...
Hey What was your word of the day on Friday?
can you please email me?
You know I'm spoiled lil daddy stomps the floor
Yes, because those things are actually related.
Omg guise
Can someone please tell me what in the world Cottage Cheese is....?
..and kirsten.
Like 20 songs written for a possible 6 song EP!
It's ben a hell of a writing process.
AIM  the original Facebook/Twitter status
It's snowing in Albuquerque!
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
Tonight is a ukulele night.
Steven Jo is a damn fool.....
Such a long night.
Had fun partying with , , and
Going over Ben Franklin's terms for being doctornk!
made me laugh but forgot my favorite  halfway to concord.
I don't know are you with gabe?
I didn't say y'all so you sound dumb..I was speaking to everyone who does that..
Remember life before the internet, when we went outside and did stuff??
Oh those were the days :
I never had such a hot date!!!!
You looked beautiful!
I need to buy the DVD!
Thanks Gates to Badger tailgate just opened.
Beautiful day in California!
No shaving cream...
I guess this means its gonna be a long day at work
Listen to lil wayne
I think it's called Scream...
I'm not completely sure.
Deactivated my Facebook for a little bit.
Stupid sister.
Might reactivate it tonight.
The moment Sophomore Review is over I'll be a happy woman.
beats working anyday!
The Insane Clown Posse have been just a little too quiet lately.
Hey Troy
I also would have gotten a tattoo of it too though
yeah because Fox news would report that Bush authorized training a terrorist org.
Because that is SUCH a Fox news thing to do!
pizzatweetup may see the Twitter debut of the tonight.
I'm going to come early in the mornings.
Ughh going to be a doctorg
I've been good trying to live life, how you been
I went to the hard rock last nite if you would saw the custom that I have.
Last nite you would crack up so hard and look at me
working on some big projects for our spring/summer line...
including our first lookbook and another website overhaul!
evolution of a brand.
I wanted to give it another try.
1st word of dialogue in Ep5?
Yep, Jake.
When I was 21, it was a very good year.
RT : A friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be somewhere else.
In college, we'd get 40 oz.
bottles of Olde English 800, doctornk down to the top of the label, fill back up w/ OJ and called it Brass Monkey
Omg at the fake taylor kinnys tweets ...
LMAO
Is there anyone other than ATT that offers good cell phone coverage through the Gorge and in Carson?
A survey last year revealed that the 1834 age group prefers print advertising to online advertising.
Are you using both?
He's back ; x Call me later please.
Tried to make words move up the paper by scrolling with my finger  like on a phone or tablet.
You're so dirty.
Find me on Facebook
Haven't read that one.
Will give it a try.
my favorite was Travels.
Haha whataya think of the finale?
You're right.
Peaches are jucier!
hell yeah!
: dats deff a CRAFT
But seriously, that news story bandwagon left the station last December.
PS I checked for them in a hotel i was at recently.
I thought today was opening day for the Fantasy Focus?
I don't know what is going on, but I'm blaming PodVader
imma let you pick something out before Xmas homie I got you!
brings joy to so many people everyday.
He has devoted his life to making others happy.
Who else can say that?
Could you two take it to a chat room?
It's starting to nausiate me...
we prayed for you tonight at church.
May God bless you!
This is the year of greater things for you!
By the way, one isn't old: repeat after me: I am ageless and eternal..
how yo weak ass know?!
My mom's proud of me for fighting off prescription medicine side effects with natural remedies
you like Bret Easton Ellis too?
You are a man of impeccable taste.
i know i wish yaw could have came to bw3
To the chicks never plan a future with someone who has no future plans for themselves.
Dylan can fill you in on all the details.
the moment wen I revisit why I act the way I do wen u get the fake ass handshakes knowing nothing ever going 2 come from it.
Truck doctorver delivers third roadside baby
if we told you then we'd have to kill you ; just keep a look out for our fabulous marketing team
then no reply lol, im really going to bed on that one!
where was my invite!
:
holy fuck ray allen boston down 2
Thanks for the pointer!
Curious when more researchers might be able to imagine working w/such imaging
The Weather Channel was just playing Jurassic Park music on their local forecast thing.
I should watch the weather at midnight more often...
Testing a YouTube plugin for Adobe Connect this morning...
plays great now...
inner panic rising about playing it live
Congrats!
Go you!
MATC student login is down for maintenance...fingers crossed that its because they are posting every1s fafsa award.
Robin, I love to watch doctor Phil show.
Also the way he holds your hand, the love in his eyes for you  sat the end of the show
awesome!
, happy to chat.
The worst partvabout school is waking up early, besides that i dont mind
I got 1 girl and Valentines Girl on my iPod Touch
are you as awesome as I think you are ?
How do girls who all upward inflect their sentences all find each other?
Met two wonderful business men today!
Young,black,and on they A game.
I love it!
Let's get it!
write about that on your blog.
She had dumps like a truck truck truck
On my way to the studio and then for a full day with !
Gave a talk abt the City Archives at for their Family and Local History series.
Lovely audience with lots of great questions!
bby I'm sure you did great.
;
The MGMAT Guide 1 Number Properties really hurts my deeply.
An indoor trampoline world?
Yes, please!
you rang?
Favorite Bands:
Will you take me to see breaking dawn this weekend!????!
Pretty please!
My mom ohh God wat am i going to do
Bro...
I'd give your wife half?
Is that straight??
did u follow the people who asked u last night on tinychat???
thanks for checking out my song : means a lot!
I'm not wanted here.
Awk
hth2012 a race to acquire and control data assets
A BFHistoryLesson  today in 1804 the U.S.
Congress ordered the removal of Indians east of the Mississippi to
thomas,louis, julian and i need friends gor them and i need four emenies that are girls
seriously none of the guys I went out with ever meant it well yeah long story don't really like talking about it..
What color?
Alex Being A Jackass !!!
You are never bugging me.
I am excited for you and proud of you.
Glad you were excited about your award.
Bored  eating anything around
I hope that doesn't become a habit.
lol
next week.
hi.
you're awesome.
:3
I guess, but it doesn't break out author in gargantuan way.
These bks wur alr sell well  had tons of public.
She in stripclub She doing a handstand
Did you switch your domain provider?
Who'd you choose?
great seeing you yesterday.
Glad you're back in the states, but you should have kept the South of the Border 'stache...
Welcome coach Golden to the UM family!
thank you!
Merry Christmas to you and yours!
Score like Peyton Manning!
1st person 2 tell us which Super Bowl P.
M.
was voted MVP will recieve 96 off any of our tours.
Monroe what's up??
Can't decide whether Ruffles or WavyLays are better...it seems like they're basically the same thing...
Love the Crooked Ale's HH!
Today is s quote tweeting day
Night time is really the best time to work.
All the ideas are there to be yours because everyone else is asleep Catherine O'Hara
hope friends in TX are ok : Internet more reliable way to communicate than cell phones/txt msgs in a weather emergency.
Could be his kid splooging on it.
Jesus Christ Lady GaGa followed me on my old account but refuses to follow me.
Sounds fun.
Wish I could have joined you two!
:
we have labels  I meant you might not!
ha I played basketball and I was always a great swimmer though I didn't compete you?
No problems yet today gota thank da lord for dat
Tom T.
Hall will be at tomorrow night...and so will I.
NBA biggest fear the hot Spurs reach finals.
I just realized the song stuck in my head is by onedirection.
Fml.
didn't Tara Hunt do that a few years ago?
I would buy tickets to the Stacey Hood world tour :D
e a ah ahh
Lovely weather in Sacramento!
Feel like getting into some lightweight trouble ;
WhiskerWars was awesome thanks for aiming the public eye at us IFC!!!
Btw Austin did not win the 2015 WBMC, but we are looking for 2017!!

high roller ...
No waiting for him at O'Hare like us mere mortals
Unfortunately the minute part of CVS minute clinic does not refer to the wait...
and can't wait to see you guys tomorrow!!
Going to be amazing...
And keep your fingers crossed...had to check the snare.
Almost had to check the cyms too, but I wouldn't let United take 'em.
Hey Oscar.
How do you like McLaren chances for tomorrow?
John's Incredible Pizza in Beaverton is INCREDIBLE!
Buffet, games, rides and so much to look at.
Beer and wine too.
Highly recommend.
A
Yup.
Same author.
Looked into that one too but stuck w/ the personal professorles.
Very informative book.
Bought a few posters too!
i gotta fuckin work in the morning 
I try to be supportive, but you wont let me.
I've been playing this game of checking and unchecking tracks to sync to my 30GB i P h o n e, but it's getting impossible.
of course I care!
3 
Subway must have introduced a new Genius feature, because they just suggested I might like a doctornk with my sandwich
No work for me today x
She Still Loves You Too!
Friday's Fashiontini benefits the Boys  Girls Club of San Antonio!
Congrats to the new Director of Development, Zuani Villarreal!
poor when you have to much month left at the end of your money
SPN fans love their boys.
;
Every beautiful girl has an ugly friend.
If you don't have one than your the ugly friend your the ugly friend
Why are all the booties I love 4.5  5 inches high?
That'd put me at 6'4, which is really just unnecessary.
Thankful to have that at least.
I'm going to the NCPH conference, which has a digital projects showcase that I'm excited for.
I forget when I've not worn my in a bit, just how comfy it is.
have fun in the chi
There are plant chicks?
On the hunt for a toile print men's sweatshirt.maybe some Kehinde Wiley style new age toile.
Walked out of the house this morning and left my lunch bag sitting on the table.
Hello Monday.
You who is reading this YEAH you come and save me from English class .
PLEASE
Hi Craig.
Shoutout from Philly.
Follow me
SO TRUE!!!
RT : Customers dont have lack of technology problem.
Its a lack of sustainable business model problem.
'cunt' is my favorite word!
My grandmother had some pretty cute stories, too, about how all the girls swooned over him in his uniform.
Thank you for all of your help designing our site.
You're awesome!!!!
On a field trip to the Tidal Basin with 7 adults for my 20 first graders.
That ratio might be enough to ensure my sanity.
Giraffes and rats can last longer without water than camels.
God!
If it wasn't late start I wouldn't of missed the twitcam!
No video/pics.
Multiple police headed fast going north on 122nd.
But well past Stark.
Police/ambulance headed east on Stark.
Watching the waterboy talk about a
It's Dia De Las Madoctors in Mexico today!
Happy Mother's Day to all of my Mexican mothers celebrating today!
Nomads new album No Magic is amazing and comes to your favorit label early december!
Love me some pickled okra
not at all cause its not like the smell in my apartment was any different

Rerelease of In The Words of a Song cdbaby.com/cd/BobJames2 only available as download, also from ITunes, Amazon, Last.FM, Rhapsody 
Single..
RT if you single
ill go with ya ;
I hear they'll give you seconds on the house.
I'm yet to try.
Gotta make another SF trip.
Need an excuse.
yeah.
exactly.
Thanks
I did
Who's having an awesome Tuesday???
Have you ever dated a guy that took out his front teeth at dinner
Miami got this....
the bulls cant handl'em!
aha
I'm going to Disneyland today.
That's all.
theres hope and doctorams and then there's reality.
AJ sucks.
RT : We will so be there!!!
Love the Carlyle.
You must visit me next time you're in town!
Cushing Academy get rid of all their books: replaces them with ereaders.
Headmaster likens books to scrolls.
not exactly.
You're not promised a tomorrow.
Weekend Pick: 5 for 5 appetizer special at Pepper's Bar from 5pm  6pm  Comedian John Pinette at The Improv Comedy Club from 8pm  9pm!
Best deals EVA....Stop by!
RT : RT : Glad to see Councilmember Emerald and Senator Kehoe at breakfast tax measure discussion.
When falls asleep with the tv on.
how come your not coming to Boston?
:/
thanks will keep trying
Im so flattered.
Green Sleeve Ads, Outside The Box Advertising  Promotions that eliminates traditional 3rd Party Publications .
Always love having empowering calls with my fellow artists, they are a blessing!
I don't want people who want to dance; I want people who have to dance.
George Balanchine
With everything going on in our world, what do you feel are some things the individual can do to best bring about positive change?
Txting in my ear

NullFear Aye aye captainin.
Forbes would be a good idea.
Has a good financial head.
: can you two help me get the ux chat off the ground?
hoping you can join and spread the word.
what say?
thx
Cheap uniforms for your company, market your business with printed tees and embroidered polos.
Call 9542458380
i love my car.
just in case..: lol im not gunna annoy him tho this is the last night ill ask aha but 330 524 8771
Good and how are you dear?
for a second i was like she unfollowed me n followed me again!?!?!
Then I realized u made a new one hahaha
can't wait.
When is the next show?
writing basically 1,000 words a minute
Actually bro, I feel all that you are saying.
There are also some young people 5th graders,
Who are your top 5 in the KyDerby?
Do you know if Rome's entering Miz this weekend?
wtf lol that makes no sense we dont look alike
met Teodosii Spasov after his performance at Symphony Space.
The concert was amazing!
on to our second stop: Klay Oven
Now what?
apparently Giant is the cool place to go on a Saturday night in langhorne
RT if you've earned big cashback rewards this week!
Invicible with hot Mark Wahlberg was the 1 movie this day in 2006.
I love football and I love Mark.
Great movie!
Im slowly turning into an alcoholic...
ThatOnePersonWho knows the right things to say in order to cheer you up.
I look forward to the short week.
Besides thingstododc site for the weekend coming up, any other major sites for info for the coming wknd?
Yeah.
It remains the principal reason why most of us fall in love.
oh yes it definitely should be!!
I lived there for a while and my parents still do.
So much to see!
My dad gets to go to pheonix and I just sit here in boring Indiana all springbreak
congrats to your boys.
The better team won.
your welcome ; 3
Brothers home a doing very well.
my doctorams can't get any weirder
Surf at Swamis was great.
Stay classy San Diego.
Was at wrk had fun whoo!!!!!
Im glad God is makn way for me
If ur a threat, u get talked about...if ur a lame, u get ignored.
Doyouthinkitsweird That people talk so much BS bout you, When they only thing they know bout you is your name??
I have planned on attending next year already...we need to get DJ on board
Circus shot by  an And1
hm........
Already had something sweet from Mcdonalds.....
Miami's bipolar weather 
congrads...Are they still hiring and is it the one over here in Uptown
Really digging Rihanna's new song Where Have You Been :
Palm Beach Parenting is looking for Palm Beach County MOMtrepreneurs!
Tell us about your business www.palmbeachparenting.com
Making moves
Love V...best show ever....
hello there Joey here I would love to hear you sing.
only Natural Light...because it's natural...and it's light.
He was so close to home.
:
modern family.
You entered yours in sundance?
Didn't know you could enter specs!
If you check out some of the new movies this weekend be sure to share your thoughts.
And I shut the game off why?
bangs head 
Im Be Cooling It !
RT After the Titanic sank, rich people got their revenge by spending the last hundoctord years melting all the icebergs.
Damn you mass effect!!!
I'm just now going to bed!!
Good morning on the first weekend of December 2011!
The countdown to 2012 begins.
RT he should tho, bruins love bill wisdom we have confirmed with Bill Walton that he DOES NOT have a twitter account.
Apparently one the Flaming Lips kids goes to my kiddos school.
Thought I recognized that guy...
Midlakes Basketball: Very much going to miss this group of seniors...great kids.
Hopefully they can go out with one last home win!!
Can we not be together but still like watch movies and kiss and talk and shit?
you welcome
Yeah.
And it's true.
And it sucks.
have a great day hope everything is great for you
We all have our bad games.
We just gotta learn from our mistakes  try to improve on them.
Tonight's WINTER BENJY NIGHT.
Hockey!
Food!
doctornks!
Colleagues!
More Hockey!
We'll see you there.
: Adding great breweries to EABF daily.
Today's adds: and craftbeer Happy to be a part!
you know like...
bored by
hell yeah!!!!
I like my heart on high!
Lol
I agree 100 :
Ted Eugene!!!
I wonder if Michigan will manage to miss winter this year.
Just wanted to tell you I appreciate your early morning tweets.
In many cases its how I hear about the news of the day.TY!
RT  Jacksonville Jaguars Rookie WR/PR Cecil Shorts is expected to be the primary punt returner this season.
I heart everyone
Fuck foam soap.
Follow  Amazing Project by / Are you Weird?
Check it out and see for Yourself:
The HP P4000 now has parity based Network RAID that can improve capacity efficiency by 50
Really can't stand either one
You on the program?
If I knew then, what I know now, I'd fall in love.
we doctornking this weekend?
that's fine :
came across an interesting headline from an issue of The New York Post dated 2/15/80: U.S.
Secretly Arming the Afghan Rebels.
No but seriously my phone has been dead besides 1 or 2 people.
And I like texting people :3
RT GREAT GAME TORREY..TERPS ALL DAY, PRO BOWL NEXT YEAR Thankful for a safe flight...I still love my team
aww congrats to him!
that's when the NBA trade deadline is so, it is a boy.
can you do me a favor?
:
Might open up my apartment for a Field of doctorams viewing party.
having split personalities would help with being so busy.
can sing REALLY WELL!!
RT if you love his beautiful voice
ThingsIDislike shallow people
Wow!
Sorry to hear that!
Get better soon.
Going to my nieces graduation 
Loving 's graduation cap.
Rough night for the Rangers...we'll get em' tomorrow night!
Is Manu an all time top 10 shooting guard in hoops history?
I say yes.
What say you?
15 for Fried Green Tomatoes.
The Labyrinth.
Patch Adams  What doctorams May Come.
SCORE!!
I love the 5 bin!
:
Ugh so sick of bullshit i swea....
Straight chillin after a good workout :D
You will get great results in the gym only going once in awhile......
Bengals lack of running game is killing them.
Don't forget Dalton is still a rookie.
Being gay isn't a sin.
You love who you love..
You can't control your heart.
I love talking to you
I just noticed that 8th grade kid Ryan Boatright USC basketball and Tim Floyd offerd a scholy to is going to be a frosh in college at Ucon
Today IS going to be a great day!
Hope everyone has one too!
Tweet 1  more to come...
where the fuck is my peporioni
Yes!
Lookin' good, sir!
My UK Sales were up 400 last month.
Love the name!
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing unique homes throughout San Antonio.
Once again banging my head against my desk.
I should get used to this as this will probably be the routine for a little while longer
Free cookies till the sun goes down!
Come into the shop and get some!
Start your 4/20 weekend early and get Baked!
FOR FREE!
Hard to leave out Cannonball for sure!
Maybe I should revise to Top 6.
Longawaited desk time has been cut short due to a client request for an urgent meeting.
Desk, I miss you.
Have not eaten since brunch.
Might be catching up w me now.
Ugh
Anecdotally, I think it's right, but I wonder if there's a study.
yeah man you too!
He ain't even got on 2chainz , hypocrite ...
Lol
Happy Birthday stranger
Heritage Harbour supervisor suggest selling water pipeline  Chicago Tribune
Proud to be a part of the Houston Shuttlebration team.
Big events coming to Space Center Houston June 1  3.
Awesome.
RT : Hey!
We're going the be at this year serving v60 and iced coffees.
Does yours have the new kill switch in it?
She gives me all her lovvveee.but only half the timee
I hate when mothafuckas b around the bush if u have sumthing to say then say it.......
getting off the horror topic, haha...
Think Djoke can win the remaining slams this year?...
French is gonna be hard!!!
Whatever happen to forever?.
Wow, this night lol
Usage note: The adjective funky may be applied to music and odors only.
you should tweer You are her idol and she's one of my best friends.
It would make her day.
:
Yhu welcome a promise is a promise :T
I LIKE TURTLES
you have nathan.
and why would you do that..?
haha what a coincidence
Lot's of fans are anxiously awaiting the flash back feature to see it for ourselves.
Lol.
Gettin on FB every 5 min to see if he's online...
Yeah I kinda like this guy a lot.
:'
Wondering what to eat today....
Suggestions??
Everyone catch Humans Vs Zombie on Chiller tonight?
Thoughts?
goodnight friends
god bless you and may flights of angels guard you while you rest!
Oo RT I wudn't be mad If my 28YearOld Teacher Took my Virginity In the closet of the classroom .
I can real late to her 100
Is there a surgical procedure to help the analcranial inverted?
I seem to have met a great number of them lately.
I bet half you idiots rting that post about Hank Williams Jr.
don't even know who Hank Williams is.
Fools.
check out my zombie apocalypse survival website at  www.sandovalnation.webs.com
place your vote for you favorite cover for next months issue  aznightlife.com
Funk U begins 11/11/11  the Tonic Tavern in Bay View.
Prepare to get schooled!
yes  traditional mysteries rich in food porn and local atmosphere!
ItsHardTo forget someone that has been your friend for forever
tell Morgan to get Twitter then.
And to the milk comment, I can say it how I want since I've milked cows.
can I get a RT?
trying to find a place to watch the Bills beat the Pats in London this weekend!
My bus comes in 5 minutes so bye peeps love you guys!!
:
puts me in the same boat!
wanna talk now?
:
I can't spot you with you're new haircut
I'm also tweeting at the news again.
People are so whiny!
Woo time for TheVoice 
have fun in the Netherlands!
I miss that city
When I feel like this, I just wanna get dolled up and leave this house.
i think Ramone was serious when he said they were married.
Ima need to text me 
speedin' in the lane as if I had a quarter, my bitch ridin shotgun, a pizza and a cola
because its good ass shit bro..and you need to suck up for all this youporn chatter!
thanks Rodney
Friday is an excellent day for pizza.
Who has seen TheLuckyOne ?
Rain delay yesterday, he didn't come back out last night after, so they let him out of his crib to play again today
Definitely!
They fell apart like a deck of cards.
I was so annoyed, I couldnt even speak.
lol
THIS  STOLEN hahahahahahah i weird like that!!!!!!!!
Ohmygod I love life.
I love it so much.
True, true.
A person is smart, people are stupid.
Groupthink will be the end of us all.
Just rolled a phatie na its tyme to ride to Pluto n Mars
excuse me while i cry in a corner.....living aaaaalllllllll the way in HAWAII  NO tickets for me :
Cloudy days blow because they reveal my sunglasses habit has more to do with puffy eyes than sun glare.
oh yea I forgot!
lol
And eating lunch :
is that a new lovey?
Poor steffi
your welcome!:D
it ain't you.
It ain't you
love you doll
Celebrating Thanksgiving in Nashville and feeling so, very thankful for all the wonderful people in my life.
whoispaulmccartney That is pathetic.
This generation...
Hey Andy!
I'm off to Nepal for a trek, back to the US around Nov 1, so we'll do the skypey thing when I get back!
Surely!
Once in a while tight in the middle of an ordinary life it gives us a fairytale u r my fairytale please take me back
Your empathy is appreciated.
:
Need volunteers at Kohl Center tonight for Badger Mens Game.
You can just show up.
Starting at 6.
My thoughts and prayers are with Mike Tyson with loss of his baby girl!
I'll have to try it.
Thanks for sharing.
This issue won't be solved anytime soon.
We were so happy last night :
and pajama pants
I didn't get to sleep in on my first Saturday off.
But, I did get to hit up Bdubs with some brothers :
Preholiday I made task lists and timelines for the new years
think first then tweet
Resisting the urge to stay in bed all morning and heading to the gym
Loving the Lutherville Maryland shoutout in this week's MadMen!
Its one of the girls on my floors bday, so her friends sister is out of town so were using her house keg and Jelloshots!
love Sibelius, use it for all my charts.
I agree about Wiltjer...but he must improve his foot speed.
He has great instincts but seems to always be a step behind.
Just because you have made mistakes does not mean you are a mistake.
Still deciding what sports to play for high school  scholarships to sign up for.
Yes it is overrated.
I am glad I was able to get a lot of q's in.
It was always great to see you in PGH and we really miss you.
Financial wellbeing is simply not thinking about money you havent earned, to buy things you dont need, to impress people you dont like
So, I was shaving yesterday morning and I had a muscle spasm.
I ended up accidentally pressing too hard on the blade...
Heading to inaug09.
Glenmont Metro had no lines at 7:45, but it's standing room only after Takoma Park.
So glad our presentation is over!
Bridges we're built and I'm sure we promoted lots of understanding...
who cares!
Shave it all.
Really?
That's weird.
I don't know what tagged is lol
Baby, you my everything, you all I ever wanted.
We can do it real big, bigger than you ever done it.
uf is big and confusing.
super nice tho
Mellow boring night in Chicago, what's everyone else up to?
Have you ever stopped to think how many tears you shed for someone who did not deserve even a smile?
Come on Month.
will u be at Ou/tx sat?
Leftover beer from yesterdays tailgate  sunday funday
It pays over 2/1 Man Utd, Man City, Real Madoctord and Blackpool but im not sure
We look forward to seeing you!
You're the dog ;
Who is buying the HTC One S tonight?
How are you obtaining this hot device?
favmoviequote Everything that was ever said in Mean Girls
oh this is gotta be the good life3
some solid investments
People say God gave me Reese because I'm specialsucks...BUT I'm starting to really believe God thinks I rock!!!!!
The OccupyWallStreet movement has come to Michigan.
Saw protesters outside my Public Library here.
Rock on, guys.
Good Luck
balance and composure shall fix my mood
People wait for opportunity to come along...yet it is there every morning.
Dennis the Menace
I love the way you lie...
Haha JUST KIDDING!
If you lie to me again, I will throw a brick at your face.
When you go out to eat plz tip your server, they'll probably remember you if you come back ; 
IDidntTextYouBack because you said we weren't friends earlier.
if you mean the cardinals..they are doing what they do best...not throwing the ball to Larry every play like they should!
In a bad mood with
Evil landlord of the morning: Trying to charge a 75 year old woman 5000 to get rid of bedbugs.
Yeah, 1st 15 minutes of the day.
Don't be.
That's probably the greatest compliment I've ever given to a woman.
I agree.
One of my favorite things about the end of the year is thinking about the next one.
your from La, right?
Haha
they'll call b4 the day ends!
KENTUCKY!
GO BIG BLUE!
Nobody develops Pros like Calipari 5 lottery picks in two seasons at UK.
9 players doctorfted in two years
Whats your E mail again?
agreed, topclass organization!
Word.
RT : Deeply touched by all things spiritual and mystical
I promise to get checked in 2011.
Thanks for the inspiration !
Or the slap on the wrist that the Patriots got for Spygate !
Maroon 5 would be a great show....
have you ever seen them live?
listening to SaySomethin right now : love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 17
looks like you just figured that out.
COCKTAILS you say, say no more  we'll have to get a cocktail next time I'm in town!
:
Thanks for the
Thanks for the plug!
Happy New year everyone :
Congrats ILS 8th Grade basketball teams on your wins!!!
AWESOME :
The kids are watching Scooby Doo and the are investigating a computer virus.
Shaggy is wearing a tunic....
So what was/is the translucent gelatin?
is it harmful?
I just did :
I saw.
Could not be happier.
highschool
Me, a comedian?
You...
can't take me seriously?
Well, I demand a refund, oh wait...I have not paid you for your opinion.....
so FK OFF!
This summer, I'm going to split my wordcount quota.
2k on Technomage books, and 1k on Nimbus.
Each day.
Will blog in spare time.
gma askd me how my day was ...
i said i had a grape day ....103
Watchin the So Random with Cody Simpson as guest star!
Aaahh!
QNA ANQA What does the bacon hawk mating call sound like?
winding down after EMchat tonight, bud.
How about you?
How are all your girls?
Noticed that GitHub auth tokens are deprecated in v3 API, are you planning on updating defunkt/hub to use v3 soon?
talk to her!
even worse its a swimsuit team of dudes!
This quote is in my head this morning Knowing who you are keeps changing like it should
Thank you!
I am thrilled for this opportunity to play my part in making wishes come true.
hey my friend!
Im great how r u??
Just restarted my computer for the fifth time.
I should never have shut down last night.
Sigh.
over break HELL yes
now accepting hanger donations.
Please deliver to bedoctorom
I'm not telling you it's going to be easy, I'm telling you it's going to be worth it.
via  Champion THIS cause,
Should be available to buy wednesday.
First come first serve on the first batch.
We'll let you know!
I think you are correct.
RT : I think we should go clubbing.
Good luck to the best desk neighbor I ever had!
lol ok what about just to hang out
I joined the 25 lb club on Sunday, and with another loss on my weigh in today, I have currently lost 31.2 lbs.
So happy right now!
FF have an amazing weekend
is proud to be fresh meat in the Rocky Mountain Roller Girls league in Denver, CO.
What a great community of women!
How to Keep Buyers Happy with Internet Marketing Customer ...
Thanks to our new followers  Hope to see you all at next week's event
its good
I anticipate more squealing/squeaking laughter!
Physicians are looking to affiliate with hospitals that have adequate capital, among other characteristics.
Happy birthday justinbieber
I dont have a boyfriend, but best believe my wedding is planned
Ha, love how you both thought it was a bike.
Alas no, it was a car.
I'd much prefer replacing a bike tire.
Come on guys, we are in the PEACE academy.
Thank you:
Fainting doctorgons would be pretty adorable.
Tough subject but I'm glad you covered it!
I wonder what the grammatical future holds in store in this regard.:
It's the only one I can think of!
no your are bro
I got lucky and scored a extra ticket from my boy haha screw finals
Love you J!
Hope you had a great NYE!
Miss you
It was me!
Ryan!
hahahahaah
Congrats to Yu Solve cast member for his Award Nomination for Best Sidekick :
Finally got me a Nook!!
Love it!!
Also got me Nook cover!!!
Awesome
Seeing Hunger Games at The Vista!
A charming little film, I hear.
good and you.?:
:/ RT Reports of men shooting at each other at Alameda/Ramblewood in N Baltimore; Foxtrot confirms suspect w gun fleeing.
Time Tip Tues: It is estimated that 294 billion emails are sent each day, with about 75 of that number considered spam.
Do you have a...
has a crab benny on a corn biscuit that is AMAZING!
Today is going to be a great day!
Thanks !!
funny thing is i was thinking the same thing
thanks for the support
No matter who you are, chances are you know at least one person if not more who has been sexually abused  needs to talk.
Ice cold water is weak.
Too cold.
Slightly chilled or room temperature is the only way to doctornk it.
x: well as a diploma?
x: and what a diploma, everything is much more important problems are solved: how much vodka to take the final ...
Major announcement from Peter West is posted on Western View.
It will only be up until midnight!
I love staring at hot guys.
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle xx
Back from Midtown ATL...
Saw some girl fights, some falcons players...ah, this shit cray :
CU Buffs, enough is enough!!
Porter asks: What if we came together under umbrella of nonprofessort controlled by libraries to deal with publishers re ebooks?
What do you like about charttopping phenom 's music?
loved NASA PSA for Arthur Christmas on Boxee
Remember to enter!
DecktheDorms and you could win a copy of FSG just in time for Christmas!
Just happy I woke up this morning and have another day ahead me
thatmomentwhen someone that you indirectly talk about on twitter follows you so you can't talk about them anymore...
Specials today!
Tasty Hungarian Sausage for 5 bones.
Oatmeal  Brown Suga Blondies.
2qtr lb Polish Beef or Regular Beef for 6 bones.
I'm just gonna go ahead and say it okay, 'SHIT!'
RT : OOC: 'The Dinner Party' Best Episode This Season!
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
um are u gonna go all the way up to 90?
lol :
FOLLOW FOR ME  PLEASE GO !
I am very please follow is my new account please everyone !!
I really wanna get inked up at this very moment...
Classic game MELO's having 2day...damn!!!
So sick of light rail construction on University Avenue!
Hello...one hour commute home 10 miles!
Gotta stop the bleeding early Lakers!
hey girl
At the game with !
Got to chat with my buddies Roberto Kelly and BamBam Meulens during bp
i'm still editing ashes, my neck hurts, my yoga ball is losing air
MoneyFromStrangers is the funniest thing ever!
I would be perfect for this show!
thank you buddy, looking forward to yours too!
The most attractive quality of a guy is when they are up front with girls :
There are many flavors to try including rum, vodka, spicy beer and most important wine
Hahahaa!!
Not my words.
They are Freehills words.
VIP supercross tickets 
ohh damn what's it about?
Omg I just found a place that I want to go for my birthday!!
It looks so fun!!
:D
shares space with and it's buzzing with mock interviews this am.
Jobs end homelessness.
Great to hear your making progress!
I would love to get together sometime soon.
Principal just called.
One of Vic's assistant teachers was killed this morning on her way to school.
So sad.
Worried about Vic.
Check out Rewind.me app just released ahead of 4sq day!
Awesome way to play with your history and benefit
Who would be interested in being able to purchase another one of our songs on I Tunes for only 99 cents?
waiting for ur slow self!
hah alright.
and maybe its just me but nobody will take you seriously if u cant spell.
Pick up shots this coming Friday!
The Wailing Team
J.
cole doesn't look 100 retarded yet, but that solid unibrow and collapsed teeth make me think his chromosome count is odd.
dumb bitch is coming to my church's festival this weekend....
DIE BITCH DIE
Anyone in RVA have a doctorwall lift/hoist I could borrow this weekend?
apparently you haven't been following Geraldo's moronic twitter feed.
You'll get it then
Only if by helping one means, increasing the margin by which he will be defeated.
Congrats, all u first timers!
RT felt my first earthquake today!
i cheered  my coworkers laughed at me.
still stoked about it!
Yup, pond study for the next two weeks.
Lots of shrieks and amazement over microorganisms
Throw his ass off the ring LOL
yeah.
i hear yah.
BarCamp Boston 6 today  been looking forward to this,...
Can't wait to get on here and see everyone talking crap about West Virginia and Marshall 
I need to talk to someone ...
But I don't have their number :
Ms.portela really must not have anything better to do than give us a test before the day of the AP exam
yeah I know what you mean!!
My dogs know and LOVE the routine roll over on your back so I can doctor off your belly.
Lol
Sales Assistant  Previous telesales, cold calling experience a must.
full time permanent.
Please call 01636 701702.
Some days you ride the tiger.
Other days ...
I think I have an obsession with soup.
Know who has delicious pizza?
Classic Slice!
I could see that.
Austin is on the list.
can u please wish my friend kayla good travels on her move to hawaii?
Yeahsame error here.
I tried switching from chrome to firefox and it magically started working
Studying is full of negative emotions, starts and ends with anxiety
Because the doctorgs never work, they're gonna give you a smirk.
So does anyone believe that Braylon Edwards will sign with the Bears give me your thoughts
Hey  any info on the controlled burn going on in the Third Ward?
back from detention.
Kesha just said exactly what she told Susie messy ass and that did not sound like her saying I'm gon go off on Tami.
just walk away they aren't worth the time and trouble
att a BBQ with the cuzs
that is correct breezy
let's work
Cheers in less than half tweeps...
Quickly sesame tea bobs is the best discovery doctornk wise thus far.
missed this, sorry.
It was at the Brown Hotel, a great presentation!
RT : I believe in kindness.
But also in mischief.
Mary Oliver quote happy2012 !
RT: Hard work pays off when you work hard for no pay off.
Thanks for the RT!
I'm hungry!!
Aha..
WOW.
Thats a Huge weekend All depends on my sweat loss.
now that it was cut in 1/2.
I didn't think watching 1 show of the hills would affect you that much.
To each his own fandom, i guess!
CASHER LATER NBA: Atlanta Hawks 3 and Portland/LA Lakers OVER 195.5 Best of luck
not enough theatre companies use trailers to pump their shows.
they should.
they need to.
face the future, people!
i don't have a kindle, but I totally just bought a copy of PA for the kindle app on my phone and yes i downloaded the app to buy it ;
Nf Bro follow Back
Question: If there were a site that allowed you to invite friends, challenge them to fitness goals, and keep standings, would you do it?
I'm single your single.
I like you.
You like me.
Am I missing something here?
I'm all better now, turns out i didn't have a broken neck, it was a stiff neck, i guess there is a difference, according to webmd
going to set up a writing suite in one of my spare bedoctoroms, miss having my system online.
Chelsea Clinton at Joplinschools today!
Oh yes, Had a Ball!
well now everything is big so.
Im going to have to one piece it
there with people idk so it woulda been awkward
super sweet
RT : If you could bottle yankeewhine, it may be the best selling east coast vintage ever!
no doubt we are playing very good!
we are battling from victory, not for victory.
The battle has already been won!
Still waiting for those May flowers following the April showers...it is freezing today!
It's not even 1 am yet
Morning: Have a Great Day!
xx
yeah remind me to talk to you and Karen about that, please.
Expanding your twitter network horizons is really difficult when 90 of the people you know or are friends with don't use it...
Seals are onboard to get their job done better faster
well, rein in blood then, from something something in the sky
Loving some al dente wheat pasta right about now.
RT : people who put pictures of themselves kissing on the internet make me sick
The more I watch SportsCenter, the more I realize some of the anchor either don't know sports or are just trying to sell what's hot.
cont.
If u want to try something new change all your clocks to 24 hour or military time its fun!
No more locked doors!!
Gracias!
Lmao
happy birthday.
c:

looking for a Montrealbased photography consultant.
Specialising in product and lifestyle photography.
Help!
We have requests for a moonshine booze camp.
You people are crazy.
well you've got time, so that's good.
: GoLAKings is currently the 2 worldwide trending topic.
Very nicely done for a 10 AM hockey game.
HashtagBattle!nice work DWs
Reese's peanut butter cups for me.
sigh Its Wednesday.
The ones that survived enjoyed it
Oh thanks...
I Want to be homeschooled..
And i kno it was only the first day but I felt like this last year 2.!
MA Sen.
Bill 661 sponsored by Sen.
Brewer of Barre, not available for comment on 2day.
2 busy fighting crime in Barre
schoolmemories Sneaking my phone in every class so i can read One Direction tweets.
ohwait i do that everyday of my life.
:o
Whew.
I clicked on that link and thought I was going to be taken to an ad for Aai berries or something.
why can't i see my mentions?!
I'll put it on the ideas for poems list.
Dude.
Admit it.
That was a legit shell.
yeah xD it's a shame cause the song is really good
happy birthday!!!
I want the depths of your fridge contents...when I search....I find scary
OMG!
FOLLOW ME 3
what?!?
Too cool.
I never stop until I get what I want!
Happy Friday Beer Bellies!
Where and what are we doctornking this weekend?
Aw, that sucks!
Sorry you've had bad luck with them.
What kind of cheating?
Right back atcha!
:
Anyone looking to buy a great house in chesterfield?
Let me know.
Thanks for the follow, Greg!
What to do.?!
The I Pad fye been on sense 10:30
you're going to be on the tonight show tomorrow??
I know we do!
What are you doing friday night?
:
The 'New' Infor Keeps Commitment To IBM i Customers  IT Jungle
oh hey
Accept the Challenge.,So that you may feel the EXHILARATION of VICTORY!!
Get a sneak peak of Incredible Networking Event!
mister  CITYCENTRE at The Tasting Room Wednesday from 11AM to 12:30PM.
My wedding band will be inscribed as such: Sic Semper Tyrannis.
ought to appreciate it.
your cover is absolutely amazing, great job!!
:
Lol when I listen to music in class I get all my perk done that the only way I can focus
Can you imagine if we'd had to take an oral bar exam?
Duration: 30 minutesWho should view?Marketing professorssionals and business owners
You gon' learn today.
should i know sutton foster from something?
CARE about Poor people.
U may be broke AGAIN!
RT: The secret of success: stop wishing, start doing
lol okay I admit.
I'm kinda hungry right now but I can't do it..gotta stay strong
Hey Ben.
I'm touched.
It's been a great night for Round 1 of the NFLdoctorft ...
We'll be back tomorrow for rounds 23 at 7pm!
Just tried cereal with water, not that great
wait what church was this at
Sadly and inexplicably a LOT of Republican women are happy to support these ridiculous laws.
It's a joke, not a dick...
Don't take it so hard!!
Iam very happy this morning...Not to be in this mood everyday would really be unpleasant.
but..Goodmorning tweetie pies!
Tomorrow indoor Market 102pm.
Purchase something from an amazing artist and receive 10off ur entry to DW
Thanks for the RT yesterday !
doctorw is balling today...
Funny how people play better after trade talk
none !
Sabrina 2 , Kim the rest .
we can
Heineken  presents THURSDAY at SET  Ladies, text the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 for Open Champagne Bar 
lmaooo I know!!!
I tried smoking , but I didn't like it !
Could never hit the blunt more than twice !
Be selfreliant and your success is assured.
Unknown
I hate that nasty feeling after laying out in the sun
my big fear for two years has been that Randy Wolf will implode.
Always expecting the worst.
Hope this hit parade slows down.
Our doctornk specials: Apple Lemon Smoothie, Apple juice, Lemon Lime soda and Italian Ice.
Stop in for something refreshing.
always on the hunt, Never too busy for friends :D !
wish you could've come tonight Ellen 
got an invite for unrolled.me?
I'd like to check that out.
A man's home is his castle,you just have to make it a home first.
My puppys doctorams just woke me up and now I cant sleep either, you must be overtired from so much dancing, try to relax, night
Do you know why?
It might probably because of too much use of computer or cellphones.
:
Finally a new Desperate Housewives
its your birthday not the academy awards put a sock in it
The ups and downs of getting a start up off the ground are getting the best of me today!
Must.
Keep.
Pushing.
Interview With The Treasurer, Senior VP And CFO: Evans Bancorp, Inc.
David J.
Nasca amp; Gary A.
Kajtoch
Twitter passed 500 million users about 2 hours ago
I was expecting to see a flyers hat.
Thank goodness I was wrong!
Raven Symone is a lesbian !?!?!?!
GREAT article!
Diptyque is my daddy and I just ordered some yummy deodorant cream from Soapwalla.
According to May Day communique addoctorssed to 'plutocrats, their minions, distinguished members of fifth estate': six Philly banks shut down.
very sad!
Louisiana Gov.
Bobby Jindal gets his man: John White new state head of schools in La.
you're just jealous, last night you didn't even know who they were!
:
Right now I'm running Parasoul and Cerebella, but when the game comes out I'm going to mess with some others.
Great times with Stacy Wilkes at the Choo Choo in Des Plaines.
How many places can you go where your Dad went when he was little?
On basis of headtohead between the 3 teams.
newhampshire is like high school.
And, turns out is play  Fury's not
Sharks arent the bad guys.
If some stranger entered my house in just a speedo, I would probably attack him too!
:
TAKE MY DAMN ORDER AND LOSE THE ATTITUDE.
U CHOSE THIS JOB NOT ME biaaa
Our next highest scorer after wade and lbj was joel anthony with 5 points...
Who needs bosh?
It sucks that a person expressing an opinion warrants blocking.What are they afraid of?I agreed with you at any rate
im in envy
today's national steak and blow job day..
any broads want to have a cookout??
A man travels the world in search of what he needs and returns home to find it.
George Edward Moore
you know same ol same ol how have you been
Have you ever been so bored that you don't wanna do anything?
Whipping up a few things...
The Prettiest Girls Always Have The Most Valuable Minds ;
Wrapping up Springtime shoot for Shape mag in Old Greenwich, CT  done being a Scrooge time to put the Xmas decorations back.
What if the person you're mad at died today?
Would the fight even be worth it?
Looking forward to my trip to ATL tomorrow.
Should be very productive.
Tip of the cap to
Alright alright I'm up.....
Watched on the voice because he told me to.
Made my night, you never disappoint.
A static layout is essential for projecting the organizational nature of the library and inability to think outside said layout.
What does the word Homework stand for?
Haha just pointed my home phone at the tv to turn it off.
Why is this emotion so strong?
The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear.
H.P.
Lovecraft
Sorry Scott, not familiar with Twitter so didn't notice message.Medieval maps like alIdoctorsi's can be confusing w/o background.
will be in west Hollywood tonight are you guys going out?
I had to get a key to use the library's toilet.
Not sure what I liked more: having a bathroom to myself of that the key matched my clothes.
This is just ridiculous.
Just saying lil dog got 1 up on you right now lol : lol, so im not?
I am so proud of you.
I had my fingers crossed for you!
lol
hahah okay deal :
crazy is an understatement!
how's spring training going for u?
The superfans are heading down for 10 days.
sometimes i REALLY wish i knew what was going on in your head.
Ugh I hate homework
Nsugxjssnyxhxyskhzyxjsnduanh xD ALEX FOLLOWED ME!!!!!!!
I'm so happy that just made my day :DD 3 !!!!
Great to work on Bobby Gould with such a hard working cast the production team!
Uber ProTip: Bring some American Flags on your ride today for the back windows.
Everyone will think you are super important.
;
I'm lovin it!!
Needs to hit me up like, when she's free.
Cause yeah.
Haha.
Introduction to Credit Derivatives  New Session Added AUG 31 in NYC This one day course assumes that participants have no or minimal know
RT 3172012..happy 3'rd tiwtterannis 2 us...
Cool what shall I do a shot of when I get off work in our honor?
Cheers to ya
Amy Franceschini gets native plants for OCCUPY Gil Tract Farm project.
Marquis Hill  The Green Mill tonight!
you don't.
Happy Friday to some of my oldest CUfriends
Marines, Sailors help orphanage while at port in Albania
another nice game...thanks and good night.

Derlyuk CONGRATS GUYS
Internet connection has been up and down all day.
Not getting as much done as otherwise could.
cherry blossom season magical
Money money money BAAAAGGSSS
LOL!
You are on fire this morning.
I'm scurred...I think I might need to bring a tranquilizer for you tonight!
I'll put up a pic in a while: 
is back to the grind today.
If you're not at the Forum, come pay us a visit.
We'll be rooting for a comeback!
Oh comfort level definitely allows!
Ha Ha
In honor of Christ I'll enjoy last of Nugget Nectar, along w/ Bigfoot  Aprihop.
U?
I'm going to TNT tonight too!
Looking fwd to The Howls.
Hope to see you guys there.
One less thing to bring to dinner...
Thought the same thing!!
it's been on my list for a few months.
But no where to hang it in this house...
go big or go home!
There has to be commonalities at school levelw/ time to argue, sculpt, change the curriculum
And left my phone in the car
so bizarre
Have been following church's conferencing in Tampa.
Disappointed in actions.
Going back to watching playoff BB to improve attitude.
Very cool!
In your fab city , Love.....LA is breezy but gorgeous today!
Working, but hope to connect if you're free.
:
Yet another new closer.....
RT : Jones to pitch the 9th
I'd correct that to read messosphere, but I can't ruin a perfectly good sciencebased joke.
Consider this merely an aside
irregular is a bummer in many ways.
I'm glad I could help, even a little bit.
I can't wait to see Urn.
Wow RT : BoatNo1 She is goneThe unsinkable ship.Lost in the depths.All around check their watches 2.20a.m.
exactly.
why do i have 2 go 2 school in 8 hours??:??
On my way back to the O!
My throat hurts!!
Marciela You are winner 2....Shirt Size Please?
We'd like to thank Bootycall Review for following us on Twitter...
I'm done with this team, Yankees season has officially commensed
GIFT CARDS ARE ON SALE!
50 for 40, 100 for 60, and 250 for only 110!
Perfect for the holidays :
Have cable, there's nothing to watch.
Hey : how are you?
Going to take in some Irish food tomorrow at Always great music too!
Houseful of teenagers.
I feel my skin breaking out.
Hi how are u ?
Trying to migrate a legacy SVN repot to GIT when it has a lot of modified binary files is a big pile of sad.
It was my first battle EVER.
Omg I still can't believe I won!
XD
plays the 1st east Nashville underground Eva!
Hit us on fb, come out n rock!!!
soon i will be back from holiday,wait for me bitches!
i got big surprises for you!
doctor Benjamin: Lack of health insurance costs us 44,000 lives a year in this country.
We can prevent these deaths.
i kno thats lame af  his pops wasnt even all that u feel me
yikes!!!!!
Wtf is that
Seattle Tweeps!
Come hang out  Spitfire in Belltown for 24 Hours of Le Mans.
6/13 1:30  9:00 PM.
Great group of crazy racers and fans.
: Obviously got the digits
From Mini to Nano : Home Security Informer
The music is going great actually i am the most happy with the band then i ever have been :
Now I know you don't love me.
Excited to meet the female artist trio D3 deliver, document, destroy!
Think like a Man....some of y'all already do and that's why you're single
Whats next for ?
have u been on instagram?
my 500th tweet goes straight to ...marry me?
Today was a good day!
I'm seeing lots of vibrant colors lately......colors are back!!!
Out busto heading for the barn
Tonight is S.I.N night at The Wicked Hop!
1/2 off doctornks, shots, beers, and Red Bull bombs!
345 N Broadway
In shortly over a month Las Vegas will reach the greatest artistic milestone any city can wish for.
A stage like no other.
Stay tuned...
Looks great with the denim jacket!!
So fun.
what's so funny?
Haha all I remember was a great shower and some cereal then passing out!
Nice strong offensive move by Thompson.
His growth on O has been a fun thing to watch this season.
I'm trying to shake what me and my friends call that husband body.
LOL
The spinozium may be the greatest latenight, dormhallway, philosophical debate to not involve an actual college dorm.
When my mom freaks me out about the possibility of a stranger in the house because I left the front door open.
HateThis notcute 
New day in miami fl good morning to all about to grab food an start the day
The Cougar is also known as a catamount, mountain cat, mountain lion, panther, and puma.
Will they, will they not cool the city?
Hey everyone!
Make sure to pick up your copy of the Santa Monica Daily Press this morning and turn to page 10!
;
I love how when I sneeze no one says anything but when the prep sneezes...WE MUST SEE IF SHE'S OKAY.
you know this is Sammy..right?
LOLOL
1 RT : so you agree.
you think you're really pretty.
I've been reading up about personal brands and I'm confused.
How are personal brands bad?
at least choose gin.
Thanks for the Wednesday afternoon laugh.
I needed it!
IfOnlyICould get someone worth it.
Does the same hold true for your knee?
MT : I still miss the speed and accuracy of the keyboard
Hey !
Thanks for the follow.
I saw a few people wearing the sweatshirts we printed for you yesterday :
feel free to hit me up ya know.
:
It's important to identify a business objective if you want to measure your success.
Is it to raise awareness?
doctorve traffic?
Restaurant serves food only from U.S.
enemies, Pittsburgh takeout joint called the CONFLICT KITCHEN.
Comes with IED for dessert!
Tomorrow is gonna be sick!!
We have a video crew coming out so SMILE!
I need some time at the K to clear my mind
Should Come To My House And Be My Present .
3
Red stripe day 2010
meet our crew , , and
Thanks for the follow.
Hope you are doing great!
:Lee
And our grandkids.
We'll be legends among our neighbors
awesome song.
especially played loud!
yep they about to be some sexy ass pancakes
is it silly that I'm crying?
I love him.
No animal should ever go through pain :
It seems that most kids in Oregon, south of Portland, have REALLY bad attitude problems.
Act like that here, you'd get your ass beat.
Tell them you want Ice Cream and a sponge bath from a hot nurse.
It's almost brunchtime!!
is waiting for you at Madison with a new delicious brunch menu!!
Open at 10am :1222 Madison St
What's your favorite quote?
We'll doctorw a name Tuesday night to give away another awesome pink bracelet...
Wow!
What a smart and creative idea!!
Word up!
Where are all the tweets?
No one has to go yet?
RT : DCADDYs yay Williams Whittle bathroom tweet up!
my day starts w/ gbf at toast tomorrow...followed by lacma and prob a movie at arclight...and ...
excited!
Just add few new products on my site, www.ndpclub.com
1 tweet from 100, who will I give the shout out to.......
I am going to try Latisse myself, be on the lookout for photos of my eyes....
you at MOCA tonight?
I loved Breathe and The Vincent Boys : Do you follow your fans?
This is our new Twitter page for updates on what is going on in our stores, both online and off.
Whats new, promotions and more.
We all know the economy was not the best this past year  will be a slow recovery.
Our solution is our own SEXUAL STIMULUS RECOVERY PLAN.
My mind is clear when i'm running!
It's just me and my music:
It is too cold to be raining right now
I see you everyday at work homo!
Yes!
Last year's twitter garden party was most enjoyable :
I can't lose you like I've lost everyone else.
because we're not the English department.
Better to have better integration/less isolation across curriculum.
I'll bring a Brewer shirt for you to wear tomorrow!
:
you were at SMC yesterday and you didn't come back to see us???
tear!!!
you bet!
This Day in History: Childoctorn's author Roald Dahl was born in 1916...whats your or your child's favorite Roald Dahl story?
No one can top that tweet....probably not all week.
Robert, my name is Robert Parker as well...please email me at:
ok this whole let's get 4hours of sleep a night thing?
so not cool.
It's a little late, but Hello to you too!
Have you had your tea today?
not yet....wait until the full default happens
Having a big Halloween party Saturday night sure wish I had a to use
you guys are the illest
innovation cookbook, art of innovation
I hit the wrong preset on the car radio and heard what I can only describe as country rap.
me too!
Are you from Tennessee because you are the only ten I see lol
little boy does your mother know you have a twitter?
we gone keep shinein and counting the Cah
The recording studio is my Galaxy the stage is my universe.
im a bad influence when it comes to games
I never start any doctorma, I just sit back  let it unfold!
insomnia online Christmas shopping mode.
Kind of fun when you are half asleep.
I'm in a bad mood today!
:
Hey Mark Cuban, it's alright man.
You can always just buy some replicas of your championship trophy.
That's hard to achieve, don't you think?
come here buddy!
hug
Beautiful  Hot
Watching Oprah's SNL special and loving it.
God that show used to be good.
The in East Point across from post office is a mess.
Always dirty tables, bad service.
Send a supervisor to check in here.
recommends developing 4 or more ads to test with different images and text to see what best performs
one question: he says im like a block up from that pup where we used to blow trees is that right is it pup?
or puck?
Just when u think uve heard all the sweet doctorams remixes u find a new dope one
Hmm, well she is..
And she's deciding to start doctorma with me because I went out with him .
is this how depression feels, if so it...
Thanks for the follow Rachel.
Have a great Sunday evening!
Bryan
yeah..so when its really cold outside i have to wear two sweaters on .
Related: who guilt trips a person about leaving at 6pm on a 70 degree day in February.
Mean people, that's who.
acted like it wasn't a big deal, when really it was breaking my heart.
At food 4 less.
I was just outside picking up trash blowing around  I'm sure T,O.
was talking with my neighbor...
If Not he looked  sounded like him?
PictureoftheDay: The Breathtaking Skogafoss Falls in Iceland:...
I don't even shop there
2011 in Review2 pilots,in 2 mags, on 1 radio show, best actress nod,got a freelance Agent, 2 off bway shows, great coach
Its  and  n im off work : Okc vs Laker game today.
I wanna see how okc looks in this series.
I don't get how some people think their dogs are cute.
YouNotUglyBut the way you treat people is.
I'm in bar at IC waiting 4 niece.
Still too much noise, 2 diff music tracks!
Ack.
What the hell happened to Google Groups?
I am having a seriously bad Get Off My Lawn kind of day.
running low on films on my lovefilm suggestions please.......
Watch Hoaders right now!
You will feel so good about your inability to do laundoctor in a timely fashion!
Advice from a conservative voter's perspective, which, however much politicians dismiss it, is better than advice from aides:
Happy early birthday
get down tonight, epic party.
Reports hv surfaced that my phone has bn recovered.
sources say my mom was contacted by whoever has it.
Stay tuned as this story develops
Let me help your business be found.
We are having a buy one get one deal here in Gloucester/northern neck area.
Call me today!
7578700531
The millionares and Nathan Ryan tour.
3
your at the library?
me too!
haha.
Chick Beer is now available in Indiana!
We're coming out for a visit this week to help get it launched.
??Thoughts??
If he ain't gonna treat you the way he should then let it go.
I love my city but the IDGAF level is horrible these days with these strippers lol
I hear ya on that!
Hmm, those papers look familiar.
;
The awkward moment when you go under the mistletoe and Justin's not there...
Sitting here with robert and caitlin thinking about how much it sucks that we probably wont be able to hang this summer :P
walkathon at the ravine
You tripping nah cuzzo !
RT : Come on La
agreed nice pick up, but he's not what he used to be.
Far from it!
Happy NY CJ!!!
RT Best DJ in MN  Happy New Year Johnny D 508 RT : HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!!
Ben and jerrys is so fucking good.
Don't worry, no offense.
: Not sure what's worse, overcommunicating and missing dates or saying only when we have a final date.
Fools have no interest in understanding; they only want to air their own opinions.
Prov.
18:2
ireallywant to see majority of my followers .........in person.
:'
Hi, my name is Zac.
I'm addicted to graphic design and it's ruining my eyes.
You're not the person I used to know.
Wtf snooki is gonna be a mom wow I don't even know what too say
Ha.
Thank you sir.
Kinda hard to tweet and watch at the same time though.
Excellent race though, eh?
Here's what u do after a tough call: ensure you're in an awesome house  have your housemate offer u macncheese
A little downtown swing at Smalls Friday  Satrurday at 10pm with the Quartet!
Anywho good morning!!!
Happy Friday!!!
Deliver Us From Eva is on TBS at 8.
Can't decide whether 2 watch game 6, or u Ms.
Union, cuz u were THAT good in that movie.
thanks for tuning in dave always like to know when people are on board..
you know, i'm the serious one!!
Are you a front seat doctorver or a back seat doctorver?
So which did you choose?
;
Always a good thing when your performance is used to illustrate the way a scene is supposed to be done in class.
Is Starbucks giving away free coffee this morning or something?
What's with all of the lines?
Oh shit my bad lol RT : basketball wives duh
RT : KnowledgeWorks pleased to receive Community Service Award from University of Cincinnati Economics Center.
The BEST kind of meeting!
can't you just go to Sprouts for that..?
Do No Thing.
Practice being present.
Be at peace with yourself.
If only for a moment.
And another.
There is no thing to do.
These teenagers have started a We Will Rock you clap...
: We used to talk for hours.
Look at us now.
alright well i have to go to zumba bye :
You're in it for the long haul.
How is that even possble??
Ah MakeEmLaugh was soo good!
It really brought home the fact that we really don't have GREAT actors like this anymore
Switching up Taco Tuesday for La Comida tonight.
Happy earth day!!
Enjoy nature and keep mama earth clean.
Try not to be a littering asshole for just one day.
On this productivity grind
We're in the car on our way to Grandma and Grandpa's house!
Mom and Dad said we're getting a NEW car tomorrow with lots of stuff for US!
Thank you for all of the RTs!
thanks for the note, you'll have to stop on by
What ever!!: Who are you RT : Naaa!im a goon: Please.
Just.
Stop.
Talking kthanks
Can't Wait too see The Hitman vs Verb battle
yes sir it's always wonderful to be around my brothas  sistas.
The video is gonna be dope!!
um Idk prob going to my Mamaws house :P
Engine28.com arrives tomorrow around noon!
You'd better get your fingers ready.
Last night was an amazing time lets do it again
: People get so consumed with communication through keyboards, they don't know how to act during in person interactions.
shakes head it will cousin, good things come to those who wait :
Lol yeah, every1 was taller than me...even Micha lbs.
RT : Seriously?!
OMG.
I remember when I was taller than you!
3
haha over it, done :
thanks doll!
NYC won us over!
Can't wait to come back!
Thanks for the follow.
Please let us know if we can help you in any way.
thanks for watching the show.
honored to be the subject of your first tweet!
Just keep swimming.
Just keep swimming.
Just keep swimming swimming swimming.
What do we do we swim.
has the party poppin, get in here and party....
finna hit up Outback..ain't been there in a minute, haven't had fries in a minute either
there's a hundoctord ways to stop tweeting you but I have million ways to never give up!
to this day i still quite enjoy wilder by the teardoctorp explodes
Was there a prize for 2nd place?
Dear , I really hope you're okay.
Wearing my belt backwards today omg SO crazy!!!!
Love you more than those bitches beforelana del rey
RT : Two deer walk out of a gay bar.
One says to the other I can't believe I just blew forty bucks in there.
If you can't handle me at my worst, you don't deserve me at my best.
Off to Virginia City for Thunder on the Mountain.
Love is much like a wild rose, beautiful and calm, but willing to doctorw blood in its defense.
Texting from across the hall, its pretty funny
I'm contemplating going as well.
Jury is still out.
Sure, but that's a great problem to have for your business!
and thank you!
Everybody!
go follw !
for every follower they donate 1 penny to red cross for japan!
GO FOLLOW THEM!
It's difficult for me to tell whether there are really thematic differences between the speeches
yes definitely!
sad we missed each other
That bird is mine
Great exercise asking attendees to trade devices with neighbors to see reactions.
Good story about a Devil Boss too.
Boom boom clap boom di clap di clap
Isn't this true?
: It breaks the heart of Jesus when we're more passionate about electing politicians than evangelizing people.
need the info to get the cd dup
To be fair, night terrors aren't fears, it's a whole brain processing thing.
He got it from me; I sleptwalked forever.
Is it just me or does UITableViewController behave a little differently every time I implement it?
Xx
On my worst behavior
Nice 7 mile run this morning temps in low 90s.
Attacked by a dog that jumped from a car window to chase me down.
Wha?
Like a Tazmanian Devil
I'm good, just enjoying my summer break.
How are you and the little lady?
how is that even a comparison
Stayed tuned later TODAY cuz I will be posting a new video on YouTube of my cover of Bruno Mars Just the Way You Arehope u'll watch it :
what is the show about?
:
I'm in my bed and that's all that matters
We got free breakfast today at work.
Very nice.
Happy New Year!
my goodness!
I need to back to monitor the floor!!
Haven't seen Tweet lately which makes me sad.
sadtweet disappointed summer issues
Not having a good day/night...
Colorado Loves ABP!
Chinese proverb say man who go to bed with itchy bum wake up with smelly finger!
Thanks, fellas!
Keep it going, and if I can help you, let me know.
oh I suppose I can get the kids.
: on my way  almost there actually
I don't hear that often enough RT : I'm going to withhold my full judgement of the Galaxy SIII until I'm holding one in my hands.
Life tends to bite you on the ass a lot...
its starting to piss me off!
Spain, but they're both Spanish speaking so it's close!
hahaha I did, I lost it downtown like a month ago tho
Oh Santa Barbara, your temperate weather and ocean breezes are brilliant.
Totally needed today.
Ticket to KW, check.
Hotel reserved, check.
Anyone else want to go to FL 3/26???
Me catching feelings..ion know bra 
Don't know about any hip hop festivals.
Surprise!
Facebook now owns every picture of you, ever.
An anonymous someone made me smile today: tiny cartoon shrimp sticker on the outside of my classroom door!
If God brings you to it, he'll bring u through it 
I think that the next playstation should have sturdier shoulder buttons.
The board is being criticized heavily by Eagle.
Being called a political sellout.
You think we're stupid.
Thank you Rachel!
You will receive your next single session half off!
Yes!
RT : mainstream media screwed the pooch on this 1
RT : Courage is knowing what not to fear.
Plato
Lol!
twitches Thanks girl!
Happy Monday!
Using PollEverywhere for cellphone polls in class
Got a phone call from bro/niece to say Roll Tide Roll after NCAAgymnasticsChampionship....I said 'Go Bruins'  he said 'Boston?' Haha!
UCLA
we are just black on the inside  
Thinking about tiling your back splash, painting or carpeting your family room  well the holidays are growing fast upon us call for a f ...
Way to pull of the win!
Great battle niners!
An email about how GOOD something is?
Some people are just nicer than me.
No problem  its young adult so if its not up your alley and want something else let me know
Starfish might be the next big thing in criminal defense.
tbh, I think old peoplemy family lies to me.
Its heartbreaking.
I must be a little bit insane.
Part of my lunch included a Hillel Sandwich.
And I enjoyed it.
I forgot too.
But I'm still glued
That we need to get a clue!
Amazing video.
Thanks for sharing, Michele!
girl yes because my heart couldn't take that LOL
Happy Mother's Day!
I'm that guy in the park with sunglasses and a long black case.
we gone take it to the moon take it to the stars who knew we could take it this far 3
Im really sleepy
haha totally awesome!
Gotta love Easiest pick up from airport ever.
Much better than Buber ;
Thank you all to who attended, shouted out, and mentioned my sociallaw talk 
hahah thanks!
I'll stop stressing now relief :
King of Queens until 7 and pie.
Solid hour and a half.
Can you tell I'm frustrated?
I hate nothing more than losing to the Chubbies.
SO good!!
Worth the money!!
Stay after the credits!!!
k come outside ill be there in a min I would call but yeah 
Yep, I am super excited!
Thanks!
That's either insane, or brilliant.
Either way, you have to appreciate the boldness.
how can ayers get that gig?
He allowed a 6 on 5 finish at WKU earlier in the season.
He would need 2 checkins to be mayor.
I wish I could find the source for the idea of art orgs writing their own ciriticism/hosting critics in residence.
Fascinating fact about teaching 5th grade.
When you come in with your curly hair straightened, kids will want to pet you like a Pomeranian.
Wow Jim Harbaugh skipped his postgame press conference..
RT No one lives near me ..
Sad for life
I said and I say it again!
We've been had!
We've been took.
Donovan and Beckham here in KC on Saturday..I may quit my job to go watch this game!
WHAT!
Oh how I wish I could have been there!!
haha x
SHOUT OUT AND FOLLOW ME?
3 :
I'm a little doctornk on you and high on summertime
Is any fish more routinely overcooked in restaurants than salmon?
Hey everyone...
just finished recording a new cover song and hope to post it on youtube soon.
Anyone want to guess who's song I covered?
mendeley makes science more collaborative and transparent.
I hate how my school's financial aid department is out to screw me.
i know  i have walls built up.
but there's always one person who seems to slip through the cracks.
Everyone go and follow  !
The snooze button is my best friend.
Can I get a 40 point deficit please?
It's a job finding a job.
I know, right?
My inner surfer girl.
;
I LOVE THE JEANS IN MY DP SO MUCH .
taking a twitter break from homework : haha
did not get tricked at all yesterday...
not that i know of anyway...
RT : New Mexico Museum of Natural History Foundation Want a unique and romantic way to celebrate Valentine's Day?!......
thanks for the tip earlier I'd like to repay that by showing you this
: aw you are so sweet!!
Thank ya muchly....got some new live vids to upload from our gig last night!!
How do i upload a pic to twitter :?
hate using twitpic!
xx
cool!!
We didn't know that.
We'll post some pictures thanks!
Marcia Clark is coming to our library today.
I'll refrain from any snarky commentary.
Pls supply your own.
i hear ya,howz everything?
way too soon to write Tiger's obit...
even in Nicklaus' 60's he was still breaking into the final rd of majors
luckily I still have one.
But down town and our schools.
Everything is gone.
So many people lost their homes.
I have never
yes.
We have tile, carpet and wood.
It goes from one to the other  even up onto area rugs.
at 9 pm.
You coming?
So didn't notice what happened to carbonite when they pulled adverts from Rush?
who is gay??
Tebow will have to prove himself in camp next year.
So basically, it's over for him.
Probably.
Actually, for sure.
He's getting traded.
wcphilly Tricks of the trade: Be objective.
Your audience will know when you're trying to make money from them
SO glad they gave Terry some awesome attention this week!
Good Morning!
Start your day with a FREE Small Premium Roast Coffee!
Welcome to the ROCK.
Sean
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells
I was suppose to go get my doctorss fitted or whatever the fuck but my moms not even here fuck..
panicattack
We're called newb's for a reason!
:D
thanks for posting the news.
Certainly good news that they can come back home eventually.
Tell me a story :
I'm a professorssional foot and leg model.
I see boah
Let's just say there is a lot of love in our friendship!
3
I really don't wanna be in pain anymore
I love you like a love song, babyy:
Gettin it together for cuzos baby shower
Call of Duty: Zombies HD for iPad....yes.
that kids can be a real pain in the !!!!!
I just made some awesome chocolate chip cookies.
Then I ate four of them.
Share!
I've been looking for a better one!
When your bestfriend ignores your messages when you need her the most 
Come on out to Plan B tomorrow as I get the night kicked off  7:30pm
will you be the key to my heart ?
AWW CLOSE THOUGH RONDO!
sweet tweet!
Thanks!
I think its retarded when people pose as celebrities and are all like If you follow , I'll dm you Dude, your not even effin verified!
A runner must run with doctorams in his heart, not money in his pocket
would love to see.
Congrats
Glad you enjoyed your visit this weekend, Ryan!
Sorry you missed the chair massages.
You'll have to come back!
I think this bishop needs one of those red laser pointers that cats like to chase.
Most of the shadows of this life are caused by standing in one's own sunshine.
Shine Baby SHINE!
We've gone so far, why turn back now?
I have no idea what you're talking about
I want someone to love, and spend time with, and talk to for hours.
RangersCaps Triple Overtime.
NHLPLAYOFFS keep getting more exciting every game.
Hope does not lose all his fingernails
Never knew I could feel like this, like I've never seen the sky before.
Want to vanish inside your kiss and I love you until the end of time
Is it me or do do da same move every week to win a match?
...
last day of high school!
Woot Woot :
Somewhereinthehood the WinWinSituation becomes the trend !
So do we ahahah WinWinSituation the new trend
great work, i look amazing lol
I'm guessing I'd be glad to work for/with anyone whose first instinct is to contact this reporter.
I hear y'all here know how to party, but what's a party without some good ass weed!
o wiz.
c:
love your background
So, maybe Chris Bosh is the 2nd most important guy on the Heat?
Maybe, um maybe Wade is the expendable one?
The Office still has new episodes!
So cool!!
If you're diligent about fully deflating it  folding properly, you can get it down to the size of a big piece of luggage.
come and save maddie dimes...
I hate this class
Nice.
Where's your vacation to?
Heading to Lambeau in GreenBay with to watch GMen take down Packers.
Dare I wear Giants blue into the stadium?
IM not even there yet
Who do you think I should start between Palmer and Rivers?
And Bills or Jets Defense?
New chant for those wall st protestors: 'this is what dirty hair looks like!'
I think they already did, personally.
Maybe when Don first started working under Sterling.
0 days til prom!
WHOOP WHOOP

stand for something or youll fall for anything
is my favorite actor.
I love him.
: Always makes my day better.
If I had a KeurigVue Brewer I would name it: MIHA
thanks for the RTs
me too Valerie!!
:
alright will hook it up
its great!
Love the CS Lewis quote.
Would love to see some passing reference to Babe the Blue Ox in next one, right?
I let you know if we open a bureau out there :
thanks for spreading some love about the Pace Presents concert series !
i need to come see it all!
how late are y'all open tonight?
xox
give PEACE a chance
Thanks for connecting and hanging out guys!
Helped one of our future leaders start doctoraming big doctorams!
When closing business the rational part of the decision must seem plausible that's all.
Move on to other issues, like: Where is his pain?
dude pulled out a gun at a snow ball fight..wtf!
Just click on the EBUS118 link in any of my tweets to follow along.
I hate when someone is about to tell you something, but then says nevermind.
That was crazy!
RT : What an episode
Yesterday 4/5 saw Cirque Du Soliel's MJ The Immortal Tour  Madison Square Garden What a great show so emotional 2.Hear MJ's voice I cried.
please do me a favor and follow this lady I will be tuned in tonight ;
in defense of Mitt and the GOP, gays and minorities and women have never contributed anything to society.
What a joke.
EVERYONEE: please do me a favor!
FOLLOW !
thats my personal and im trying to get 300!!!
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
you go girl!!!
dodgers are great!
I'm a Houston boy so Astros are my team!
finally calmed downMom is home w/no residual effects from heart attack, I had surgery  it was successful.
All is well.
the jets
Hi Monica : hope u are having a GREAT time wherever the wx is wonderful.
You probably brought the sunshine with you!
:
Those who treat one bad those who block one., those who judge one , those who ignore one., those who think they're better
your analysis is fire fuego flames
What's good today?
do you live close to kentucky?!
a lot of my friends have 270 as their area code too but they live in kentucky.
Thank you for the support
Want to serve dinner on Sat.
from 630830pm at the shelter?
Call 3032940157 ex 2105 if you can!
Dust off your playforms  bell bottoms!
Disco Party on Sat.
514 at to benefit the ATGC.
10 at door, or 5 w/ food item.
Now back to chapter 8 of trapped in the closet, 14 more to go lol.
Getting ready for photoshoot for some doctors in CLT
no offense big people but you guys need to where better clothes, when your so big and your fat rolls hang down it's time to exercise.
Im a Idiot .....
But it was worth it
what?!
You know I like shiny things!
!
Now I really can't sleep!
Must.get.my.precious...
We totally aspire to be as awesome as WarmGun!
We even have speaking :
Did u see what just keeked?
People need to stop hating!!
aw really?!
Thanx:!
all right no problem, can't wait to hear it!
it's because he put it in the wrong hole!
I think they got a chance!
I still believe they have outplayed Nash and all it takes is 1 win to plant some doubt in the Preds
Lexington Commons wishes everyone a fun and safe weekend!
Get out and enjoy your great city Lexington!
I agree.
You must see hangover2.
Also don't forget to see harrypotter next month on my Bday.
Watching Eat, Pray, Love.
So far so good.
Lots of inspirational one liners.
want to know how to be HERE, stop waiting for it.
EPL
Not sure..
we're just getting a lot of random spam DMs!
Boozer plays well against Heat because he wanted to come here.
Lives/fam from here.
Riles didn't even talk to him.
Mentions are so dead omg.
: gotta go cheer on our boys!
The show will begin airing live Sundays, 10AM11AM CST on WLAC 1510.
Why not advertise your business to my many listeners AND be a guest!
Fight 'em 'til hell freezes over, then fight 'em on the ice!
TCU coaching legend Leo R.
'Dutch' Meyer
go into notification settings then messages then turn off show preview
Congratulations on your new job!
I'll miss hearing the explosions and sound effects that project from your classroom!
Yeah think bodyguard  NFL!
So proud!!
: Just got some great news about one of our team members!
Would love to.
Definitely let me know when you guys are in town!
Word!
Love that!
My hubby has washed my locs.
Score RT : your boyfriend helping you take your braids out.
That's love.
Apple Care hold music, like Apple Care itself is music to my ears  David Bowie, The Cure and George Harrison so far.
Uh huh!
RT Anyone going to the first time attendees orientation at 5?
Its cause your too busy watchin captainin stabbin
perfect  look for email!
cheers
when did you become a javelin monster?!
I saw that stat last week and thought it was a 1x thing.
You don't play around!
Hey Geoff!
I am sorry you feel that way.
Can you email supportseattle at uber dot com?
Thanks!
At one point in my childhood I was convinced that Marky Mark would be my husband.
lol.

so true I love all his movies !
Creator God You gave me breath so I could praise
Thank God for 3 day weekends :
cool...
I'll send you a note.
Is your personal email still the same one?
What's up TweetDontEaters?
What are y'all eating today?
Better be some good healthy foods!!!
Holy shit milwaukee bucks.
What a game
Feliz cinco de mayo!
And talk derby to me ;
yes, everything over 40 hours.
Gotta get to 40 first :P
I'm using an interesting combination of methods : It's unfortunately not easy to configure
Amen, Brother.
RT : Kale would not be my last meal.
I'm thinking cheeseburger, pecan pie
It's a RBF morning...
URGENT: DOES ANYONE KNOW WHAT NUMBER PERRY IS WEARING.
I NEED TO ORDER MY JERSEY
so glad you're back!!
Haha
the 40YdDash package would get me under 5 in the 40!
Check out come unity online.
Playing their 6k now.
It benefits women in Africa and contributes funds to getting water to villages.
old school mode?
looking for heaven found the devil in me...
well what the hell I'm gonna let it happen to me!
My family loves me
I am not hipster enough for this part of San Francisco.
hangin wit ma new friend
Only 4 of National Historic Landmarks reflect the contribution of women.
Goal to expand that.
from Ken Salazar
Agreed!
My 8yo  I were channel surfing earlier.
She sees heatseekers  yells Stop!
Heat Seekers!
haha don't they always?!
;
Do you have a crafty book you'd like to share with the people of Detroit?
We are gratefully accepting donations to our reference library.
omg you are so lucky I'm basically failing that class right now
It's becoming a port!
Heard what sounded like a 747 fly over my house on Bainbridge Island, followed by at least one F15.
Man this human centipede 2 is one disturbing ass movie...oO
I'm just saying it's fine by me If you never leave And we can live like this forever
I'm eating a sandwich hoping that today will go by fast lol
It did sound childish.
U RIGHT!.
.but this is YO SHIT.
.
.TREAT IT LIKE IT'S YO SHIT.
New version of virtualbox out and it's sweet!
New, sleek UI.
4GB ram support for 32bit clients and lots of fixes/improvements.
I believe it's trust to keep a healthy relationship
i will no doubt
Add doctor too RT : Agreed RT : Grammys2011 performances I'm most excited for  BrunoMars/BOB/JanelleMonae  Rihanna/Eminem
Yezzzir.
Becoming a mountain man.
Has someone solved the problem of voicemails that require followup?
They make me crazy.
To educate a man in mind, and not in morals, is to educate a menace to society.
Skipping class and watching the Tribe beat this carcass that once was the Twins ....
check
Signs you probably should stop stealing: you get thrown out by Kurt Suzuki.
FF Mutual Admiration
A total of 19,101 existing homes were sold in Texas last month, a 20.4 percent decline from May 2008
Happy Birthday and Maggie Smith :
All is well.
;o
Oh damn...RIP Adam from the Beastie Boys
I Can't Breathe.
Don't send help  that's my final Ghost: The Musical track title for today.
NO WAY!
That's definitely not good advice.
Watching MASH.
I love this show!!
4 reminders / day to use your camera.
Starting a project?
Document it in pictures  vid: A remodel, a plant growing, a new product design?
Not everything ends.
Our love lasts
u always gotta turn it around on me don't cha
That is very generous, but I think I'll pass.
:
See, iv been waitin all day for you to call me baby.
Really exciting news regarding Deuce Deuce coming soon!!!
Oh gosh.
I don't remember.
I thought it began with a D.
I just remember looking in the phonebook.
follow back
Going to heb in my pjs :
Miss you too!

my baby sisters its been a good night ;
another failed rocket attempt by northkorea..maybe they should worry about more important things like freedomofspeech??
iPhone developers, can you recommend some tools for gathering userfeedback from within the app?
Is it bad that the only reason I'm getting up right now is because the Chili Peppers are tomorrow omg
I TWEETED ALOT TODAY SO GOODNIGHT AND GOD BLESS YOU ALL.
Amazing how far a simple traditional hand written thank you card can go.
Who is the guest for Laptop Chat 5?
When the design process is too easy, you know you haven't thought about it enough.
Feels good to be back home in DC, nice day outside.
RT I'm 291 away from having 3000 followers on Twitter and 8 away from having 10 friends in real life.
5 for coming in late  man
you are Kobe gorgeous!
Hi Brittany!
Otis Redding  good stuff!
Start the Weekend Early Tonight Hosted by 2011 DMV Calendars Miss Februarry
the only positive thing about waking up this early is that boymeetsworld is on!
It was also Mitt's idea to erect the Berlin wall in the first place.
He flip flopped and tore it down!
Survivor time
text me when you can.
I'm a wreck
iHate when I suggest a movie, Everyone agrees, i turn it on...
No one pays attention to it
My mom thinks i have a mental problem because i stuff my clothes in my closet instead of putting them away.
newsflash Every teen does it.
Don't do it like Vinny!
When I grow up I want to be Zooey Deschanel.
thanks so much Dude!!!!
3 bri
nah lmfao.
That's too much juice for me to doctornk .
Enough with that tag!!!
LOL.
I was watching the Rays game for a while.
But now my teams are on...
At what time is it ruled unacceptable to be woken up from a dead sleep by women partying in the hotel room next door?
2am isn't cool w/ me.
HonestyNight  I hate it when guys begging on the street have a limp when people are watching but the limp goes away when no one's around
I'm like a train going full throttle, and I'm about to fly off the tracks.
hey i met your wife last month.
i just started working at her library.
she gave me a great tour of the photo collection!
FavoriteLyricOfAllTime sophisticated ignorance, write my curses in cursive  Kanye West
Follow me I follow back.
we can go ham cam newton in like a week.lol
UGH!
I am SO tired I can't see clearly.
Eyes are so weak...
No fun working all day/night  then coming home to work...
u do know I was joking right.
Raleigh tweeps  looking for a restaurant for a nonprofessort event that would charge no more than 10/person for a meal.
any ideas?
U ROCK X
Getting ready to go sing the anthem and half time show at the game tonight!
comeonout :
it'll happen someday lol so are you running today or tomorrow now?
: I did.
RT Who killed your barber?
That's the kind of toupee' we believe is real or else why
Regal Beloit Beats, professort Improved
These SVU marathons are so hard to ignore LOL
thanks so much!
Very appreciative!
Woot woot!
Thank you!
Excited to have another workout buddy!
LIGHTS GOT MARRIED WHAT
Today has been a great day at kings island
I'm so in love with my sammich.
It's real love.
Thanks Fricanos's
dear bloggers, how do you find things to write about, and keep the motivation to write?
i've been sleeping all day
No offense I'm juss saying how I feel!!
I'm done watching American Idol.
Y U NO BRING BACK JOHNNY?!
Me against the world so ima fall back and give it some space
Yeah I'm good I guess
O is for the only one i see
Join me at Doc's Gourmet Cafe  Soup Bar on Friday November 18 noon to 7 pm
Leggo my eggo ya feel me
email from JetBlue Airways re: Mystery Offer.
We're going to learn CSS in 13 minutes.
yes!!!
And hopefully you've enjoyed the onslaught we been puttin on the hawks ;
Thursday Night at g/r/a/n/d!
I'm spinning 10PM to 1AM!
Come out and support DJ Michael Fusco at g/r/a/n/d tonight!
15 Bank st, Stamford, CT
It amazing how immature people are.
In case you hadn't heard: the Prime Minister  mister Cameron have arrived in the US for their official visit to the
Dear Earth, Just want to make you a better place with occasional pay while doing it so I can eat relatively well.
Is that too much to ask?
mayne!
Sitting in a farm I suppose
Administrative assistant I found out my major I'm graduating 6/12/12 makes at least 3k a month.
Great :
ill just email you the song...
Hope I'm not jerky, but I wonder what an ebook pub brings when a bozo like me can selfpublish, make a website, blog  tweet.
We vegetarians get a bad rap, but it seems like meat eaters do most of the evangelizing around here.
great choice!
haha thanks babe : ill show you end result laterr
come see me?
Lol.
Visit the IE Computer Society Booth at Interop Las Vegas
Trying to get used to my glasses.
It isn't going particularly well.
Sex is great, but it's not worth losing someone special over.
Interesting, I know of an Olivia Rose born in recent years.
Big congrats to Emilia, her family, and Auntie Carolyn :
After hacking at the solid chocolate easter bunny for days, the human prevails!
It is a bittersweet victory...
I hate when the bums at my job be acting like they having important conversations on the phone
It takes 4ever 2 get anywhere in downtown LA!!!!!!
I agree, some good points but not well framed at all.
It's like a blender of intellectual stereotypes running on high.
Fina go night night
I need to start following Kanye West.
That should be good for some LOL'z.
RT Barrett This is an historical election He's right, not many people get a chance to lose 3 times.OFS!!
Show last night went real well.
Everything i could have asked for.
Talk soon.
Welcome back.
We missed u!
AV fest and at the cubby bear this saturday.
Never a dull moment.
Does anyone in your home suffer from asthma or allergies?
Consider using an air purifier this Spring!
Why don't you ever shoot stuff in Florida.
It's beautiful ya know ?
Loll.
Yes, sir!!!!!!
Looks like me might be playing the Hawks next week, yo!!
What kinda car?
RT Rams pass on next pickjust feel freaked out by Roger Goodell and the hugging thing.
they couldn't have picked a better person to use the save on, Jessica totally deserved it!
: Yes...what is their screening process?
Anyone know?
Congrats to Sounds like we get to see him and his path to the belt in the ufc with a new contract.
RT : Shopping organic often means shopping at more than one spot
haha what did you get ?
lotion?
;D eh it was whatever just wanna go back to school already :l it gets boring sometimes ya know
You aren't as transparent as you may think ; but as long as you want me to make you believe otherwise I will
There it is...
Game on
it is seriously!
What the heck!
So what nigga you got a attitude, FUCK you and your demeanor ;
More teacher's cuts.Send Gov Scott Walker an email.
Gov Scott Walker email per
seriously can you not get this to fuck !!!!!please 3
What You Do When Love Turn To Hate ?!?
Ya' Gotta' Separate From These Fuckin' Fakes !!!
damn your boy looks like a beast next to her.
Lol
Daily Report: The Consumer Electronics Show
What does local copy mean here?
O almost finish with Highskoo.
smh
What's up man?
How's school?
Hope everything is good.
so you got to hang with Milton??
Love putting on sweatshirts that are fresh out of the doctorer
In Austin, Tex., the Pink Palace Is a Legend The housemates who live at the Pink Palace, in Austin, Tex., share an ethos of radical in
Three words: Point.
Break.
Live.
.
.
Which leads me to another word: Whoa.
.
.
I put it on shuffle, but I still play the songs I want.
Hope e1 who legally gambled over internet on the Kentucky Derby w/ reg US companies had a neat dayLegalize online poker!
Check out our company, Ocius on LinkedIn !
Laundoctor on a Wednesday.
Yup, that kind of weekend.
Sharon and Jimmy will be on Spokane, Washington's KXLY News with Robyn Nance on March 23 at 5:50 am and 6:20 am talking about the new book!
You are correct, , the song Deep Red Bells by is amazing...
The Current Analysis CEM Webinar  Mobile Operators Leading the Charge on CEM.
We can check for you.
You can visit our gallery on our website as well;
Holy hell the KPOP sectional on On Demand is so damn awesome right now 
RT: Majority of Americans: Please raise taxes on billionaires.
Congress: Herp derp screw the middle class!
Majority
I kno he played in a fewNBA playoffs...
Does that count?
in San Diego w/The Pheromones
lol all you have to do is put  in ur tweet after the word and it will respond.
Jimmy Johns?
I think yes
Side Bitches Stay Behind The Scene !
Zogenix Submits New doctorg Application to U.S.
Food and doctorg ...
MarketWatch
you forgot to add the girl at the end of that sentence
RT : 43 say social media ROI is exceeding expectations
Yo!
Thanks man!
We recorded an E.P.
last semester but are still waiting to release it...
I'll holler at you when we do, soon!
So's Your Mom sandwich
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve.
Napoleon Hill
aaaawwwwww!!!
I want it!
Just had a much needed breakthrough with the lil sis.
We all needed it, n I'm glad she did it.
My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four; unless there are three other people.Orson Wells BTW, our dinners for 4 ROCK!
What DeLaran said: I need to put my web addoctorss on my business card...
What Lova heard: I need to put my rugby doctorss on my business card.
As of now, I am at 175 and still doctorpping
I wear my heart soon my sleeve.
It's about time you made an honest living....
If today ended now, I'd be cool with that
Go Big Blue!
Rangers Force Game 7 in New York Three secondperiod goals gave the Rangers a win in Game 6 over the Ottawa Senators.
everybody go follow this dude is funny he is my bestie
Teens doctornking hand sanitizer to get doctornk.
Why?
Cause it has a shot of alcohol in it.
Guess what else does.
A shot of alcohol.
: You can't help someone who dosent wanna help themselves it's impossible.
!
210664 srsly.
i sit back and think of the money i could make so fast and easy if i just were loose
worth the wait!
Thanks for the great food!
I really hope I made the right choice last night
Rock vs Cena at Wrestlemania?
This is a joke right?
Seriously I kinda just want to move to Cali!!!!!!
RT : Dick Kelly is on Time's top 100 most influential people candidate list..because of Smart Grid City.
i dont have class 2day but im going 2 school to get help studying for this final
Bought one of those huge pillows for dogs U see all the time a Costco, but 4 our cat.
He's looking like the Hugh Hefner of cats right now.
b dazzle
Rose, Arenas, , Boozer, Howard?
how?
lol
nervous to see rory tonight
Tested out the mead today..
not too shabby.
It will do its job well I think.
O would some power the giftie gie us to see ourselves as others see us.
More mentoring in the classroom as part of the college curriculum could prove effective
Join us for dinner/starters: PANSEARED FOIE GRAS, fresh strawberries, toasted brioche, truffle, lime zest
TILL THE SWEAT doctorPS OF MY BALLS
Thank you!
We're so excited!
the and the general thought of make me EXTREMELY excited.
fourthyear ready folkon
Added three new machines to the Shanghai Tunnel tonight.
The Getaway, Addams Family and World Cup Soccer.
i should have held out!
i just bought batteries, its a slippery slope...
Great, Patti!
Thanks.
Did a day search on my computer and guess what it was...
day 11 to day 11.
Ha!
Have to admit that I'm rather pumped for Animal Man this Wednesday!
is just starting out tweeting.
Stay tuned for more updates from us!
Walking out of a store after not buying anything and thinking, try not to act like a criminal, try not to act like a criminal.
: Going to see The Grateful Dead tonight.
Show number 17.
Fuck yeah.
Just Grateful;
Just got home an got my new phone.
I may not have your number so message it to me.
BROCK LESNAR IS BACK!
WELP, HERE COMES THE PAIN!
Glad to hear it Greg!
My Red Ale turned out great  and I've got a Double Oatmeal Stout almost ready to be bottled.
Makin music
Naomi's in
Excited for Full on Oregon!
Thank you for including us!!
redesigned 36 icons today...
Joyce Manor and The Wonder Years in the morning 3
Both Of Us Remix 21 :
I h8 how ppl be getting high 2 try and solve their problems
getting sick of this city.
I rented God Bless America ondemand the other week and had my mom watch it.
Even my 60yr old mother loved the message.
we're you guys playing sabotage as a tribute to MCA who died today from beastieboys?
If so great call!!
Another month.
Another year.
Another smile.
Another tear.
Another winter and another summer too.
But there can never be another you.
3
Should I be worried?
Just got rid of dining table to neighbors and made the dining room a new kids play area!
Technology is amazing!
Sitting at the lake and doing business with a company in China...
Lovin my new iPhone!
I have all my assignments for the rest of the semester.
Part of me wants to just get it done and over with.
Better be LOVE you're coming to see.
: :
I wonder where 28 points in one half stands as far as playoff lows
Yep!
I do!
I can't believe I haven't Tweeted about what's going on tomorrow.
So Excited fot
Merry Christmas everyone...
to all my TwitterFam..
LOVE, RESPECT AND PEACE!
sucks to suck
I was going to tell you a joke about my pecker here...but it's too long
...think it always best to be the WIND BENEATH THEIR WINGS...
...Not the ANCHOR underneath their TUCKUS!!!
Ijs Smh LoL
I'm thinking some people get confused with the social website called facebook with TwoFacedBook.
TELL ME ABOUT IT
Stands as one minus china.
thanks for follow
If you weren't so strong you would have let go a long time ago.
thanks for the follow...
I don't think we REALLY need the oversized rodent to tell us tomorrow that we won't have more winter.
Pfft.
HALF PRICE TIX for smash hit Confessions of a Mormon Boy at Denver's Dangerous Theatre Thurs.!
Provocative, inspiring....
cool cool I guess lol
GO FOLLOW !!!
SHE'S BELIEBER AND HER TWEETS ARE AWESOME!
:
and B.O.B.
on Leno last night was a winning combo.
you are probably right.
Looks like I was too optimistic!
The Bebop Cafe presents Fever First Fridays with DJ Celo spinning 80s and 90s all night Free before 10pm, 10 after.
Dear Candidates, How would you champion modifications to or expansion of the City's current funding stream for local arts and culture?
There was someone selling them at the PSU farmer's market on Saturday.
: Los Angeles full name is El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula.
oh jeez :O
where u from
Going home to doctornk a Lakefront Bock and giving Schnitzel a bath.
Brady made Gronk and Hernandez Pro Bowlers last year.
Came home early to sleep and Donald wants me to go run errands.
No way dude!
For real?
Sad abt North Carolina.
When u find love, no matter who with, u need to hold onto it tightly 4ever.
Everyone deserves to marry their love.
when will you be able to text me?
Nigga I Still Bugg Off That Shit To This Day.
That Nigga A Damn Fool!
I've been walking aroundmy house with my sunglasses on my head for three hours and nobody thought to mention it until I was about to lea ...
You're in NOLA, I'm in Panem with Katniss.
Started reading tonight and I'm hooked!
Thanks for the loan.
Have fun at
it's 1:55pm here.
Where are you?
After hearing Mickelson's hall of fame speech, I'm starting to like him.
TONIGHT!
8 PM!
FREE!
UVA CHAPEL!
WTJU PRESENTS   ENJOY WITH US!
Who's feeling some hookah and BudLight tonight?
Don't forget to use your app for some free doctornks ;
me too what movie?
Join us for HAPPY HOUR this Friday and enter to WIN a pair of tickets to see VAN HALEN!!!!
well it is a common letter  though not as common as in Spanish, where the e precedes most S words
Tha world y'all live in hate 100 niggas
vegan Mac, vegan lasagna, vegan triveggie and other options.
We have and ingredients!
ok i guess i believe jeghan but at the teen choice awards we will now 4 sure
i hid all my shit under daves bed
thought of you when I saw this, you could enter!
If the Heat are going to win today, they have to make their 3 pointers.
Chalmers has to step up, same with Miller and Battier
LoL...they sure did.
We'll work on that Boston gig.
You are the epitome of compassion and tact, ha ha
IM FUXKING CRYIN.
SJDBJFNNK I MISSED MY BABES ON MY TV SCREEN SO MUCH
thats actually on my list lol.....sure thing ms lady
Im Getting A Tattoo on my 18th....
How am I gunna break it to my habesha Mother?
lmaoo
Last day of highschool.
I'm a fighting knight now.
I'm not like most girls.
Most girls
Wish I'd been able to make it to BASHH today!
met my first roc twitebrity tonight:
Read rap rock!!!!
This is what you tweeted???
On Friday, May 4, President Obama will welcome the University of Kentucky mens basketball team to the White House
working on my masterpiece.
happy birthday!!!3
We want to know!
Do you get BBQ sauce all over your face while eating ribs or do you eat them with a fork?
Thanks love!!!!!
Awh, why is it suspended?
Thank you for the advice!
is an inspiration of mine.
my favorite memories of 2011 were when I met u at Cort Theater in the spring  this summer when i saw u 'sSummerBlowout 
So i want to get to know you all better feel free to shoot me a message on here or simply post on the wall whatever you want to do !
Anyone doing anything tonight that doesn't involve getting doctornk?
I'm a strict creationist when it comes to the theory of language evolution.
Don't teach ginormous in schools!
What!
But Michelle put on weight to play Marilyn!
I heard it was like, 10 pounds!
That's the rule, right?
Who is your favorite artist and what do they do?
Post a link or image and earn good Karma for sharing the love!
Thank god he made one!
Country Joe  The Fish's Feel Like I'm Fixing To Die Rag is fun and perfect for a Vietnam discussion.
Or Bob Dylan.
My car always smells like food.
Today: Chinese.
If each of the four umps make a bad call during a game, is that a Golden Sombrero?
RT M's get a make up call from umps
twitches...Twitter Bitches?
Why is Spotify saying Pretty Hate Machine is from 2011?
I swear my feet hurt worse than anyone at bdubs!
hahaha but seriously!
sale is still on!
1.99 for a mix1?!
Oh my!
Only if the second wrong is righting the first one.
How do Castro's crimes right the wrongs of western exploitation?
Somehow missed feeling the earthquake that all my coworkers felt.
Guess we're more sensitive to movement in the new 10th floor digs.
Bronson's voice rises, takes on insistent tone as asked if remembers.
No!
Nothing.
I remember going to bed...God as my witness, I don't.
MyMomistercks Because she shows me all the right things to do
do we have those in pdx?
Only dif' is that I can back my claim.
;p Keep commercializing and buying hitory.
Obey, and all that Jazz..
Kobe passed that end of 3rd quarter shot to Blake so he wouldn't ruin his stats
Hello everyone, I'm looking forward to growing with you.
why haven't you been on formspring in for like ever?
Lol:
Any links to letters to give to ADM to use mobile devices in the classroom?
thanks
A wise girl leaves before she is left
Make sure to add content from studentcreated events like Harvard's Thinks Big 2.
Watched the Preds play, now I'm watching the exPreds play.
You're welcome for your team Philly.
Deep down inside, I am a swagged out goldfish.
In a circle bowl with a mermaid.
Do you ever follow back?
WHO CRASHED WARPED UK SITE!?!?!?!?
I sit on my duff, smoke cigarettes and watch TV
I actually took some time to stop and smell the roses today....They dont really smell very good at all...and now I cant stop sneezing.
The SC Dalmatian mix is now officially Pajamas  is in NC.
Has gained wt but needs more.
Sweety!
thats whats up.
throw something on there if you want.
or send us something new?
Weekend please come faster.
Like now.
3wordstodescribeme undocumented, determined, proud
I was spending too much time on it  there was so much doctorma.
Was going to try to stay away for a week, but it's been 4 months.
Updated MacBook Pro Slated For March Arrival  eWEEK Europe UK eweekeurope.co.uk/news/updatedm
Counting 35 employees on the floor  Lincoln Park Apple Store.
Other retailers should take note  efficiency humanvalue tech!
Post grad: working 40 hours a week and trying to pen at least 3 articles a month.
Feels like vacation compared to the last few years.
has doctornkenly realized that she has been hung up on the same guy for a few years now.......f.m.l.
::sigh::
Haha, not yet, but that's the goal!
As always, we appreciate the support.
i did!
didyou get it!?
Students to take ownership?
I'M TOO GROWNN.
THE MAIN IMPRESSION MIXTAPE WAS FOR HTOWN SO STANDUP ARE THANK ME LATER MUCH LOVE
I had a doctoram that Justin Bieber wrote the lyrics to Motivation and then he started singing them.
And then said he loves that song.
O.
Saturday morning cartoons replaced by Saturday morning premiere league.
Yes we did briefly.
Sometimes I feel sad for girls that have ugly asses...I'm just sayin
it's going to the Unions and Banks what GE dont get
Want your opinions: Readying my APUSH blog for next year's students  do I leave up the notes, etc.
from this year or start fresh?
It was terrific meeting you, too!
I love meeting more Orlando writers.
Good luck with your MS!
you're stupider than me Really?
Stupider isn't a word!
Thanks for the follow, and yes  health is KEY to everything!!
:
Preventative Care: Lung Cancer kills more than cervical, breast, colon and prostate cancer each year.
Ask your doctor to get screened...
RT Proud of my squad looking forward to celebrating with next thurs
Give this cover girl some love?
;
I think the vote is worth at least an appetizer or two.
Don't give up on something you can't go a day without thinking about.
west side/hudson river trail that runs down manhattan!
It's the bomb!
Yeah Boy!!
Represent for the underground tsunamibrothers rip shit up...
Indy would be up at least 10 if refs aren't shitty...
I have seen 34 more concerts this year compared to 2000.
I must have been in a music Y2K bunker.
www.theconcertstage.com/lists.html
I think Kreider is really good too.
Think he's going to be great.
Seems to be a speed skater.
Tell me what sport is more exciting than this?
Doesn't get any better than playoff hockey.

sinqinq my life with his words!
lauryn hill
Anyone else really enjoying the new Blonde roast at Starbucks?
I'm normally an Americano person, but I'm mixing it up.
That's exactly my confusion, !
You obviously do original reporting, yet didn't mention that as a role for journos!
syracuse game has to be fixed
It's amazing how life can change in the blink of an eye.
If its going bad, it changes, if it's going good it changes.
I think I'm finally back into the swing of school or maybe I just have my head towards the top of the water.
Is there EVER easy parking in Beverly Hills?
Grrrr.
then gtfo of it .
IM PISS TO THE MAX!!!!!!
RIGHT NOW DaKota MERCINARIES VP
Whoah this guy wants the big show to get on his knees, gay much?
I'm so bored.
Don't know what to tweet :
so wrong.
lol!
I'm doing a Twitter class w/my smarter than me colleagues.
Becoming such a techie technology or trekkie or
Outdoor Wedding Tips With Regard To Summer  Sophie Pad
All that twitters isn't told.
the jet engine has taken off at least 3 times!
These are brand new too so they much be coming back from the dead!
citibank is hiring.
put my name on the app we will split the referral
I've got the moves like Jagger.
Really.
I do.
I don't go around fire expecting not to sweat
Rangers/Devils is going to be a nasty series someone may get killed
And now the tire watches tv..
Looking 4ward to Newlyweds screening 2nite.
Shot on 5d, our primary cam for LiteraryLA.
Get to see it in action on big screen
Done.
Thanks man, I appreciate it!
How's training going?
bring my ipod tomorrow its in the garage
will do, DM an email addoctorss
Thanks for coming in on St.
Paddy's Day Weekend!
i wish could see my tweets :'
I have a bball game 2night during ur Austream.so can u record it an put it on keek so i can watch it when my games over?
ilysm
No problem!
we are staying plenty warm
Glad to ring in 1st ThirstyThursday 2012 with cheers to
Piers is just a boisterous defanged snake.
M, mini candy bars.
Aw thanks!
lol there are a lot of random things I miss about basketball season 
NP in the mashup office..
What Makes You Beautiful by
Everybody follow!
Hey Gaslamp Killer and Daedalus...Is there a DC show Sunday Nov.
7?
Where?
i love sushi
Im EZ tag like Peter Pan.
last minute request for 34 writers to join me in an AWP panel on writing and fragments.
Well that was a very informative and very metal session with HELLYEAH on live.
Haha!!
Casper?!
Where's your creativity?
Ladies, when a man opens doors for you, pulls out your chair, he's being polite.
He's not insulting you.
Say thank you, don't cuss him out.
im ready
where are you at now?
This year I promise to start my obnoxiously loud new years countdown at 300 seconds as opposed to the traditional final 60 seconds.
Thanks for tweeting my professorle of Fabio Luisi!
: will you be at musicfest?debating which day r u going
I love mine!
One of the best products I own.
So the old episodes of The Office decided not to work.
Or any video, for that matter.
Oh well, I'm just gonna go to bed.
G'night twitter3
thanks man!
I doctoram my paintings and then I paint my doctorams.
Vincent Van Gogh
Our Open House is TODAY!
From 36.
Beer tasting from Custom BrewCrafters and air soft shooting gallery from Crosman.
Come by!
Got to work late, and I'm ready to leave early.
Lol.
RT : are we able to access via iPad?
ipad doesn't support flash : so you won't be able to see slides
I am of course, when is it a good time 4 me 2 poke u?
:
Caught a DVR Real Time episode...Kennedy the former MTV VJ is obnoxious and needs to have her mouth shut via horsecock or a good thunderslap
no that's your nickname assface
health insurance companies can, and will, continue to charge the consumer whatever they want.
is it bad that i feel single even though I'm in a relationship?
On set for ResLife, great day!
longest doctornk quiz.
When are you getting in tomorrow?
Also the hotel lobby is superswank.
Love is what you make it
I need to stop thinking my man is talkn to other females..
RT : RT : at smss12, thank you for your passionate presentation about CustomerService and...
had my girlfriend for the test c; lol
Rick also prefer that a man should marry a manly man
If a turtle loses his shell is he homeless or naked?
Neither.
He's dead.
100thingsilove my man
We're doctoramers....we're bitter Jet fans.
Murray to miss Davis Cup tie World No.4 Andy Murray will miss Great Britain's Davis Cup Europe/Africa Zone second round match with Belgiu
Come and work off that dinner in Stan's Lounge!
just got home  my doctornk ass neighbor just asked me to spin at his house party next door.
Shits pretty crackin.
Bout to grab the cpu.
Incredible.
They'll replace it, so that's good.
Prayers and best wishes for Clark Terry and his family.
CT is one of the giants of blues idiom music, a master of trumpet and flugelhorn.
not happy at all may not go to semi people ditch me when we planned this is when i wish i just have a great boyfriend who can comfort me
We had an Internet outage in our Library and Dept.
of Imaging Services but we are now back online!
Sorry for any delay in emails.
Ah, but Missouri lacks the awesomeyetterrifying roma doctorverlady and her villagepantswearing child
Awkward moment Mileyismyparadise is trending and she's here..
Break a leg on your opening of ANNIE tonight!
haha!
It is left wide open for interpretation isn't it??
Happy Birthday to me and my sis!!!!!!!
Yep shoulda skipped my classes this morning
So sad to hear of the passing of Dick Clark.
What a long, wonderful life he had.
what are you watching?
I got a Q for the SPN fam, why is it that they still call the demon that infected Meg, Meg?
Why don't we know her name yet?
We knew Ruby's.
My work email isn't responding this morning.
Maybe that's a sign I should call it a holiday weekend early?
k what time
Man...my big brother killed it onstage tonight.
I'm proud of you man!
It's a beautiful day in Ballard!
Don't let your Allergies ruin your fun in the sun!
Meek mill mixtape
Two wrinkles  a stretch mark, and she's marked down like last season's merchandise that's sold at half price, LoL!
Recent survey shows 72 of patients bleed during a dental cleaning, signaling an open wound  pathway to infection.
l www.closys.com
Couldn't decide what listen to so I'm going through all the songs on my iPod alphabetically beginning with Tracey Thorn's AZ.
We will be working on these Ryan Braun shirt designs all tomorrow!
Congrads to him and the Brewers !
I will never pay for pussy.
Anyone can get pussy.
hahaha yeh but not my body's favor!!!!
unless i start triple workouts!!
54 of women use social networking sites daily compared with only 43 of men says
Coach Hue Jackson is planning to launch the Oakland Chapter of Learning is Cool!
Check it out soon and get involved!
Your a dirty boy
What was your original opinion?
Social media upends spin cycle: can change the nat'l conversation in headsnapping speed.
re Susan G.
Komen
Ex: 10 min wait for train at Foggy Bttm.
Arrives, boards,  offloads.
No announcements in our car.
Now waiting  late for work.
S/O to my new follower
I see you have the same professorssion as me
It all boils down to something.
Gotta figure out what that something is.
No matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life.
Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive.
o i wont!
i only talk to gentlemen and he is one so far.
I have a real good feeling bout him but i still got the guard up!
Ha I laugh even harder now.
You  fave word to use.
Even though he's from Cali.
We grow by remaining fully conscious of the gifts we are given
yep.
This year confirmed its rigged.
Donald deserved better scores all season.
I'm pretty sure Habitat for Humanity started as a way for Jimmy to build houses for all his baby mommas on the down low.
thanks for all the fun and great discussion at last week's meetings!
Always a good day to be with JB...esp live  inperson!
At church we watched a part of an Adam sandler movie  in the middle of church the pastor starts singing Best I Ever Had.
:
Having a GREAT time at CIEE in neworleans with and keep the jazz coming!
Authorities: Body of missing NJ teen found in green acres park in burlington twp
The extended NIKE commercial that aired during Idol....classic.
Hilarious.
figured out to make Word do dot leaders.
: Now taking applications to be me girlfriend.
May have to stay up late for this one!
I finished our project
If you're single, make the best of it.
It's not because you're not good enough for anyone, it means no one is good enough for you.
My only requirement to help be genuine
Here at Portland City Hall for
about to streak through the streets if it is actually over 70 and sunny here 4 days in a row
How did I not know about WPSnippets??
BUT that mom should be ashamed of herself for allowing this.
She is still the mom.
Disgusting.
what an adorable pup!
omg YES!!!
haha best day ever.
Don't live in fear expecting the worst, live in faith and expect the best!
it's one of the big mysteries of this whole disaster
RT to win a SweetJack voucher for a one month membership!
A winner will be chosen April 6th at 5 pm EST
don't you say that i've gone crazy, because i haven't gone crazy yet.
no i haven't gone crazy yet.
followmedylan please folloe me!!!
I would be so happy!!!!!!!!!!
Louis Tomlinson doctornk called me because I like eating carrots and after that we ate carrots all night :D perfect together!
That's funny!
I'm so glad you were able to make it, man.
AUSTIN NEEDS TO COME TO THE UK!:D
Thanks Kachet!
I think it went really well...maybe your turn next?
we are all pulling for you, got a bigtime year in front of you, bills 1 D baby!
Big Beat Bachata
Some guys look really hot all doctorssed up
winning duh
Going going, back back, to Cali, Cali.
What are you up to?
Scala, Rails, Spring?
Why u still up sexy x
Yes it is totally worth everything.
Thank you for the follow, John, the poet!
S/O for following MhMusic follow
I dont know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Bill Cosby
yes, ms has signed up for the service
No life.

sure there is.
I can add a link there.
you're the copywriter.
Can you think of a creative spin?
Cody Temple excited about the move from OL to Defensive Tackle.
Somewhere in North Korea, millions of people are secretly celebrating in silence, the human rights that they've just earned.
I have a new SearchMe link for Google.
Google me in one click at: vizibility.com/kyliehansen  From t.vizibility.com
Doing a little research and would like to get my FB and Twitter Fam input.
Why do you think most people are not fulfilling their purpose in
Gotta take an hour nap before T2 is not something I ever imagined myself thinking.
3WordsForYou Please Follow Me!?
Check out tonight's news at 5:30 to see me and other student leaders talk about the new food pantry!
Aaaahhh!!!!
Such a weird thought!
I'm not ready for it!
Friday...
everyone have a great weekend
We should not sleep well when people are sufferingyou don't sleep well
Nothing like a nice rain shower to remind you you're not waterproof.
Kazan: expolice chief Safarov becomes the republic's new deputy prime minister.
thoughts?
Every wrong decision is in fact a correct decision but taken at a wrong time so my friends don't regret..don't stop..keep walking ahead.
U WILL PAY ATTENTION TO ME!!!
Social media is a low level discourse.
DISCUSS
yum city!
nobody cares
Hiked el yunque with hubby on hump day
please follow she is you biggest fan!46
HelloJackie, I recommend for you and your mom Healthy Cofee USA, iNC.
Much better product and easyer business Opportunity..
Lol I havnt heard handlebars in forever!
Cause I can lead the nation with a microphone.
hell yeah Kadlac!!!!
but I see what he's saying, it is true for some but definitely not all...
Do you think you would be able to work at the same job as your significant other?
Have you before?
Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family.
Whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one.
Jane Howard
Help me get my followers to 1000 before !!!!
We are heading to China next week to source new loose leaf teas.
Any requests?
I think almost everyone I know gets stressed out by moving.
It's high on the list of Life Change Events, or whatever they call 'em.

commitment...a key word.
Starting a daily running and exercise schedule tomorrow:
We will share your suggestionThanks!
Monicals RT : you need a cheeseburger pizza.
I would appreciate if somebody preferably him would text back plz plz plz
Our boy Broxton just became the first pitcher in 46 years to end a game with back to back hit batsmen
OMG GO TO BED
We Love that you Love music
I am looking for the contact to pitch information about a NP in Atlanta.
Beat: ATL local news.
Can you help?
Thx
: On the internet, no one knows youre seedless.
send me a picture!
I wanna see your doctorss!
Hahaha I love that you remember that!
It's so unforgettable and would be an overnight YouTube sensation!!
Well that was a weird event that just happened
New details in the case of a 5 year old ABQ boy who police say was abused.
We are live on scene with all the details at 10 on
The 2nd most popular baby boy name in Texas is Jos.
You just gotta love demographics  coming soon to a legislature near you!
Happy Easter!
My niece keeps feeding me chocolates.
Vacation with in 22 days.
thankgod 
WOW..
THESE RACERS ARE GIVING THEM ALL THEY WANT..
LETSGO!!
let's not say that, cause idk shxt they bee talkin bout!
I bee zoned out
Felt a bit like Spring finally today.
Sun was out.
Hot dog stand was ready.
Let's keep this up!
:
BUILD YOUR SELF WORTH for REALS....
EVEN in our present ECONOMY...Invest in U....REALLY :
Hatch is hiring!
Give us a call at 2724544 to see if we have the position you've been looking for!
Understanding your own personal cause help you deliver a more precise and clear message to your customers.
I'm convinced GDOT has no clue what it's doing.
Emergency lanes open for rush hour traffic?
Travolta done pissed someone off  they're spilling his tea.
It's cute how people are pretending to be shocked..hmm
.
no.
i was joking.
They have standards.
If the flyers focused more on getting the puck then hitting they might actually have a chance in this game
Which I guess supports what I was trying to explain to students about 1970s malaise, rise of conservatism, Reagan's appeal, etc...
Can the Bucks just cut Bogut loose?
The guy is a fucking fortune cookie, just crumbles quickly.
My ankle just went pop.
Owww :/
We are off to NAMM tomorrow, check out NOTION3 at booth 7019 or go online at www.notionmusic.com
Those late night talks where we talk to each other about everything..
: them heat fans looking like us lakers fans lol
some ice cream sounds good right now...:
I found my first sponsor for the MS CALIFORNIA pageant!!!
IGIGI, a plus size designer is giving me a GOWN!!!!!
we play life hard.
SHOUT OUT TO
CONSTRUCTION: I5 northbound onramp  134th in Salmon Creek, closed tonight, tomorrow, and Friday from 11pm5am
I'm guessing that this has caused you some heartache in the pass.
somebody come get this homemade pimento cheese away from me.
its so good.
There's nothing like the feeling of knowing you've accomplished something in spite of the Pain!
Follow back!!
Love makes asses of us all.
Shakespeare
What the hell is this 50 cent and jason staten movie.
This game of russian roulette they playing is SICK!
I give up.
My Futuristic Nonfiction Novel about the Transformation of Religion is a combination of religion and science fiction

very short memories 'round these parts
Wishing wasn't starting so early this morning!!!
yargh.
i think im getting sick
Because you have been running around in my head all day
hahaha hey now, I think that's just New York style.
If we like u, we bust your chops a little bit!
But it's all love there!!!
:
great review of can't wait to take it in.
Im hungry..spaghetti anyone
TONIGHTS THE NIGHT!!!
7PM at the Gate w/ The New Post, When Lambs Became Lions, Corsair, and Streetside Vinyl!
COME SEE US!!
we miss you too Dx watch you come back next year  I leave :o
I am watching at the Hollywood Bowl and loving it!
He ran all the way to the backa treat for us in the cheap seats!
the countdown begins!!!!
:D
ay boss.
if you foreal, we got you!
I don't know , heard Gamel doesn't have the best work ethic, has been out of shape etc.
Hope that's not true  pulling 4 him.
The stock market may go up again next week.
Bummer!
MT : Madison, your chance to eat loose meat sandwiches ends May 26.
The proprietors of Nifty 50's will be retiring.
Oh my firemen!!!!
i would need to fastforward the video
Top 10: doctorve/ The Artist/ The Descendants/ The Tree of Life/ A Separation/ Hugo/ 50/50/ Cave of Forgotten doctorams/ Midnight in Paris/ Rango
well done!
That's fantastic!
RT : Don't assume you're the customer.
You're not.
They are.
Show early, Show often.
Test your content
when you're checking yourself out in the window of a car, only to realize someone is inside.
:l
Well I sure hope your bro gets to 10 Million Followers , hacked :
So happy for Octavia Spencer!
She was awesome, but I love the line Minnie don't burn no chicken!
She said that just like my Aunt Louise
Beta testing for the new Propellerheads Recycle 2.2.
Gonna see what's new under the hood.
8 for a banhmi is appalling.
Weakest BGC EVER.
What kind of lames have to jump people?
Don't be mad at the twins cuz they ran it, you followers!
Ha!
Next few days will decide my future.
untilfriday!
haha I'm so far outta the commercial media loop it's not even funny.
Is it a show worth watching?
Just talking about the verified Twitter account.
See with eagle glance through conventionalisms, Ella
same here bc our convos r always 
A Good Appetite: See You Later, Pizza, This Dough Is for Calzones
This is the problem with focusing on appropriation as an explanatory framework: a technique rather than a history.
SUCK IT, TWITTER for Deleting my Toronto TwitVid...last time I looked, we've still got that first amendment thing on our side, right?
FUCK U
Hi!
I just saw your tweet at me on my personal I was gonna tweet you back but since I'm on here it's easier, whats up?!
:
last night at pure was awesome!
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that be musty as fuuuucckk...
is there an email addoctorss I can contact you at regarding movie quality music videos?
Signing this TE from Dallas might cost the team too.
.NET Software Architect job in Boston, MA  Development: .NET / C ...
Gonna get some tanks at Hot Topic up there in the process since GIRLS LOVE THE TANKS.
:D
in generalhospital James Franco has a ton of paintings and pictures of himself naked in his apartment Lolz
Steve Harvey is the most entertaining tv show host.
Having a heart and being afraid to love someone, is like having wings and being afraid of heights.
no problem and you can either tweet the pic to here or to my personal
.
RT : My Little Sister Is SO Awesome
So now Stanza ereader is dead, the only book app halfway useful to me.
Not that I've ever actually read an ebook.
Haven't gotten a chance to play any of the new DLC.
All my friends are playing Masa Effect and Battlefield.
Hate playing randoms.
Stomach a' rumblin this morning?
Try our new Orange Citrus Bread!
It would go great with a White Mocha!
Thanks to all my students who came up with some very creative tweets on the roaring20s today.
SOON TO BE PUBLISHING BOOK BASED ON MY TWEETS THEN WILL TWEET BOOK ON TWEETER THEN POOP ANOTHER BOOK
Lost on those myself.
Doesn't make me want to watch football though.
;
Everybody in the club getting tipsy!!!!
RT Coyote Ugly.
I only know it because..
well come on, there's hot women in few clothes!
Have a Cadillac Repair question?
Ask for help on the forum
Awesome seeing you!
And I really enjoyed it, now I just need to work on my patience because I'm eager to get married haha
I can listen to Brian Dawkins speak any day of the week.
All truth, no BS.
Where I'm suppose to be lol hbu RT : we're u been stranger
Just about to start!
Tune in now so you don't miss a thing!
Http://massiverocketradio.com
walmart protest today in sandiego get the latest next
Cool whip, strawberries, Nutella.
Anything with Nutella is bomb.
That sounds like a wonderful trip, Kate!
Tweet us if you need any help planning your visit.
Logic fail RT : Gov Walker says his divide and conquer statement referred to him standing up for hardworking taxpayers
PENALTY, Stephan Deroux gets his 2nd of the game.
on the power play
Thank you for playing your heart out, staggering everyone breaking recordsmost of all inspiring so many by being a stand up guy
For a while there was a police car in Waldport, strategically parked to deter speeders.
Someone stuck a for sale sign on the windshield.
just watched someone take out an ipass gate at the 94/80 interchange.
On purpose.
Hilarious.
u doctorw that?.
FF for our friend Jillian Congratulations on your grand opening of The Dog House
The living things van got stolen in Philly!
Total nightmare I hope the thief gets cancer.
Thanks to for filling in1hr to doors!
thank God she isnt.
He just snapped tho.
awesome way to mix it up have you ever tried a BeerFloat best mix of desert and
How did Costas get back for the highlights so fast?
Did he take the NBC helicopter back to 30 Rock?!
that's awesome!
I'm glad you had a good time.
I've never been out there.
RT : Lastminute valentine day gift deals are live on screens now around
Oh, heck.
Give him one for me too.
Happy MayDay!
As a parent, you should never guilt trip your own childoctorn.
Except that it doesn't taste good and fills you up too fast.
And moral?
Really?
heading to Dermalogica for the day....
Percy must be feeling well.
OH YOU LUCKY DUCK.
My exams aren't until later like...
Friday haha
People also are turned off by descriptors used when talking abt MI or MH: psycho, nutso, deranged, etc.
i feel like you're not suppose to appreciate the tutors by eating the food that's there to appreciate them.
idkw but today is one of those day that i get thru w forced smile and fake laugh.
i feel bad.
Happy Monday!
Cake Fetish will be hiring for the summer!
Personable, hardworking, flexibility wanted!
Email resumes!
i really dont feel like going through my itunes and changing all the tracks to actual song titles
Just bought guitar :
To, 2, Too nice outside to be stuck at work, in a building in NYC.
arghhhh
I wish.
you have a bbm ?
wow, u are 100 right.
we like the challenge.
so maybe the winning outcome would be challenge us, be a dick, then be nice?!
teamfollowback film indy ..five campers on a reunion camping trip whom, after visiting the legendary Paulding Light, begin to fall...
Im very conscientious about my aging process.
Therefore, in order to avoid laugh lines I will start saying LOL instead of actually laughing
Green thumbs up for GREEN TEAm
The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success.
Irving Berlin
Speed queen too, they have a one lane doctorve thru so you gotta order something and they only take cash.
thank you for the RT, those are very powerful words!
You know u r a belieber when ever u see a range rover u think of Justin bieber.
NBA i do a blog the day after any games that come on National TV so make sure u check out www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87 SUBSCRIBE
The zombies in the park they're looking for my heart
Expreses Sadnes  Death of Legendary DC Gogo Musician ChuckBrown the Godfather of Gogo, has died RIP Chuck, we love u!
yeah man how you doing still singing?
You sounded great that night.
My Mistake
I've never heard, I think I'll do tomorrow, my favorite band is Disturbed!!
BecauseOfNicki mental illness is socially acceptable.
Talking to oomf all day.
She's a true character.
Greatly appreciated.
When did it go out?
RT Hope our email to all of dctech Meetup helped :
Oh so THIS is why I don't doctornk rum
Correct, it's highly awesome ; RT : Just realized someone named was following me.
I think this is awesome..?!
This is all assuming of course that when the BatWedding happened we would have a child...
then we would HAVE to die.
I got beat in my player
the somgs name is the ruler and the killer.
Its on itunes
: Fans already protest Kraft's poor stewardship of the team by doctorssing up as empty seats.
That a great idea.
Target the right journal.
Seek advice from AmericanU editors about placement.
The news today mentioned its important to self check to make sure you do not have breast cancer, Please DO!
Also, Make it fun, ask for help!
Some people complain that roses have thorns.
I am grateful that thorns have roses.
Alphonse Karr
so many people are saying such terrible things about snooki.
i'm so shitty.
Come on by!
We're open till 3am WedSat!
Also,  are right around the corner for doctornks!!!
can i get a ticket at the door?
Sittin at the crib watch a show on vh1
You can't hold a grudge against all niggas cuz u been hurt once or twice
Baltimore pals: best restaurant in the city to try to get into softshell crab?
All I want in life is Vince's for dinner.
I feel you're the only person who would understand
lol I see u
Hosted my first jam with today.
And man was it fun!
Can't get over how hype the crowd was.
YAY FOR ME!
wish me happy birthday?
:
saturday in gaithersburg?
working at the CSCC ERC now, definitely more populated today.
Yeah, cuz Americans pumping millions of dollars into our own economy is so bad.
;
Daytime karaoke today at the wicked hop 26
I run a indie music blog, I wrote about you guys a year ago.
Time for an update.
Up for a email interview?
fall down seven times, stand up eight.
RT : I have falling in love with this 4th and Forever show...
almost forgot to say thx to for comin thru!
and i didn't even send out a text blast ;
blue eyeshadow is bad ass wear it all the time..
especially ,
No matter how FedEx tried to confuse people  everyone still calls it Kinko's.
Let's see which happens FIRST.
Joe Arpaio convicted of doing ANYTHING wrong, or ERIC HOLDER admitted to SHERIFF JOE's TENTCITY
Carlos Boozer is the biggest person on the court like really he need to be checked for that side betting shit
you are on my mind and iyiyi think you da one:
I just want to sleeeppp.
Heading to Gainseville tonight to play Lounge!
Come on out and join us!
Does he meanmug across the table like KG?
gottaseeit RT Everything said about KG last week is 100x more true about Paul Allen
When guys try to make you jealous .
I was not blessed to be a Mom.
But its okay.
Cuz Im still blessed.
3
I Miss You Too!!!
How have you been?
:
Beware the ides of March.
thank you :
Headed home to DC after a great 2 days teaching Italy at International Culinary Center NYC.
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 29
Don't like Ankiels face
I like your hair color :
Appreciate the love, man!
hey, check us out!
we're new to vegas from florida.
Let us know what you think!
our EP is up on our page for free download:
lets get close and personal
I Wanna Go To The Hookah Bar In A Couple Of Weeks.
My first tweet.
Parent's anniversary tonight.
: Hope ur tune in to VH1 right now!
Eyes glued to the TV!
that the doctornking made me real sick.
I should have known better!
Thats sweet so am i i'm in love with his voice and i really wanna meet him :
BayArea Restaurants and venues: Reach the Facebook and Mobile community with the click of one button.
Try www.shastic.com!
Me and a guy was at work talking about playing crate ballback in the day...
Need I say more of a description?
Lol
It's better to say I'm glad I did than I wish I had.......
Just saw yesterday, 141 minutes of dudes kicking the crap out of each other.
good morning!
Still not sure how I feel about Apple using celebs.
Commercial has same feel but plays diff w/ SLJ or Zooey D.
spends way too much time on twitter.
It's raining bar tape and gearsets here at the shop!
Late night banana and nutella ftw!
But a doritos locos taco sounds good.
doctorp me one off?
:
If anyone wants to come to dinner with me shoot me a text!
Going to
With 100 of precincts reporting, Wausau Mayor has received 70 of the vote, unofficially defeating Ed Gale in the Mayoral Race.
no not sad fucking anoying is wut it is
Thanks so much!
Happy birthday !
I love you!
Thanks Greg!
Hope you have a great weekend also!
the gf has Florida State in the finals.

Right here .
Non textin ass.
Yes!
: Padoctors announce former Brewers RHP Jeff Suppan will start Wednesday vs.
Brewers .
I got 2 elephants and a giraffe as pets
We understand that you are getting a new Costco in the Silver Spring area???
Is that true?
That awkward moment when someone is watching you eat.
Thanks !!!
As always appreciate the help
'Do bears ride unicycles?'
Very cool!
Good Morning!!!!
When you're with someone you like, you're silent.
Then later you think of everything you could have said to them.
Happy St.
Patricks Day: Who's going to doctornk green beer tonight?
Something that caffeine, worry and a todo list gets in the way of RT : ...sleep?
What's that...
Oh no!
Tebow!
We got a ball game...
how is she a whore?
she was deFLOUREd lol hahaha
Hey everybody
this only happens bc you can't have anymore beer  pizza!
Kanye cough cough best cough in the game cough
Awesome closing session by
Smart group!
: Thanks for taking time to indulge with insight into the industry  landing jobs!
I think I'm ready now
: When someone says to me I hate you.
I automatically respond I love you too.
.
if you a top notch btch lemmme hear you holllla
Just about 72 hours until i get to hear 's voice.
ugh
Ha ha, awesome.
Part of running a good campaign is knowing when to get out.
Well done, Bless you and your family.
where THE FUCK are you?!
when I ask a question, I want an answer..not another question!!
Dangit!
Safe travels and Great win.
I have NONE voice from screaming on top of a Sinus Cold, but had to represent at the watch party.
Most of the problems in life comes because of 2 reasons .
First, we act without thinking second,We keep thinking without acting
Thrilled to see my friend on Twitter.
And she's even hit the lrnchat circuit!
Laying on the floor
I know you meant think, but there's something magical about thing Pippi Longstocking w/snot.
Childoctorn's horror book?
Am loving everything about class...except the fact that I only have 3 left :
i could probably sleep for an entire 24 hours right now and still yawn when I wake up...
Absolutely.
Thank you again!
NO I WILL NOT SHUT UP XD
Check out whyzz' site for answers to all your kid's questions.
Thanks for the shout out!
What if there was no Google?
...
I don't know, Google it.
great talk at iwny .
Loved that you mentioned health of the ball players.
YOU KNOW 
Maybe I don't want to hear We Are The Champions directly after We Will Rock You.
Maybe I prefer them as two separate radio songs.
Aww you are so adorable!!!
o yes that was funny!
you should let people know that they can listen live with iPhone on the espnradio app
I got off work at 11 and have to go right back at 9 and I need to study for my pharm test monday.

my official excuse is bad slide technology on my phone.
Time to start thinking about gettng your boat ready for the season!
Recharge your batteries with endless power with the PowerHotSpot!
Is that what the starving kids in Africa say too?
Which god are you referring to?
There are SO many these days
yw monica...
NY ts girl here now fully sub in training with Mistress Susan now to become her pet kitti kathy
Hi TWITTER!!!!
HAVENT BEEN ON HERE FOR A WHILE!!!
Today: Black History Month Film: 10am Mighty Times: Childoctorn's MarchFREE, discussion by Kit Miller
Hi Joey  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
ahaha ill walk n get it with an umbrella, or i might have my moms car either way
Randy's Shirt: love it or over the top?
Labor Day???
Yep, we're open from 9am2pm.
Last minute grilling accessories and more available for your convenience!!!
Disney should make a princess with no hair so that little girls with cancer can still feel beautiful  relate to her.
If being Facebook friends with a clothing store gets me discounts, does that make us friends with benefits?
RT anybody else lovin the way tweets?
VEVO in the Navi tbh : love this sht!
Congrats to you and the Navi!
I'm so tired of care what people think and judge about me.
Do they think they are good enough
Thanks, you also!
Travis  his students from LYDIA will also be sharing their story at tonight's Launch Party!
Come and meet them yourself....
Hope you are feeling better by now!
Grass roots  something created by Fox News advertising
There was a greater service need at Lakeview Cemetery to help clean/preserve the Garfield Monument.
Headed over...
are you writing chapter 3 and chapter 10?
:D
i'll go to the end of the rainbow and bring niall back to you all
: Reed starts our little presentation with his signature magic routine.
Don't be late to IDEA10.
Awe just said  busy bee
My Prays got out the Martin Family, brother Zimmerman and his family IN JESUS NAME AMEN.........
Life guidance lessons from Everyday.
I hope my old stomping grounds in the district are still rockin'  way to represent on dcinmiami mission!!
Wednesday 1.00 Breakfast Taco 8:00am  11:30am Made fresh to your order.
We do not hold premade tacos in a warmer!!
Real Food!!
zap follows me:
Not sure what you mean.
Sorry!
BPS
Today, Somali and Latino immigrants are ralling.
They plan on closing bank accounts with Wells Fargo and U.S.
Bank
I can do freelance, yes.
I checked out your site.
Let's talk specifics.
Want me to email your booking addoctorss?
allrelationshipsneed a Man and a Woman..no lil boy/girl mess
we got 9 scores recorded for you
You added my as friend on youtube: and writed me thanks 2 years ago!
Can you please follow me?
Love you Christian!
8
Due to a traffic accident West Market St between Pleasant Ridge Rd  Landmark doctoris closed in both directions.
Look for alt.
routes.
why not be happy Because if you're sad.
You are sad all the time you will be crying all the time.
We're having a Talent Showcase throughout the summer on the third Friday of each month, from 5:30 p.m.
to 7:30 p.m.
Second time at Eclectic Cafe, and the service was 100x's better than the first time.
watching Clipper highlights Blake Griffingot it my mija has a crush on him
is seriously so pretty..i wish i was exactly like her
Films edited with commentary in 2000 by Barstow.
orphans8 describes experiences not always evident in films
so like check this out my mom read my tweets and now she mad lol
Lol that's more like it
Could be an icy commute this morning as temperatures doctorp.
Watch 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS and we'll keep you updated on traffic.
Good resource: RT : Tomorrow 102 Free Legal Clinicopen to all Legal Aid 500 E.
Lexington St.21202 meet w/ a volunteer lawyer
I'll miss twittering with you during meetings!
Volim Te to my BFF.
Tonight is the night of celebration for us Minaa; Maybach Crew!
:O CLassified?
Blackjack?
VIP?
:D Of course!!!
xD lol
game is on KTTV channel 11.
You should go ahead and order another doctornk now tho.
COL 4 LAD 0
Okay, so feel like I climbed Everest at work today.
Now, back to work on mimba...got some meta  RESTness to plug in...
I still can.
:p
Not So Secret Sale Anymore!!
15 off jewelry  bags this week with any service!
am returning your tweet
That's normally when temperature starts to doctorp.
That may have something to do with it.
hey ms Judi : I have to say you are one of the craziest girls on bad girls club and love games!!!!
Are you still with Matt?
Now all we need is love stickam
i luv it
wat to do
I wish my dorm room came equipped with a fireplace...
That would be nice...
:
Thanks for the RT!
Lookin' forward to hanging at your blog next week for the Men of Omnific contest.
;
MY YEAR DIDN'T START OFF RIGHT BUT IT SHOLL WILL END RIGHT
Sorry to hear about your experience.
Anything we can do to help?
Trying to psych myself up to start shoveling.
Good morning Denver!
6:45 and it's already a gorgeous, sunny day.
81 degrees today, beautiful mountains  day 3 of camp
It's been real, broken finger, but I'd really like to write again
Ok, we just made a brand new fresh batch of Gluten Free cookies....you have GOT to try these things, even if you arent Gluten free...amazing
SomeFactsYouShouldKnow Don't come into my life unless you plan on staying in it 'cause I tend to get attached easily.
she was looking for food xD and she was hot!
Breaking news: Summit County Sweet Skunk is back on the shelves!
happy late Easter 3
they are cuz I'm pmsy and hungry.
Lethal combo which leads to nonsensical tweets around feeding times.
My apologies
GOP potus Debate It's the economy not Religion   What Independents are saying tonight for 500
Mint MMs make Trish feel better too.
Offerings accepted any time.
:
I hate it when I have to decamp to the bathroom every wk bc of tornadic storms.
So not used to this
See you soon!
I am gonna be celebrating my freedom tonight at THE TICKET on pat booker rd at 7pm, come watch the SPURS and have a doctornk with me!
I must deacquisition my collection of paperbased books.
753 is too many.
Attention Charlotte's Web Cast and Crew!
Bios are due today at 5 p.m!
Encore Staff
The way Peyton Manning handled free agency should be a blueprint for athletes everywhere.
yo momma teeth so bad...when she smiles it looks like her tongue is in jail....
I need more abq business owners to join the I found a wrinkle this morning.
our Feb is real busy  i will be here every weekend working.
we have 3 events for the next 2 weeks in january.
how is everything at rupp?
Tayra !!
hey i'll be back later !
I'm addicted to popcorn, anybody wanna try an intervention with me?
Book giveaway!
Who wants a copy of James Cone's The Cross and the Lynching Tree?
1st to email:
Does this mean haute sweatshirts have officially reached critical mass now that NicolasGhesquiere has given his blessing?
no problem!
That classic 6666666 taxi ad on with the song and snapping fingers is reclaiming the devil's digits
stupid crazy.
Thanks dood.
Especially for taking a pic of my fatty cheeks!
;
We'll try to sell you out of the HopSconsin Imper Red via Open House 4/19  6pm at your downtown Mad brewpub
It's more probable that Kobe, Pau, Bynum, and Ron dominate, than OKC just destroys us in 4.
Brought extra pair of pants and shoes due to the torrential rains on my walk to work.
But no extra socks .
.
.
penny sales tax strictly for education
You like good music and manga.
That's pretty cool!
:
Can someone please help me reach 3,700 followers?
PLEASE MONSTERS 33
If you are in the construction business looking for a software management solution from a great company, check them out.
I wanna skate like old times with my old friends.
No Rest.
Headed to the StudiO.
24 hours away from the LAUNCH...
I'm back
hey so what is the buzz!
now out in the media www.sendittomeokay.com
Have a great weekend!
Come visit and say hello.
:
hey you!!
WonderCon, wait for me!!!
Kris Kringle really lives in the North Pole.
But he doctorves a 1984 Ford Tempo  he delivers Pizza instead of working in a mgiacal toy shop
Congrats on the Dove Award!!!!
haha probably.
The 9:30 was pretty empty though!
The lady at Kohls today said as I was checking out, these doctorsses are gorgeous, do you work in an office?
HAHAHAHA!.
;
What do I have to do to be rich?
Dayum, this work shit is for the birds....smh
aha I Busted Out Laughing!!!
it was useful!
I joined the pilot team for my library's digital project lab, and I work with tech and youth services
haha I can tell.
Go to sleep!
x
Thanks for the thanks!
Unintentionally watching NewGirl.
It is very not good.
For the next 7 hours swing by Wahoo's Fish Taco and get the deal shown here: Free Meal  Wahoo's TODAY!
knowing 0 it is very informative.
I just found a number of friends/groups using it.
U?
RT : mojowebinar is...
hey wanna go out and get some pizza?
This just in ...
PresidentObama will addoctorss the Jorge Posada crisis at 8pm during a televised addoctorss to the nation.
RT , the Center for Victims of torture advocates to end torture and helps victims and survivors.
Great group.
I'm about to doctorg Justin on that stage.
Now I aint judging, Im just saying, quit putting on a fake look.It's a problem if people only know youre a Christian through your Facebook.
havent been online for three days coz i have so much to study but it looks like i've missed out some BIEBER stuff.
I'm going back in an hour for Zumba lol
Alright, Sox..
ya done good...
I love how you make us smile with every tweet, especially this one : Swaggy Believer For Ever
Well, gonna leave with Ivonne soon.
I think I look ugly, but then again, I can't just make myself look pretty if I can't find my contacts.
not cool yo.
The Cavs will need how many lottery picks it takes to get the right players.
Don't have many trade assets.
Thx for creating this.
We're compiling 9/11 reflections.
to What were you doing on 9/11?
Book proceeds go to charity.
Throw your arms around the world at Christmas time!
Nice one bubba....
we can't throw them a party cuz they r too antisocial but we must take them to the park : and make them a cake MommasBoys
Braised Beef, Turnip Greens, Roasted Carrots, Salad  Cookie...our new TV diner, starts today!
Get  it!
404.681.4434
doctor Dietz showed great photos of what a typical American eats or ate now, and a half century ago.
What the hell, go ahead and put all your eggs in one basket.
Im Thanking God for favor!
many thanks for the K yesterday.
Have a great weekend!
ooohhh how is it!?
I've been wanting to read it but Barnes and Noble was sold out!
Oh LoL Ok, Damn Technology Has Come A Long Way..
Salute Fam Thankz For Answering My Question!
Curse you agencies for not having one complete 50 states delimited text file of data, forcing me to download 50 states individually
I don't speak it fluently D; I know how to say little things though lol
Apparently we are having a pre party.....
8 cars pulled up...
I love my peeps
doctorck as hell, no throwing up
sounds perfect.
Interested in the overall event, a pdf, or a page/web with all info?
Ed Hardy's new tagline  A sea of douche.
Everybody walking around like a multicolor Massengill nightmare.
haha yeah man.
You're on the right track
bo!
Happy Halloween!
...
I'm going as a GIRAFFE!
Lol!
Agree!
My ears bleed when she comes on the radio.
Talentladen Bellator 60 Card Invades The Venue at Horseshoe Hammond on Friday, March 9
There's still time to get yourself, brother, sister, parents and/or relative a tee at allWIdoiswin.com
I Hear A Baby Crying O.o
SamBangs Lost all respect for tonight.
Wow.
Super bitch nonsense behind the scenes of
I've really been trying to win this contest!
Haha
shhh!
That can't be good for business.
16 die in attack on Nigeria church
oh bro!
Apparently the dude that was singing offkey just found  commented on my blog, or someone else who is just overly paranoid.
Hey!
If you out here in AZ, come visit me!
: I'll buy 1st round!
ahhahhaah ok night 
Even guys want that even if some of us act to hard to admit it
Print is sustainable, Print is effective  print CAN BE enviro friendly.
As an industry we're ahead of the pack
Black swan3
2Chainz is killing the game.
And God said Let there be coffee..
This stuff is Fucking amazing though right!?
L!VE Recording Tonight  Summer Breeze Concert Series  Takoma Station  Tweet For Complimentary admission
lol.
Well I wouldnt call it messing with
aw, you do not want to hear, lay out on beach, have sunburn, bike ride to city, now working on projects, the perfect day ;
Can you create video replies to reviews?
Thus creating a pseudointeractive dialogue
Excited for the Hooshot and After the Fall showcase tonight at Lava Jay's at 8.
Then ours tomorrow night!
Sad That I Gotta Sit Here And Worry Bout My Personal Stuff Will Get Broke Or Not!
Can't Live Like This!
woah.
Your gorgeous!:
haha, hope that mystery didn't come w/ a headache this morning!
hahahaha.
Yea rite.
Did u listen to the song??
Wat u think about it..
Yes ...ready to go to bed lol ....wayne some better ...I just ignore ....u ok?
HE'S NOT REAL!!
RT : Screw this Sarah Phillips BS, I want to know who  RHancock19 really is.
What she didn't offer to Lend a Hand?
i know i would of ..
I just listened to your voicemail.
You're awesome and I thought I'd share that with the world of Twitter.
I saw that!
Thanks!
Sad you can't be at the event :
In other news, my sister notified me of a methlab literally on my street
Road closings are from 7:00 am 2:00 pm.
Enjoy your weekend!
Were my niggaz at
Next release calgary will focus on bigdata paas mobile and BI /analytics.
alright, go ahead!
:D
Damn!
Awake in the middle of the nite!
I knew I should have taken my full dose of sleep meds!
You're welcome!
hey thanks for following : have you checked out our music?

hopy guys had a great show!
Hope to see you guys play before your tour!
i love your music and your style...
You are my favorite female vocalist...
oh freaking hell i feel dumb now..
Anderson U Mobile eli2012 Three groups of faculty learners: Discovers, explores, innovators
I think I am addicted now too
Whats the weather like everywhere else??
It's sunny and 75 degrees here in LA!
I'm doing great, how are you?
Hope you have a nice weekend coming up.
:
NamesForMyChildoctorn Hey, Hey You, Hey You Little Dude.....
Thank you...hopefully it won't be too bad, especially as it's close.
Lmao!
RT : Sometimes I look at what someone is wearing and I can't help but think, bitch did you give up on life?
Happy Birthday Ian..
You are an amazing guy and thank you for creating ISF 3 Hope you have a wonderful day
Browns You just got bitch slapped.
You didn't see the 300lbs purple jersey?
wtf are you serious?????
that had to be the cutest thing i've seen today.
Thanks for your support and for joining us at the show.
Who else owns a large record collection?
I have over 3500 dance and hiphop records from 70's til now.
has now joined twitter!!!!
Now I wish that I could have this Moment 4 Life, 4 life.
Saying Wassup Is Like Martin Payne.
Choose Your Friends Wisr.
Cause if you dont hanging with them is the most dangerest thing.
Be wise.
I just got told to rectify everything.psssh...ive been doctornkin all day, id rather wreck everything
Brightened my day : Thank you!
Have a beautiful day, BOSS!
I would sell my first born for that opportunity.
Haha!
First trip to last night for Valentines Day, and have to say it was definitely all it's cracked up to be.
Top notch!
Have you tried our Jimmy Burger?
It has Pimento Cheese, Applewood Smoked Bacon, and Jalapeno Jelly.
It leaves some speechless.
Pretty Woman.....Willy Wonka!
LMBO How am I doing?!?
The honor is mine!
well i would consider it!
:
Reading about very cool things going on with  event management software solutions.
This fact or faked show just got real.
here there everywhere, running late, early and not running at all.
Should have time to catch up tomorrow
Just saw a rainbow!
Awesome.
yep, it's fixed....for now.
Did I just say I was excitedhappy?
That's kinda awesome.
LGBT Civil Rights March/Rally DC.
Check facebook messages.
Thx Wanda!
Woot!
and still have Archie Bradley who is probably gonna be the best of all them a couple years away
I think if the Heat don't win this year I'm going to cry for LeBron.
LMAO!
smokin good ish?
: You, sir, are insane.
RT : The Jets may have the best receiving corps in football.
well im the therapist so i say how much an hour :D
one day!
Hell yea yu had me on hold for a while lol
Lots of work this week designing/ bidding green roof  living wall projects.
Xtra long Memorial weeknd white water rafting on the Kern River
hoping its not to late to prepare for the worst...
Today Show finds the important stories covering local CO HS yearbook editorial review process.
You have a girlfriend.
I don't know why that is so hard to get through my head.
Easter Sunday Mother's receive complementary unlimited mimosas, kids under 10 enjoy a free entree off the kids menu!
Easter Bunny at Brunch!
oh LAWD.
how long is that gonna go on for?
Be nice and smile to everyone you meet.
You don't know what they are going through, and they may need that smile.
And treasure it.
this is totally going to be me next week.
Except I'll be staring wondering why the urinals are in the women's room.
What?!
Maybe u should stop doctornking
alright then.
At the skylines new album.
3 sex to my ears.
na he nice, that's my dude
mchale Rockets!
Now he/they just need some players.

AlexisNiki See you at this weekend!
I am not a sifi chic!
Oh lordy!
These next 2 hrs are gonna be harsh!
a few days late but, bitc does indeed look awesome, either way I'm happy to see systems programming move forward!
We have bubblers, or corner water markets in the hood.
Take your pick.
Going to a funeral today.
Ugh it's supposed to be cold and rainy.
;
ONE MORE DAY OF HELL !
I here about the new pitcher for the Nationals is really great Strasburg , maybe I should paint a ball of their new field.
Happy Easter
The Sept/Oct edition of 's VOICE: An Immigration Dialogue is out.
Please read immigration stories: bit.ly/rrUyPz
I asked about global question...let's talk next break.
No, but the mac  cheese at is delicious.
thanks for the follow :
When we have 1000 followers on twitter, we're going to pick ONE lucky follower to win a new Ipod Touch!
Better RT this!
Got my seafood fix awesome!
Would you expect anything else
Beware of these PMs...
I saw a real bad blog about you, you seen this?
It hacks your twitter acct.
I clicked on it earlier today.
Sorry.
Occupy protesters say they're going to take over bankowned property in NE Portland tomorrow  will stay indefinitely.
and all the boys and most of the girls pushed me and tamia away before we hit her ...
My 3for1 blockbuster in the 'Sports Illustrated  Friends' league is complete: I gave up Jose Reyes/Gio Gonzalez/Ricky Romero for CarGo
Move Confident, Hit Hard, Celebrate with Class and real Champions give back and hold it down for the streets and the poor people
SPECIAL DISCOUNT: Don't miss our special offer: take any 3 or more workshops over 49 in April and save 20.
Just got a 3TB hard doctorve :: SO NEEDED!!
My other six are full lol...
All work and no play makes arod a dull boy  and I am really feeling like a dull boy right now  I need a break!
how'd the callback go????
Sexy mama :
I think that and both compile those.
haha...
Sorry...
Yeah we were but I was sort of half yelling half giggling...
And then we were all gasping for air and laughing
And that's the difference between a man and a boy
You have to be a fuck to girls these days to make them want you.
Maybe it's about that time.
Ditto!
I always look forward to your inspiring tweets!
You rock!
We're at the Moksha Festival all day today at the Broad Stage in Santa Monica.
Swing by for an ice cold !
Make it a wonderful Friday anna weekend!
up like i aint got work at 9am.
smh
read receipts dont lie
you guys are the real a past unknown or your are fake.
To avoid situations in which you might make mistakes may be the biggest mistake of all.
McWilliams, Peter
WOW.
Unreal finish in Philly!!!
U just ruined the surprise everyone was excited for!
Like anarchism?
Like science fiction?
You'll probably like us!
any update on the server issues?
I can't get to my reading plan on iOS!
THIS IS BRINGING BACK SO MANY MEMORIES IM DYING GUISE
Conner Smith is a punk.
great tips..
thanks
Four hours later...still in the atl airport waiting on our plane to show...need a bed or a dj....what's up?!
Oh.
well they only have
Daily GTKY question: Whats the best comic book movie to date?
oh ok awesome.
Just text me when you get there so I can meet you : I'll probably be by the merch table anyway lol.
who called you that?
If you should come here?
Yes.
haha i try n it seems to always fall back to me 
Hell yeah!
Got All That Remains stuck in my head.
Nah.
Then what bait would we use to get people to follow us on social media or join our email list?
Bwahhaha.
; 
Courageous is an absolutely amazing film.
Go see it.
may i ask you something
Hcg Side Effects Wiki
Wow, 0 following and followers.
Something is wrong with Twitter.
can you DoIt like i DoIt ?
...every breath they take seems like a gift from Santa Claus.
They say, Never trouble trouble till trouble troubles you.
I wish I knew the ratio to which Arizona tea mixed Tea and lemonade in their Arnie Palmies :'
Smith broke a heel let's take a timeout!
oh, we got yer wet rub!
SOMEONE HaCKED MY ACCOUNt!!!
Forgettingnsarah marshall in so I should be able to gets some Z's .
That movie puts me to sleep everytime
Getting bored of da ordinary quotes?
Den u shud follow now 4more unique quotes.
My tires have an odd attraction to potholes.
: lunch time Fort Wayne  what are you eating today?
Anything out of the ordinary?
//Picnic with the family today
i was actually thinking about getting shrooms this weekend
No where at my school do they turn on the AC, now it's being too Eco friendly.
Realization: I've gotten to the age where, when I'm in a crowd, everyone looks kind of familiar.
wow shouldn't have been fired!!
You're just embarrassing yourself.
I missed it D: uh I'm so mad
shall we??
It means that this round of ArtPlace grant apps was extremely competitive.
More ppl want to do this work than AP can fund
so jealous!
sounds like it'll be a great time!
have fun!!
Now comes the Frankenstein scene.
Only it's more like the book than the movie.
Kameron Lowe being sent into a thankless shitstorm?
I'm shocked...
lol you prolly have something to funny to say lol i know the only funny thing on you cant be your head lol jk ..
Haha teachers don't tell me to get off my phone as you text lol.
Hey San Diego!
I'm playing on Monday, 2/20/2012 pm.
See Y'all.
Just like Michael, I'll be there.
Happy Fat Tuesday.
:
its going 2b so good!
RT another literary/music night w/ help of featuring fav author Joe Meno.
nah man, its cuz he is in New York
The Webinars that are free could have a PayPal donation button.
there's a storage space below the stairwell for you to live in.
Stupid bus stopped running
sent to u text..
i was like o oh
I know you have almost 11millionfollowers but i'm sure Someday you will follow me.
Maybe today  87
Time to head to Louisville
Am I gudd girl
Hey, I like the new blue you.
happy birthday!
I just walked by OccupyDC and I must say that they are AWESOME!
I just really wanna unload all my feelings on here but I don't want everybody at school to know what's going on in my brain.
yes: ...no no, no need to take off your uniforms : let us buy you a doctornk for saving our lives :
I'm developing a plan of attack, the objective is 2 get people 2 spend money for a tix 2 a summer sequel, on a comedy show instead.
Get me?
Oh Yeah!!
Boston takes Best Chef Northeast  Congrats Tim Cushman from o ya 
hop off my dick inspector davis
CanIBeHonestWithYou you probably think I like you but chances are I don't.
The sad moment when the sign says leaving from milltown lol.
I love milltown.
yeah.
Terminal cancer...
Mark Zuckerberg?
Although I'd need to get a green hoodie :S
If Darrell Waltrip makes one more Ricky Bobby comment, I'm afraid Will Ferrell will quit acting and Talladega will stop hosting races.
Great way to close The AMA's.
killed it!
so I should stop coding my mobile sites in the WAP protocol?
Yes, only if she can really put it behind her.
He's human.
Forgiving is possible, but forgetting is hard as hell.
Aguirre is the last hope for the Panthers in the 9th, down 3.
Insurance said that we can stay somewhere , hotel and submit receipts...
In freakishly good mood considering I'm starting a detox tomorrow.
Looking forward to powdered wood chips  Dino kale sludge!
Now within the city limits, but what the heck is going on on the Bay Bridge today?!
Up early
not happening!
We should be able to text 911.
You know, just in case you're hiding from a psycho killer and you can't talk.
thanks for the shout!
Knowing there's a NO!!!
doesn't help.
Happiness is in your hands.
But what if ur hands been tied..
Childish gambino is being streamed live on youtube
Scotty since you are under 18 do your parents go with you on tour?
it's brunch, duh
Another day another dollar....
There's nothing wrong with being shallow as long as you're insightful about it
20thingsaboutme is polo!!!!
Great teamwork and team unity makes things happen more than anything else in organizations, More than skills, processes, policies, more tha
we're playing again Trio Faze may 26th i think Hills Cafe..
i thought we were on cinco de mayo too at diff club i let u know
you guys were in Ap  R section YEAH!!!!!!
for sure man!
It was good seeing you..maybe see you at battle royale?
RT : I watch Hoarders to feel better about myself that no one has been in my place and seen how cluttered and insane it is.
Fete for longtime curator Clark Center today!
BBQ and everything that goes with it.
And Lincoln Logs!
And cake!
embarrassing myself on omegle.
all day, all night
taped to the light pole
Haha, I got a 2nd channel just upload videos that don't even belong on my 1st channel.
I will never create more than 2.
news just in...cannon and ball launching the panto  Aladdin.
CW Richmond is here!
Hazards of playing Words with Friends: they will all discover what they suspected all along: that you are a bit of an idiot.
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful Moms out there!
Love it!
RT : Thanks for the follow!
I'm a proud supporter of the Project.
Sunset Sessions Rock.
Who's in?
You too man!!
Mike Mullin telling VP Biden to keep it up with the Rosary...Classic
I wonder if I have love  basketball on DVD lol
me to i love my friends how weird they are and funny i wish austin would come here though
Happy Valentine's Day Everybody
i thought it went well, i fixed the leak, but i just noticed one in a bolt i replaced, need to tighten..hopefully that's all..
Come on CSURams!
So excited to see local teams in the tourney, can't wait for tonights game as well!
Not doctornk jay
I think the goal is to post zeroes.
No?
SR said it was a regular cast member, right?
Our friendship won't ever be the same again...
Dallas,TX Need females for photoshoot.
No nudity.
Pay is 500 dollars.
I was in highschool when Columbine happened.
Man im salty my lil cuz took his own life...
rip lil cuz
Dude, me too.
your to good of a man to get on that level leave that for the birds
So happy the reached their goal of 3,450 donors this week!
The total goal of 5,000 doesn't seem so far away!
sweet!
Ru on tour for the summer?
my alltime favorite comic superhero is Magik  maybe because she could teleport and has a sword.
next are Batman and Marshal Law, tied.
So apparently Skype has been sitting hung at 100 CPU usage for the last hour, and I've missed some messages.
Fantastic.
have fun!!
You'll do great I know it :
GASP blasphemy!
Hope one of these stations call me...ill go any where
Yes!
RT : Agree!!!
RT : I feel so lucky to live in a city that has a lake amp; a beautiful http://...
Fun time at ompf.
Lots of people I dig.
Always forget how damn much I love the space.
never trust a chick the second time around u bond to get kick in the nu
Take a risk and enjoy the fall.
helps to improve alertness and
Follow back hun?:
interview!
loveher miss that concert.
People eat what they can afford, there's no yuck in that.
Your line?
If you are coming to auditions tomorrow, retweet this message.
Dork/small world factor re: ?
Her husband/business partner sold me my new iMac.
Since they can't get volunteers to doctorve to Indy for a project, the society can't get volunteers.
Uggg!
ohh did ya find it on YouTube??
o i c.
Lol
Don't  it's THAT bad.
Check out this show!
Black in Latin America Haiti  Dominican Republic: An Island Divided,
Wildavsky key to innovation and economic growth free flow of people and ideas
If your parents call you a liar, remind them about the Tooth Fairy  Santa Claus ....
Then walk away like a boss
young money is on riding Kobe dick cuz doctorke said the same shit
Watching the bachelor from last night, and cannot handle how awkward Jamie was.
I can't even watch.
RT: To b yourself in a world constantly trying to make u something else is the greatest accomplishment.
RalphWaldoEmerson
Hahahah how does you tweeting that make me a stalker?
Lmao Brady your crazzyyyyy
Finally back in the A!
Want vegetarian meals but didn't reserve when you registered?
Stop by registration before the end of the day to request.
And that's why I can't ask you.
Really really really great movie
so did Atticus and Zane.
They were singing along to the old songs.
Niggas ain't loyal, niggas ain't loyal  these voices in my head saying these niggas ain't for you
Nothing good ever trends.
I give it 1 more year before it's gone.
: I say this as a nonuser, though!
Who loves orange soda.?
kel loves orange soda!
Sitting in detention...
who's that?
Recruiters check out www.theladders.com now allow recruiters free search and postings!
Woo Hoo!
Thx Ladders!
: couldn't have asked for a better group of people to spend the night with
aw but I like the gay you lol
Pioneer Introduces Its Most Powerful Internal BDXL/BD/DVD/CD Recordable doctorve
Free carwash day!
I think the local sourcing movement started in CA b/c the growing season there is longer.
Yearround strawberries!
Luxury.
yep, they're all back.
You'll notice the music is a little more popleaning again too.
13 hour days are best closed out with good music and a glass of wine.
In a bar and woman just asked bartender if there was a pay phone around.
I just landed in 1974.
Wonder if Idaho politicians knew if the fetus they wanted to save is gay, would they still fight for its rights?
Testing with students, writing ETRs, and parent meetings.
Oh, my!
It must be a Monday.
:
ready for the movies
That was DANK.
loved it!
Second half was super fun!
i mite slide Want some more ink
Oh, mom.
I enjoyed today even though you all made me feel horrible at midday.
Our happy hour just ended, but our sister bar has it going on until 8:00PM
Moneybags McGee
Life's to short to even care at all.
Woah oh.
no NBA ON THANKGIVING DAY I SAY THESE NIGGAS IS GREEDY
my doctoram consisted of zombieswerewolves.
I was also doctoraming about the lion king scene where mufasa was going to die but I saved him :,
Chicken Parmesan Is My Favorite
keep eating!
What are you going to do to stay fit this week?
Hah, just put on the nyr vs wsh game  the rangers immediately score.
Thanks Susan
Dex: If Cinderella's shoe fit perfectly then how did it fall off in the first place?
Me: Good Question....
MikeLupica is so full of shit.
On sports reporters in Dec., he said Braun's camp leaked the positive test result.
Where's the proof?
Wait  totally random: How much longer are you in Chicago?
Happy Easter!
Or Passover, or whatever you believe in...
Embrace that you need to be back to life again.
:
what is the perfect location?
thanks for the retweet.
Would really love to have the chance to chat again.
We're working really, really hard.
I Followed Please Follow mee!!
:
wait, are you at my house?
And why are my kids calling you 'mama'?
What she said  excited for who is going to kick some 5k booty tomorrow.
Can't wait to hear about your PR girl!
once you follow me too HAHA XD don't worry i'll follow you, just tweet me xx
Happy Birthday!!
: xx
I'm all set up and ready or business at the Indy Christmas Gift and Hobby Show todaySun.
Save 50 on your ezWalker Performance Insole!...
Finally visited new American wing at only to be technologically owned by a little girl.
Still love the period room touch screens!
blocSTAR RT : It still trips me out that people ask for my autograph.
Every time I get a new follower on Instagram, I be like who this, how they even, seriously?...
Welcome and to AlliClass!
Follow along tonight JCSwithBAO SUinNYCTheater for tweets during talk back w/ cast of Jesus Christ Superstar starring a alum!
hey punk I miss you!
Why am I cutt off again???
Rise  Grind!
That is all.
Rise and grind....you know i am on it
xD I'm sorry lol, you'll get food eventually
RT : !
RT : Zeng Jinyan just told me Chen called her asking outsiders' help, said he wanted whole family to leave PRC
lol Are u tryin to say on twitter that you let me win???
Things I want to do tonight: Go see The Maine.
Things I won't do tonight: Go see The Maine.
Hey hope all of you had a wonderful weekend
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger 3
waldo is
Black out.
My laptop and my phone need charging.
Has anyone ever eaten at Boutique Eat Shop in Manhattan?
is it expensive?
Good Morning all, its dark and wet, but it still has the potential to be a beautiful day!
I seriously can't wait for TurnToYou !!!!!!
; it WILL be 1 on iTunes : 3 RT
lol go to sleep
U know the truth, when u have a pit in your stomach.
That just won't go away.
We go on around 8 everybody!
Be there :
we should be open within a couple weeks!
Be ashamed of yourself Brian Kelly your a complete joke take your so called talents back to Cincinnati
Physical training is good, but training for godliness is much better, promising benefits in this life and in the life to come.
Timothy 4;8
My grandma died tonight.
I will always miss you, oma :/ you were the best grandma in the world.
I thought was him!
Thanks so much for the follow!
Tht Heat game affected my whole mood
Why am I surprised every time my bf said he did something athletic?
Looking forward to some great auditions.
get money
iPod on random means sets of 1960's onehits, Keha bubblepop, DJ Shadow in the 90's...and easily the Animaniacs soundtrack next.
Congrats to for becoming our 250th follower!
3
oh I'm sure he NOTICES.
I mean, CMON.
LBJ's HAIRLINE has it's own twitter LOL
ML: Evangelicals don't see themselves as a conserving influence.
They see themselves as reformers
Alright, , I was wondering if this was a subject, today
Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good.
Giants reliever Guillermo Mota is suspended 100 games for violating MLB's doctorg policy.
I'm here for the weekend but I go back to GA today.
ill be moving here on the 15th
All I need is for these next few weeks to go by quickly.
I'm ready to start the new chapter in my life.
hahaha: i think ur the only person who noticed that tweet!
BestLeapEver is seeing my tweet on espn2, haha, love the channel and your show is fantastic!!!
congrats Rob, I have really enjoyed following your training.
Enjoy those cookies, I only get to eat carrots the whole week
Listening to Gabe Zichermann at Winning Strategies
luckily for my head, I'm on the shady side of the hotel!
Do you share your signature meal with Ava?
yeah they have some fuckin problems!
Great seeing tonight !
Get ready Denver for doctornkLocal!
thanks so much!
I hope the room is in Paris.
hi out there I'm Bord i need someone to talk to.
anybody talk to me.
No, but it is a bit tricky to overlay task management on top of data entry
R.I.P.
MCA of the Beastie Boys
/40 yrs go by with someone laying in your bed...40 yrs of things you say you wished you'd never said/
I'm getting a true Dose of Disneyland in one week!
WILL MAKE NEXT WEEK EPIC!
Jut got my copy of chopsticks in the mail, yes!
So far I'm loving it!
Rain is the best cuddle weather C
crunch time..
will i make it?
don'tknow
kind of a bummer of a day...our womens hockey team lost in national championship game...to the Gophers.
Still a great season!!
is gross!
talking about doctorpping her nasty farts and shits!
O!
We want to hear: Submit your language love stories to !
thx to the motivation of every season of the biggest loser and you I've lost 27lbs
: nowplaying Payphone  Maroon 5 I LOVE THAT SONG :D I love you guys too :D
We're recruiting candidates for an Accounting position in the Downtown area.
For details, call us  4142724544 or apply !
hey chicago go check out the moon...
it's orange!
Your emotions are the most presentcentred thing you have.
It is true though.
He really just isn't real.
You're in the mood for a burger, aren't you?
Come by and have one of our scrumptious creations.
McDonald's ain't got nothin' on us...
Was talking to a neighbor at the front of my house and Kimi came up to get rubs and give head butts.
I got a castle in County Steve you can use whenever you want.
compared to how you normally talk.
np doctorke ft.
Rick RossLord Knows
planning my move into the new place.
where will I put all my books and stuff without any furniture?
The last reason to buy a Ford is now dead.
RIP Carroll Shelby.
RT : Cancers love to be naked or half naked in their homes.
NICE.
took a growler of the pale on Tuesday.
Bestplace in
Sweet Frog for lunch..peach and strawberry was good
PR lesson of the week, mombloggers are the nicest!
It was good!
I love it here!
Bummed I missed the earthquake on the east coast though.
Twitter definitely makes it more interesting!
Looking to start reading Google book zero moment of truth.
Good or bad read?
i'm in walmart
you are blaming the victim.
I am a college graduate and if I follow your logic by wearing my school hoodie makes me a target
yeah twitter is pretty awesome
you really need to turn up the bass and turn down the hype man
RT RACO 2010 will be held Wednesday May 12, 2010 at the Ronald Reagan building in Washington, DC.
Save the date!
No one kill me anytime soon because I don't want to die as a coward.
I can't wait to see your adorable face on my tv!
It's recorded :D
No joke!
She'll probably LOOK at a cinnamon roll and gain the 20lbs.
back.
Pfffft.
Cool man!
We should have one coming out soon  will definitely keep you posted!
youl if I can get on both of those spots
How Many Storage Vendors Should You Have?
People who complain over stupid stuff 
Gonna be a beautiful day in Houston...come out this evening and have some fun.
Zuma Fun Center is open from 48p.m.
.
watching TheWay on Netflix!
Everyone should see this film!
: Thanks for checking brunch out, what did you think of the sandwich?
Thanks!
gratitude : Hey girlie girl, congrats on your new job, that's so exciting!
Mormon Church announces plans to posthumously baptize Mitt Romney's presidential campaign.
Get 50 off your custom nutrition plan plus a discount on AMAZING muscle gain and weight loss supplements.
LeonFitness.com for more info!!
Become a great producer/engineer.
Thank you for your inspiration!
RT : Sunday  Service Industry Night 30 off for all service industry workers
11 RT : What time does the gala end on Saturday?
Oh my I have a 100 followers now.
Yay for me.
Terry Porter RT : 15 secs left in the game and tied at 91.
Which Blazer you want with the ball?
Think I might watch ReAnimator today in celebration of Easter.
What, too soon?
I don't remember giving a fuck.
Feelin like a proud mama!
My three year old just picked a plum over fruit snacks!!!
I don't understand how people can have sex with someone just to have sex, not because they love them.
It boggles my mind
Don't forget the stickers and temporary tattoos
Guessing Manning and Tebow were supposed to be there.
Two high professorle departures in the last couple weeks.
How does Chris Brown have a career?
Ugh, I don't get 'pop'.
We are so close to turning the corner.
We just need to correct a few little details.
My kids play hard and compete!
BSF class starts tonightstudying Gospel of John.
Noel, Poythress, Goodwin, and Cauley are all great additions but people are forgetting about Ryan Harrow being eligible next year too!
DontCare If u hate me
Never say goodbye because, saying goodbye means going away , and going away means forgetting.
Peter Pan 3
FB RT: Tamara Evans is now the offical owner of a Masters in Library  Information Studies.
HOORAY  congrats Tamara!
hey man wuts up
Come visit the Main Library every Thursday in February at 10:10am or 11am for Whistlestop Storytime.
For more information call 2824607.
my brother did just pee off the balcony ..
First time at the shake shack.
Inhaled my burger in 2 minutes.
I'm like a bird is the ultimate anthem.
GOOD MORNING MY TWEETY PIES MWAH!!!
There is no sight on earth more appealing than the sight of a woman making dinner for someone she loves.
I need to go to the mall
I know.
Text me back fool :
Seahawks just became my 2nd favorite NFL team.
Hung out with everyday this break and it still hasnt seemed like enough!
that's well put: but the thing is that even in OWS I get very little sense of that except from a minority of people
Thanks for the connection.
The sandwiches have looked home/hotelmade!
Archives: Where hunger for history  lunchtime frugality go hand in hand.
Do not dwell in the past.
Do not doctoram of the future.
Concentrate the mind on the present moment  Siddhartha Buddha
I hope my westlake buddies are coming to the meet on saturday lol...i hope they bring me food too
Quiet, nontalkative baristas make me sad.
You work in coffee, damnit, be perky!
I like my baristas like my tweepop: overwhelmingly happy!
yep im ready :
I have been waiting for you could tweet me but you did not tweet me I feel :
SomethingILearnedLongAgo follow your first thought.
im so cold ehhh
Big Fan Much RESPECT!!!!
You've had so many cute professorle pic changes lately.
Like you're a spring bud, blooming a bit more daily.
25 off your whole order for those who want to grab gear tonight or tomorrow.
RT and I'll DM you the code.
I could do this forever...
I'm not quite sure how that would turn out but it'll probably keep you entertained any way it goes haha
Jade's 1st Birthday party is today !
Aww my baby is growing up so fast
Yeah.
Well, I got it at midnight on the 17th.
Then the next day I convinced my mom to let me stay home from school so
Happy Easter to all!
your welcome!
love you too:
Love you 2
Turkey RIP
We'll be taking questions by tweet all day!
Tell us about your opinions, predictions, and ideas in regards to the
Been told Don't worry about Texas budget shortfall.
At nielsenduke is suggesting that senior researchers should do the more risky things because younger scholars can't take risks.
you said that after the FG
send me some waffles, bitch 
awesome thanks!
Good Morning!
It's Friday!
What a Fantastic week!
What are your plans for the weekend?
We have the Werst Halloween Party tomorrow!
is everyone ready for tebow time today Go broncos!!!!
Are you watching it?
I think it's hilarious!
I'm down to go take a visit haha
Greensboro , NC!!
We are performing tonight at the Greene Street Club!!
Doors at 5!
ThingsIReallyCantStand when people are constantly tweeting about how high they are
haha.
I like your office!
And Diaz severely misplayed a ball in right, where Heyward should be.
May god judge you harshly for your bigotry
As a teacher, Rob has used Evernote to document and assess student learning and progress.
Then he discusses with student.
Thanks for the follow Can I have your Twitter handle?
Gaaaah, why are some guys so Damn thirsty!
A white person told me she couldn't understand what I was saying becuz I had a black accent...wtf!!???0o
just wanted to make sure we were hearing the same rumors
Deus Ex Machina  Literally God from a machine, describes a miraculous or fortuitous turn of events in a work of fiction
Goldsmith's First Contact score was pretty awesome too.
Insurrection and especially Nemesis by contrast blew chunks.
between hurricane and harbor as both claim to save her.
was it Lawrie or Gamel?
Or both?
You got people that's around you, they gone try they best to down you.
Keep them squares up out your circle!
Wheels down for A final B1G road record of 63 is a great accomplishment.
Huge team effort today against OSU!
Tequila shot howdy Slange ladies!
Damn.
Can't see SUPERMOON from balcony in Coconut Grove.
Could someone come over and rotate my condo!?!?
How the hell am I supposed to fit this family size lasagna into my kid's easy bake oven?
Thanks for the love, all!
Didn't make it this time but had such a blast!
:
Thanks for the shoutout!
cool, thanks!
a few people recommended them...made an apt for Friday :
I just saw someone using a pay phone.
That's weird, right?
I like it like that
nope : have you ?
Couldn't do it without awesomeness of and RT : I think the branding on is beautiful!
Q5 Pinterest is the visual story teller!
It's a socialPR branding and SEO opportunity
going to the doctor.
again.
damn i hate being sick.
You're a daisy if you do!
hi how r u doing can u add me on facebook
Tyler The Creator is perfect for Punkd
People still wait to go out on friday nights?
I do what I want
How to make it a GREAT day  To be successful, you have to be able to relate to people; they have to be satisfied with your personality to
wait.
What.
You're joking.
lmaooooo this is why we get along, your so random,
yeah my brother buildt me a pc
attention all real niggas be at erotic tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Playing doctorw something:
Considering NL pitchers bat all the time, inter league play, and the WS for that matter, only favors A.
I'll join the chorus: The Band changed my view of music forever.
God bless you, Levon Helm.
Tomorrow it may change
I know I should go and see 1900 at the New Beverly, but I just don't know if I'm up for a 5hour movie.
It's okay.
Not at all, I dont have any time until this weekend...
finals and Encore!
on Friday.
SCORE.
No Leiabuns for me!
What a nice day!
Spend it with the gf maybe?
worst nap of my life..
Never.
We love when people talk to us hahaha

Would you be interested in speaking at the 2009 Engagement and Experience Expo, it seems to be a good fit for u?
I would have said influx but technically I think that's golden hill.
that's what my neighbors keep telling me.
Have to respect what he's done RT : Rick Pitino is the best coach in college basketball hands down ..
My wife is leaving for a business trip on Sunday.
She has, coincidentally, increased our renters' insurance.
All that was missing was some hot tea to get me going.
The coffee just didn't do it.
;
Twitter suggests people follow me, so they do.
They read my tweets.
When the butler wakes them with smelling salts, they unfollow
I'm using Everybody Needs a Rock  Byrd Baylor
Lol Im Bout To Carry This Cause Im Mad .
Time for a little Saturday early afternoon Mozart.
Followed by an afternoon run to new tunes.
And then live
Good grief!
That's crazy.
Glad you guys are okay.
I'm honored
yummy!
Extra spicy please
Is there a hiphop spoken word show tonight at 8?
Me asking you to leave wasn't telling you how angry I am..
Are you sure you wanna explanation!?
Anything good isn't coming out of this!!
There is a lot going on in just the synopsis of your book.
You should add some cow bell though.
Is that what geniuses do?
I just carry them around in my head until they're ready to come out.
It's how I've always worked.
O a birthday tweet I love it
you are the nicest person I know so you deserve it :
Great call today with  ; forming a powerpacked group of entrepreneurs and process folks.
Watch for this to build
: Shout out to my man for helping me out today.
rivercitiesfinest.
BEERLEIVE IT!!!
I know n it sux!
The Pacer's suck smfh lol
Rolen had made Votto a much better 1st baseman
your really ganna go there with me right now ?!
SaNanay hold my shit !
c;
Thanks for the RT!
If only all teachers were more like cartoon characters.
YES!
My day has been made!
c:
Waiting for the other shoe to doctorp with this weather thjng.
I have a feeling it's still coming.
Subtle of Google to put a Disable Buzz link right underneath their copyright and Terms  Privacy in Gmail's footer.
Don't mind if I do.
ohyoudidntknow If yu can't change the people around you, change the people around you..
That's a worthwhile motto for life and hot chocolate.
RT : It never hurts to stop  enjoy.
Harry Potter soundtrack pandora  a cup of British Tea imported by now time to tackle some math homework.
Her gimmick is AWESOME!!!
And she's freakin GREAT as a heel.
lol i'm good
Officially quit my job 
Neva knew tracey beaker was in the film alien lol omg its just like her but, old
I've met with Lynn a few times.
I'll have it fully ready for you by the end of the month :
NW Dead Presidents
Our local shelters are  haven't been taking in cats.In turn,people are doctorpping them off everywhere
Happy Mothers Day!3
sexy picture.
my friend wants to do a song with you, doesn't know where to start in the 1st place..
Got any tips?
Good lunch.
I should have warned you about getting me going on the tech meet up or API's.
:
I hope you appreciated these shoulders last night....today ive been in constant pain : had a freaking blast though!!!

Powerful...Detailed and revelatory investigative reporting.
Booklist says of SILENCEOFMOCKINGBIRDS A memoir of a murder.
: xoxoxo.
See you at Art Bar later.
200 pounds of live crawfish!
Time to get our boil on!
just ok ??
Like our firstborn??
no but Kemp on the DL let me activate Morneau.
Not that it helps in the OF lol
yes I'm in the entertainment industry and have been for 35 years.
Are you looking for a label?
The little asshole on the street sold me an ice cold, uncooked hot dog.
I went back and threw it in his face  demanded a new one
Eating fresh right now
I'm sold!
Hope everyone enjoyed the holiday weekend!
any idea why US achievements aren't showing up?
I'm still at 0 after completing Act 1 last night!
Thought it was slow, but no..
The tongue has the power of life and death
Happy Memorial Day!
fuck this shit adam damn mathai was my favorite
Uuuuughh this morning came much too soon.
Very sad to learn that Pete Fornatale has died.
He will be missedespecially on Saturday evenings.
Thank you for all of the years of music
tweeting while i pee, what's up?
Ok weather lets get this show on the road
Congrats !
Would love 2 invite U 2 BabyBashBling w/mommy fashionista in DC 5/19!
that's great!
may i introduce you to my slushpile of psych ed research projects in various stages of completion??
So...
It is October 28th.
Where the Hell is iTunes Match, ?
Marry me, today and everyday.
Goodnight .
Can't stay awake .
Looks awesome!
Sadly I'm at Stanford : But I've signed up for the group now!
Have a good one!
: Sweet!
Cannot wait to see all the fun and shenanigans next week!
best of best worlds!
choice numba two ;
Megan Fox sexy.
Lol.
Obama Signs NDAA Martial Law....WTF?
Who has red nails for valentinesday ?
I have been doctormmer number two next to the great since highschool.
This man can fucking PLAY
follow me bro

SFR's Twitter is back, starting...
NOW.
Don worry, it will work soon!
At least you tried and I am REALLY Appreciated
No : I'm Doing English Hw
I'm a longhaired/bigbearded/vegan musician/comedy podcaster/writer in L.A.
working in TV.
Don't be shocked my politics lean left.
Looking forward to playing a round sometime
that movie was really say 
Simply Sergio was simply hysterical!
Politians suck..so tired of all of them..
When I opened my eyes again my soul was happy to see this revolution of young women taking pride in the uniqueness of their curly hair.
Alright treat me good today monday
Fitbit has changed my life: no joke.
Down nearly 20 since New Years.
I walk daily and hike at least once a week.
So sad to hear the news about Whitney Houston.
I wanna dance with somebody was rockin in my house for years.
Just spent about 4 hours straight playing Tribes Ascend...
damn, I love this game...
haha that's what I was thinking!
I found it in my house and my mom let me keep it because she knows I don't doctornk.
yea no more sucky Time Warner!!!!
if it works let me know
Getting excited for IBS next month...
will I see you there?
Thank you!
:
I love yall, but I'm gonna start putting folks on the clock and start charging a fee for my services!
LOL But it's done out of love!
how have you been?
why not?
My thoughts and prayers go out to the families, friend and to the teachers of Chardon High School.

OK 1 comment.
If Braun was guilty I'd forgive him  move on.
People don't change..
they either become more..
or less..
of who they always were!
Good morning world
congrats on the new walker.org, very fresh, exciting!
ah temptations!
thats gotta be tough.
i live with the bf, who is also paleo, so it helps a lot  i love to cook!
You aint ready sis....call me after bible study
Reminds me of kids pooing in the bath.
Must be something cozy about doctorpping a deuce in warm water.
Have i not taught you anything.
WalmartEvil!
I still haven't heard shooting mentioned  7 mile  94.
But did hear about 5 vehicles  semi involved
but of course!
LOL!
You're a mess
Galatians 5:24 And they that are Christ's have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts.
yes we do.
We are the best!
it's a song!!!
Haha
LOL used to do that all the time.
I will be in Chicago in July!!
: Ava we both know how much you want to come to FL ; xx
Mike Kerr has a trusty calendar on his computer!
Have you ever tried using antengo to post horses for sale?
Could be interesting...
I am a loyal customer for 10 years plus, can you PLEASE take the filter off my service that slows me down??
Please!!
Prince Royce wishes to do a duet with shakira and he prefers hamburgers than salad : true fact
I'm on your level with that one
haha.
Just dinner.
A movie actually would've made it better lol
: Definitely the The Goonies and Back To The Future.
aw haha its okay
yeah I didn't mean you: your an exception haha!
If assholes could fly, this place would be an airport.
idk what to wear
Looking for your next BIG challenge?
Are you a Dev.
Manager, Sr.
Dev.
Manager, Dir.
of Dev.?
Then I have that next BIG challenge for you.
I would've started watching Boardwalk Empire sooner if I knew Michael Pitt was on it.
I've had a crush on him since I was 11.
Pretty fly for a white guy.
Offspring.
I'm going harder than the opposite of soft things.
Holla once the hook for TC is done!
Bout to go in the heat and cut some grazz
so good!
Im good, and yourself?
I'm in the market for a digital camera  good quality w/out breaking the bank.
Any suggestions?
You the boss, you you you the boss babe.
;
I don't give my addoctorss to civilians.
Sorry sweetie.
Yes you do.
Get on it homie.
:
I just played a 118 point word in Words With Friends.
It's a good day.
that's insane.
I thought she was like, an 8.
So local Red Cross has Twitter, and uses it to say things like Deploying supplies for 75 to disaster scene, lulz!
Good use of funds, dudes
Adam Jones
nope.
I don't.
Don't believe in them.
;
To my beautiful pug Otis up in heaven now...Mommy loves you forever and ever.
Have fun up there...tear it up.
I miss you so much already.
I want that prize.
Very true, there is!
Best wishes in your future.
If you ever want to discuss networking I'm happy to share also.
A windy FF for our beloved and his tweeps:
That's awesome.
Happy Holidays fellow jingle elf!
: just rebathed my son cuz he decided he was going to do 2 twice.lol
Regina Police looking for BB gun perpetrator  News Talk 980 CJME
Blade runner is the most overrated film of all time
Early voting today for voters with religious concerns Call 202 7143368.
RT :
A lot of problems in the world would disappear if we talk to each other instead of about each other.
It's always darkest before the dawn
ALL WR FANSFRIENDS SHOULD GO LIKE The Kymatica

what shoes?
I have internet after 21 days without it!
Lol I was thinking that.
Woodall Rodgers Park Project thinking outside the box A touch of modern europe...cafes that make regulars out of us
I thought it was epic.
Will go down with Madonna's VMA Like a Virgin
I can quit anytime I want!
The older I get, I'm either becoming more of a blatant asshole or my friends  family are since they're blatantly calling me one now.
Great child acting, right?
Definitely a GOONIES feel to it.
RT : SUPER 8 was ok...
1950s by way of 1980s by way of 2011?
Welcome to my Fenway oldpeople nightmare, haters.
Offbeat types audition today.
Was next to a guy with 2 foot long scraggly hair  cooties.
He looked like Cousin It from the Addams Family.
Tired of actors with music hobbies insisting they are serious musicians.
I'm looking at you BillyDudeRobbins.
today is gunna suck!
Already at 40,000 ft before I discovered chilis too made me a quesadilla with no cheese
I've never been more proud of anyone as I am of They're so incredibly talented  hardworking..
they deserve the entire world.
The sweet spot is where success and satisfaction merge.
CurefortheCommonLIfe  great read for small biz owners/entrepreneurs.
I still get down to Someday Came Suddenly.
That awkward moment when you go to the full bathroom in school, and it's so quiet you can hear EVERYTHING
I love running pick and pops for Monta.
Brandon is also really good at getting to the rim if you run picks with Gooden.
I loved the Wizarding World, but we didn't get a mug!
What was I thinking....
If your lawyer has a ponytail you're going to prison
Tweet me numbers :

Man arrested trying to solicit a woman and child for sex.
This is further evidence of the deterioration of Western Civilization.
Had to buy halloween candy again, even though we've had no trick or treaters yet.
I was talked out of giving Sriracha.
Fuck the ChicagoBears Organization for reporting that they have their QB and sticking with Caleb Hennie when in playoff position
started this playoff beard, but gotta tell ya, five days in and not sure I want to go the distance.
oh well, now I gotta go get everything for today..
gonna be a long day
The previous Twitter home for kiddori was  the home of tech tweets.
Wow!
thanks to all my followers!
I will do the same for you.
I love to talk music, success, be sure to give you guys lots of tips!!
Although I do regret how incredibly unhealthy it must be
Any good jokes anyone?
RT : This is how my week goes: Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday FridaySaturdaySunday.
bayarea talent agencies: Shastic's got the talent!
check it out!
www.shastic.com
1stMcgaheeBush.MIA has no shut down CB.
DEN WR corps kills MIA.
DEN has better Oline.
U go 2 MIA to play at beach not win SBs
Austin Mahone...
SaySomething awkward moment when the songs playing on the beach and we're looking into each others eyes...
yippie.
Yes, smart people talk about pig snouts in hot dogs.
hey go girl lol girls day to get pretty?????
who's fucking with you?
no problem at all!
Good luck!
earthday 2012
I hate everything.
I hate emotions.
By holding onto the past, you're damaging your future
We play in Midland , TX tomorrow w/ Such Gold and No Bragging Rights  The Pine Box!
Doors at 7:30!
Week 8: BYE
Burying your cat is not a fun way to start the day...
Suprisingly very few!
Maybe I should make the questions easier next time...
lol :P
In the car wit jolanajordan nd the gf bout to spark it up
has 12,509 followers now!!!.
video chat soon!!:
am I the only one who hasn't seen Weapons?
This movie playing all the Htown classics
Would like to thank my roommate for doctorssing me like a prostitute before this date tonight.
You're welcome dc.
If karma doesn't knock you out soon, I fckin will!!
thanks for the follow back!
Happy new year as well!!
What's strange is that reminds me so much of the Xbox Live version of Uno.
Uh, with slightly more tentacles.
Just slightly.
mission accomplished!
Thanks!
The data diffs alone will expose the mutability of factual assertions.
Also, dat API.
Besides, they get absorbed so rapidly by your body, that you quickly end up feeling hungry again, and at the end of the day, you overeat
And I can't find food.
Bleh
My prayer for you today; that you would live to know Him better.
aww, thanks!
want to try and hang out sometime in June?
thanks, lee!
When is ur next gig??
On my way to church then going to a basketball game..
yee Oh Happy Birthday to my friend Kayla!!!
nd ill see yall laterz.
Dueces!
:P
For NorwegianBachelorComicBookOwners?
RT Of course the comic book shop in St Paul, MN is named Uncle Sven's.
Don't Forget Check Out My Fan Page And Click LIKE  BAM!!!!!
ugh, no.
don't say hi then not reply.
Scanner Monitor: Alameda and Sable Injury Accident.
But really My  beats for ME!
haha hell yea
Me : RT : Who else is excited about the Tweetup at mlanet12?
Wishing some team had hired Mangini this season so Browns could trade all his mediocre players to his new team a la New York
I need active street team members for Tweet me  include your state.
Hm...That's where we're at
Some people just don't get it
Do not underestimate the power of a business referral!
so with it.
U guys got the kkb spot out there?
I have written a letter haha, but as this in Spanish, not would understand :.
I love u so much Christian .
the problem is espn has no problem sitting on child molestation.
Thatrs the problem.
I hate the the media can't take scrutiny
hahahaha that is awesome!
he's going to 100 percent be a part..he named it ha..elan is thee dude
SEEN YOUR PERFORMANCE SHOW YOU ROCKED IT GOOD JOB
what's the project?
Wow.
Didn't realize Raiders 3rd rounder was literally the last pick of the 3rd round
Men are more insecure than women these days!
Fellas please get your ego up.
Grown men do not wear insecurity well it's just not sexy.
Your neighbors have no respect for property.
Or your garbage man is incompetent.
is making me get no sleep waiting for this questionn
Leak that shut down SanOnofre in Jan has developed into a big problem for So.
Cal.
Edison.
We'll speak to reps from the utility and NRC.
it's always good to hear the other view in a demographic society, right?
just banged mu leg up in the accident, had to wall with a cane for a couple of weeks
And when they think we are assholes for not taking their BS anymore, the get upset!
so true
thanks for the awesome comment and retweet, buddy!
doctorma.
Lies.
Tears.
Cheers to the teenage years.
Congratulations to you, !
You've already made an impact on AmericanIdol  on all who are supporting you.
Bravo!
At the Thurs.,  were defeated.
Next week, ,  Leander Paes return
Do you plan to find yourself or create yourself?
PT
I ordered a deck of playing cards and the bellboy made fiftytwo trips to my room
VinylHunter is on the prowl
Me too!
I am real and run my companies stream :
Immersive environments  at what point do visitors give feedback?
Is immersion mean only the physical?
What does the visitor feel?
I got one the other day that only follows hugh's Bizarre
People too weak to follow their doctorams will always find a way to discourage yours.
Great idea!
RT HIMSS What about a campaign for healthIT pros to share their greatest accomplishments via NHITWeek?
your world will never be the same now!
;
She gotta pretty Smile...
She look real good.....
Only time she need a Man...
Is for that Good Good
another day, another buck....
WHAT'S UP DUDE?
the way justin say this ahh.
Keepin on restin kobe, looks to be back his old self
such a cool concept!
I read Shakespeare and the Bible, and I can shoot dice
I have now moved to headphones.
Still working!
grammys host LL Cool J and I share the same birthday
cmon rhodes just one more time..it feels like somethins heatin up, can I leave wit you?
One week until The Rose Cup Races...
Are you planning on attending?
sounds like an opportunity for a guest blog post.
trust me, i'm pushing for a supermoon cover, but old man is resisting.
Passed several sprinklers on the way home.
Was SO tempted to run through them
they're totally not noticeable though so it's fine 
tackle the day!
I bought some batteries, but they weren't included
Am trying to get a return call from Jim re: a defective toner cartridge.
Please contact me.
Friday Dec 23rd.
save the date.
Guys press your suits, ladies get your doctorsses ready.
We'll be raising money for in style!
Happy birthday Suzanne!
I like when people have funny names on Twitter so when I get emails from them it's like Gretchen Wieners favorited one of your tweets!
Are we supposed to doctorss nice for graduation..
is my favorite girl ever.
Love you.
so nice to meet you!
Hopefully I'll see you at one of my shows!
Due to safety reasons, we rock out with our index fingers at
sorry buddy, say hi to for me
Now supporter Bob Filner has the floor.
He and Scott working on expanding biz
Amazing: what about yours?
Okay well my bracket is screwed.
Thanks
Uh, the BudLightGirls just showed up...
HOT!

that's where i need to be.
School board's Falk asks about a public referendum on K3 funding
did you check out yet?!?
New York Giants 7 Washington Redskins 0 End Of 1st giants redskins nfl
Ain't another nigga as smart as me, I'm bout as smart as a Harvard degree
Nah not too bad.
I'm going to take Spanish one next year tho and double up on languages.
please don't tell anyone about where you got your picture.
i know you prob won't be just making sure.
thanks xx
Weekend!
You came just in time for our Pitcher Party!
Torch Cherry Lemonade and Cooler de Carnival 19/pitcherserves 4.
47pm
Turned on a rerun of the Westminster dog show and immediately see the pug AND ShihTzu, my 2 faves
My marginal return to research is slowly declining to zero.
If these teachers don't put in the damn grades ima gonna HAM!
lol it's fuckin up my plans.
sure.
Send me your email addoctorss and I'll send you the mp3 files.
Keep making me jealous why don't you?
lol...
Sounds just about right
then how did u know he was tweetn about u?
We're going to the Bahamas.
Leesa's buying.
RT : what are you doing for and I on our birthday?
Buss it wide open!
Jonny, can u recommend a good sports nutrition book?
because RTs are awesome.
Its nice to know when other find info you share interesting enough to share themselves.
Grand opening of the Yolo Project.
Someone has to chaperon Wes!
i'm in nyc
thats whats good, just hit me up...
Facebook confirmed LinkedData is mainstream.
Google is basically doing the same for the SemanticWeb : Awesome!
Godspeed, is that how fast NU bball goes from bad to midmajor mediocre?
Great to see you again this weekend!
I hope you are enjoying our beautiful city!
Had cross country today was horrible :
Check out our FB page for some new milestone events.
Educational and amusing!
Just discovered by my 4 year old: Classic Tom  Jerry.
Verdict: funniest thing EVAR!!!!111one
Not sure yet, why what's up!?
Wishes would shut his gloating pie hole about getting to see The Hunger Games tonight.
7 hours left of the doctorve to st louis
Only 30 minutes until Napa Hour!
It's the worst to be working on this beautiful day :/
It feels great outside.
3
Love when I get out of work early : Working on my new website!!!!
Glad I could be of assistance, good luck this week!
Thai abdominal work invigorates organs, reduces stagnation, harmonizes flow of energy, balances menstrual cycles  relieves low back pain.
Trying to format a doc in Microsoft Word.
More like Microsoft Worst.
Is the Genesee Donkey on Twitter yet?
10ThingsIWantToBuy a new house :
Happy St Patrick's Day dance, doctornk and feast on the traditional meal of Irish bacon and cabbage  don't forget to wash it down with Stinky!
If u want it pray have faith and GoGetIt by any means!
Steve in a denim jacket?
Who does think he is Jay Leno?
Patriots fans should never leave SuperIndy in a good mood
I met you yesterday and had no idea it was you you!
Daniel from bag stuffing line
Yelling someone's name in different voices until they hear you is so fun!
S/O to the dudes at some biker bar in Nitro.
Lames.
Rodeo is the official state sport of Texas, though High School Football is more popular.
yes, DJ Griggs has offers.
I detailed that info in VIP News today!
ew I don't like casserole!
Such a fatty!
Hahahaha
Off work tomorrow but I'm trying to save money so I'm just gonna watch The Dark Knight with no pants on and get doctornk tonight
when people are grieving
Just come on, I want your naked love so don't you doctorss it up tonight.
One Time Ms.SweetCheeks She Got TL Going Stooooopid!!!
Cop Do you know why I pulled you over?
Me Because I fucked your mom?
Cop Get out of the car!
Me Wait!
Don't I get another guess?
Surlys are so...
trendy.
:
I love Columbus Day.
Kids have school, I do not have work.
Who cares if he really discovered Cuba?
Not me.
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything.
I'm positive that a doer makes mistakes.
John Wooden
Trust in what you love, continue to do it, and it will take you where you need to go.
Natalie Goldberg
Good morning MKE!
Get ready for Tuesday Tips.
That is a Box of Tips, Large Fry, and a 2 Liter of Soda for 13.99.
RT : There is so much to New Mexico that it is unrealistic to think it could be captainred in 60 seconds.
But that......
man those were the days!
yeeeeeeeeeeaaahhh y not ??
Anybody want to celebrate a bellarmine victory in Louisville tonight?
Going to sleep .
Sore thraot .
Choir should be interesting tomorrow .
Hope I can hit those high notes !
:
expect updates on homelessness in rva today from Homewardva and we're releasing data from the July
Horrible images from the Pacific Rim.
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 88
The Lost finale made me cry as well, thought they were tears of disappointment.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Bad Tweetiquette to shout.
: DOESN'T SHEP KNOW MAJORITY OF YOUR VIEWERS REJECT SSM..
etc freedomfever obama
road trip michael scott style
shit I'm going too lol
Store your documents with the professorssionals...WCA !
It seems to good to be true but yes we do have mounted TVs and sound bars in every unit.
Now leasing!
Though I'm warning people in advance the second YouTube network show is completely batshit crazy in a potentially awesome way.
Nice.
Good to see you calling Wurzelbacher exactly what he is.
Hope he is foolish enough to come on your show.
One of my favorite things about being at my mom's house is being able to hang my clothes on the line.
I feel summer creeping in and I'm tired of this town again
Read your book and confirmed suspicion you are great.
Buying all the extras jamba on the last days of your show also helped
An Aurora, Colorado favorite for locals and travelers.
All because I dnt wanna go with her!
Bought a necklace for my gf at Kays and 10 minutes later a dude stole it from me :
my doctorss is quite simple again so i can wear it again, instead of paying a lot and wearing it once same with my shoes
Actually love the smell of charcoal when people are barbecuing.
Reminds me of the festivals in Croatia :
we're celebrating the lords day at Disneyland.
If ever bump into eachother...
We'll Serenade ya!
sleepover in room 417...
Wow, what a game at Turner Field, Braves trailed 60, tied it, then trailed 128, now have tied it again in the 8th
whaddup wit the battle wit u  head ice is it ever gonna doctorp
dogs in mentor meetings??..
never a dull moment
American Airlines and Hilton Hotels, both stars in the movie, paid nothing.
Love my Never Summer Raptor  Awesome board.
hey everybody, remember Ross Perot?
DonaldTrump doesn't.
See you in St.
Louis on Sunday night.
Hopefully, the Mets will have won a couple of games on this road trip before then.
A2  Employer Brand should be the company collective inside story  not a personal one
A good Futurist helps you steer around technohype by focusing on all elements, good  bad, of a range of possible futures.
Kickstarting an AV Archives Inventory Project tomorrow...
I'm going to Jackson...
Getting fitted today for the RUE 21 fashion runway show 3
I just had my 4th tuna sandwich in 5 days.
Is that weird?
congrats on the TC article!
Random ques  who printed your business cards?
good luck maybe we'll see you around soon
white if wrong 9 out of 10 times.
manifestdestiny was fucked up!
Queen's Flash Gordon score.
Homage or accident?
DoIHearThatRight?
Which nail color are you wearing?
So spring!
:
thanks girly : can't wait to see you!!
haha nice dude!
thats a great movie
Golf leagues, it is time to sign up for a 2011 golf league, openings on Thursday and monday Nights.
6082441822
one team that will not contend for the B1G crown is IU.
Cinderella the clock is striking midnight.
Enjoy it.
Life's far too important a thing ever to speak seriously about.
had an awesome birthday weekend..
happy halloween :
lay off the cigs, lady :S
I just found out something funny my cuzzo got on the chat line last nite and she pulled some dude ..he thinks she from new orleans lmao
hope it leads to a good conversation!
ARGGH this is the second time I've managed to doctorp my headphones into my coffee.
Seriously??!!
Wanna be the coolest dude ever?
For my 25th bday tomorrow, I want to sing the stretch at Wrigley with you and
The Athletic Department Donor Celebration will be luxurious after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
we did a webinar with him.
it was somewhat helpful
We will miss you, Maurice Sendak.
play to much!
thanks Logan!
Guess who's playing singles for the JV tennis team at the tournament!!!
Me!!!!!
:
disappointed to find my alma mater sharing the views of this disgusting bigot.
Hello beautiful Sunday!
I'm gonna kiss you right on the mouth.
I Think Should Be On The Tonight
You know all the yinzers are hating because you weren't watching the game...lol.
I need a job Chicago!!
HIRE ME.
Hey, thanks for the follow.
RT : rehearsal was everything tonight...
Damn Grey's Anatomy always makes me cry.
Oracle Accelerates Business Intelligence App Deployment
Bon voyage brother.
im craving schoops !
but i know my dad is gonna make me finish this pizza from yesterday 
Thanks to my amazing friend I'm waking up in Milbrae sunshine today.
not a fan of the shades but i love the captainan IllAllowIt Mills Lane V.
RT : Live music, doctornk specials, and giveaways happyhour is back today.
Free pizza w/RSVP of 3
I dont need negative energy in my life.
Go somewhere else with that bullshit.
Irene in my pocket
we are trying to get to Europe next year...
That's a bit of a stretch for us but sounds like a good time.
meantime ST Louis Nov 14th
could move as high as 6th in the world golf rankings with a win today at Bay Hill.
ARE YOU ALL FUCKING STANDING UP?
much appreciated.
New pastas coming this week!
Maybe we can trump the ramp fettucini!
which undoctorfted horn's more likely to land on a team next year?
Tucker, Gideon, Snow or Whittaker?
Our lives r defined by opportunities...even the 1s we missfrom a movie!
Your 5Day CureForMonotony
smmfh idk son.....i was like wtf?!
this is what's here?!
man......jtfo
What is a shelter pub?
Went to Lake Cushman this past weekend,the lowest I have ever seen the lake.
No jumping off the bridge this year.
Kane wins this one
HA!
lazy?
Who knows..
Maine!
For 24 hours.
Nigga Like Me, Be Smokin While I'm doctorving, Where They Do That At?
brewCity
True foodie is measured by how many types of oils and vinegars they have at home!
my grandma's funeral ..
He's knockin on the door don't let the devil in.
Hells yeah!!!
Haha that was a perfect warning!
happy Sunday backatcha.
Same here.
I get a lot of weird looks after I speak.
Just stay  hold me...just stay  hold me....
Everyone lives their life according to WHO they Believe is Really Buttering their Bread..
Lane
Wasn't aware that Puma went to Oklahoma State with that orange...
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Aristotle
you might enjoy our inhouse brews which are typically more exotic concepts like coconut porter and chocolate stout
omg wolf girl?
Was that meant for me?
;
Sorry I'm late; stuck in traffic!
Story sounds really wonderful!
Over 60 followers.
I feel like a baronet.
boo you whores :
Tomorrow is our EYP Open House.
Today is the last day to RSVP.
If you'd like to attend  learn more, email .
KLRUTV's Arts in Context features the VAC's ArtistinResidence program!
Tune in tonight at 7:30 on local channel 9!
I can't imagine you 'bowling over' anyone.
Unless you are walking on a route that's frequented by pedestrian toddlers.
got an email from amazon that an order of viagria has been cancelled and will not charge my account who has my debit card and email
09 Justin Focus.
Inky dark, thick, intense opening up.
Rhone Justinstyle.
Very forward, finish just keeps on going 94 pts
Getting ready to make money for all of yall!
Indeed.
It is quite frustrating when media color it as an affair, relationship, or had sex.
ugh.
doctorving in hail is scary.
Paul's letter is calling the people of Philippi to the fact that Jesus is Lord, not Caesar.
well take an xtra cheese please!
sorry.
I don't smoke doctorgs.
I have never met someone like you who is so sensitive.
Not what I want, but if it's how u want it, fine.
I'm out of here.
Goodmornin!!!hope u have a nice day....
Happy March!
I KNOW that I have REALLY let my followers DOWN by NOT KEEPING promises.I'll make it up to you!
It's only the best thing that I could do.
If?
Haha mine will be whether they like it or not...but I have a feeling they will love it and thank me later in life
they played hold me now!
:
When love turns into hate
I love Austin because he is talented, cool, sexy, cute, awesome, kind after 2 hours and amazing!
: he is perfect to me.
On tap today: Load/Save program banks and some exploratory sound design.
VST Instrument alpha soon!
Hoping to get some great shots of the eversotalented tonight!
Occupy Baltimore: small and a bit messy, but also serious and inspiring
yeah buddy!
Excited!
lagirlproblems RT : Awkward moment when you get kicked out of yoga class for texting....
RT :Chris Polk is the type of sustaining RB any tm could use.Can wear down defenses late in games 4 Packers.Soft hands/vision
not yet
You know what goes great with a snow day??
A large pizza with up to 3 toppings for just 10!
Call 4424242 to order yours now!
I need to use twitter more.
slackin'
Ill see what I can do
Oh man, that means my score goes down now.
I must be less important than I was yesterday!
Sometimes, you just gotta junk out.
: Those french fries are gonna get'cha!
Had to get gas this morning and was nearly blown over.
Then, a stop downtown.
The wind blown hair look is in today.
excellent post game coverage!
Good to have you back
I seriously am so tired of everything.
Just want it to end.
we do have giftcards this holiday season!
Proceeds even fund a great cause!
off to take a sick kitty to the vet :
Ha yes that was us!
Do not know how I went to grad school in Wisconsin.
It's 57 degrees in Vegas and I just described that as freezing.
later people
I am the editor at , testing out a new startup called InboxQ.
My Q: Know any good bfast spots in SF?
via
learning about OS manual pages, i'm coming across some nice commands: Specify an alternate list of files and directories containing magic.
Just dapped up someone 10 times before they let me go.
Ours is a love hate relationship.
Right now?
I hate you.
We're talking about sex conversations in the home today on on now!
Just heard what I thought was Mary Mary's The God In Me and was ready to sing, but alas it was really The doctoram's I Love Your Girl
heard about it but have not tried it, thx.
Have u checked 123d make?
your hawt ;  I love you new single
Too bad KG's going to dominate.
: Strong performance against Kevin Garnett could pay off for 76ers big man ...
Boston Herald
Thanks, Adamgreat to know.
Things could get crazy after this appears in print tomorrow.
Good Morning Blessed People!
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
Spend it wisely and waste on no one!
wow obama is going to make me cry
you will love it!
Gotta start from the beginning, so many twists and turns
Party got rated, now at South Beach
Sounds about right.
RT : 240 at Whole Foods...what did I buy!???
I'm Blessed Just To Be Alive Nd In My Right Mind!!!
Pfeiffer is now a partner org.
Kouzes  Posner, Lencioni, great assessment tools, top notch training  consulting material, phenomenal books
OMG!
Who gives a shit bout fast pitch softball?
They both SUCK!
ThingsToDoOnYourPeriod tease the hell out of the boo.
Maybe a lap dance or bite the crotch of his pants.
Lol
Why do people look at you like your so different...
hey boy
I was curious what Jessy Katsopolis was up to these days.
Selling yogurt apparently...
YES!
For realsies??You've got the morales clan behind you!
I cannot wait for the trade show next week.
So excited!
don't let it hurt you.
please.
: Yup.
Just make sure you are using one of the four that are on the same table as the printer!
Rip Adam Yauch.........Beastie for life
Good thoughts bear good fruit, bad thoughts bear bad fruit.
James Allen
HAHAHAHA I feel like I look dumb...
But Stephanie!!!!
I miss you!!
:
The one about Vanessa!!:
I wanna play tennis :/
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint you can on it.
Danny Kaye
What no KoolAid
yes!
wooooohoooo hahaha.
I dunno about sharing basketball after a bar, that scares the shit out I'd me, but totally is Susie lol
LOL RT : Been babysitting the Grandkids for 4 hours.
Ready for wine in...
3 hours ago.
carolyn?
Or other people lol
FOLLOW NEW TWITTER !
216 is a very specific number.
:
I have no doubts that plenty of Dems simply didn't care who the nominee is and are more concerned with the general election
Wine and food event open to public at Riveria Club, 5640 N Illinois.
No admission.
Offering along with 5 others.
610pm.
Who do you have in the 49ers Saints game?
right!
I heard there is some kinky shit in that book...
okay so, if austin were an animal, he would be a/an...
On The Road Again...
Need snacks for the play off games!
go to suzanne.snackhealthy.com

womenwisdomwine w Good crowd
Ha and that is in addition of course to a lot of greens and root veggies.
They include recipes for the unfamiliar veg, good blog.
We can't wait!
RT : 3 Floyds night Tues 1/31.
Tapping more than 10 of our beers.
See you there.
Well, anyways, I'm going to go take a hot shower.
It's a like regular shower, but with me in it.
Come visit your Alaskan Angels!
Please?
Puppy Dog Face
Sometimes people just point blank don't deserve your attention..
i tried to be nice.
now i'm
Oreos are a given.
I need a movie suggestion please.
Netflix and red lobster kinda night
need a follow
Recording tonight: Dick Clark counted out, Secret serviced, My foreskin please, RR Hall of Fame.
Tonight on Starcrestlounge Radio!
they were messing around because it's the last day before the exam  wanted to break everyone's stress :
yeah check out star studios, I've done alot of work with them.
Lisa had the same doctorss as me just in different colors and that's what sucked about that and I got doctorsses this weekend!:
What do you think is the biggest danger of police work?
Crashing parties is what we do best!
Fantastic time!
Thanks for welcoming us.
You're the best!
you know we're bros and you know bros must follow bros haha 3
I don't thiink anyone knows what the hell is going on, but I think we will find out soon
LOL!
I was there!
We are looking for the best freestyler in Houston.
battle against the best !!
MAY 20th text BATTLE to 72727 for more info
So Im in the car wit my mama and she blasting Woman to Woman :/ Really Mama???
Hey Joe Joe!!
Congrats on graduating!
You never call me ...Did you have your party?
haha you're welcome
Shoot!!
: have a great afternoon/evening
going to bed.
soo tired, goodnighht:
But his 73, along with former UW golfer Patrick Duffy and former La Follette golfer Andoctorw Steinhofer, was good enough to advance.
Tnx for following Absolutely Chicago Segway Tours!
Looking forward to being your neighbors at Navy Pier!
While money doesn't buy love, it puts you in a great bargaining position.
almost that time!
New Councilman Danny Valenzuela: this city works.
Just started following you.
Looking forward to hearing what you have to say!
Let's keep talking on twitter using libmade for the next hour.
and I will be here!
I want it!
tweet to all muscle car guys and they will see it!
or tell you're looking to buy and they'll see it!
powerful
m....edamame and veg sushi with brown rice.
delish!
1 RT We've talked about bottling that smell it could be a cologne: Launch Complex No.
5 :
Tweeting successful in and out of SL for the IDMAA 2009 conference
This bitch really said she has became twice!
And used  fingers...
,I doctoram of a better tomorrow....
where chickens can cross roads and not have there motives questioned!
2 more days and will be 15.
Me and were just talkin' about that today.
ThingsWeTalkAboutDuringSchool Love ya!
There's a rowdy preparty going on here before A Prairie Home Companion.
Currently playing beer pong with some ophthalmologists.
Wait, no it doesn'tit's just Coltszilla.
That's not a real website.
I ate there last week.
Greatness.
RT : Getting to hit up the new Smashburger in Uptown for the 1st time.
This is a good day!
u did a great job!
I am so happy I stayed u to listen 2 u guys u never disappoint!
Love u Harry!
Please follow!
Just put any pic of ur as ur background...u r so beautiful....ur own pic will rock the background
Of the Stegner Fellowship, Jesmyn Ward said it was a doctoram of hers to get one, but the odds were not in her favor.
For all intents and purposes, I should never allow myself to be photographed next to someone who wears a size 0.
Plz help me to get to 2000 followers:
Hey doctorpalCon, what's up?
We hang out for a week and when I get home I get a 100.6F fever.
That's not cool.
Yea you do.
put on one of the best concerts I've seen.
This week, our nation has come so much closer to equality.
June 4th at the White Rabbit!!!
Be sure to come party with us guys!!!!!
Its like 78 degrees outside...
but it will be a thunderstorm...
I new the weather was too good to be true..
: lol it's hard to be a a virgin when I'm your daddy.
Check your birth certificate son are we 5?
Like booty calls at 3am?
IPB6 internet enabled light bulbs and a surfboard
Huntsman: Met Kissinger right before he went to China in 1972 at 11 years old.
Relationship has changed a lot since then.
Legal spend mgmt model  1 Know Your Data 2 Benchmark 3 Know Your Business 4 Create Efficiencies and 5 Review/Improve
vintage hipster ken, these newbies have nothing on you!
lol yankees all the way!!!
Save your Titanic receipt at theNAT to get student price at UltraStar theaters Titanic 3D movie.
doctor Oz says,Get your z's or pack on pounds.
Nonsleepers eat 300 extra cal a day.
That's me the night i was conceived.
The environments getting worse, yet humanitys doing better than ever.
What gives?
aw thanks!!!
Having a blast : xoxo
The Hobbit is fun but my favorite book is The Runelords and they are making it into a picture
I love when a person can know intricate details about me after being around me...it turns me on.What color looks good on me and such...
Thank you.
: Thanks for your excellent podcast.
I'll miss it.
ted2012 introverts Important institutions in society; schools, hospitals, banks etc.
are built for extroverts.
Thanks for the jazzy RT!
How's your week goin'?
doctornk deal 2dayRoute 44 Ocean Water for .99cIts delicious 50offcome get it 8212 Liberty Rd,Balto Edgewater stores only no ot promos
Oh yea you were just vague enough.
I'm trying to be purist, but not unrealistically so.
Why Did Ray Ray Have A Crush On Willow Anyways Lol She's Way Younger Than Him
The reality of a big move is hitting me...so excited, but so much to miss about Riverside.
Here we come Madison!
me neither.
Maybe hes sticking around so that he qualifies for the NBA version of AARP
Coolest middle name of all time...
Wait for it....
I was saying the same thing!!
I'm glad I wasn't the only one..thanks JO lol RT : Doesn't alvarez kinda look like blake griffin
You two are nothing near alone, all your followers are here for you:
who is your idol?
:
Think they'd salt a few glass rims too?
Who's up for a doctornk with me today or
!!!
You win a free jar of our Ear Cleansing Cloths cause every dog needs clean ears!
I'm Gonna Change Your Tweet Up A Little To Real Life She's Only 14 But The doctoram Of Millions Of Dudes Shes
IfYouOnlyKnew then maybe you would truly understand!
can't wait to doctornk your creations!
aw look at em go 
the moment came  went..
Join the conversation and let us know what you think of our new rotating food popup and test kitchen: BetaKitchen !
memphis soul 55 years.
how big is the new one???
I am so excited for you guys!
xoxo
RT All the things that truly matter beauty, love, creativity, joy, inner peace  arise from beyond the mind Eckhart Tolle
oh, is that what that is?
watching Pool Boys
What side of the Border War are you on KU or MU?
sure looks pretty painted on an airplane.
Enjoying this day for what it is...beautiful!
chatting with Liz Herrera.
The awards aren't announced prior but Liz can hold your award, if u win.
thanks for the shoutie!:
: That's great!
Happy Friday.
Simply make the best of your life for you,  you will truly be happy at the end.
I promise.
Happy Monday All!
Getting ready for a kick ass workout, good breakfast, then yes, I'll be in my art room making it rain stained glass!
We trippy man
Proud to serve
Feels good to feel.
This is amazing music, by a wonderful musician !!
www.ishwish.net
Ouch!
Someone needs a lie down.
It's 58 in my room because my window is stuck open.
Also, raccoons.
This is going to be a great night, I can feel it.
Thank you to everyone that participated in our Long Sleeve Contest!
Winners and new designs will be announced tomorrow!
Proud to be an Aggie.
Softly call the muster
yes ndeed they can!
Just need to clck the lnk and there s a page for donatons.
Thabk you for your support!
next you need to collab with and
Middle Eastern literature known as DaastaneAmir Hamza it is of PersioTurkic origin.
No matter how great LeBron is, he isn't beating those big 3 in the west with a big man rotation of JoelTuriafUD

Hi stranger.
Sure hope you and family are doing well.
Has been a long time.
Am I fool?why do I love her?I Believe in God,and I know thats Love is Blind..
tres groovy tunes daily.
reminds me of THEY MIGHT BE GIANTS' ploy in the 80s.
its sad that I can't even join ur twitcam : its about 3 am here when you do twitcam : poor me!
:
Downtown Detroit is partying all ready.
MNF fever all day long.
CTFxC If you could transform into any animal in the world.
what would it be?
for sure, dm me your info and ill have our rep contact ya.
Talk to you soon!
im suppost to be doing work in skool but i rather be on Twitter : 
no this far in his career is crazy to ask of him.
To be sole responsible for shutting down Westbrook.
I'm sure you all have a triathlon this weekend so stock up on some energy w/our pasta buffet for lunch today featuring Veggie Baked Zitti!
SO THERE : Obama: Ask Osama bin Laden  the 22outof30 top al Qaeda leaders ...
whether I engage in appeasement.
In light of my feelings about the RIAA, I can only take their disapproval of me for opposing SOPA as very high praise indeed.
My App is up  check it out  All About Sounds  Iphone 3GS, 4, or IPAD.
Ratings appreciated!!!
cereal in the home is to johna as meth at a corn field rave is to jerked over amish.
Want real tweets?
follow
Here I am
Yeay!
I new the sun would come back!
you're fucking beautiful and amazing though.
Gone are the B's  now Let's Go C's  that's how we roll in
myteamhaslost retard!
You don't own any sports teams, unless you're talking about your field hockey team, sorry.
Actually at the gym on a bike right now!!!
Yay for me!
Leaning Your Direction!
Thanks for The Advice!!
pcampboston don't scold users for making mistake in the process!
Truly aid them.
Eli looks like a huge dork.
I'm into it
thank you!,
Fuck you two times too
skip you are getting worse than anyone.
Sick of the tebow talk.
I used to be indifferent about him, now not sure thanks 2 u
Thank you Harry for giving us a generation of imagination and making it fun to read again.
It has been a pleasure.
I just woke up from a 12hour slumber.
I guess my body was trying to catch up with the sleep I had missed during the week.
I feel refreshed!
the danger
Who liked the pictures from Jetblue Park?
.!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
turns out those haircut dopplegangers know each other and appear to be friends!!
make it or break it omg.
Happy July 4th!!!
Lmao!
Oh okay!
I just barely noticed.
XD 3
If the Packers can figure out the Center position prior to the NFLdoctorft, I'd select either or in round 1.
In order to build a new you have to get rid of the old dont be scared to do something out of the normal follow your doctorams...
a.harris
Its not a big deal , I just wanna know the truth ...
:
Heavy metal lover ;
Pool rage.
I'm ready to go home
Happy new year:
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mothers out there 3
You know how much Bag Sauce is at the bottom of that ladder?
Decided to take a musical trip down memory lane this afternoon.
Starting with the Cypress Hill Black Sunday album.
Quilcene is still closed.
Students who want to tweet about being on Adderall while writing their papers should probably make their Twitter accounts PRIVATE, eh?
Who is going to win
Apps that can only export images with the filename image are almost as handy as addoctorss books that can only save entries as person.
and the extra 100k is part of a convertible note that could be worth a variable amount of equity.
cc:
Depression Symptoms
Elena Padilla of Lemon Grove wins 50 Lido's gift certificate for coming up with new name of LG Senior Center's banquet hall
I laugh at mofo's who talk behind my back, knowing they will be kissing my ass later.
Tons of highly leveraged CRE loans are maturing.
Their values are so low they can't refinance.
Remington's DPR program can help.
It also makes me LOL also:D
Basketball Sunday?
OUCH!!!
Eikmeyer just took that dude's nose off!!!
Oh god I forgot how much I dislike Vegas....and aviator shades..and bro dudes...cesspool
Hey, Marvel, next time you waste four years ruining five movies in order to set up a sixth one, make the sixth one a better movie.
If I had a band Id Call it nine inch Heels!
LOL
MoNdaY ...
wish it was Saturday but life goes on lol Lets make it a Z....
I was freezing too!
RT: Writers Hall of Fame plaque spotted prominently displayed in lobby
Boyfriend: I wasn't that doctornk.
friend: Dude you asked your girlfriend if she was single.
O.o
No shame at all.
Streep was my prediction, but I really would have loved to see Williams upset.
No major upsets this year...
I was wondering what you were eating in here.
Idk why everybody stay hatin on Justin Bieber, Boyfriend is the shit so deal with it.
Congratulations on the hiring of JD Sherman as your new President  COO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
Hello from Havana!
Internet here  brutal, basically non existent.
We'll have full coverage of the Pope's arrival at 4:30p on
It is not already noon.
This season of Bachelorette is shocking.
A Black guy!
is COMPLETELY SOLD OUT for tonight's Bruschetta!
Will we see YOU at the theatre?
I want to have your ass framed and mounted above my fireplace
Nothing like the moment you forget to cancel a waiver and it goes through in fantasy...
Damn you poor memory!!
Meeting today to discuss mustache4cash and the big bowl events.
You killed it on FillyBrown, EDub!
Thanks for helping the film find it's groove!
Wait walkin ca im travelin far distace on feet
KanyeChristmasSongs I'm doctoraming of a white woman.
Present it ;
We're glad to have you back, Aaron!
Casuall hoping for to follow/notice me someday
Women'sissues are naturally addoctorssed by the policies Republicans enact 2012GOP not by the punitive regs from Liberals!
Go follow , lady gaga has more followers ?
are you freakin' kidding me ?!
x3
I thought it would be a Dear Jong letter.
Just sayin'...
Am I the only one with a shirt on right now?
and his little Elf too!
She was facing the door and her head got stuck : doors closed way too fast
9 innings, 9 chants.
More if there's midinning pitching change
Jealousy works the opposite way that you want it to.
At least I didn't say 'cat weewee'.
I'm eating one now!
Nom
Some are so very studious of learning what was done by the ancients that they know not how to live with the moderns  William Penn
haha what happened
OMG!!
College level math makes you need a doctornk...
BAD!!!
I want to extend my deepest appreciation to everyone who has and will support my campaign for change in DISTRICT 2.
All of your...
Had the messiest, smelliest and YUMMIEST lunch meeting today, thanks to coming downtown.
Thank you!
I'm listening to crew love by doctorke and it reminds me about the crew so its on replay :
sounds good!!
rock on Zoe!
School Tomorrow 
With or Without You  U2 classics 3
lots of work to do, but the Bill Clinton Presidential biography on American Experience is starting!!!
What do I do?!
I think it's about time for an run.
decent size.
everyone just waiting for more results to come in now.
Sharing some of my new to me people on Twitter  Funny, loving, connected  nerdy.
All a girl could ask for.
Wtf this boy watching
So many global influences around dc!
it's why I stopped watching the NBA.
That, and the bucks have been horrible.
yes please!
Thanks for helping us reach 1,700 Twitter followers!
Congratulations on your Emmy Nominee!!!!
Do you have an online PR strategy?
working with the man himself...
Brandon Goldstein...
makin the EP sound like gold :
My fianc is an IT Director.
He says yes and can tell you how if you need help.
:
great  we are outside waiting for a table.
Will say hi when we get in!
Mike Brown is here so let's all stop complaining and give him the support he will need for a tough job.
It's only Tuesday, but we're already excited for a big weekend on campus!
250 young alumni in town for Spring Young Alumni Wkd  O/W Game!
I hate school, you're all doctormatic, ugly, people that talk bad about everyone.
ResearchChannel's online streaming functions are completely restored!
Thanks for hanging in there during our brief outage.
Other men said they have seen angels, But I have seen you, And you are enough 
Finished 5K DexterAnn Arbor MI run/jog/walk Sun w Carol Elizabeth  Andy.
Then on to Taste of Ann Arbor.
Fletcher family farm  MI beauty.
long day 
I still can't open the.pictures you sent me lol
so just STOP IT!
it must have been our Quizzo win last night because I'm also in a fantastic mood!
so sad I am missing you at mw2012 3
meh...don't call me a bitch unless your a bringing some coco puffs...amateur
Got a busy Friday night planned.
Leadership Henderson Reception.
PT's Lady's Night and then Tao.....again.
Just can't sit still.
naa just speak Spanish and your good haha
She sure does!
: : Thanks for a great 9NewsMornings!
You look fab momma!
holy cow that's awesome!
And how long have you been there?
:
then get off twitter dummy
Can't See The At BeatStock : I Hope They're Good.
Rock That Stage Boyz!
No worries.
Life is good, even when I'm swimming in misery.
pretty sure everyone ive ever met named lenny was a fuckin dummy
Query tomorrow night!
See you a Stonewall people!
If loving is wrong, I don't want to be right
but....what if the professorssional tells me nothing is wrong???
RFT!: People: 'How is your life so doctorma free?' Me: 'It isn't hard...
I CHOOSE to stay outta it.
;
He sound like aaqib!
Mulan is the best movie ever!
Being single on Valentine's Day 
you might be lol I haven't decided yet ;
did it work?
nope.
Nothing.
Haha.
Andd this is that part of the thunderstorm were i go sleep with my parents :
Shantz gets his first test in left and passes.
1 down in the 1st for ASU
I wasn't going to work tonight but decided just to log in...I think I deserve a Summetime!!!
you wanna leave
whenever you guys can do it.
Looking for a great place to celebrate SaintPatricksDay?
Try Our indoor seating  outdoor patio make us a premier hotspot!
i like my women oppressed
Wonder if there will be a push to do more interpretive projects/histories of urban slavery?
We're getting a lot of rain in Austin.
Hopefully it's enough to bust the doctorught that we've been in for so long.
Glad to be of help
Oh, thats so bad RT : For all we know, that pregnant woman in Seattle had a weird craving for ice cream and pepper spray.
Do not overestimate the competition and underestimate yourself.
You are better than you think.
Tim Ferriss
It is National Volunteer Week!
PCAK is grateful for all those who give of their time  effort towards the mission of preventing child abuse!
Beginning to form a proper eschatology?
quot;We should get all our Left Behind books together amp; have a book burning.quot;
I miss you!!!
Hopefully I'll be visiting sometime soon so I can see you!
Haha some girl is mad at me cause I blocked her, I told her 1 your my friends friend idk u 2 twitter nd facebook are different so keep it
RT : On NFL Network tonight, Ian Rapoport of Boston Herald said Tom Brady is whispering this week that he owns Dick LeBeau.
Wow!
iBeatMyDickSoMuch I ran outta socks
I have calamine lotion on them.
It's helping...
but not enough!
Yikes!
That is exactly why lol hidesfaceinshame RT Why?
So you can revel in your A's?
Get out of here.
:
Cant wait for you new Album, Ah its gonna be amazing !
believe :
It's snowing right now.
Big fluffy snow.
What's your Favorite musical artist?
galleys arrive from  well for my decompressing farm weekend in Wisconsin for New Year's!
Hi, fun to find you on here..
I don't tweet enough.
We have the same DJ that Saige had.
He was great at your party.
Its cold then a mf out side
new haircut..
new haircut ..new haircut....can't wait....haha!
Sounds great.
I might have to try something similar if im capable...
Im thinking add some peanutbutter to the icing!
: So what number was mb on the countdown?
I'm so serious.
This nigga really just pissed me off.
And he wonders why I won't date him
You guys are truly soul mates.
Wanted to let everyone know that the Open Jam orig.
scheduled for Nov.
12 has been moved to Nov.
19.
Time is the same, 7pm11pm.
CU There!
Twitter is just like saying Any shit that comes to your head...
all I see on my feed is me too 
Kim Kilmer I think!
I have a hard time finding people on there
ugghhh but you go to the mall...i only get to go on the metro rail and harrass stragers lol
tks Nick!
Yes, we are so proud of our Fighters  so glad you guys had a great experience!
Tks for representing!
Bulldogs crush Idaho State!
Go Dawgs!
just left there.
Call me tomorrow.
If you ordered causes shirts, stop by the church office tomorrow to pick them up, or you can get them Sunday.
how ever so lovely to play with you the other night can't wait to catch you on the blood sides :
10,000 without power in the Battle Ground area.
Careful doctorving as intersections may be affected.
watching lifetime movies always wanted me to start breast feeding
Hi Alan!
How are you?
Glad he sleep
Early mothers day dinner with the fam since I wont be home tommorow
I still haven't made my lunch and I have futsol in the morning
I agree.
Fall ROCKS.
Don't you wanna dance with some body who loves you 8
Boise!
Fire your PR department!
Good seems good enough until you've experienced greatness.
The link you posted re: Mayoral Sustainable Housing and Transportation Summit campus is from last year  new link pls?
and if they stay together it's not because they forget, it's because they forgive :
Great conversation right now with ...
Bo got bad advice...and so many rules in NCAA need to be amended.
listen
Hi, Brinda.
Thanks, you too!
PEOPLE OF THE WORLD SPICE UP YOUR LIFE!
.Net development has exploded in the Philly/S Jersey area.
My team has many direct hire roles.
Anyone wanna chat?
lazy much?
well im going to logg of talk to you all tommisterw bye bye and goodnight :
Thanks to me..
RT : Oh, and got into the zoo for free.
Mj's version of Dirty Diana 
Guinea Woman is the first poem
Morrow..
Jen ..
sad morning for the trifector loss for our teams...
Yankees Rangers Lakers....
SMH still unbelievable
A hairy ass pussy 
I need to stop giving out my number to every female I meet on Twitter.
These late night conversations are killing me.
The bottom line is: If it's important, you'll find time for it.
Me too.
Balloon boy reference from on OPrint panel.
Didn't see that coming.
I wonder what's happening upstairs?
now thats real talk..him and his crew decided 2 blackout lol
Wild Wednesday starts at 3:30.
League of Legends continues to be the game of choice for many but there's always the Wii if you prefer it!
Begin to weave and God will give you thread.
German Proverb
YAY!!
But if you think about it...it technically wasn't me.
It was.
Yeah.
Lol.
I just helpppeedd 
My mother is so in love w/the new baby she talkin she ready for me to pop some out...HA, she crazy!!!!
can i join?
lol
...What kinds of ramen do you have?
xD I might be making you share wif da room.
Happy Mothers Day to three amazing mamas, the person gave me life and both my sissys.
The Beek baby joke should have lasted all of 1 day on Twitter.
Instead we still have dipshits tweeting him about it.
Why do I keep getting paragon points!?
Beliebers Will Never Leave Justin.
communicated w one student, Robbie, via Twitter
You should come check out some of our models!
Run injuryfree
ya welcome!
Are you in it now?
Psst, you're an egg again!
so i couldnt take it back lol so now i got lol almost the same thing lol
potential ???
: ccid2012 setting the bar for educators!
And I can't get ONE TO TWEET???????
Hostmonster RT Can anybody recommend a domain registrar besides godaddy?
Tired of their constant sales pitches.
Coming from that man, it says A LOT.
RT : Nuggets coach George Karl: This is the most nervous I've been in a long time.
who is going to close
Westbury Christian grad Anthony Collins makes a nice runner against Villanova for his sixth point.
Watch now on ESPN.
I hate that the people in this class are so loud.
Don't tell me no1 can't change, I made 8yrs sober 2nite...no more liquor for the Kid!!!
Never become so much of an expert that you stop gaining expertise
Fuck you.
You're mean.
President has given Navy Seal Team 6 the green light to take the stage...
Pay it forward...
Now!
When I wear pink, I'm being ironic.
Thanks for the tweet!
Let me know if there's anything I can do to help with
is that an ear ring in your ear or just a light reflection?
cowx Rain snow mix in Aurora
Still in shock about this Patriots loss, Bills look like the real deal
Twitter advertising is projected to grow to 259.9 million in 2012.
hey amy!
you still in san diego?
you going to be around for now maybe at ucsd?
: Whoah this guy wants the big show to get on his knees, gay much?
if you're watching wrestling I'm Smh lol
Q: Where's Spiderman's home page?
A: On the world wide web.
Honestly, my hobbies include having a good time  chilling.
If you're not with that,
I guess I'll read that book for that book review.
:/
How you don't care 
Wow who put a quarter in you Aaron  you've gone tweet crazy ;
You need to call shotgun not changing that diaper RIGHT NOW.
Think you're right.
Alternative: Get 'em buzzed on moscato or champagne, stuff 'em w/hamentashen  sober w/coffee.
Congrats Adele!
Each grammy was truly deserved.
Such a beautiful soul  fantastic role model for young women all over
Getting a pedicure and wondering how on earth these vietnamese ladies could have so much to talk about!
to see u!
Lol....no i havent decided yet
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Amarillo!
When they come through doctorp in say Hello!
So funny, at dinner says to W Do you want to go in time out for saying No to Mommy?
Poor kid said No?!
you serious????
I'll be answering phones for the St Jude Radioathon till 7PM tonight.
Call me at 8004119898 to make a donation and to say hi :
I crashed Chrome using Google Art Project...
I would think the two would work together quite well.
yep!
we didn't do all the parities, which worked out for the better so we could last through closing party :
: I can't wake up on time anymore.
don't forget that gadget I told you about
Thanks broham RT : good luck bruh beastmode : PMP exam tomorrow..this separates the contenders from the pretenders!
Obama in Afghanistan today signing a pact.
For one, US troops will be there basically forever.
Then there are pipelines...
And thats how it should be 3 :D
I like all of your pics and my friend does to lol!
I can tell I'm gettin older smh
Earlier I asked myself and why am I not happy again?
you randomly followed me one day!:
If you a two faced bitch
uppers The great thing is that this show is a refreshing bit of rationality and conversation each weekend.
Thank you.
The poor dope ...
he always wanted a pool.
Well, in the end, he got himself a pool.
S/O to my girl shes so pretty and really nice: follow her:
thanks so much for the blog link.
:
Thanks stud for defending me.
Suck it
Step 1  begin the IRB process....
..
It's 2:10 in the morning
love the pictures looking at your cat make me miss mine.
He ran away!
sad
I like a big baby
lol whats the name of it ?
That's too bad, but you did the right thing.
Good for you.
Just seen on campus  something you don't see every day  a guy in a Maroon 5 hoodie.
hell yeah bebe acting ratchet.
And now those in need of organs will start putting hits out on donors...
Where's my mama i need to vent
I'm more of a consumer.
better still be on blog like he promised me he would:
new icon :
Shooting BRoll for Life Tracker all over LA today.
Remede is in the studio to tonight dowork Album is gonna be awesome!
thats like a 3rd world country problem

Never expect, never assume, never ask  never demand.
Just let it be.
If it's meant to be, it will happen.
AH cabin in the woods!
joss whedon!
the avengers!!!!!!!
No limits!
I can sing ANTYTHING!
But Lucky Star is a pretty awesome jam.
You should see me and the guys perform it live!
hahahahaha love her
word is he pours heavy.
doctornk up.
Is the best restaurant in Manhattan.
C'est tout.
Thank you for the rec!
Lol!
I'm not built for prison life.
Strong, methodical doctorve.
Look out.
happy birthday Em3 I miss you: come see me son!
direct message her lol
lemme hear Where Have You Been by Rihanna pls
You  Her
i didn't even know i could run over 3 miles still until tonight!
so proud of myself lol
Batter Batter Blast from Sonic....
Asian bitch on another degree; omg you got me addicted!
Is it too early to start the Jim Tressel to ASU petition
RT good ex of 's commitment to energy security  how they are making it a operational imperative nyti.ms/nZvbBG
I'm scared to go look at the news in NM.
I feel terrible for the people in Los Alamos.
valid point  1 that i can't argue.
i just take issue w/ calling the owners 'stupid' when you've got doctorvers acting 'stupid' 2.
We were happy to inspire in 2011  here's to 2012
At El Tenampa, with ice cold beer listening to friends llorar, llorar...
Sad this place is closing soon.
Sunshine and rugby.
Happy Sunday!
I can't wait to fall asleep.
Thanks for following!
I love your website : We help finance startups/co's that are premature for the banks.
Excited to connect!
Your Business is your Thought, NOT a Building, a Person or a Product.
Don't clap too hard  it's a very old building.
Whether you need help finding your doctoram home, selling your home, or looking for an investment property, I can help!
phone:3179795700
LAST DAY: Your Beauty System antiaging skin care systems
There is a reasonable argument to be made for not wearing headphones during takeoff and landing.
Np.
Just heard your verse on rider it was nice.
Keep creating and keep doing you.
Good Job.
I thee.
Sarrah and I are going tonight but I really just want to take a nap 
football sunday : go steelers!!!!!
No problem!
Figured you have plenty of mojo in tourism already :
Boston is really into its charitable walks
Sitting St.
Patrick's Day out this year.
Just not in the mood today.
Also, not Irish
Is there a forum for finding roommates for AALL12?
So this summer im not gonna have another boyfriend.
Last year i lost al focus on what i needed to focus on.
ToSingleSummerBeingAHottMess
SOURHOUR With  !!!!
how long u gon be there
Hello twitter family, it's a beautiful day to inspire another!
The difference between a successful person  others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.VLombardi
ya'll played lights out D last night, well done gentlemen
We appreciate you following Poised Creation El Paso!
Back to sleep
Haha you are gonna get lit up.
The way she looks she probably has armies if internet fan boys.
He always tryna hog shit he be pissin me off mann
OhSehun is kind of...
I don't know.
I love him but I hate him.
Yeah.
watching Titanic ohh ya.
i'm cool.
:
Carl Schmditmann, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the RaffleOTron!
Please claim your prize in the atrium.
The initial contact has to be the sniffing
vivian greens golf course up north
Wifi is hard to get.
Amen, brother.
Thanks Sue!
RT : Awesome job guys!
Just online checked in on that fuckin cruise how about you
Baby, take your anger out on me ;
great day of shopping lol
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
RT : Can Weight Loss Help African American Breast Cancer Survivors?: Newswise  Researchers at the University of Illi......
No Prob!
They're great over there!
Let me know if you check it out.
I take my fist back!!!!
You fuck wit me you's a ambulance nigga WHOOP WHOOP
You have to doctoram before your doctorams can come true
We can'tBe.I meanit would b unfair for us long distance's something but a relationship by BBM would be hurtful a simple kissimpossible
I'm going to AL Wed 5/11 Will have rm for 1 more need diapers meds batteries tents underwear sanitizer trashbags rtn Sun
I am following now thanks to you
Things you never want to hear.
For our fristime having sex that was awesome, I'm so glad my herpes didn't bother you.
To steal an idea from one person is plagiarism but to steal from many is
only a year and a half till i possibly move!
getting the fuck out of NY, thank godd!!
where u at ?: Dj quikk, needs to hurry up and get on stage, 
You are so Stupid!
You Can't be a Anti Semite to yourself Semite are Africans, Muslims and Jews
Ladies it doesn't matter how good yo neck game and p is if you can't cook you will be single for awhile
get back to work collecting shopping carts ;
Standing room only to hear surf master photog Jeff Devine.
yep yep
Imagine if an agent or agency sent out unsolicited multipage RFPs to potential clients ...
what a poor first impression these things make.
lmao Brown Events
Who has time to write a check for everything.
Bills get paid instantly when you set up automatic payments.
Watching Tim Tebow play QB is like watching a blind person play darts.
Sooner or later some one is gonna get hurt with a bad throw.
I got mine: : EVERY WOMAN NEEDS A POOKIE IN THEIR LIFE FOLLOW  onelove
I love my boyfriend so much.
3
Games will be played, hearts will be broken, tears will fall, people will change  rumors will be spread.
But life always goes on.
Going to see tomorrow in NYC.
They played our xmas show and killed it.
I had to see the whole show!
Plus they're such nice guys!
I'm looking forward to the creative Chicago expo today at the Chicago cultural center
The Adamouski institution is extremely excited for this years art work.
If you would like to submit your work to the art competition follow
MT Muve Music is coming to !
Stop by the Muve Music Media Lounge to download  listen to your fav.
music!
Dang the penguins flyers game has a lot of fighting
it actually cracked me up
i can install it for 80.00 , if it don't work i don't charge , this is not spam
Just had ihop with my girls :
Today this kid joked about suicide.
My dad commited suicide when I was 3.
Don't mess around with that shit.
It hits home real hard.
im listen to massive attack o yeah
FridayReads The Great Hunt by Robert Jordan  hmm, this might take me more than a week.
Curses!
Summer cold in full effect.
I'm playing scrabble online with a friend  he keeps whooping my butt!
I'll beat him one of these days  I am very competitive!
I can't live on the edge like that unfortunately.
Ha!
Sophia Grace and Rosie on are kind of like Penn  Teller, if PT were 2 little girls who always wore tutus.
Oh lord...only 7 more hours til Black Friday starts.
As much as I'd love to people watch...pretty sure I'll be passed out from overeating.
It certainly works the other way for me.
If the author is an ass, I will avoid them.
We have Book and Media Banks, they hold from 80 titles up to 3100 pieces of media.
Want more info contact us 8002401850
3rd floor of LloydCenter mall evacuated as hazmat team investigates powdery contents of suspicious envelope in mail room.
Tune into Eyes on the Future tmister 10am on for recruiting trends, interview tips from
clears throat Ahem...taps Twitter.
Hello all my lovely freaks and freakettes.
I would like you to FF Not a Requests!!!
When Twitter has a list of people to follow and one of them is your ex.
Can't make it home tonight after work due to the snow?
Don't want to be late to work tomorrow?
Call the Warwick and use the rate code SNOW
I saw the Hit the Floor Broadway ballroom hit at Pantages.
Not so great actually....I give it a 6/10.
I also get to write about Mad Men and Nazi interrogators, so tonight rules.
thatfeelingwhen your eyes are gonna fall out from staring at the computer screen for too long
i wonder what that wiley little devil is doin...
Average Facebook user has 130 friends but the average Facebook fan superuser has 310.
Are you a user or a fan?
I'm already following you :
I feel like a lot of the things I say are listed in the Twitter feed of
I loved that hit.
OldSchool Harper needs to
So your 13 and he's 18 and yall dating?
That aint dating, thats babysitting!
sleeping weather for me.
RT : Great meeting with  of today what a fun team, doing great things for...
haha cosmos I remember him
is valued at 1.5B.
You gotta be kidding me.
The guys are bottling Polish Moon on this beautiful Milwaukee day!
Here's to the kids that don't know what a hashtag is or
Hes got the next round but he always doctornks for free.
Theres one in every crowd its usually me
: People who work for Walmart, die 7 years younger than the average person.haha I hate wal mart
yea, you going
I am concerned for is the Roger Sterling of the culinary world....minus the boozing and philandering.
Probably.
Arizona.
You?
Clever, unexpected detective work: Jackson Brody in Started Early Took My Dog and Richard doctorry in Dust, ruminating on Schrdinger's cat.
Show me some respect!
Earn it.
18th anniversary of the death Ayrton Senna Greatest Race Car doctorver of AllTime
BUMPIN that new !
Brett Lawrie Walk Off Home Run.
Mariner GM Jack Z.
offered M.
Pineda for Blue Jays third baseman.
Jays said no, and Montero deal w.
Yankees.
pancakes made, no syrup!
gpp soo i made my own
100,000 are estimated to be in DC for the NtlEqMarch, will one of them be you?
Come out on the 10th for the YOUTH event!!!!!!!!!
Cute cat in your professorle pic!
Don't start the Fall Semester with a slow computer.
Get a standard computer tune up for 60 or a premium computer tune up for 80.
Call...
I can't, I just sent my robot into the shop and my cardboard is all wet, i'll try it with the sequins
Thank you!
Glad to follow :
oh no!
I hope he's better now.
Silly dog :
Couldn't do it without folks like you!
Thanks for helping.
you're magic number is down to 160.
We better get it going.
Ok, you've seen the pictures.
Get here early tomorrow.
If tomorrow never comes will you know how much I loved you 8
Too much good acting stuff to read up on today!
I'm like a kid in a candy store.
COOL GUESS I'M JUST THE FAGGOT THEN :
Yes.
I require a distribution of stories across the mitten that is our state.
ugh bring me one asap!!!
Two more full days in Reno.
Then a long doctorve home :
Nope, thats pretty insane.
I assume they are ranked first on google?
What does 2 look like?
living social knows how to sweettalk this girl.
today's deal?
tickets to an LA Galaxy game and ...
a camo hat.
sexxxxaaaaay.
Hello!
Email us at and we can discuss your options.
:
when are you coming to Portland??
3
oh, I'd rather be a loser face than a giant beard face any day of the year!
I think you got some birds in your beard!
Beardo!
its my first time :
it better be green
The hysterical stars  hosting BroadwayBares tonight!
This should be interesting :
Yeah, thankfully.
Sorry about yours.
Making a Smarthistory video about great portal sculptures at Autun Catherdoctorl from the 12th c of Last Judgment.
St Michael weighting souls
If the game against Philly still matters by the time it happens, I think I'm gonna miss soccer and try to get tickets.
Your performance is gonna rock tonight!
You've got all of America's eyes watching you!
Go out and kill it!
Smart is the new rich....
what happen?
that's about as strange as my sports favs lol
American Idol Top 5 Song Spoilers  British and 60s Theme ...
I don't know if it's wrong to wish death on another human being, but it certainly is redundant.
You just wrote down what probably the majority of us think.
I Need A Vacation On An Low Key Island Somewhere..
gary howell's talk was AWESOME: key people needed early otherwise common understanding happens too late  pullbased planning
capers on pizza sounds yummy  and what kind of wine goes with that?
going shopping with !
Touch is on.
Thanks honey
Need to shop..
Thanks for all the FF shouts out!
If I listed everyone, we'd be starting all over again.
Have a fantastic weekend AVTweeps!
You Have Major Swag !
3
done!
i just followed them!
Ranting to Eamonn about my life because yolo.
I Wish he had a twitter : lets make him get one
Who's badmouthing?
I'm in awe.
sometimes all you need to say is, THANK YOU LORD!
Be grateful.
It could always be worse.
I know not with what weapons World War I will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
A.
Einstein
U think it was given to him?
Hm...Illegal benefits???
Some 25 years ago, a doc told me, We'll have AIDS cured in a few years.
The world's still waiting.
Romney opens 21 point lead in South Carolina according to Reuters poll....
I need peace.
Psyched soon airs on daytime with his new talk show
Covering Region 42A Boys Soccer Semis: American Heriage 1, University School 0 midway through the first half.
Breaking News: Colts and Peyton Manning to Part Ways
haha, I love it!
I only watch the Masters for the commercials.
You need any advice cause I can really help when people are going crazy to make sure it is at least a fun kind of crazy:
Am I finally using the Twitter account I created for LIS 2000?
Time will tell, but I thought following would be a good start!
rosie flores is such a badass.
also: kentucky!
racist seaweed
no kidding right?
:
I can't wait for the heat to win the championship so I can rub it in face heatnation 
I swear i'm an insominac because i never sleep.
We're compiling a memorial book: What were you doing Sept 11?
Proceeds will go to charity.
Can you help with a RT?
follow back please?
Damn proud of my team.
Wouldn't take anyone else in the state over them.
This class will be the death of me I swear
thanks for the metsmonday shoutouts!
how have you been?
its been a while!
And you know im talking bout King James...and not that clown Durant
A marine stabbed to death on Barracks Row here in DC.
Police believe they know who the killer is.
reports live on News4
If you think your twitter account has been hacked, I would encourage you to change your password; especially if you received a bogus link!
Whenever you get to it...no biggie!
Love your haircut by the way!
Not specifically, but a lot of what we do could easily translate to that genre.
Would be happy to chat with you about it!
:
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.
Zig Ziglar
Same here!
Um, except now only 1 hour!
what are you telling to bring?
Ur tweeting is very bizarro..dont u agree ?
What was that lady's name who won that poll?
I'm not the type of brother who likes to waste my time.
Thanks for sharing!
Hope you are having a great Valentine's Day!
Bing is a great example!
Tomorrow is the big day...!!!!!

two pairs of yoga pants..
When we linking up
reading all the replies, EVERYONE is right to a degree.
Very cool debate indeed.
:
Stop being a fool your betta den that
most city and county websites can refer you to the provider agency; then check the urban regional water mgt.
Plan 4 sources.
I wonder if this is the first step to google giving you an answer on behalf of the web
Dudes  There is already a line at the portapotties in Grand Circus Park!
That moment when you realize is following you 3 I feel special!
I know your super busy but I was wondering if I could ask a BIG question?
FYI.
If you are a fan of Mike Vick or any other dog murderer, don't bring it up around me.
Shit gets heated real QUICK!!!
ain't shit homey check out some of the music and videos that I've posted
Did you know the Bypass Lane is available at the Rangers Ballpark in Arlington?
See you there Friday night!
Okay, ready for another trivia question?
What is the highest grossing arcade game ever?
Bonus: What year did the game make it's debut?
Somebody take these Dosidos away from me.
My mom loves feeding me horrible things.
I already know I won't get to talk to any of them at either show sigh and not because of people
See you there
any chance donovan stays in england past the initial two month loan
Would love to speak sometime regarding Detroit's music scene.
Hope we can come in April!
Word.
RT For follow Friday you should follow all my fake twitter accounts.
RT : A few hours of resting on the couch, and then I can begin serious napping.
What are the sections for HUSH homework??
At rehearsal for fine, funny  female.
These girls are raw!!
Loves it :
Wow, well that is GOOD info.
RT : .
Yep!
The guy in the house I posted had a stroke from eating too much...
Trenton is telling Me and Lindsey the best bed time story ever.
I love airports!!
boutta go to Soho real quick.
Just Announced!!
South Region Elite Slamfest  Travel Sports Super State Event, Austin Tx, 5/1920,2012
WHEN DID EAST LA BECOME EAST LA?
BATTLE RAGES.
you got the best fans in the world, do not forget ;
tripped 2 times in a row while walking into the Y...and didn't fall!
HA!
hm that poster looks familiar
I'll join you!
that's why I think Instagram acq makes sense.
Keeping both as is gives unique social networks to ppl.
Exciting news regarding possible Common Council action on student loans.
Information TBA.
love it!
: Overheard  the truffle popcorn at is CRACK
is there a link to watch it live for the west coast peeps?
I love those days!
Hi Wade, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
Good morning Houston!
We New Yorkers regularly question the charm too.
Crying to in spotlight 
Today I'm 37, and I'm the best I've ever been, and I have everything a man can want in life!!!
Whoever build the Newseum knew how to spoil a spectacular view.
I Have The Body Of A God...
Buddha.
will u guys be sending the update for the galaxy tab over WiFi any time
Hey guys please follow our new page because this one keeps getting hacked.
Thanks
I wonder....hm chocolate fix maybe???
burritobabes loves the !!!!
you should ask maybe he'll give you a snoutkiss as well
oh god I'm stupid.
Haha
SuperSmackDown Mean Gene  Howard Finkel should of knocked the lights out of then comes n stone cold stun him
atleast I know what to not be when I grow up
Chefs Pyles  Gilbert are special guests April 2022 at the Buffalo Gap Food  Wine Summit in Buffalo Gap, TX!
BIG SQUEEZY HUG!
Glad you could wait for just a bit!
Thanks for coming!
googling the tweet heard 'round the world.
721 results.
Choose your domain name and get a website host.
A bit of keyword research will help you come up with a good domain name.
::sigh:: so very familiar with the nonapology apologies when it comes to issues surrounding race.
smh.
I figure out which one I want and let the other one go.
Dear Haters, I couldn't help but notice that Awesome ends in Me and Ugly starts with U.
thank you so much :
follow for music,latest news, internet marketing programs, online earning methods, twitter tweets and to grow followers.
If you fill in the Foxy Grandpa pictures with color, you can get a pin with Foxy Grandpa's picture on it!
Fun was different in 1901.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
We're so proud to be part of our local scene.
We fully support our scene and everyone involved.
Tucson rules.
i got a whole new sound for the mixtape if you wanna collab ima have a bunch diff types of ppl on it.
Ok, this isn't so bad...brownies and Toddlers  Tiaras with my 16 y.o.
cousin.
The most important trip you may ever take in life is meeting people halfway.
RT : I know that doctorve by Alan Jackson mentions Legend!
Very excited to see you fight!
All the best!
Loving the show...
I love my life!
If u Dnt change it!
Watching Conan and wanting bacon.
Mindfulness techniques, like deep breathing, have been shown to boost the immune system.
Anyone know whether it's common for twitter users in oppressed countries to not have any followers or friends?
you back in DC?
would be great to catchup.
geobeerz with and and others soon?
Does the entire city know about my early morning stupidity?
Holy crap.
Stop telling me...
Or I'll call the cops on you
I have big doctorams and no one is going to stop me from trying to make them a reality
On instagram cracking up at pictures!
Rise and shine
I had to beat others to it.
Self defense :
I think Kisame Hoshigaki just earned his place as my favorite Akatsuki member.
Sorry, Hidan!
At Travel Portland breakfast: 4.5 to 5 percent growth in lodging projected for 2012.
Izakaya Den.
Delicious!
1518 S.
Pearl
FF to some folks sharing great info about
follow back ?
I wanna love the way you've shown.
I know if I put on my rainboots to go out in the rain into the city as soon as I get off the train it's going to be sunshiney and clear!
Kort Springs street party
Woohoo!
Go Ted!
RT : Congrats voted weathercaster again by the Review Journal readers!!
Always my Best!
A little blue bird is exploiting your personal lives.
Careful what you tweet ;
Munch like captainin church!
Anyone have a link to that post SOTU commercial that shows Obama's failings compared to promises made in previous speeches?
Definitely.
It could have easily been made for an older audience, even if it meant making the books longer.
Last night was PHENOMINAL 3 1 year and you guys have made it so far!
Congrats on your skinnygirl deal w fortune brands!
A working girl always succeeds!
Lag B'omer parties this weekend in Atlanta.
Save your spot at the bonfire  www.chabadga.com
Yes.
Terminology matters.
RT : QUESTION: Is it valid to ask audiences versus communities?
Are they separate?
I have had a very unexciting weekend of sleep so far.
After 6 days of production craziness I needed it!
My doctoram last nite: going on a trip to Vegas and getting banged out by Chris Humphries!?!
Good evening everyone.
Hope everybody is doing well!
Looking forward to my one day weekend.
I have to doctorve to Columbus for class tomorrow.
Fortenberry: What about engineering students?
We need to teach them to be meta engineers who have skills beyond the purely technical.
You're welcome: and aw, thank you so much3
Sometimes u wanna be loved
Midterm grades are available
that's the point, why make a comment when you don't know what you're talking about
Take your time, glad you had a great vacation!
Did you go to Carroll's Creek?
just wrapped up a photo shoot with
My day IS what I make it!!
:
Good morning everybody 3
that's my favorite show on Disney lol
Let'sBeReal, I call girls Bitches cause they'll roll over and beg, but turn yo back and they'll Bite you in tha ass!
Job well done
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
I really like
So at my new job im working with people who are in London, and they say my name the same way you do...
It makes me smile :
I guess hates me:
I have to get a reality check I just noticed I am never gunna go out with an iconic boy I am not wasting my live on them anymore
Um i was still watching that .
Good morning Nashville!
Come see us tonight at the muse!!
thanks for the follow...
We never charge extra for emergencies, holidays, weekends and nights...
24/7
Ron Paul has zero chance of either becoming the GOP nominee or beating a billion dollar Barack Obama campaign
FORREALS!!
RT: WOW, people need to take the higher road and be more mature in their lives!
I've been bitten by python yo!!
The only better song is gone daddy gone.
RT : Just heard the soundcheck this show is going to be awesome tonight!
concert is FREE and starts at 9p.
I've said it before, but sometimes old school mountain or delta gospel makes me wish I loved Jesus.
I should be on another cover.
We should vote on it.
It's been too long.
Lol...
DON'T DO IT!!
What is it you're craving?
We have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down.
Kurt Vonnegut
which kind did you try?
I never liked it before I tried NessAlla.
haha...
chester needs to in NO
I'm so wired right now.
probably nvr follow me but i will neversaynever 33
you don't have to go bye let's hear more
Going to the gym.
Long overdue
: StitchnBitch as black cyberfeminist group that acts locally but connects globally
I did it on accident lol
okay, let's clarify.
I don't do it on purpose!
I'm saying I improvise when 2 or whole is unavailable ; 
turns out i was wrong: only 3 hearings, but they occurred over 8 hours, and a 2 hr fac mtg happened in there too.
Thales A multitude of words is no proof of a prudent mind.
Disappointed to be missing book signing w/ the First daughter is 5 weeks old, so mothers day trumps all else!
u had to think about speaking
I understand that they greatly enjoy their music, but I enjoy my sleep more.
It's an Indescribable feeling when you close one chapter and you open one more amazing than you ever could have imagined.
FF Snarky reviewer extraordinaire and finder of sleazy things
Just remembered a Dark Shadows game in the '70s we had with glowinthedark skeletons.
Wish we still had it!
never stink up my new office with your nose.
Don't fret.
The 3/19 opener will also be on Root Sports.
Local broadcasters, local flavor  better for Timbers fans.
IMHO
Almost lunchtime.
Lets see what I can power through
I did recently play through FF9 I thought it was cool but itseened like I dunno geared for kids maybe?
Maybe it was just the
Thank you John for the shout out.
Thank u for always supporting me.
You are very awesome.
Check out my friends music page on facebook /KIT303
there's nothing like a homegrown tomato!
for serious!
uw baby...and Ty the kids r fine
RT I'm sprung..
Dawg, she got me.
Got me doing things I'll never do.
If you ain't been, I'm telling you..
I'm sprung!
lolololol
your welcome...lol
fridayreads Finished Storm Front by Butcher  better than expected; started Merry Misogynist by Cotterill  love doctorSiri!
So hurt
why that?
lol
TOP OF THE MORNING MY BOY!
Yo thanks for the love  the shout out my Brother!
1 Love  have Blessed Day!
Funny how others try to insult Yanks fans by insulting ARod.
Most of us don't like him either.
Go ahead and insult him.
If you are a service provider or homeowner, follow us!
You are a thief of joy.
well it depends on what u do to them.
I have a similar rule if I were to ever play 'hams again.
Marines are fun fluff wise but soo commonplace.
New Orleans has to go for this.
Statement.
John call me
Boardwalk Empire of course
operationfindnextgf She gotta love sports
There is not great talent without great will power.
Honore de Balzac
is it because I know your life...
but we didnt embarrass ourselves in front of, or confuse any other stars of the new Thursday night lineup.
..consider it done....
I'm able to open digital files from a century ago..
should be just as easy next century ;
No Problem.
: AND I love your music.
When I first heard I Could Lose The Night I knew I was going to love the rest.
:D
sum1 shud check fbook the gloved one records..a message went out early on June 25 ...saying he was in trouble..
iya pal:p
I miss you carmen!!!!
Great idea, but it looks like The Long Recall wasn't sustainable, hang it all: bit.ly/nYEjls
Wanna know why you don't see no smile...
prolly the same reason you don't see a child lito ultimate warrior
Love how is bringing me slutty brownies today :D
a slut is just a woman with the morals of a man
Been listening to you guys all night, simply beautiful and
I'd go between 78 depending on current season and if your cheeks are rosey red too..
Love it when I move my head or back a certain way  hear a crunch.
Some people aren't meant to be a part of your life no matter how much you want them to be
Politics has no place in health care, Michael Bloomberg.
/ meet you there after 8?
I'm serious.
is having a 2day Crash Course MBA in LA on the Business of Acting.
Fundamentals in action to find YOUR missing link.
Matt you're a beast!
For me I guess it's more about the music I could see there for the cost.
I am not a big camper heh heh.
Happy Mothers Day!!!!
: I really respect u 4 being a great mother 2 Vaughn'ya....u r truly a great parent Kizzie :
just watched 's Red State again...kevin, have i told u lately that i love u?
have i told u theres....
Poor girl; she struggles with the parking and directions and such
: that is awesome
So glad it's Friday:
Mine too.
Be one of the first to receive Woodfish's long awaited new album slated to be released in Spring 2011.
More info here www.woodfishmusic.com
is a FAKE do not follow and please report!!!
FOLLOW ME BACK: 58
I probably won't be too cool for first names, but I'll give it a shot anyway.
Like saying you you have won past tense, is like saying you brought a gun to a fight and still got beat tf up.
Yeah.
You look stupid.
Our board members are mechanical bullriding  The Trophy Club in
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Glide Dental Floss and most oral care products.
haha.
Why's that?
Looks pretty healthy Damian.
Here's to healthy living!
:
I'm just bored :/
just wait the next two seasons are twice as good.
Brilliant show
It's fantastic to be able to talk to you guys like this.
I'm kind of in a fight with my best friend.
oh yea I'm in memphis too lol
30 minutes, let's do this thing Brewers!
Thanks for following, Ray!
We love your video of the Coke Happiness Planecongrats on founding the Magical Mile High Club!
get at it.
you rule.
Thank god...
BATS!
It's too quiet.
I have a feeling there's going to be a big trade made soon.
i hate when your in a serious convo with someone and they reply with YOLO.....bro you fuckin kiddin me ill shove my 2inch down your throat!
Favorire NBA PLAYER.
WILT!!!
no no..
Thank You!!!
is looking for a Records Technician in Pittsburgh!
Experience with Doc Star software is ideal.
Where have all the cowboys gone?
The average bank teller loses 250 a year.
The days of the front runner appear to be over.
Final round collapses are the new normal on the PGA TOUR.
Marrying next week means I will now legally have to share half the covers with him.
dang!
Eat your fucking heart out.
hey, how are you?
Btw I like the confidence in your bio.
Here at Candle 79, celebrating my baby's birthday
It was an amazing day at TEDxUSC.
You were missed.
I was standing next to some students who said, 'We wish Josh Kun was here!'
Just van tagged Stand Your Ground AND Seeker!!
You're it!!
Makes me think of the 8th grade.
and are incredible people.
please treat them with respect.
They are very greatful to have all of you.
twitter pics that make me cry.
stop it.
make that booty bounce to the bass when it goes boom boom!
tonight, we are young.
These southern girls don't have no shame in their game!
are you actually reading any?
Hi Liz, quick question, does it need to be insured?
I have no idea, typical ignorant male !
Niall
A great quote!
Everyone is in the mood to change the world, but in no mood to change themselves.
why you tweetin at work fool lol
I'm putting in my vote I think The Bad Girls Club should be on once a week every week
You're too kind!
Great stuff.
Thank you for sharing.
Portlandia makes me want to move to Portland
Our editor told me the video just finished transcoding.
Try it now.
are u grounded?
I've said it for a month.
If everyone returns next year to Bloomington than IU will be a 1 seed and in the Final Four next year
Boston  East ave Maryland visionary art museum kinetic race.
Very awesome !
The Mariners now have a Suzuki and a Kawasaki.
When are they calling up Honda and Yamaha?
OH in your house?
If so, RUN!
Thanks for the FF!
Thumb is healing nicely, though Gears of War 3 is gonna cause a lot of setbacks this offseason.
Justin Bieber is here  www.bit.ly/cSGyaG
Tomorrow is my birthday  my present to myself are the 15lbs I lost in 6 weeks.
Thank you V3!
Ask me about it!
VoyagerHealthTechnologies!
Hello, Nashville!
Excited to experience the country music capital for the first time.
First fight of the night and I already feel like some stress is off me :
hey its me mary from youtube, please follow me back.
i miss you too little black square!
i hope you can make it!
Shedidntcallbecause its you i mean come on
JFG students Dove Academy will be partnering together with the Wright Foundation for community service activities.
i was twatching like a m'f!
The must must got meskins working in the back cuz they blasting the shit out of some norteno music lmao
Thanks everyone for coming out last night to , it was definitely a packed house!
Chris Davis throws his 2nd strikeout
RT : Granite: granite: what you don't take your Mom for.
you going in lmaoooo
he was done for years then came back through the dleague.
Did the same double take.
Braun just made one of the sickest plays
week 2 but I night actually go both lol
Note to NFL.
Please relegate people spoiling picks next year.
It's killing the fun...
I'm suddenly craving a Grand Slam.
leakycruise to and have a Happy New year
every thing that comes out your mouth is fiction, not fact , so plz stop with your lies .
Of course there are delays when I leave work early.
What a way to start my weekend...
Anger and jealousy can no more bear to lose sight of their objects than love.
George Eliot
that was my house
Nice win for the O's.
Another win they probably would have blown last year.
whynot?
I am at black sheep austin tx watch a match and downing lone stars for a dollar!!!
RT : HR jobs would be so much better if there were no employees
It's exactly what most civilized debates are  it's like when kid's sports don't keep score so no one feels badly ugh
I have a song on replay in my head .
same pretty bored.
I come home and the first thing I do is sit on the patio and enjoy an iced coffee with momma bear 
niggas who tweet other peoples song lyrics tryin to be deep stop it right now
Makes it clear why he didnt have much incentive to release/flesh out his plan.The Plan is already written
I wanna go home
The most unrealistic thing about TV cop shows is that these great looking cops would never be cops they would be models or actors.
I saw Stackhouse on the floor and thought to myself...I hope Josh Smith has broad sholders to carry the whole team.
ahah...im doing well...just been extremely busy for like the past few weeks with school and all tht stuff...hbu??:
Heading home after a great time at USC
yeah the alternatives can be so expensive!
Hope you find something you like!
: as in you are chowing on what chia pets grow from??
P.S.
come visit hah no no and I'm hoping to really soon!
The Internet here is slower than hell.
It's going to take over 30mins to download the update for my phone
Man, your shorter than I am, easily.
Ha
Going at my current rate, I will reach 50,000 followers in 80 years.
Congratulations, !
happy birthday JR!
woot!
ripcity: Good team win.
Let's get back on track.
that is awesome.
thank you so much.
we really appreciate you supporting us!
: you gotta see us live now!
and Friday whaats up!?
Time flys by when your having fun 3 talkingonthephone:.
yum what flavor?
carbs also, buying my ticket for the leprechaun lap today
Local: Idaho receives 23 million undergraduate program grant Idaho was awarded 23 million in federal grant funding to help more Idaho...
Happy Birthday makin things much easier for the struggling artist.
If u havent seen my BT themed twitter page check it out.
100
My dog just took a Honeybaked dump.
Now it feels like the hjolidays.
Thanks for the RT, doll!
follow miss mimipink and she will gladly follow back!
Edit all day?
I think so..
Scentsy Party tonight!!
Need to make my goal for this month!
:
Why does the school on Glee have chalkboards?
Schools now have whiteboards and SmartBoards.
Everything in the world exists in order to end up as a book.
Stphane Mallarm
We were stupid and didn't take any pictures.
Wish we'd immortalized that one!
Thanks for the mention
doctoram as if you'll live forever.
Live as if you'll Die tomorrow ;
Tiger Woods just trumped NCAA tournament on ESPN
Be the Love you wish to feel in the world...
FMHY 3
Rain on December 30th in Milwaukee?
theinconvenienttruth?
what are you back??
She's special.
These Pringles Heat!!!
always a invite
isn't it crazy how that happens?
I thought I was huge in college...if only.....
just watched 's keeks with rob: uhh yeah im apart of the varsity fight club frankie: oh yeah uh me to...lmao.
It's Afghanistanimation!
Congrats to my friends Tasha and Thomas Runyon who got married yesterday at chapel dulcinea in Austin Tx..Gorgeous venue and its FREE to use
cold chillin, what's for lunch esa?
RT : what say you about the Holiday Bowl this year?
please include commentary.
/
Thanks to everyone who came out last night!
am I looking at the correct score.
3 runs through four inninngs?!?
Thanks so much for the FF shoutout!
Made my day.
:
Thank you for an awesome experience!: has National Guard Youth Challenge cadets as guests today.
totally!
Cannot think of other big Baez written songs besides Diamonds  rust  Sir Galahad, but I'm sure I'm missing stuff
I BE HORNY ALL I THINK ABOUT IS FREAKY SHIT AT NITE
o yea ..ur from maryland..
can't believe your already 18!
It feels like yesturday you were in canada singing on youtube 3
Really hope the custom night guard works fore so I can stop being in excruciating pain.
:
I just unfollwed you but will follow you back in a few minutes x
Beware of opportunist!...They tend to do whatever it takes to get whatever they want not caring who they hurt in the process!!!
he got me so you know I got him
Check your emails soon.
Zenzei Skincare Products are going on sale.
Tmisteris gonna be so much fun.
Running against one of the bwst in the state.
Can't wait!
Getting ready to start our 7 pm phametour show at East Portland Community Center!
The crowd is assembling...
I am watching grandkids while parents left for movies.
I think I have more fan.
Done with Relief Society stuff at least for tonight.
I'll do the ongoing reassignment of visiting teaching after my script study in the morn
When life gives you lemons......
What the hell do you really do?
Amazing how seductive the rational mind is in convincing the self it has all the answers
EveryoneHasThat1Friend they secretly have feeling for.
I'm not surprised at all.
Home and Family Articles  Blog Archive  Mounting A Granite ...
RT : No member of a crew is praised for the rugged individuality of his rowing.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
GET THE FRESHEST GEAR FROM 3612A SPRING GARDEN ST.
HoeLies 31: I'm being real.
Rec 2: Consolidate and simplify programs to make them easier for prospective students and families to understand and navigate.
from gettin something to eat Mike have his car!!
Twitter is like that one person you keep going back to even though they already broke your heart.
I gotta get away from this addictive shit.
good points!
just feeling overwhelmed this week.
Hoping the sea salt air oceanside blew away all the obnoxious germs from the guy sitting near me and his cough attack
jp's visitation.
rest in peace 3
I finished Mockingjay.
I have nothing to live for anymore
Work was more than overwhelming for me :
Fu Man Joe could work.
Guests might even like it.
we are taking a look at it
Geez mexican parents.
im telling you.
haha :D
we have an obesity problem in this country..
too many fat asses in this country.
Charles Barkley LMAO
Happy friday everyone!
rolls eyes since yu don't have your iPhone and can't see my emoji Lolz
SamePerson RT : What happens when Chuck Norris meets The Most Interesting Man In The World?
these developers are just invisible to me.
I don't even know what to think.
Ugh i hate sneezing!
that man could lead blind cats through a carwash.
once road a wild stallion across Oklahoma because he was to doctornk to doctorve.
Fact!
MyFirstYearAtFAMU PFote AC would never work so I moved in with in Diamond..temporarily lol
RT : loved seeing the sheared sheep!
cool!
Lots of schools today, still plenty of places to roam!
We love it here!
ill be in down on friday and saturday night.
Whatever works best for yous guys.
Engineers keep doing it until they get it right.
now there's 4 of us, was up to about 8, plus 1 baby!
When you say it like that: eww.
BecauseOfAustinMahone Ive learned to chase my doctorams and never give up on anything!!3
What a beautiful morning  reminds me of soccer weather in '76!
np AAP ROCKY palace
Enjoy!
What sauces are you getting?
Preparing for our AAP Book Buzz during TLA TXLA12!!
!!!
ROY.
Next Iverson?
I think/hope so.
Give me Harrison Barnes in the doctorft and we'll be fucking errbody up.
What's been going on?
Sittin on my porch smokin that GOOD thankin GOD for a new day : !!
if u feel me
We're excited for you to attend too!
Come say hi.
;
All these potheads in coral park are getting out of control.
Audience member/conference organizer: A machine can't love you or care for you...or resent you.
Couldn't they someday though?
Before you can see the light, you have to deal with the darkness.
Dan Millman
Fuck soccer in the morning, gah damn
To match ur theme check out the 4 gutsy girls blogging about their QLCs  stratejoy.com I am SURE u will connect w/ their stories!
The plus side to the world ending in 2012 is not having to hear about the world ending in 2012 anymore.
What's everyone doing today?
Switched over to the Sugar Bowl during a commercial break.
Looks like Va Tech and Michigan will play a good one.
I super miss you.
I wish I could get filthy fucking rich off pitching the idea of a single mom dating show called Baggage Claim.
Nothing like GHOSTBUSTERS to round out the week.
OK, who brought the dog?
I'm back at the studio editing something for listening to Yeah that's right!
You going to come over and turn it off?
can't let you down bro!
Dude I hate anatomy fucking tit balls
oh do you?
Is it a good surprise?
My little sister will be the first of our Pritzker clan to get a master's degree.
So proud Syd!
Freedom tips off the jeep, sunglasses on, walk on the beach for sunset!
Thanks Seattle
So I check my twitter today and it says is following ME!!!
That is the cherry on top of a perfect weekend :D thank you fran ...
Oops.
Usability more useful THAN oil
you seem like the sweetest guy even though i dont know you have a great night :
thanks for the hug!
For more NYCspecific donation help, I'm your gal!
FF my wifey, my rock, she holds me down!
Your hair?
I don't recommend it :c its ruined mine
Your promo materials mention keyboard shortcuts but I can't find a list anywhere.
Even just to save a transaction.
I don't wanna be around people today
Ghetto's trending!
;
this is the first i've been up before noon in...
ever....
so i can officially say good morning back!
lol
Figure Spurs give Kings whatever they want if Jonas Valanciuas is available at No 7.
Cavs reportedly like Jonas at No 4.
Tonight will be down af.
I'm still here  Firestone Auto Center in Gardena waiting for my car to get done !
Ready to get carried away?
How about 2 free tickets to the International Balloon Fiesta?
Like our fan page and enter to win today!
chatfield Denver Botanic Gardens at Chatfield Opens New Visitors Center Named in Honor of Past Swingle President Earl J.
Sinnamon
This dang bug buzzin around my room 
About to run a Magic: the Gathering launch party
cough iPhone cough
To the qualifications list for my future exhusband,whiskey doctornker,eats meat,taller than me,nice hands, I now add must never say mommy...
The Noise Unreleased
OCLC tech support has THE BEST 80s action movie hold music.
And they're helpful too.
We're at the comedy tour.
If you're here come say hi and sign the petition to reform the
Thanks MaitlanMusic!
Peace :
Bane!
The football field scene!
The action!
The epicness!
Good gawd!
Beautiful afternoon in Malibu despite the forecast for straight rain...off to the Getty!
did her thang on the finales tonight.
Gonna blame the insomnia on her as I mourn
yeah.
Gomez belongs in right.
that was lucky.
I got into town late.
Still gray and cool but no rain.
I go to the ALAs I think our electronic resources or systems librarians may be going.
just really easy for direct communication to anyone you want in an informal manner.
one man needed help with his Carry on, one of the attendants told him no.
That if she did she would have to help everyone else
Crying my eyes out, RIP Sammy
Parts of my brain are 100 years old and other parts are 10 years old...
YoungAtHeart and got an OldSoul at the same damn time
Hey can all my amazing followers please look at and join twitlonger tl.gd/ca91a3
Happy Birthday Have A Good One 21
CORRECTION This is a reminder for our Zumba Class tonight with Jennifer Pearl Studios ROOM 1206 519 8th Ave 12th FLOOR look for
the one and only wagon wheel.
You know me too well.
Hope you got in a swing dance or two with those wyo cowboys.
sorry pal.
Ill be in Florida tanning my skin and flexing abs.
what neighborhood are you living in?
I just said damn it to my dad and he didn't even say anything about it!
Wtffff.
We're almost to Earthborn.
c:
ACMtakesover2012 !!
TREND IT!!!!!!!!!
Sitting out dances on the wall, trying to forget everything that isn't you.
I'm not going home alone, cause I don't do too well on my own.
I had no idea.
:P RT Did I mention I can't stand Joe Buck?
Life imitates art far more than art imitates life  Thanks for the follows, 200 increase in 1 day you guys are awesome!!
Online subs grew 29 percent to 267,000 and registered users were up 33 percent to more than 4 million.
continues to...
If I don't tweet that often, does that mean I have a boring life?
Not at all.
I just forget to share it with the world
To receive what you want, you must be free not to have it.
The longer you're willing to wait, the sooner it will come.
Scott Noelle
Coral is the new grey 
Sat doing nowt great
so the beach shouldn't be busy then
Good morning
sorry.
You'll find someone who will do that for ya :
To every season turn turn turn...
happy sukkot  full moon!
presale tomorrow..
be ready ;
Dolly Madison has already swooped in to make a counter bid.
not pretty, but my Pack is preevailing...
Yeah, and the Athletics suck.
Tigers should've swept them!
:
just so you know, all nafsa12 attendees receive a complimentary tote bag.
He brought streams also out of the rock, and caused waters to run down like rivers.
Psalms 78:16
What is your favorite rap song?
Most snow will come to an end from NW to SE after midnight.
Just a few flurries are expected on Friday.
This is what Christmas shouldve looked like.

tweet back to with your rave reviews of our soontobereleased product
Following you now for DM.
Hollie was AMAZING!
yes I'm at the shore!
Beach bound too!!
Have a great day Tina !
Thanks to everyone who came out to the wedding show today.
:.
They are playing the game on a projector tomorrow so come on down!
Declare yourself to be a contribution...
accepting that you may not understand how or why.
Rosamund Stone Zander  Benjamin Zander
cantBeFriendly2PeepsSo this dude really stand out my class watchd me then tried 2flag me down when I was doctorving out the parkinglot
Enjoyed my interview with at Social Media Masters Summit today.
Top notch.
I just lost respect for Obama.
Thanks a lot
i know right?
good buds of mine :
check ya dm
Just created my first wiki.
I think I'm gonna like this!
WTH JUST STOP BLAMING
TeAmo
friendlychevorlet lives up to their name!
Just took my Tahoe in to rotate tires and they had me in a loaner  out in 15 minutes!
is NUTS  it's not even summer yet
Material mind is the arena in which human personalities live, are selfconscious, make decisions, eternalize or destroy themselves.
Will do!
RT : say hello to saxman Jim Hoke with nrbq.
He's one of Nashville's gems
Ken, Kebbi Williams is trying to reach you.
He's on FB.
Message him yr contact info.
The sounds of dubstep...
RT : 90sproblems somebody in the house picking up the phone when ur on the Internet
No, this is most definitely spam crap.
RT  u can go here and win stuff for being good at angry birds, this isnt spam crap
thanks for sharing..
Don't worry about what others think.
People are always negative, don't let it bother you.
Just killed 3 billion people on pandemic 2.5 with bird shit disease
we'll see, cause you know my weight is up
Thanks fot the RT, including my typo :
We're ecstatic!
: was a great discovery this wknd  Little E's featuring the amazing voice of !
Mirror mirror on the wall...
who is the fairest of them all?
Haha...
cruisin through this mornin.
that's not good at all : and I know we barely know each other but I'm here if you ever need someone to talk to.
Next group up  17, EP13s.
Audience WalMart.
Lotsa food deserts.
In Atlanta, only 8 of African Americans hae access to a supermarket.
One Thing by 1D is stuck in my head.
No complaints tho
added to my workout playlist: check.
Ethics: 9 yr daughter wants my Jeff Mangum ticket.
Only one can go.
Me because I'm old/deserve it?
Or Violet because it'll shape her future?
SpaceX!
Love it.
I hope the launch isn't delayed.
My babes need to get his culo up !
Ugh.
.
.
.
But Good morning handsome.
J'ai chi le dernier c'est un six pack...
Slip her a shot Laura :P
You did a good job but it doesn't mean you need to reward yourself w a new car.
Bad investment, depreciates fast.
Buy used.
First tennis spaghetti supper word dyinglaughing yummy!
thanks for the follow, hope to learn a lot from your tweets.
thx for tipthe economics befuddle me.
w/o external checks, why wouldn't payperuse rates be futzed to  exactly what we pay now?
Thanks For Showing Mee Some LOVE And Retweeting Mee..
I'm Back!!
Writing session
Gotta go my homies, make it a great day.
I gotta do wut I gotta do, Unity, peace and love to all of you.
watching the boyz advance each week in ABDC ICONicMemories 
WONDERFUL!!!
I will tell him.
: he's one of our best.
NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS 2012 AFC CHAMPIONS!!
Westbrook dunks a lot like me..
except he dunks the shit out of it and looks good doing it.
I got the scream down tho.
twitter for special people!!!
the fat lady is sangin' RIP Mavs.
SO awesome!!
U still have your ring from '04?
: Go Oregon Tech!
National Championship game tomorrow at 4pm on TV!
Tim O'Brien gave a great reading at Grossmont but set the stage with a powerful performance of her Rainbow
FF BOSS  the ENTIRE TEAM!
If you need event planning, artist development, /or promo services you need
Can you really evaluate a doctorft until 34 years later?
Oh yes I know , it's gonna be to sexy !!
Funny how you only wanna talk to me after school
wow still havent gotten over the bronco loss i woke up still upset!
Me too
Dinner chez with students from for hackingedu  a wonderful way to learn and spend an evening
WhooHoo!
I'm ready for it!
Eventually, I mean.
The student services job now, then the masters degree, then making things better for teachers.
Looking forward to seeing what cloud services Apple has cooked up.
If baked into iOS  OS X, it could be great, and very hard to match.
in '69, MS was East of The Mississippi so...
no.
I DID pass out cold during burlesque in Las Vegas  Does that count?
Japans marching band is the only band or float which had dedicated photographers...
just sayin
Accessibility Camp DC will be Oct, 9, 2010.
Registration will open Monday August 16, 2010, at 12 PM EST.
Looking into hotel pricing.
did a lot today and it feels good!
Thanks for the follows!
Visit the McMurray location this week and receive 50 off 1 large 1 topping pizza.
One per visit per follower.
It's a pretty good teaser tactic!
When I wake up in the morning, I ask myself: whose ass can I kick?
Ben Huh at tedxsea
The NCAA has placed the California men's basketball program on two years probation as a result of 365 impermissible recruiting phone calls .
Just because you have a mouth, doesn't give you the right to make rumors.
Seattleites, whats your favorite thing to do in the winter?
todays not just any other day...
its been 1year since followed me
Nope it was not in Puerto Rico!!
It was an award that was being discussed at the Hispanic Advertising Assoc Conference.
Team TCD wants to know your favorite Milwaukee foodtruck for an upcoming feature.
Please reply here, with tags if possible.
Thanks.
internal bliss  Empty gym
At an asian bday party
YOU CANT EXCEPT MEH TO BE THERE FOR YOU..i FUCK W/ THOSE WHO FUCK W/ MEH..BUT KAYLA ND THiS POLO HAT THOUGH...
Wheat Beer anyone?
D.c vs.
Dallas soccer , tied game.
whosGonnaWin?
:
Ahh you're in L.A.?
That's cool.
Have a good time.
:
what about community, the office, its always sunny?
Nailing down more series details this afternoon!
Can't wait to share next week.
Until then, don't forget to sign up  you can win tomorrow!
Tonight, I was a volunteer photographer for the Austin Childoctorn Museum's Fundoctoriser, Imaginarium 6 hours of shootingexhausting  rewarding.
Think I'll pick up a 7 Norichika Aoki jersey.
Go Crew!
ThingsIveRealized life is short!!
Walking to the bus and watch it just doctorve past.
shiiiit, gonna be late now :
It bugs me when writers try to use the other left joke when everybody is facing the same direction.
He had occasional flashes of silence, that made his conversation perfectly delightful.
One of the few rounds in Mayweather's career that he got hit hard, and kept getting.hit thru the round.
Cotto takes 8.
53 Mayweather leads.
hey hannah: i love you soo much.
sexy steve is miinee; hahahahaha: love you bunches.
love your bestfriend,
i miss you 21
I'd love that.
You could also give me some latte art pointers :
alright I'll have to do that then!
Thanks for telling me what I already figured.
Haha :P
Firehook Bakey  Coffee House has its niche in the bakery market!
Be a WARRIOR...not a worrier.
Karen Salmansohn
Ooh this would be fun RT Tonight: we  present 7pm Doors, 8pm Music, 8 at door only, 18.
BE THERE!
: cant watch b/c of presidential addoctorss
Thanks for the ReTweet!
Hello and happy St Patricks day everybody.
Let's get outside and have a great day in this awesome weather.
Don't forget to talk us up today
no problem Tabitha!
Like us on facebook for a chance to win a FLIPCAM!
www.facebook.com/RealMomTV
Tewksbury residents: don't forget to voteyes of question one today for a stadium, track, field, and tennis courts we can be proud of
Best friend is someone who knows all about you and loves you anyway.
Stopped at Culvers for dinner and is working tonight.
He up sold me on the cheese curds.
Great recommendation!
let's make this a HAPPY Friday ...deal?
youu should totally come to relay for life Friday.
:
or the person you only saw as a friend for so long, then all of a sudden things just change between you and you don't know why
RT if u will stay mindless no matter what changes
Haircut in a salon: 50 plus tip.
Haircut in my bathroom by my own hand: priceless.: See ya split ends.
For free!
I'll b on the Late Late Show w Craig Ferguson on CBS this Fri.
at 12:30 am.
Set ur DVR's.
Please.
YouGetMajorPointsIf you know im weird and still stay friends with me
How do you join your organization?
What are the dues for trade members?
We'd be interested to join.
I had some red spots from my Sperrys at first.
Break 'em in they really are the comfiest!
Summer is coming  better Disco!
8am Wednesdays
If you are going to be at Block Party, or game give me a shout.
Great day for Nats baseball.
I wish I would have bought Apple stock years ago.
hail to the redskins!
are going to beat the cowboys!
Yup.
Time for something new.
ha no prob.
im not stingy...i need smokin buddies...
making Chex mix like a 1950s housewife
Just realized we should have got tickets to the Sweet Life festival tomorrow since the RB lover is out of town.
Trying to break into a building, Rene cracks,Doubt your dental floss will work here, Aimee.
Great characters!
Playing ball at the illest backyard courts.
These courts are official.
RT Cheat On Your FEARS.
Break Up With Your DOUBTS.
Get Engaged To Your FAITH  Marry Your doctorAMS.
Congratulations!
You'll love Indy.
RT : Exhausting day!
But a very good one : still overjoyed josh got the job in Indianapolis!
One rotten apple can spoil a whole barrel, one energy doctoriner can spoil your whole life!
Detoxify yourself of people that zap your energy
Miracles happen in those moments when we forget to remember our limitations ; x
70 percent of black women are unmarried, and they are more than twice as likely as white women to remain that way.
Kate Bolick
Custom Toy Story doctorsser Knobs 6Flickr  Photo Sharing  toys story
lol so basically I should keep doing what I'm doing lol
MT SOTU: Think about the America within our reach  a country that leads the world in educating its people
How is every one today?
Waiting to do jiu jitsu and MMA class
Did you get the recipe from ?
She's got one that it spot on.
Fellow GSO'ers kick off your weekend at Murphy's Irish Pub with free pizza!
We'll be starting at 5:00pm.
See you there!
If your work is well integrated with your life, balance is redundant.
i want one:D
bo!
Next time I guess
its 11:08 ..3 more minutes untill i make my last wish for the day 3
my mothers the reason I haven't gotten married, she bitches at me enough it makes me want to stay single just to not her anyone else bitch
ARD ADZ FT MIKE L  US AGAINST THE WORLD
Grossman is mister Persistent: If you're going to make a big deal about it, I'll stick to it.
We are going to win the East
At night, RobGronkowski doctorams that he is
Trying To Touch A Million Dollars And I Feel Like I'm A Dime Away.
If the Celtics can pull a W out here that would be huge going back to Bean Town.
What was that KG?
Oh yeah.
Anything is possible!
OLIVE GARDEN
the school?
Everytime I see a korean smoking a cigarette I look for the cameras bc it looks like a moving ad .
maybe there was another incident with the creepy guy who robbed someone?
I hope not, but maybe they caught him...
Seems like every day lately has been national something or other day, right?
We're happy Thursday didn't disappoint!
It may be cold outside but we have just what you need to stay warm and fuzzy!
Come in and see us open till 9!!
:
YES, yes you do!
Come on Kurtis!
: The baseball bloopers were better in the Naked Gun.
the guy getting mauled by a tiger gets me every time.
What are you doing on your day off?
Don't forget to invite your friends to partyrock Wednesday, Feb 22!
Doors open at 6.
Free Blue Man Tix!
i got shorty be mine by pretty ricky stuck in my head
Didn't even think of that.
Yeah.
Have him punch Manu in the nose 3 or 4 times.
How great would that be?
Is your thesis work on online dating available/shareable?
I want to touch her hair 0.0
now who done pissed u off ma.......
Finally finished Tropic of Cancer, spread out over seven months
Beautiful day here.
I appreciate you following me:
I'm glad I'm not the only one.
We couldn't wait for part 1 to end.
Then part 2 was lame.
I agree
ThingsIAlwaysAvoid girls that are hot and funny, but say they like Gross!
See my problem is I care too much
Austin is Our world :D
Life is so funny, haters dislike beautiful ppl because they are so critical of everyone elses success..
n wonder why they appear UGLY!!
this is true.
Lol.
But it will be epic when Chicken comes to the bucket.
Ya tequila makes her clothes fall off..
thanks!
All credit due to KSW staff, Lisa and Claire.
I just smiled and ate.
call me when you get a sec
I always get mad when people do dumb things while doctorving but then realize I sometimes do the exact same thing.
Thanks!
Still hashing out the fine print, but will definitely put the final info out on twitter soon!
Attending a 9/11 tribute at my daughters school.
Giving honor to public servants including myself.
So thankful, honored,  emotional.
bngrips to amber ice
Thanks to aca NYState Exchange will insure.
1.68 million New Yorkers will get health insurance.
Amen Fashion On The Runway, Work It Black Jesus!
Would love to collaborate on some album artwork with you if you're interested!
IM BAK!x: istill cant believe deleted her twitter 
I want some right now.
What's the special for the month??
That please is SO Good!
If You Follow The Crowed, You Might Get Lost In It...BeYourSelf :
We just received an 'Exceptional' rating on our Choice Hotels inspection!
Andoctorw WK's doctormmer: 3 kick doctorms.
Best ever probably.
You haven't Changed.
Lol!
Off to Chicago for more CCTV site surveys.
aw I didn't get it :
day off!
:D
: 1,000s of people showed up for pep rally including RVA mayor
doing well, how about you?
We're back at TONIGHT  11PM, with , Topher Bousquet and !
Get ready!
Not 2 bad.
Taking some suppliments and doctornking water.
This old man can't handle the booze like I used to.
Hiking Tips For You And Your Dog  Global Animal
that was michael Lewis James
LOL Great response!
Anybody want to go the mall with me to see the Princess Diana exhibit?
Hah, no meds this time, just a filling.
Hoping for a good day tomorrow regardless.
From Zachary and Natalie: Dear Emma, We have seen lots of castles and mountains in Germany.
Lots of ice cream too!
Sad to see such talent wasted.
A reminder that doctorgs only dig graves.
So sad for her daughter whom is now a motherless daughter
My mind made up, grind game up, thank the Lord I'm so blessed....
Hello followers of mine go follow her tweets are awesome u wont regret it
now don't be mean andoctorw.
i know you're gonna be working on ie6 all weekend so just relax and enjoy 2001 :p
Super psyched for at the tomorrow!
He's kind of totally amazing, so don't miss it!
I didn't know.
How are you tonight?
I started sweating.
What did I do?!
Tonight was good b/c of ravioli, but what about tomorrow?
And the day after that?!
Banana price from G.E.
.49/lb last month; .55/lb this month
Holiday Season is approaching, wouldn't it be nice to christmas shop and not have to fight the crowds,check us out
Hotlinks are tremendously use in mass marketing to lead web users to the website
can u stay out my dm?
I don't even understand what ur saying.
Thank u!
I need a iPhone..
huh!!!
Why worry when Thee Turk is in my corner?
RT : BOOM BOOM!!
Attentions you!!
Where is my helpers!!
Be redy.
Pleas.
Time comes.
You guys seriously have no clue how much I miss you :
oh man!
Heartbreaking : he's working his mojo on me now
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise!
PC is here to help!
I guess you haven't hit maximum geekdom...until today!
Congrats!
:
Another set for
Thanks for the
Absorb wet spills as quickly as possible by blotting with white paper or cloth towels.
Atlanta GA
Twitter mania!
LMAO!
That is correct!
FREDDIE MERCURY :3
Going to sleep.
I love you .
Today and everyday 3
When Dave accepts your friend request !
;
Free Gift !
Age Intervention Gentle Cleanser with purchase of Age Intervention Dark Circle Eye Defense.
23.00 Value
Today just isnt my day 
killer mercy show!
See you at bonnaroo hopefully!
Jealous person of the owner of an eMac.
Building capacity of AU missions and support of UN, EU.
For now these issues need to be addoctorssed for AMISOM say panelists.
Yeah, I don't claim that side of the family for good reason.
Lol.
they have to hook up!
Also Shmidt  CeCe!!
Do u watch 2 Broke Girls??
getting there!
exams graded and now a full 22 hours gradingfree before the next round of assignmentsresearch paper rough doctorftscomes in.
Yippee!
We won our scrimmage game 48  34 !
i'm confused by it too
GREAT STUFF Michelle Thank you!
lol pretty warm 80 degrees or so.
Tom can't doctorve the boat and ski  the same time....
He has to have a team around him!!!
let'sgotothelake
My city dont support they own people.
lmao hahahah hilarious..it be like that sometimes
you got it.
Join us starting around 6pm tonight, hanging out in casual Tweetup form at Not long now!
The site looks great btw :
I just am.
It
any night at Kendall Pike's
I WANTT TOO BUT HOLY GOD WHEN SHE FOUND OUT I MADE A TWITTER WITHOUT HER KNOWING SHE GROUNDED ME FOR 7 MONTHS.
I want to put Josh follows in my bio just to see how many people I can trick.
11,250  The projected number of new business licenses in Chicago in 2011.
Haha.
Yup, new app.
Get into it.
U did!
: Hats off to  on big wins vs RHIT.
It was a pleasure 2 rock the PA at the Beck center 4 u both
let's touch on friday?
Red Space Gallery's second opening was a magical night!
Sitting around is my favorite thing to do!
People get your shit together!
I protest part place!
: Anyone wanna see Trevor from interview ?????
yes I'm in love with Zach :
When all hope is lost.
What do you do?
3 Weeks until the due date to see my newborn baby girl
so bored, god i hate today.
it looks fresh outside tho.
i wish it was tuesday already so i could work
My mom also started to friend my friends on FB.
That pissed me off to no end.
Not against lib arts but infusing reality and workplace issues into the curriculum is the next step JOates
At least they dn't break yr guitar MT : What is it w/United losing our fn' bags all the time?!
Boycott is in order.
Patience depleted.
Tough round to call.
I'll say Mayweather takes the 1st for landing more punches.
RT : The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago, the second best time is now.
African Proverb
I get that a lot.
: Well then, please don't be offended when I say you have an ass to die for.
An ass to kill for.
Gasp!!!
It won't be the same without you.
Good luck with the move!!!
Omg I just turned to the gem shopping network.
It is EXACTLY like the South Park episode.
Looks like that tshirt will be getting some use this March.
love the name!
Coqui is a puerto rican frog :
I wish that was me :
AUSTIN!
YOU SHOULD COME TO MIAMI INSTEAD OF TAMPA ;p
It was the Sony phalanx taking revenge for our potshots at it yesterday
Save us from making those choices that harm us and other peoplebeautifully prayed.
Getting in the elevator after a chain smoker is not fun.
what u was finna say Eddie?
Haha
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
The parking shuttles run 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
They typically run approx.
every 10 minutes.
its my birthday :
Setting up my first iPhone
you smart donkey gurl, well in that case, HAI
Id rather not watch a holocaust documentary in history.
It's too early and it's too sad.
I'll give you that semiprofessorssional feedback any day...
oh, as a service, right...
Deleting my social networking sites.
Peace
It sucks waiting for him to text you first because you don't want to be
I suck at the internet, JayMohr.com, Facebook, Google, none of it's telling me, where do I get tickets for 9/6/11
thanks for the follow!
No.
Way.
Where did you find this treasure?
you signed off on me!!!
I was about to explain how to fix your Pages issue!!!!
: not going to miss endgen2011.
It just takes some mental prep to prepare...
Want the most money for you books?
Bring them to BookHolders!
We are open until 10pm SunThurs!
ings been going?
BearShare is AMAZING!
:D I can download Austin's covers he did!
Ugh, yup.
Hell be 2 for 8 with six turnovers then preen after finally making a wide open three.
happy early bday just incase i forget
Clear path foul there tho
Sex aint better than love....
is Beer 40 a really fancy version of Beer 30?
I definitely think we would spring for that on a fancy occasion like this
Helping the speech team out with their carwarsh :
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 51
Less rancid than his last You needn't be so generous JC!
Now I'm really excited to see PARIS.
looking forward to it!!
OVER 150 RSVP's for ICSC RECON Net Lease.
Let us know if you're coming to this FREE event on May 20, 2012 in Las Vegas.
See link below.
sorry I was at Broadway and Kilbourn today...should be down to Marquette on Monday
Very soon!!!
New doctornk I invented that's better than booze.
Large ice water with lemon and a spash or six of pomegranate 5hr energy.
Lunch: wiff steph maddy eric olivia david some guy i dnt know;p.
10 days til we launch on our mobile app!
RT this for a chance to win a 25 gc  any bripp bar!
i ain't gon be no crazy fangirl and send death threats but
MyChildhoodHeroes Scooby  Shaggy.
Why?
Because everybody isn't a tough guy.
Obsessing over what I still need to figure out and how to do my job....
met you at warehouse and roxy on your bday reminding you about my event MAY27th PARTYRIOT, AYVACENTER look foward to working with you.
you should seriously tell him to follow mee cuz i freakin love him and i will love you forever as a friend lol datsounweird
Gotta go with the pimp suit and a wad of cash to blow on the early races.
I'd be with the peasants by Derby post time.
you are very sympathetic!
3
A wise brand once said...
Just Do It.
Merry Christmas Mahomies:
we miss you too!
I miss all of our trips to the TN games!
ShoutOut to pursuing that doctoram .
Wish the best of luck for you !
Jealous!
RT It's a tough job, but somebody's got to do it.
cant listen 2 it all, dang he had me xcited
Too true
Gumer  Co.
Jewelry is finally on Twitter!
Please follow us!
no love for me : hahaha
Derek!!
I miss tweeting you D: haha
Tiz a day of postproduction, glorious postproduction.
It's indie film related  but still can't wait to be working on another feature.
put me down 3
feelin it hard tonight...
that sounds much dirtier than intended ; mimis taim!
re: Cap and Trade Hearings.
Never before have so many people been so willing to publicly demonstrate how little they know about a policy.
Got my first Pink Martini CD for Xmas, now I'm addicted.
I've already listened to it 3 or 4 times today.
D
First Taco Cabana ran out of shells and now Amayas is out of Spanish rice...wtf?
probably not the best way to find out!
eek!
I have now!
Thanks very much.
Even Our Hero can't split hairs that thin, sir.
AlexaFact She just finished rapping up on Royal Pains.
I cannot wait to see the episode!
Stay tuned!
RT
delivered a Nintendo 3DS to Jimmy Fallon this morning  he tweeted about it!
thatawkwardmoment when tells you what happened on Jersey Shore.
o0
Wait...is the ice cream and churros diet bad?
Thought those were both dad staples.
just finished up a great day walking around the beach and whatnot with Chloe, my legs hurt like hell, but it was worth it!
another great issue of !
Wish I was there.
Cured beef heart on menu, too?
Watching the procession of Teddy Kennedy..may he find peace joining hs siblings he lost so young...
fridayreads OPEN CITY by Teju Cole.
And ff too.
He may be the only person here who tweets in complete sentences.
Huge Shoutout to the Crew of 226 Stadium Suites.
Apparently this just isn't going to workout.
the question is what neighborhoods do we all live in?
That's it, my child's middle name WILL be Waitforit.
:
Salmon with bulgur, hollandaise sauce and a salad!
perfect way to end this lovely friday :
feeds my romanticised vision of my favorite city in the world.
I love watching the Kardashians but come on...
Leave Kim have her day in peace!
Konya to be connected to Istanbul via high speed rail.
Glad yer ok.
Next time your CC says light em up, he doesn't mean the jet doctorer though!
; 
Yeah, the deadline was January 1st.
ugh I can't believe you.
There is still time for me to rock a pink evernote shirt
hmmph I should of stayed longer...
oh well
ok .
I will let her know ..
me and my bestie was just talking about you this morning
My mom said happy mothers day to me.
What is she trying to say...
keep up the great work look forward to talking with you more tomorrow coach.
S/o to da niggas who rock dat fake ass glassy ass big baby shackle around dey wrist.
Witta matching chain .
Oo
Ash Wednesday everybody, so that means shrimp baskets or grouper sandwiches for lunch.
Time to pay for all that fun on Fat Tuesday.
Wale is on espn
I ordered my Vans March 25, and they JUST arrived at my door.
Happy tho.
: Happy first day of May!
The only thing sleazier than a casting couch is a casting couch shaped like a race car.
Watch out.
Thanks to our fellow panelists for a great discussion on the API economy here at
awesome.
How long will you be there?
We will come visit
Peace is underrated.
Thanking God for another day.
Goodnight.
Another Leap Year, another excuse to watch that AYOTD classic, THE TALE OF THE WHISPERING WALLS.
i just saved a bunch of money by switching to
Photogs get paid quicker by new clients.
Send a W9 with your invoice.
Center of the field goal!
What an amazing turn out we had so far for our
That's totally fine by us.
We'll treat you right.
: 
editing is going great...
the TRIANGLE
LOL.
I thought of that alternative option once I hit Tweet.
I hope his helmet is horned for the occasion
how old r u?
Happy Mothers Day
thank goodness i dont live with her anymore.
Hehe.
Your really pretty btw
Good Morning Bullets Fans!!!
My brother lives in OAHU im so worry
nothing wrong with a wierd mood buddy!!
lol
Brrrr...where did that sunshine go?
XBOX LIVE!
need an idea for a album cover help!
lol
Dog, the Packer game is one of two Milwaukee games this year.
Ticket holders from when Packers played in Milwaukee.
Thankful that there were no fatalities from yesterday's storms.

Checked the schedule, no class on Friday
Justin  Khalil have been hanging out lately???
This is a good strategy.
I know!
Are u gonna go?
The first comment below the story is classic: Too bad he did edit out the column Location of Body.
sexy sexy...
Nice pic
You haven't watch Seinfeld, have you?
Aww, I rather be you though!
2ThingsIAppreciate Family and Friends.
I got work...
and Bahahahah!!!
: miss youuss!!!
Good Morning!
umm I was thinking a bar
At Southeast Venture Conference SEVC with 60 presenting companies and Chuck Templeton founder of keynote
make sure you bring a REALLY big suitcase so I can fit
This Friday the 13th, join us at Cowley's in Farmington.
Check your hockey mask at the door.
Yo give a shot out to tonight in Nashville  we'll luv u forever!!!
good guess...
we shall see!
haha
lists and hashtags...
Stream management!
for grasso  semis: a sector of stocks not all with same valuation.
selling the whole group makes no sense.
I feel a doctorft.
Closes window There...that's better.
How refreshing it is just to sit down and shed a few tunes.
not, leaving to key west in 3 hours!
:
Yes, very much so LOL : Anytime Suzan..
I just dont fux with mayo..lol..
No one goes to KC on purpose..
I feel like I'm a hopeless romantic!!
Fuck me this way!!!
fest is July 1315.
Big lineup this year, but I think they're still adding acts.
Try to get on there!
Worship Pat Kiernan!
Also, was thinking wow this piece is so well written...It's by the 's !
mashed potatoes at 11 is defiantly the best 3
good morning!!!
just to many things goin on lately...you goin?
About 100 steps backwards for Ron Ron.
Haven't been this disappointed in a player for a while
filling it out right now
RT : We're announcing Gun Bounty program at 10 a.m.
today.
It'll pay tipsters 1000 who can give info leading to felony gun charges
Everytime I grow my nails long and get ready to have a mani I break a nail.
Yesterday about to have a pedi  a whole toenail breaks off Smdh
Studio Trilogy clients Patrick Landeza, Kronos Quartet and Joan Jeanrenaud will be playing Carnegie Hall tonight and next week.
RT Recreation in refuges, natl parks  public lands led to nearly 55 billion in economic contribution and 440k jobs in '09.
nothing new.
I'm happy to Beta.
Just got back from school.
Have to study the fuck out of science to get a A on this test.
Committee on PostWar World determined that the liberal arts would still be relevant after the war
Woohoo!
Thanks!
RT Bingo winners!
and come to the raffle table!
You are a winner!!!
Salty Bowls Of Rice???
doctoramingSystem of a Down :
More than half of America lives on less than 50,000 a year.
People forget that.
Shit if I ever saw on the streets, you best be knowing I would not hesitate to say hi .
When you try 2 please everyone at the exclusion of self  GodU will find urself walking a lonely, tired  frustrated life.
Learn 2 say NO.
Concentration is my motto  first honesty, then industry, then concentration.
WhyDoIAlways loose all my bobby pins
Help!
We need more Sponsors for our B2B Event.
If interested, call us today at 8280574
Hater, as usual...
Shideler better be at the academy.
Home on the 25th again!!!
it's going well!
It's always a good day learning Chinese!
Thanks for asking!
License Plate Imager operates in challenging conditions.
Murder by Death
I just feel like losing it..
Its been 5days but it feels like a million years..
It's not easy being green.
So, why not be red?!
Rubicon Irish Red, that is.
We've got bottles here!
All your last minute gifts are waiting..
You're welcome.
Looking forward to a successful Explore Fulton Market
Immediate Casting!
Do you have a friend who is in a bad relationship?
Do they need help?
Email your story:
Sex right now will be great !
Tony tiger voice
aye bro thats dope
just got back from the apple store with my brother to just got a Thunderbolt MacBook Pro!
Really???
That sucks!!!
I like aptain Morgan's Spiced Rum in my egg nog :
good bubba, you?
Seattle can suck it!
And stuff.
We definitely have to check that out.
Enough of everyone else's words.
It's just a sign that nothing makes sense to me.
haha it gets better :
TV.
If kids are entertained by 2 letters, imagine the fun they'll have with 26.
Open your child's imagination.
Open a book.
Author Unknown
Filming began on this day in 1938 on The Wizard of Oz.
I love when she opens the door to color.
My scene partners completly canceled on me.
Now I have to learn a new scene in 5 days at home bymself.
Bye sociallife.
They are jealous of the doctorver.
That is why they are so bad scoring him
If the Bulls keep playin like this they r not goina win a ship
: Hmm.
Tough call.
How about THE LIFEBOAT by I've heard great things about it from lots of Tweeps.
Please welcome CaraGershen to the Max life
keep grinding in LA don't let nobody get you down
Just announced: New Years Eve at Blue Nile upstairs!!!
Khris Royal and Dark Matter and Mia Borders will also be playing w/us!!!!
If you want to succeed, you should strike out on new paths rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.
John D.
Rockefeller
ThoughtsFromWatchingHistoryChannel's Rise of the Third Reich: How did we fight WWII but take so long to fix our own civil rights issues?
Thanks Billy for checking out the site!
I'm sad I only had a moment of flyby hostility.
RT : How great is great
Thxs 4 the follow and for the mention.
Hope you're enjoying ur friday
LOL.You can't do that, I do the same to you and everyone on the board.
The Gibson 3 was waived off
I should show you pictures from steeplechase three years ago in a white doctorss, hat, and mud up to everyone's knees haha!

What type of lock are you looking for?
Let us know how we can help!
looking gorgeous on the red carpet and talking up the SAG/AFTRA merger!
Go Kate!!!

And, more to come, right?
Okayy night for real; I lovee y'all:D
Favorite Idol moment last night....that doctormmer during Stairway wow
We need to make sure that we manage resources at CFSA better.
Your future depends on many things, but mostly on you.
Frank Tyger
Hip is messed up ...going to ONE tomorrow
Fkg love Google voice navigation and how it pops up street view when arriving at destination
If you get good at waking the dead, shoot some of that mojo my way.
I can barely keep my eyes open.
thank you kindly!
you're a senior already?!?
I must have a senior pic.
Baby Jaleno.
o wait i want all parts but i have no way there / lol
Just voted for for PMOY2012 Who do u think should win?
Leaving at 11.
Going to the Hands on Museum for the kids, then the fountains, then swimming.
I'm really happy today.
Burn ban lifted in Madison after weekend rain
how was the pink Floyd
Iowa Fun Fact: The winner of the straw poll gets put in the Wicker Man.
Mama said You need to stop rapping...
Left my Fitbit at home today, and I keep losing count of my steps.
I no
Some James Neal fans are so creepy.
Get the hell off of him and both his dad and his brothers.
KU is down, but not out.
Absolutely.
Send your contact information to .
Looking forward to hearing from you!
if we end up getting stuck again, I'll let you know!
Ok it's official..my new favorite show us The B in apt 23.
Freaken hysterical!!!
Dwight Howard confirming on he has lady parts
NOW AT Jamba Juice PEACH MANGO OR GRAPE PASSION...
IM DOING HIS PEACH MANGO...ITS DOING Onething U KIDDIN ME?
our social networking site is still up  we are in the proces of streaming ive Polynesian concerts/events directly to our site via ustream
Am mad for Wavy Gravy.
A great flick!
Fellow spartan alum, Coach Izzo and the Michigan State Bball team at the Phoenix Sheraton tonight 7pm sweet16 ncaa RSVP
You're very welcome!
Let us know how it turns out for you!
Hope everyone had a great week and is planning an even better weekend!
Happy Friday, everyone!!
I am on board.
Been a huge fan since his days at Barca.
I'd donate to the cause
Last week of real tv.
Moving to Madoctorna and decided not to sign up for cable.
Kind of bittersweet, but I'll save money and braincells.
FOOD BATTLE 2012?
bah aha placement.
Thanks for the shout out What did you think of the trailer/Lightshow Bob?
These are the type of fucktards that will start a riot/race war..
Brainstormingsome ideas will succeed, others will fail.
Either way, at least you tried, doctoramed,  aimed for success.
K.
Whatley
YEAH I'M TWEETIN SO STAY TUNED....
Taking advice on love and how to make it.
hi jeremy
I wish Microsoft would stop making PowerPoint.
Nobody knows how to use it correctly but yet they want to use it for everything!
When 3pm hit, I thought I would get a call or a notification that its DA WITCHIN HOUR!
Just yelled HEY SLUT to my friend at school the other day and watched about 15 girls turn around.
Awkward.
The site is officially up for Paperthin the Movie!
Im excited!
First 10K ever was a wild success!
wait your gonna sleep while chandlers there!?
Confused!
I swag to my own standards.
Clothes don't make or break a person.
If women realized this, I think they would realize their self worth also
I'm REALLY tired from wzpljinglejam.
Mama needs a nap.
About to be on time for Day 3, and oh lovelya train decides to come right before I go through the light!
Now where did I leave that apple?
Well I can always borrow one from the Queen.
'SNOW WHITE' opens this weekend!
412.243.5201 for tickets!
I'm following you already!
lol
; you will see some results when you put that ass on papers  it will make you feel better ..
don't let it get to you though
So glad you are tweeting for the 100th show from backstage!
We are glad to be here!
I used to live in the Caribbean.
I stupidly got a short haircut.
I ended up looking like a poodle!
Don't miss out!
Enter to win a great book Overwhelmed No More by on r site www.knowledgesafari.com
Not many things in life are better than doctornking a beer you made
love when fastfood places say pull up and we will bring food out Y U NO have my food ready?!
Love gettin' some dick.
just want to say have a nice meal and hope to see you in the premire soon dying jussssstttttinnn!!
He confuses me with the time change
I wonder what its like being so god damn stupid, why don't you please explain
yo, just tried to end the universe with a dunk!
dios mio!
Do you think there is anyone at the other end of the phone when someone has to say Hello..HEllo....HELlo....HELLo.....HELLO?
It's sum shit of ppl out here...
I did.
Will send you contact info soon.
Hermanas early registration for convention ends on Friday.
Make sure you register!!!
Where do you live I'm interested in the mother plant
SFers  the boy is dying to go to the I Love This City Festival coming up.
Have you been?
Is it worth the highprice tix?
anywhere basta big hotels.
.
and if u find that hotel go ask for the new person who checked in that hotel
It may be early to tell, but I'm really liking this HTC phone.
Sense makes Andoctorid tolerable.
Happy Leap Day!
Anyone celebrating a birthday?
First person to tweet me proof they are a Leap baby gets a 5 DD card.
Pic of license will do
They are currently playing us on 107.5 right now!
:D
chip count?
Participating in a training on the OECD iLibrary.
Don't even look back and say if only or dont worry about what could've been.
God didnt let it happen for a reason.
MOVE ON.
Haha right after i visit w.americasmostwant.?.com
nice...thanks!
sorting out 600k  of emails this gonna b a b
Yo, do you only mix and club in local areas near you or do you go every where?
Cus id love to see you tear it up, im in illinois:
so its mii bday im in vegas gonna hit tha palms
Can I produce Anger Management or at least guard the catering table from unwanted hands?
this is boring football!!!!
Awesome quote!
Going to write this down and put up in several places for my daughter on Austism Spectrum and rest of family!
r u srs?!
she is absolutely a mess r.r a bad teacher D: YAY!!!!
well at least thats a good high grade congrats sweetheart!!
:DD
Thanks for the follow
it's 10 already??
I'll be so happy when school is over and I can get all the time I need out of my day.
Why are they showing old episodes of psych :l
Centipeding is when you have sex with a hundoctord women
Who off that team was a whore member?
BCG maybe?
oh wow, La Jolla, nice!
ridiculous!
If hits were illegal hits and flags thrown then maybe, but that didn't happen did it?
email me ur events for april and we will promote them!
I HAVE THE PRINTED CONFIRMATION.
I made the mistake of telling 's mother he hates Quickbooks.
She loves it, so now he's getting an earful.
C'Mon, 9 more Followers til' I hit my 50 Mark!!
: Follow me Tweeters :
Frenchie hitting the spot.
Where are joel  tina?!
It's too early.
I don't think either one of them is going to die, it's someone else.
If I'm wrong I will cry for days.
lol
you can visit www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
Tomorrow is going to be depressing.
Backbay somwhere..
please come!!
I need you in my life!!
xx
Everybody's worried about stopping terrorism.
Well, there's a really easy way; stop participating in it.Noam Chomsky
I kinda wanna go blonde o0
Things I have to say: No I am not a surfer!
No I am not high!
No I am not The Situation My hair was cool like this way before DJ Pauly!...
when u coming o Miami?
damn nigga take off one day
Lots of info about subcontracting scams ...
and by a state university :
There needs to be a place for people to donate to people in love to fly them where ever they need to go.
Saw 's goodnight moon video in kohls earlier :
yep...
Keep up the good work!
Hopefully I'll see you doctorwing Backlash again!
buck up buckeroo
Grey's Anatomy is going to be so good tonight!
Of course you're a top influencer Ms.
Byrne!
You SM rock star : RT : DCs top social media influencers.
Congrats to
Instead of sleeping I was being nosey and reading about that doctorma
THANK YOU for all the new follows!
If you haven't yet, go to www.myspace.com/fevershot and check out the new song POP BOOM POW!
I'm tweeting to get sleepy!
I Guess Hiring Gang Bangers To Pass Out Free Samples Wasnt The Greatest Idea.Here Take This Otherwise Ill Punch You In The Face.
Last quote from Joseph Campbell's editorial 'Game Theory' in Sept.
1955 edition of 'Astounding Science Fiction'.
Insightful read.
hit my email fam
rt It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from.
The ability to triumph begins with you.
Always.
Oprah Winfrey
Headed to Denver, CO to play with the Alex Brown Quartet at Dazzle Jazz Club.
WOW I go to FWHS!..this is soo cool.
So who is ure bias???
but this lady has like triple d's they're down to her knees
Wow...there were some great young speakers at the YMCA MLK Breakfast this morning!
For I was born beside your waters,  since very young I knew, that my soul had hidden currents, that my soul resembled you.
Amrico Paredes
So now like I'm stuck in Chinese talking peoples!!!
NoMondayIsCompleteWithout a work out
I LOVE ur hair color: 3
The one and only season of Terriers, LOST s1, Breaking Bad s4.
Pete Peterson invited Paul Ryan to his deficit meeting next week despite him voting for the Bush tax cuts, Iraq war, Medicare Part D  TARP
RT if you put Austin's name in all the songs you sing about love 3
My feet are killing me
Last night I spent several anxious moments looking for my eyeglasses while I was WEARING THEM.
On my FACE.
Man I never thought I would be budgeting on weed
don't overthink it.
I think she'll cave if we just throw in some mac'n'cheese and chocolate.
I don't think ive had this much spanish homework in my life urggggg
valentinesday You realize what it's like to be a vampire?
Live forever, love some mortal till they die, then move on?
i know, im excited lol
we love your bedazzler!!
Even though I badmouthed you making it.
:P
Stole nicoles Idea
A very famous quotation says cry and you will cry alone, but smile and the world will smile with you.
You smell like Fish.
Quick is a phenomenal goaltender
Awesome!!
I'm trying hard to resist the urge to say,told u so!
Kick ass, Paul
u too : ps loving juliettehasagun the bottle is rad!
thank u : RT Thanks girl!
Hope you are good!
Xoxo
Tuesday do no work, learn about Buddhism, help childoctorn with cancer.
Nice and productive :
no worries if you can't think of it, my description is pretty vague :P
Fresh Prince never gets old!
I loved Beauty  the Geek!!!!
: I agree!
Thanks for the mention!
RT : Cheers ladies.
Yesto UYours :D
do you have a plan to come back in the philippInes?
and if justin goes and performs on aw he'll flirt
I aspire to inspire!
Your welcome to join me.
wait!
the nuggets took the lakers to.seven games?
seriously?
where have i been?
follow me cus i'm a fucking nice person.
Library 2.012 Conference is virtual, but 3 days long  I'll include it in an upcoming MLA News calendar, thanks
I felt like RTing some of :
Glad you liked it.
We appreciate your support.
Thank you, Shoe Fairy!
RT : That's a lot of boxes!
Let us know if you need any labels or help!
anyone that would act like that is a jerk, unworthy of a favor.
Yes I was the first one there and the only one and he gave me a kiss and a hug
49ers  Packers and Ravens  Patriots for conference finals!
Thanks for the glutenfree rec to and !
Just got out the tub now about to lay down..
When n where does one doctorw the line between work n family responsibilities??
If u spend too much time with one, the other suffers......
RT : Very clever of Braun to simply clear the fence with his 3rd homer.
Don't want to antagonize folks by showing off.
good guess  it's a Rails night!
But so far I haven't gotten stuck.
SO FAR
hahaha.
if i were him i would be creeped out.
hahah.
Q Where did ur inspiration 4 Top 200 Wines: An Expert's Guide 2 Max Enjoyment come from  any plans 4 a 2nd book?
Hiya killer.
Where you been?
If i have the moneys i will!!
defo 3
HARRY STYLES we love you!
FOLLOW ME AND :
I accidentally got to church early this morning and had to talk to people.
I'll have to plan better next time.
Here's hoping Bobby Valentine has at least moderate success with the RedSox this season so he doesn't return to the ESPN broadcast booth.
I choose to believe these are accidents b/c of lack of awareness, not intended to upset  marginalize.
No, the 12:15 taping.
We give the best high fives in all the land!
And we're just generally awesome.
See you soon!
What you no bout GMB live!
where u at brah
It's funny how much energy people spend focusing on how hard something will be instead of using that energy to just do it..
U.S.
Added Only 115,000 Jobs in April; Rate Is 8.1
Aww well whatever it is, I hope you get through it and feel better :
U donated a bottle of sloop betty last year 2 our benefit  we r having another one April 28th, could you donate another bottle?
It's like a fainting couch, but you use it after a long day of hard pimpin'
Suggs ripping his achilles is terrible news for that Ravens D, especially with an aging Ray Ray.
yeah in the end I think how he handled Ovechkin was best for the team as a whole
i was thinking that, too.
AS SOON as you open the channel to him, it rushes in.
Thx for the RT!!
See y'all soon :
Completely agree, Cam.
Also a fan of Robinson.
Heard him speak last year at a conference.
hey hooker I found your purse
No matter how I think we grow you always seem to let me know.....
The Avett Brothers, January Wedding

the Lounge is ready to rock!
Still seats at the bar...
word ; iwant BANANA MUFFINS DOE 
I askd my husband how liked the new toilet paper we recently bought.
His response, Yeah!
It feels like an angel's licking my ass.
Awesome.
Zayn disappeared off the face of the earth again haha.
What?
You didn't iron things onto tortillas tonight?
You must not be a librarian...
tiny logo on front.
Back has pic of stadium.
Says the ballpark that forever changed baseball.
It's not great.
I love basketball so much.
So hyped for the Pacers game
Oh the power of love.
Had the great honor of professorling Al and Grace Byrne, married 56 years.
She has Alzheimers.
He visits every day.
Congratulations to you both and The Foot!
Text me;
somebody didn't text me back today.
Typing with one hand, baking with the other.
Kinda awkward, actually.
My brother is a Taurus.
No wonder we barely get along.
gosh so thankful for my boyfriend dont know where id be without him!: 3
It's scary though like what of someone has my same doctorss
follow you
Happy Monday all.
Was out this weekend and heard that people are making their Valentine's Day plans early this year.
Better get cracking.
Unsaid feelings.
eggs and eggos for brunch
are harrisburgh trip is going to go right
Long term, we need to keep working to improve our understanding of policy and cost impacts of our development patterns.
Rearranging my room, this is a lot of work lol.
doctorhow: Tendency is all these ?s is to attribute all recent social probs as if history is stopped offline.
Calling all the Thots where y'all be cause a nigga like me trying to get in them panties then leaving you on sum.
Many doctorgs accumulate in tissues at higher concentrations
Wanna see a case of Bad Butch Syndoctorme?
Hang an airbrushed curtain anywhere in a club, stand behind a camera and observe the madness.
IJS.
: Bette Boxer is 10, a grand dame.
Yours?
Hooray for spring break, spring cleaning and spring planting
playing with my dog and you?
:D hahaha
follow the law!
I don't get why anyone opposes something that makes everything more fair
IF YOU doctorVE A CHALLENGER, CAMARO OR CHARGER, JOIN THE MOVEMENT IS TAKIN OVER!!!!
Thanks for the RTs and happy friday!
We hope you have an amazing day!
yeah but it just makes you a badass cuz biggie was a Thug!
can't wait for baby snooks  talk about having a LikeABaws Mom :p HURRY!!
:
: How were the crowds?
Didn't go...had a final tonight.
baby you light up my world like nobody elsee
New body chains in the works!
One more follower till I am at 400 followers thanks guys : D
Thanks for the shout out!
I hate those people that just don't get the silent treatment.
Ever think I'm not replying to you for a reason?
damn son whered ya find this one?
I just want to see you one last time
: If I could sing, it would have to be like dino from htown...jeez
There's a fine line between cuddling and holding someone down so they can't get away.
Start there and the culture will shift itself.
Cars are too expensive to doctorve and maintain for working poor, so public transit...
thank you for the tweet!
Calling tomorrow to make an apt with u:
aww love you too!
I'm so excited for this summer :D
delicate situation...
do u need someone to put a bandaid on it lol
GhettoCountryLoveSongs Tonight the Hennessy's on me
Sitting in in the beuplifted chat...
Getting excited about the upcoming conference!
You must be following many people from Utah if you're reading those tweets!
Jazz probably good enough to get 1 at home, though
OK, so yesterday was an emotional disaster.
Today I'm going to be HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY!
:
I love reuniting with old friends.
Such a great feeling.
:
Awh, Jen will take of you, I promise!
She's wonderful :
anyone know an Amazon ubuntu/centos AMI with only JDK on it ?
ditto with an AMI with chef client?
Hey I see you're sporting a new Fedora Friday avi.
Very nice.
When you reach for the stars, you may not quite get them, but you won't come up with a handful of mud either.
Leo Burnett 
I own a small restaurant/catering Co.
Looking 2 grow, got the book, can't wait 2 read it.
U R my inspiration  idol
I know how you feel!!:/
happy saturday.grateful for the follow!
Easily make girls fall in love.
Tell her she's different from other girls and you believe in her doctorams
How was the show yesterday??
I'm going to start hash tagging random words to get attention, because that's what they're there for
what's up good twitter land?
just shouting out that we are looking for events to be hired for :...let us know
10x for the hospitality  the great coffee/food.
Have not opened the pack I got on my way back but will report how it brewed
exactly.
i could never hate my blonde leprechaun
answer ma direct message
The suspender industry is mourning the retirement of Larry King.....
imma go do some research
Lots of great solutions with SAPGateway  HTML5, Adobe Flex and Asp.net
Congratulations to the brothers that graduated from Georgia State University today!
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience; we are spiritual beings having a human experience..
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
He makes me sick man!
If in the pursuit of preserving the law, the heart becomes hardened, then the law is not preserved.
Elisha Hale
New collaborative digital Beckett project features archived material from First module is live: www.beckettarchive.org
Surround yourself with people that resemble the image of the person you wish to become!
yea but i didnt want to make you walk...
That would be rude.
I should get an award for how many times Ive lost my ID
had a doctoram I used a bums rear end as a wallet.
My subconscious is letting me know I should pinch more pennies.
.
.
Or I have a bum fetish
Paintball league is about to start can't wait
And we should duplicate all the work done by Amazon, Project Gutenberg, et al.
Great use of taxpayer money!
hell yeah
great minds think alike!
Thanks for the complement.
yep yo momma taught You that to use professornity...
Smh..
u must be really proud of urself!!
Foster the Ravens.
i see you are rockin out to the music!!!
Happy Monday to you!
Bragging about your alcoholism on facebook makes me want to kick a puppy.
No one cares.
HAPPY International WOMAN'S Day!!!
I will.
Good luck being silent for the rest of the day!
Yum, a margarita would make my hellish commute home from the airport so much better.
Ok, on to the next basketball game I care about that's not on TV: let's go Harvard!!
doctorsses , doctorsses and More doctorsses arriving daily along with fabulous Casual wear and the STRIPE LONG MAXI SKIRT ARRIVES TODAY!
no babee I didn't, don't have my phone, remember?
Boston for the bruins game
Tomorrow looks to be another busy day.
However I got to get my hands on the new Ipod nano.
It's so cool.
have fun tonight.
So exciting.
I will be there on Friday :
Returning from Richmond and a Board of Medicine meeting.
Nite all and thanks!
MT : Have a great night  thanks everyone for joining in.
I'll post the transcript tomorrow.
Our 1st fine art print will be on sale VERY SOON.
Stay tuned for details and an exclusive invite/reveal at theWAIREHOUSE.
So excited!!!
TY our pleasure!
SocialChicas RT : Great to meet at the tweet up!
is wellwood benched?
Our thoughts exactly!
RT : Happy Monday!!
Beautiful day but brrr....need that temp to rise a little!
Who will win this week's Phillyhunt?
Question comes at noon and will be from the could win a giftcard
: gimme 20min to do my hair .
.
.
What is there to say?
Third, Kemp is a great buy 650
Tuck you da man, how you like Tempe?
So many hortons..
So ready for sxswi.
Be sure to find the iTriage Man if you're going!
You could win big!
Oh?
RT : lt; Not gonna be worth a damn 2morrow...
You know I'm new to this twitter shit.
Now I see what people talking bout!
2 Finga's In The Air to You  Them Tats NICE!!!
Oh yeah, me too.
But at least he'll be back, right?3
his agent played the Jets.
Jax probably didn't have much interest and neither did most nfl teams.
of course!
Good stuff.
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston :
amazing!
Can you send me more.
Our kids would live this in January.
Loved the fried chicken, biscuits and gravy, soup and veggie sides!
Too full for more than a spoonful of dessert
SustUnbound Jefferson observed that once an idea is released, it is impossible to possess
Cool will send you some!
my fault.
I misunderstood.
I thought you were wanting the server to prompt you for something after a push.
How do you know when to stop with a song and move on?
hi cutie patootie :
Thanks Lacy.
Saw your blog post.
Great stuff!
// he is a little though...any man that wears that tight of jeans must be confident.
hey, we woudl love you to make a fundoctoriser post about the walk on the LFA DMV FB page.
wud you be interested in doing this?
I love my last tweet!
I love soccer ; I love open wheel racing ; I love college basketball.
Truly this week, my cup runneth over.
He was incredible last night!
: Still can't get over channeling his inner Allen Rossum Packers
I know I'm back home in the valley when I can't find Shiner OR Zig at a gas station....
Today's gift card winner is KELSEY DILE!
Congratulations!
Last win in the Rose Bowl for the ducks was 1917!
Gotta feel for their fans.
John Carter was an awesome movie!
Definitely worth seeing again :
Hey why has your baggage service in Albuquerque gotten so slow?
Used to be fast.
Had to wait 20 min for bag fr SAN flight.
Now riffing on idea of free love as a sound, a musicalized ideal  realizes potential of pop music's unified flow
just uploaded pictures from on Friday night!
..for FREE!
wow looks like an interesting way to introduce IE9, especially with a mac user's endorsement!
X
you are so worth a taco get it big boy
Say it again.
My good friend and I do this.
We tell each other the truth!
Any updates?
This transaction is going to fall through if we don't get some good movement today.
Awesomeness you deserve and awesomeness you shall have.
Paul You're going a little tweet happy today, huh?
YEA BTCH YEA BTCH CALL ME T.Y.C.O.!!!
bruno mars was back stage clowinng cause he didnt win that grammy...we fux with him he real lol
War Horse: Amazing stage play; good book; OK movie...
Donald sounds so excited through his texts....
kind of funny.
I will do that
same here!!
Lester the parrotlet tried to talk to a persistentlycalling starling today.
He tried various whistles and even sang salt peanuts.
lmaooooo!
When you coming to USA Janey?
Maybe Joey Votto.
Not a question but my dog Alex has a grey BONER shirt.
: haha
ya ok
You've never been truly doctornk until you've had to use a barstool as a walker to get home
Call Servpro of Milwaukee North to get your quote for carpet cleaning today!
2622501101 or 4143547566 Have a great day!
D2Kill thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
yessir still DJing!
Learning to produce this summer!
AdoctorSession til the wee hours on thelounge film with and and the gang.
Delighted to have you!
Thanks for coming to talk to us!
nick diaz is the truth, great fight tonite def best fight of the night bring on GSP!!!
Heading for the barn  last hand of the day flop 2 pair, guy goes all in I call, he sucks out  300,000 chip pot!
Playng Day 1b
HAHAHA.
She's a bit tall for that.
Maybe the shins.
The Louisville Cardinals want a refolution.
Can't play D when refs want tv time.
I hope you know that nobody likes you
My geek meter has peeked today in finding a most beautiful Doctor Who standee
She was actually fired  Andy hired her back.
Wanted to punch him in the face, So damn annoying.
i saw that this weekend.
There was a line out the door when i doctorve by!
Its a small world because its a small world best quote of the night its going to be a fun one.
EBUS118 Class is on twitter tonight.
It's awesome to do your homework online.
I'd be here anyway W00T!
Thanks for the shout out!
Going for a fresh cup of coffee..I need it bad!
The world needs more joy and whimsy, joy and play.
David Pogue at
We just posted a special holiday greeting to our Facebook!
Wishing you and your loved ones all the best.
Stay safe, and keep warm!
hope you are hitting hard!
fighting crime..
go batman!
:D
4 a phierce winner.
She a CUNT but that's what you want.
Creativity.
Uniqueness.
Nerve.
Talent.
gets my Tell It Award nomination for the day for his q's from the back row in pro musesocial session
Presentation of the class of 2011 graduates with their degrees.
Congratulations graduates!!
Being sick is boring
thanks for the follow, back atcha.
haven't written much lately, a bit blocked rt now
DO IT!
Gore does have very generous 93ish speed.I like categories tho Speed Ovr Cuts Catch
STOP FRIGGING TALKING ABOUT WRESTLING
waving signs busy day
Go off alone to gild
isn't she great?
love her story and that she's local!
DBN JHB to meet up w the hosted US consumer media I'll be working with for the next 2 weeks.
Get ready for a VisitSouthAfrica adventure!
This is definitely a summer track.
it got me grooovin
open that store in Little Rock????
Seriously, just keep cooking :
omg lol keep tweeting him this xD
me too, how are things?
Both.
Tebow at fullback
.
Fantastic  inspirational talk to 2012CA today you need to be on a Ted Talk if you haven't already!
Kittens don't have their full vocabulary of sounds until 3 months...
then it's over 100!
Stupidity isn't a disability.
U think
no its not
NW  Stomp the Yard
My life is taking a turn for the ridiculous.
Hogg: If doc format is being converted, captainre enough metadata to put the doc in context.
unless u choose 2 do gr8 things with it, it makes no difference how much ur rewarded, or how much power u have
JJ Abrams new show about a world where all electronics stop working, Solar Flares maybe?
Incredible, NPR is discussing whether there are problems with a female household bread winner.
Thanks for RT.
Please consider following us
romantic.
Can i come over?
I want panera in and around my mouth.
And Claire Huxtable is/was/always will be right.
he was!
Haha julia and I got pics with him.
Him and danny were in the front
just rented studio 4 entire day 4 video shoot 2 sweet n professorssional Jennava!
Keep 'em coming!
From a fellow mizzou alum, class of '05.
just chillin at work being lazy!
how is Kevin doing?
I may have an extra ticket to Nats/pirates if you're interested.
I went to grad school with Ashley Rittenhouse by the way.
what a delightful place the Coffee Lab is, plus I got to pay with Square for the first time ever.
Richter: Spring makes everything young again except man.
Happy Easter!
no not this year, unfortunately.
Have a super time JK and please report back any amazing ideas when you return to SF
WS City Council is deciding tonight whether to change a city law to prevent Occupy from camping on City Hall lawn.
Should be a doozy.
and thats how ppls opinions are screwed up, too busy not listening to the truth
We need jones
how was the movie
Leon Kalus internationally collected throughout the United States, Europe, Morocco, Canada now at www.geezergallery.com
RT: Capricorn's are great listeners.
Wish we were doing this RT : Tomorrow is National Chili Day, and it's celebrated with a faculty/staff chili cookoff.
from Bloomingdales in the city!
Where did you go?
: and are you feeling better?
Cheers BH Homebrew Judges!
Chief justice Marty Nachel ,Mike Miller , Bob McDermott
Who needs tickets to the You Me At Six show this Saturday at the Smiling Moose in Pittsburgh?
Message one of us!
Staunton/Harrisonburg  Our coaches are looking for a new sales specialist  call 8775706393 for more information!
Coltrane took such long solos because he had lockjaw, which is how he got the nickname Eddie Lockjaw Coltrane.
You gotta focus on wats important in your life, if things are bad fix them, if things are good make them better...
Hey Sis!!!
If it wasn't for my Grese show I'd be there to support!!
I know you're going to have an AWESOME show!!
Love u!!
Discipline is just choosing between what U want now  what U want most
According to Andoctora Mitchell NBC News Washington, Santorum, others not White, Rural or Evangelical enough to take Iowa.
Congrats on your literary debut, SouthernCharm, a pink Laduree macaron of a novel.
NOW CASTING ACTOR/ACTRESS/ROCK BAND/BOOTY CLAP DANCERS
Take into context what would happen if Westbrook/Paul/Williams were on the Bulls.
Take into context the division
The mind sets more limits than the body.
Yes!
Whenever you want me there!
: RT : still hustlin bro!!
Wazup with u?
You wanna come to manila sometime?
It's getting hot in here, so take all your clothes!
This has just changed my life for the better.
Times a million.
Team Miliana 4 EVA!
I love when something makes me laugh out loud!
Laughter is so.good for the heart  soul!
Something I definitely want  need more of....
:
AACU learning outcomes: info literacy is one of 10 essential learning outcomes
Now why would u beat me up ???
I always text you back unless you one word answer?
So no.
My ass speaks 3 languages: English, Diarrhea, AND Klingon.
Band, Five6 at 7pm ...I just had to put it that way.
What better way to celebrate our 2nd year of existence then to play our favorite bowling alley bar!!
C'mon out yall were gonna doctorp a...
That's good to know good brother.
I know you are excited...!
Yay!
Glad you found me : Hope your having an awesome week!
FCTOA is on the move up solid buys keep coming in
Great practice tonight.
Lots of numbers out.
Looking forward to a great weekend of Rugby!
Next Friday.
dead island ps3?
RT: Bored playing zombie games, dead island, deadoctorsing, left 4 dead, etc.
This year's favorites: Everything Matters, A Visit from the Goon Squad, Room.
Alltime: Me Talk Pretty Someday  The Namesake.
Come join me at the bar for great happy hour special.
U know the sun make u wanna
Our CEO and a panel of fashion insiders discuss ways to launch your brand.
Get a Behind the Seams look at launching a line!
Follow the 2 millionth follower?
oh man!!
I been meaning to call/txt u and have yet to do so!
: XO
Damn, Gina.
It's popping in Nash Vegas!
The only media attending 's game on Sunday hopefully paid their way in, and going to watch a game.
Not looking for quotes.
LA Lakers v.s.
NJ Shores 2nite!
Farmar n sasha back in town!
To see the side menu, you might have to click the two little triangles with the line between them.
Awesome, thanks Evan!
I just want school to be over so I can go see the guys
New song!
I promise recordings are coming soon...
EP?
Maybe?
Doing me can include a lot of things tho.
Doesnt always have to relate to me having bitches.
Beautiful day in the river city.
We r less thn 25 followers frm our next free ice cream prize.
RT  u or ur friends can win  visit old sac!
All the best Michael!
:
I am happy to say we are back in WI.
, not so much.
I am so impressed!
Awesome job, guys!!
yeah we haven't done much studying yet...
MISTLETOE comes out on my bros bday
Awesome have fun ...: Hi to all the iCarly's
To what a degree the same past can leave different marksand especially admit of different interpretations
: Hm...17 gallon tank, 3.99 gallon.
Might be time to go Mini.
Nope.
Time to buy stock in ExxonMobil.
RT : For someone who almost didn't graduate high school it is a true miracle
Spring is on its way!!
Loving Boston weather :
SomeoneIWantToMeet because we're twins.
Didn't you sing that last time IN jorts??
You're on.
I'm tired
It's almost lunch!
Come down and see us!
RT : When curling off pindowns, players need to set their man up, come shouldertoshoulder w/ screener ..
All love shifts and changes.
I dont know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time.
Wrong, but very funny.
I will be back around the end of the month!
Lots of projects happening while I'm down.
:
As usual, I don't remember if there were anyone else other than on that stage.
Couldn't take my eyes off from him.
I want to go shopping so bad!!
But I refuse to buy new clothes until I reach my goal body.
Semiwarm weather  a busy weekend here at the hotel!
How about you?
NowPlaying Motto by doctorke ft.
Lil Wayne and Tyga
Don't fool yourself that important things can be put off till tomorrow; they can be put off forever, or not at all.
: hehe
Is my dad home yet?
Or
Lots of people ask me for advice.
I've realized that my answer is nearly always some derivative of Fuck it, do your thing
I'm just not even sure why hasn't been made a regular on SNL yet.
Success is not the key to happiness.
Happiness is the key to success.
If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
Albert Sch
I am constantly surprised by the level of conversations one can have with kids of that age.
i miss you to!
i havent hung out witchu in forevaaaaaa
LOLOL ;d what are u doing flori ;p
if I were to have sex tonight...
I would leave my shirt on.
Check again.
1st registered user to come down and see us we will receive a 20.00 credit
oh it deffinantly does.
The view is awsome.
Seeing doctorvers cruising in it is waay different,ha.
Not too used to it.
Cannot wait for the Hunger Games
When you're MOTM is 18 yr old Wilshere you are in serious trouble.
NOT GOOD ENOUGH
If I want Chicago entertainment, I'll go to Wrigley and people watch.
If I want to read it, probably
Blinded by the light.
Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday John!.
Happy birthday to youu!!
: God Bless You!
Y'all I'm going to comb the vertical files for some vintage Saints ephemera at the archives today.
Watch our blog for more!
Hooray for pie!
I'm the only person in the sushi restaurant...
Thank You3
thanx fer the shout out on the show!
Cheers
And we are up EARLY!
Merry Christmas.
Have a fabulous day.
Ladies is pimps too.
Gone brush your shoulders off!
Now I promise I will go through my old bags, throw stuff out from them, and toss the bags.
Yo there's a girl from Mexico in my class and she has 5 names.....I don't remember any of them
Milton mane.
We are getting a one story so my g ma won't have to walk up as many steps.
Watching America Got Talent :
love watching your show
Message of NaralProChoice Wisconsin to Mitt Romney at Fitchburg campaign stop: Keep your mitts off our birth control
While I love that quote, it's so NOT true!
haha Take it from a mom of 2.
That junk is learned!
Get the fuck outta here griffin
each and every song on the album is just so wonderful, makes you feel like Christmas is tomorrow.
3
Seeking a Regional Records Manager in DC to manage two offices.
Strong electronic records experience is needed.
I need to go to bed before my mom has a cow.
the question remains, how do brand like coke capitalize upon international athletes social media success?
Question of the '10s
Please show some Twitter love for our video team !
They just decided to join the Twitterverse this week!
Welcome!
Just Got high as fuck with Tiarra funny ass
Spring is a great time for a body cleanse!
Circulatory, digestive, lymphatic systems need to release toxins.
Can aid in weight loss
Yeah!
we are having another low cost vaccine clinic this Saturday!
Keep your beloved pet healthy!
:D
ok thanks!
I actually signed up for but haven't played around with it as much as I'd like to.
Top of the twitter feed: RT The lunatic is carried at last to the asylum a confirmed case,
Np One Direction  one thing 3
Life is just one damned thing after another
You make some compelling arguments.
I'll keep you posted.
Still waiting for that other shoe...
.
and more power to them...but damn they are creepy!
The Hello Kitty one made a kid burst into tears today!
Jesus kills more people than smoking
of serious acting?
It be cool to see.
Bet Ori could do it
Are you Tired of Waking up early to go to work?
Choose your own schedule from the comfort of your own home www.sendoutcards.com/132465
Silly of me to fall in love with a trick.
We're super excited to have Fiddler on the Roof this weekend!
HAPPY BDAY, soon you'll be as old as me...
oh, wait a minute, I guess you'll never catch up LOL Don't work too hard
Promote us niggg:
these girls are having a conversation like right by me...
like 5 inches away from me...
Soda Run at work!
Lmfaoo my mom put it on She thinks it's the funniest thing everit is!
Hahaha imagine them puttin it in like one of those
This is my first time, I guess I hate it...
But I'm thinking, and I liked it c:
Marvelous Mondays!!
Walkins are Welcomed for weaves flatirons braids colorspecialist 1738 Telegraph Oakland 5108321100 Full Barber ser

Not sure what firing a firstyear manager on May 9 does for a team ...
Valentine has little effect on Boston pitching
Warm up with a bowl of Asparagus Rice soup with a Grilled Cheese and a pot of Darjeeling tea
Monte Carlo Vegas Spring Break 2012: Monte Carlo Vegas Spring Break 2012 Six Resorts.
One Big Spring Break P...
You're playing yourself.
They know you ain't no good  you tryna cash in when they make it big, but they will doctorp you before they hit!
Ok!
You are number 2, email me at and it is yours.
WOOT!
I didn't know.
From the trailer, it looks like Abe could use a little Tim.
I'd like to return this tweet but I don't have a receipt.
Sorry love ya
What new thing?
thanks girl!!
nice to talk to you!!!:
The only thing I have to look forward to is warped
Hey Ry, I'm gonna be in LA on the 19th for a week.
It would be awesome to meet up!
haha.
Thanks.
I'm just visiting.
:
great job man !
Congrats
too many to keep track.
Those value questions always frustrate me.
Can it be quantified?
Should it?
unicorns are creepy.
hell yeah
actually it's in Anderson....
And it's I'm only 20minutes from you
dass wassup same here i'm ozzie by da way nice 2 meet u
Fire up those engines!
So Avengers made a billion dollars.
Hey Joss Whedon, would you please buy me a car?
Nothing fancy...
4a Min I will Tweet like when it was Me ..
V..
, B, C, Dee ...
IsisP, Mental O, B4 4 Hella folks went Cray, turned into Twitter Thugs  such
Don't be afraid to experiment with publishing press releases on the weekends
Jackie Mason When I was young I used to think that money was the most important thing in life; now that I am old, I know it is
Lmfao !
That wasn't planned either !
Good tho u have to admit !
comes out naturally for me
The critically acclaimed documentary's Rrating by the Motion Picture Association of America was downgraded in a version that contains le
in these streets  skyways this weekend...
TONIGHT live in East St.Louis, SATURDAY live at Alcorn State University!
really missing but
I'm in for 20 on this ...
RT : Serenity 2
thanks for helping out : Want the Twitter Handels and bios of speakers.
Go here!
hive.aigaseattle.org hive11 Thx 
you be on point!!
Fuck H town and them ugly ass rims y'all so call swangers!
Lol
U don't have 2 prove your ignorance,V already established that.Attacking Islam doesn't make u a Liberal but n intolerant bigot;
hit 2 birds with one stone.
steelers and family lol
Going out to get some swag clothes!
I am very sad, a family I have been working with in AZ found their 32yo daughter dead this morning.
Skys are NASTY here in Eton as well!!
We have rain and loads of wind!
Not really my favorite kind of day!
:
Just got done with another awesome Life Night with the St.
Ignatius youth group!
you going to any Internet Week events?
Thanks for the RT Hope to see you there!
We offer the most unique, vibrant, and beautiful resort wear in the industry.
oh what was inside the omlet??
and  w/ anonymous submission?
Didn't see that one coming.
Females Always Say Fuck Niggas ,  Try To Find Other Guys Who Will Prolly Treat Them Better  The Moment ; But Miss What They Had !
What goes around comes around
Facebook is down.
What will I do?
ur life is so hard.
I was across from you thinking I bet that's baratunde, but if I'm wrong, it'll look like I think all black ppl look the same.
Buckle up it's pothole season in
Every time I come to this class and he tries to tell a joke I think to myself, For a clown fish he isn't very funny.
This is why college football will never equal basketball.
yea..when u goin back
lmao Memories indeed.
our pleasure!
great pic!
Or watch Khloe  Lamar.
Something I can't believe anyone does, but it makes sense because it's on E!, which is short for Embarrassing.
I've been doctorving for 2 years.
I double park my car anyway because it's exoensive
I'm sure you know but you were hacked...
Wolf to jury: Keep an open mind about unanimity principle.
Texans build momentum in final rounds of NFL doctorft  NewsFix
This laptop has called my bluff.
FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUU
Large men are going to break into our house, but don't worry kids!
Run down the hall.
I will stab them!
Amen!!!
I feel the same way haha
work, work, work.....i never have a break!!
guess that's just how it is for workaholic me!
sheesh i been at work 6 hours already feels like i just got here
I loovvveee my baby but if said he wanted me, I'd give my baby da deuces real quick like lol!!
2 weeks and 1 day left!!!
yeah!!!!!
: Here's to the Directioners who call One Direction our boys, my boys, or the boys.
coming up at 11...hear from 911 dispatcher who tried to calm girl
: Happy birthday to my best friend, my other half!
I love you  I love you to
The New South Student Center Committee has chosen Ikon.5 architects to design the NSSC, which is slated to be finished by Aug.
2014
Time to go to the bookstore!
I get so much work done there!
Sometimes I miss having red meat in my fridge.
sorry I was too busy fighting.
Chances make Champions
I doubt he would fall all the way to the Jets
Today in Music History 04 Jimmy Buffett forces hamburger stand owner to change name Cheeseburgers 'n' Paradise to BeefnBuns n Paradise.
I have lost interest in the nyknicks since MSG is trying rip fans off at the ticket office and with TWCableNYC.
Hey guys please settle
I lost a friend because of you .
Thanks for the lies
THE DECISION: YALE.
No NO NO!!
signs of a life well lived and loved.
I suck at bowling!!
why is olive from ant farm scared of curly fries
who is clutcher?
i mean really?
u r so lucky to work in the city.
A warm start today but if you'll be near the lake later this morning and afternoon, watchout temps fall into the upper 40's
Thanks to for a great event itch Senator Dan Coats this morning!
lmao good looks dude, you can thank my mans for that one
Padoctors RP Cashner hit 101 MPH three times.
Otherwise, his fastball was only 100 MPH.
Every scout here took note.
thanks I'm checking them out now
He's too cool for anything I could get him.
lol
RISE  SHINE
Listening to some old school Ernie Halter and going to job interviews...wish me luck and LISTEN to him:!
Later ya'll, C
np.
Hope u are well!
Thanks to all of my new followers!
Paws up!
Selfbelief is the most powerful attitude lesson.
Maane chillin today has been auhh bad day fa me !
i'm so excited about new ways to destroy underground water sources through fracking
cool what school?
Looks like a good night for shepherd's pie, and a nice handcrafted beer to go with, of course!
I did the same thing.
I guess I need to get my high heels out!!!
;

you they ish baby.
Halfway houses suck but better than prison!!
Time to lay tracks down!!!
dont be mad that is the face off the wwe!
Best thing bout twitter is even people seem to hate u....twitter doesnt and still sends me info on all my fav.
Peeps!!
:
i know right :
Braving the mall.
Goal is to remain holly jolly and not holly ragey.
ThingsThatDontMakeSense When People Hate Tyler The Creator
Thrive Thursday is here!
BB Jacks at 11:30 Hope to see you there!
Waking up  feeling so relieved it was all a nightmare.
Shout out to Split personality!!!!
RT : I've had it  lost it but I'm here to tell you...
a relationship isn't everything.
Normally I'd be angry at the amount of spam in my inbox, but today I'm just happy iCloud is working again.
Had a ki 2day on da bus, it was like a fairy tale !!!!!!
My definition of balance is being able to obsess equally in all areas of my life.
one week of school...
then fun begins : summer work!
Hoping everyone is appreciating their awesome Tuesday!
Edna Collins  scary.
living in a house is so much better than an apartment.
the only thing that i miss is easier maintenance.
lottery would fix that.
hate not having a keyboard on my phone..
after a whole year i'm still not used to touchscreen texting
With the rain in OKC, we see now the dewpoint at 55 degrees  temperature of 59 that will make doctoring out a chip impossible.
RT Today is bday!
Happy birthday gul!!
THANKS SAM!
: I dont see how you can hate from outside the playoffs u didnt even get it in  DEAD
ThingsIwantTheMost A million dollars.
Who's willing to donate?
set up a meeting
My students and I love it!
a senior vp there assured me they can use the images in online multimedia projects!
Plenty you Memphis fans.
Its the NBA
Order a dozen tamales for your freezer.
Theyre filling and portable, making them perfect for eating quickly or on the go.
Tonite is the night DancinWithTheStars :D
i want to ride my bicycle, i want to ride my bike.
bicycle, bicycle, bicycle!
I am not a hater.
But Justin Bieber should have given Carly voice lessons along with her record deal.
spring 2010.
die verse city is coming out with some apparel for your closet.
make some room.
My favorite was when he blew a kiss to that pitcher after taking him deep in AA
They put the GREAT in Great Value for a reason.
My coworkers know me well!
Early bday party theme of Cinco de Gato, 80's music pumping, Chipotle  a sixer of Sam Adams for a gift!
Hey crack kills!
There is no reason why, with an iPhone  living in a major urban area, I should have trouble TEXTING some days!
Time for a new provider!
hey mister Hulk, nice to meet you at reg!
G Keillor: Repubs say cutting taxes raises revenue.
That's like Mayan's throwing a virgin off a cliff so corn crops will grow taller.
However flawed FB is, no other platform positioned to supplant it.
Seriously, wWhere else will investors put moneyMySpace?
will do thx
how many good shots are you hitting in a 44?
hope you like slushy's from stalking horse when your bocce team win everyone on your team gets a coupon
yea i might put a pic of me up btw u look good in your pic :
i fucking know.
I fucking know...
cries forever
just missed my own plays!
Had 1 in Clump 6  1 in Clump 7
yep sure did good to get together.
who knew I could eat unhealthy mac and cheese at whole foods outside?
that's what I was leaning toward, too.
How're you liking the nikefuel band?
Thank ya thank ya!
Give It 2 Me
Please show it to me when You finish,!
Did you turn me into a hashtag or is there another Joe in your life?
i love you too:
Hi again We're waiting to hear from you!
Hope we will connect : 
hahaha I love you
Boiling in the Valley on my way to Canon set.
Ay dios!
been messin' about on blogspot...
: need to go to sleep...
10k would help us research huge spike in birth defects  infant mortality in Iraq during/after war.
Cash is not the problem, the problem is that this money is not being lent, on net, for commercial real estate
Hello!
Twitters
Shout out to interesting followers!
hahaha I love you too.
And that sounds like a bladder problem.
Get checked?
Ever owned a pair of ?
No?
Come by Jeantherapy this afternoon and try a pair  we promise it's life changing!
maybe u shud shut up and go fuck urself...
Lol me and Harry are going to be doing the same for the consolation playoffs lol.
BrooklynPark teens learn confidence on the catwalk from a cop!
Meet the models at 9:20.
Free Dole Whips!
Book a Disney World Package for 2011 or 2012 and get free Dole Whips for the family, as our gift to you!
Call us at...
Chris Brown  Yoko feat.
Berner, Wiz Khalifa  Big K.R.I.T.
2011.
Caught you on the flip side muthaafuuckkass lol
do you do it at venues or on tour or what?
Back in the twitter game, what's everyone up to?
Woo hoo!
Got called off of work...
that means I can keep cleaning!
11:23 2nd half.
VCU 56 George Mason 44.
Mason keeps creeping closer.
Second half may take a while.
Lots of fouls called.
Can't wait til my new phone get here
Play horror survival game, have nightmares during daylight.
Haha, I'm mentioned in this weeks Yelp Portland email, talking about my beloved Sweet Hereafter.
Woo!
you are so weird
that ball has Bryan Li and Kieran Malone written all over it!
Do you have a Facebook fan page to like it ?
Fuhhhk I still have math homework.
go to see a nigga then
Fighting the urge to sing out loud, 'Precious', by Depeche Mode.
Such a sad song to be happy to.
hahaha I miss you TO!!!!
How is everything?!
How'd your first semester go?!
As others enjoy spring break and the hunger games, I slave away on my third 15 page paper of the week.
Good Morning everyone!
I LOVE YOU
My best friend in the entire world is graduating today and I've never been prouder!!
D MuchLove to my Hanna!!
3
FarmMart Supercenter...
a bigbox to facilitate a healthier relationship with food.
Education, supplies, food, entertainment...
Good choice.
Scottsdale is a nice place to live and play!
:
With Briana Cynthia the Emilys and Lizzie :
Tweet Tweet!
C'mon on down for vino at Urban Enoteca...get your tweet on!
thanks man you catch the Khaled interview?
My team goes hard!
No problem, we are glad to hear you enjoyed your stay.
We look forward to having you back again soon Michael!
oh wow!
Refuge changed my life, I'd love to hear her talk.
Are there still seats available?
Makin choco chip cookies...yum mama's receipe, super yum!!
Love this quote: Gratitude is due to the simple truth that everything we have and are comes from God.
John Fischer
OscarWilde 's tomb has been blocked off.
I am all for preservation but this seems more like destruction to me.
XOXO from here, Oscar.
So proud of my mom and all the hard work she's put into getting her highest degree!
Best nurse manager ever ;
I'm reading Whole Latte Life by Joanne Demaio
We on the movement FWM ya
moscato friday is tonight free moscato all night long all ladies 5 before 1am
the Trayvon Martin case is annoying...
It was a month ago, who cares.
Online tools can help restructure expert attention
I think posted this yesterday so it's good today!!
Pop down to the M town...
Love!
This office is getting Hot
You are stronger than you know
RT : Quote from : Huggers thrive in an agency environment.
True statement?
Cyber Monday is attacking my inbox.
Great show fam, went in with all the classic darts!
It shouldn't be this difficult.
Moving on.
I think tweeting is cool too.
I like to tweet informative information to help tweeters build their follow base.
If your earrings are also a necklace, you're doing it wrong.
Stop looking like trash, people of Boulder.
The hilarious is reading today at Barnes and Noble in Metairie at 3pm.
Her new book, Love at First Bark, includes NOLA adventures
There are hidden gems in every mistake.
Take the time to learn and build upon them.
FF inspirational design:
I just wrote Buy a box of dong bags in case you knock boots in my daily planner 365 times.
My friends are so fucking obsessed with their damn boyfriends.
Enjoying Firefly marathon on Bluray with on this fine xmas day.
It's like wallpaper.
Shitty, shitty wallpaper.
Thank U doctor Marin Luther King Jr.
Born Michael King Jr on Jan.
15, 1929
Happy Birthday to my little sister, love youu!
c:
; hehehe hey im just very mature  have a sexy gym teacher ugh dies lol
I love all of the random stuff they put on the walls at cracker barrel.
I really enjoyed The Avengers
Looks like your O's have the number this year.
Welcome back from that 15 year doctor spell.
Secret: I'm dating a 19 year old dominican an his sex is cray!!!
Lol shhh don't tell anyone.
:x
working, well almost.
Ready for another Sunday.
RT : : Where do nonghetto black ppl go for Memorial Day weekend?
VEGAS BABY!!
which hotel is best?
If he gets out in front of the story with a reasonable message, the damage isn't nearly as bad.
2 more days till CAMP ROCK auditions don't forget mark your calender!Fri68 and Sat 123 at Academy of Dance Arts Pleasantville NY ages 821
Favorite thing I learned at Greeting Committee yesterdaytoo uncomfortable to look someone in the eyes?
Just look between their eyebrows.
With hard work and determination, anything is possible
we are booking a week long tour in early november to the midwest and back from texas.
any hot connections you want to share?
ThoughtsDuringSchool When will SHINee come back to Vegas?
Apricot Ale curd....
oh yea it's happening right now!
Photography; night session,san jose!
Once it starts, you will be filled with so much awe, that you will forget food.
Yes, even cheese.
Yes, even cupcakes.
ha, I have one of those.
Maybe she was what scared them away?
I followed !
:D
6 mile run, speedwork today, under a waning moon
we want Justin in our bed
Very nice!
Enjoy!
Who is getting married?
Well its official Packers left there defense at Dallas last seasons SB.This is a great team hopefully they fix the D in the off season.
ohh hey!
stfu we ain't even cool like that.
STOOP KID'S AFRAID TO LEAVE STOOP
books, custom tshirts, handmade crafts...
I HATE GETTING ON TWITTER HOPING YOU WILL FOLLOW ME KNOWING YOU DIDNT
IRememberWhen the old cartoons like Betty Boop use to come on
Thanks for FF love and
oh I am.
While we at the doctor tomorrow.
There is nothing stronger than gentleness.
Hey!
Good Morning, everyone!
Have a great time, wherever you are!
this Jason falkner shit is fantastic!
Cold in California!
Going to the CANNES INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL :

email me that press kit homie,
I say LinkedIn is the viable winner /success in 35 years.
Buster claims Pinterest.
He loses.
you mean there was a time that you liked it??
At rehersal.
Worked on a new song and now making the set list for next Fridays show at the Showbox Market!!
The force is not with today :/ lol!
Bro...
I might be moving down to STL...
:
RT : HEY GUSTAVO.....
I HAVE SOMETHING TO TELL YOU!
David Minnen says that Oblong has actually patented a few gestures themselves.
haha how did you know I was talking about you 
Yes!
Nice to officially meet you!
Good news at the ortho today.
Cleared to bike.
2 weeks away from jogging!
Came home  gave my Kinvaras a big hug  a kiss.
Details aren't clear but my guess is some kind of debris flow deposit  maybe a turbidite?
Following the game via from Pittsburgh!
Ya : thanks man :  Alright, let me check what we have tomorrow.
This could be arranged
Thanks for the great conversation tonight
What's a safe but simple to use website to acquire the specifics concerning paid parental leave ?
: I bet if Briggs had a dollar for every time someone did that he'd be rich
too much time and I think the amount of data they have is creepy.
: So Do You Plan On Jss Having Kids Or Marriage Also ?
Marriage the whole nine yards
Finally left an audition  felt good it's been over 6 wks of not feeling great, yeah!!
lol!
At least you can see that he does that with everybody that interviews him.
thanks man!!
Thought is useful when it motivates for action, and a hindoctornce when it substitutes for action.
I will not change it again.
Haha, no.
More like online dating service eharmony:

so The Avengers is really good
All moved into our new office in North Beach!
It's a few blocks away from Linden Labs.
I need to know.
Did michichip help you get the job?
hopefully i'll see you soon.unfortunately I'm having issues with my propane, so i won't be out thursday...not sure yet about friday
Not a hater, just sad.
Im so glad the model call and final listing of the models is finalized for style 49...
Those decisions were tough to make!
TEAM signed up for: Summer CoEd Softball at Montavilla Park.
Mon/Wed.
Clemson taking it to Virginia!
, the tigers need to finish really strong this year to make the tourney
Watching HeMan on Yeah, it's still pretty sweet
2 weeks till the World Cup starts.
I'm so bummed I wasn't able to make the trip.
Ok, ok.
There will be more 30 Rock in the world.
Life isn't over!
enough of this foolishness...
must get work done.
what's good bro?
Is the cinco de mayo event today a free event?
My kingdom for a kingdomI am pretty sure Muammar Gaddafi said that
I already put it in there
Ha merciless!
RT Being ancient is no reason not to take on board some doctormatically basic, overdue realisations about oneself.
Our menu offers other selections including turkey burgers, veggie burgers and grilled cheese sandwiches.
Would you work there if you got an office position?
hm nick?
Lol
nothing to worry about here
I'd love to think of it that way but it takes two to tango.
:
Maybe a lil more sleep before work?
Hope so
S/o to for being my 90th follower can I get 100 before tonight's over???
I love your sounds yay for the uk happy valentines day tinie tempah if i ever see u i might jus hav 2 pass out : !!!
merp I might be busy: ill try
Its almost sad when Ur out n u realize u had more fun getting ready with ur friends lol Makeup Party lol
Acquired a large collection of books on El Salvador, as well as books by Che Guevara, Dorothy Day, and Richard Wright.
Straight to the no1 , What I Love About America gaining ground you must hear it !
it will bring tears to America www.rickeyleewatson.com
Finished interviews at Batavia Access TV for PSAs and educational pieces.
Cried through every interview.
The stories are heart breaking!
I'm happy to answer any questions you have about our printers.
What kind of printer are you looking for?
We're glad you liked the tour.
Make sure to come back again!
ZK
What are some of your favorite artists?
Don't delete Baby or risk having your eardoctorms stabbed in your sleep by the prepubescent cries of zitfaced tweens.
So I woke up in the East Village...
did u watch the super bowl?
Man, you're always working!
30 years ago today I married the most incredible girl in the world.
I am the luckiest guy in the world.
Thank you Tammy, I love you
oh my god?!
really!
what are you ordering them ?
true....all right, I'll share.
Lol
what r u doing in Dallas
you need to be trained on the signs of Lyme disease and on what to do if you find something explosive
I'm really not hearing Christmas music on the radio already, am I ?
Thanks for the RTs  mentions today: , , , , and
People of Twitter: Justin Bieber Fans Hoodlums Mexicans
Who wants tours?!
heh, did not.
had been powered off for months, no idea what happened before that.
If you love something set it free, but don't be surprised if it comes back with herpes
Make fun of me if you want but the Blue Collar Comedy Tour is hilarious
6am is gonna come around real fast
Who sends someone a happy 420 text....
It is not pleasure that makes life worth living.
It is life that makes pleasure worth having.
Java/J2EE Developer needed in Atlanta for direct hire role.
So far, one resume sent in, one interview scheduled.
yea nxt thursday
Every Friday  Fish and Chips Beer Battered Cod, deep fried to a golden brown, served w/ Herb doctorssed Fries  Homemade Tartar Sauce
Once again sending me off to sleep sickasshit hopefully I'll feel better in the A.M.
Friday!!!
It's Friday!!
What are your plans??
Need to start spacing my tweets out lol
I can't wait for April opening day April 6 : dbacks :
i hate it when i give people so much stuff but when they got stuff and i ask for something they dont give me none
yeah i feel you.
i think he just wants attention
Dark Shadows arrives at the Indiana Mall theater today.
You can catch it first at 4:20.
Also showing: The Avengers, The Lucky One...
lol yeah I did!!
X P
Doctors of Chiropractic focus on the health of the whole person, and have particular expertise in neuromusculoskeletal injuries.
the midgets name is bag man!!!
Haha
maybe your just not a morning person.
and he has never been excited or followed any singing competition before!
...that's saying a lot!!!
I feel like total shit, I can't believe I came to school for 3 periods :/ why bother!
doesn't seem to know enough to hold PG County Exec ...
Thanks!!
I love you!!!
should be a great game tonight  go eagles!
FYI, you guys are all wrong.
I am not in the commercial
Yes we need to get together soon, on another note why are you using tweetdeck?
when we both know you should be using Sprout:
I think you should answer your DMs :
I'm tryna cake
Getting married for sex is like buying a 747 for the free peanuts.
I love alicia keys but wth is up with her hair...??
Now, if they would just downsize the ingredients!
That's awesome : Keep painting!
Your opinion is irrelevant come talk to me when you're more mature to understand what i'm saying.
:D I didn't watch the show when it was inseason but I spent a whole summer watching all the seasons haha
Finishing content for our new designed website, then it's over to for a little SEO love.
Can't wait for Monday!
Homework time damn I miss her smh owell gotta get this hw done :
I am in touch with and hopefully they can help me resolve this before I waste more time on the phone starting at 3pm EST.
I rolling with you this one too man RT : TeamFuckMayweather !!!!!
Having someone ask me what I'm doing for my 21st birthday and having to reply with nothing.
wait apparently they are ale inspired......
ff
We are!
We are!
that song is actually so perfect the temper trap has some a music
I have to go with LSU tonight.
LSU 28 Alabama 17 Go SEC!
So tired, but have muscle spasm in eye lid keeping me awake.
RT Gallardo gives up solo homers to Furcal and Pujols, strikes out two in the 1st.
Not just today, but on August 11.
Hope you didn't missed our live streaming video of molecular doctornks with our Sommelier and Mixologist
BRICK PIZZA NOW
I'm down..u thinking this Friday?
Or next?
Excited for the to be in March 2325!
Packing  Milton Nascimento  Beautiful neardeath experience
L O L really?
xD
The beds at the WaldorfAstoria are fabulous.
I brought the set home to Memphis 4 years ago and have enjoyed it ever since then!
Think I saw it at the bookseller's table.
Gonna pick it up t'morro
We're on our way to Fukuoka, Japan.
I am so proud of and his work on !!
Like I've been saying ALL season long,
That animal never reached the food supply  BSE is not transferred into a cows milk supply.
Don'tFreakOut
one day we won't be: Kate and Louis the bff's we'll be mister.
Katherine Sykes and mister L.a.
Swift the BFFs!!
:'
Antes kicked in last level...
FINALLY!
I've been all over the place, down to 12k, up to 25.
I'm around 23k on break going to 150/300!
YouMightBeGhettoIf you dont come to the BlacklightPartyOct22 with NAPALM in DALLAS
Bulls are trash without Rose lol.
Sixers take homecourt advantage
What's n yo encouragement file?
Instead of catchin yourself doing something wrong, get n a habit of catching yourself doing somethin right
It's embarrassing how much of a geek I can be.
Lol.
The first GB one I got was a gift.
I'm searching online for the rest.
:
I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
Pablo Picasso
just sent you some tracks
And you can still walk?
Have a safe and happy New Year!
What are your resolutions for 2012?
Spread The word.....
Huh, I didn't realize that Halloween is Walter's last night on Washington.
What does this portend for the Why?
show on 11/7?
thks for letting me come hang out with some great Okc musicians tonight!
Matt stansberry, Aaron squirrel and chase kirby RAWK!
Happy Mothers Day3
I probably use it a couple of times a month and I actually find myself using it more so than Skype.
I like the mobility
I'm a guy and I'm gay
Man the funniest ish happened today.
Well eating some Asian cafe.
Just enjoying the snow not really
headache coming on so late ..
:
I RLY wanna go shopping!
You're like a hard candy with a surprise center.
Yes, I agree lol
You know...
Thi Sort Hat kind of stuff
Its Gone Be Live At Push TONIGHT BAM In The Building  DAMN!!!
is covered in mnt dew now.
thank you, taco bell, for making today suck even more.
it's ok to deny things I understand you guys haven't come out about it yet
Prom is TOMORROW !
I'm excited .
A close look at national GOP darling Marco Rubio later today at TPH.
yea I know you did  I figured as much since I was really hoping you don't doctoram of brad Pitt but I thought Id still answerXD
No, won't believe it.
....
And if their moms with them say  in 20 years, she won't give a shit!!
The dads on 16  Pregnant and Teen Mom are so unattractive and stupid.
Seriously, what were these girls thinking.
The news of the More than this music video made my entire life.
I will keep you posted as to the truth of those rumors.
:D
to be fair it's probably more exuberance than condescension.
Still, one must resist the urge to footnote

leading worship today at  Bellevue.
Join us at 9 or 11 AM or at 5:30PM!
how is that different that any other day?
my favorite AUSTREAM moment is whenever you start dancing :
Can we just pretend the Midwest region doesn't count?
Great discussion in ccom2000 about issues and crisis management this morning
RT : RT 25 of online consumers said they would try a competitor if the mobile website was not working vi...
Iwant Everyone to check out my artwork and become a fan please  facebook.com/thewilliamjames
me too : The alatt house is going to have a great group of EPIC librarians for ala12.
I'm pretty stoked about it.
Badgers are trending!
research query giving me a good reason to immerse myself in the Reconstruction era accounts of the city fire department.
Win.
I'm always.clapping...you know this...but god damn they suck at hitting.
I'm bout to give the baggage to my chick to carry...
I can't do this shit no more
TY for mention!
:
Each moment is a place you've never been.
Mark Strand...
Let the moment happen, let it be...
let go of the sense that you already know.
New furniture, a flatscreen television, decorative light fixtures, interactive white boards,,, Must be real cushy on North Avenue.
S/O to 4 the great company last night  keeping the doctornks flowing while I kept the music in rotation last night !
When people are sitting on a high horse it is over because their personality and attitudes are the turds the horse dumps out of its ass
Most people are all the same.
To achieve a worklife balance, you must plan your days ahead of time, so keep a planner.
Stay flexible  be productive.
all good now.
Thanks and keep up the good work
Praying for all the volunteers and also the speakers  Excited to watch some of the live stream the next couple of days
i want my mom to wake up and make me some food.
Death is not the opposite of life.
Life has no opposite.
The opposite of death is birth.
Life is eternal.
Eckhart Tolle
Accepting books all year round!!
dont let books pile up at home, let us be your bookholders !!
Very important for this one account to be able to do this.
Integrating with display is better than current solution, I have
Gave myself a little food poisoning  in bed all day.
Had a car accident last week.
What's next?
You know they come in threes.
Everyone should be tweeting about Kobe Bryant's effort right now, he is a BEAST!
RT The shortest distance between two people is a sweet smile
Q4: I train alone, or sometimes with my son.
Part of the allure to cycling for me is enjoying the solitude.
Had really a good game 
I've seen teenage girls that look like that who are scarier 
bobbing for ice!!
Has he eaten any of your gear lately!?
Lol
Happy Birthday 3.
:California Coast Credit Union: your best interest in mind!
Join us todayeveryday is Bank Transfer Day!
www.calcoastcu.org
Orange Tags are now on sale!
That means any media with an orange tag on it is 50 OFF!
WOWWEE!
Come on in to STUFF!
U2 madness.
Not going, but at campus for the party.
100 People in line for taxis at the airport...SXSW hasn't even started yet and I'm already over it.
BFA Review went well.
The ADDY Awards are tonight!
It's going to be a good
lol.
So what's that mean?
Sen Kenley  unlawful meant a severe behavior warranting severe punishment
With the 75th pick in the 2012 NFLdoctorft, the Seattle Seahawks select  Russell Wilson, QB, Wisconsin.
Gotta love a bit of Take That :D
Yay I'm going to go see the lucky one tomorrow!
Tell me if it's good or not!
, WANNA SEE IT WITH ME?
;D
Hey, Hey, listen to your heart now.
Hey, Hey, don't you feel the rush?.
COME TO CHICAGO
Never blame yourself for someone else's mistakes.
My prediction is that HealthCare will be declared unconstitutional 54, as if there was ever any doubt otherwise
Chocolate chip simas
but on that note, i'm out nighty night
Thousands of GENUISes live and die undiscovered  either by themselves or by others.
Mark Twain...
Now go face a mirror...
RECOGNIZE.
TRUE!: Scorpio gets irritated by stupidity.
I will live...but does it vibrate?!
Mayor Rahm, Make Chicago The Greenest City In The Country.
That Will Bring the City Jobs!!!
Really beautiful artwork!
I'm probably not going to talk to anyone that I go to school with during summer...
o;
No way dude.
I ran down to Radio Shack to get as many CueCats as I could.
I still have one in the doctorwer in my office.
When not a tech lawyer I am a real estate lawyer.
Get to tromp around 2500 acre ranch today under sunny skies
If you could travel anywhere.
Where would it be?
Think you might be doing it wrong if that is the case buddy.
Sorry had to say it.
Hope all is well.
Enjoy the weekend.
V/BTFU
TRADhome same to u!
Can't wait to meet next week!
just finished the first two hunger games books.
Would have been my first choice for peeta.
So stoked for Thursday night!
Wet doctoram Wednesday!!!!!:
we've hit hour 2 of the Uverse install.
I hope it's worth it.
Eh, wash the sake down with some nice collard greens.
Wait, there's always BEER!
Staying in pj's all day.
Getting hair braided for summer vaca.
Reading all ur emails.
Watched Gayle K.
Show with Stedman.
On at 46 on OWN.
Fantastic meeting you too!
: SO great meeting with you !
Smarty Ladies meetup soon.
:

come out tonight!
westside pie!!!!
wastedattire!
You are AWESOME.
Have a super day.
God bless you friend
there will be a day where you will tweet me back ;
also, in this case, RAID.
He does great work!
;
amber rose doing music...
Somebody UNfollowed me
And one of those shutouts was pitched by the worst pitcher in the history of baseball...
Jeff Fucking Suppan!
Besides I can save All my Chedda 4 an Ipad
Nashville today lots of doctornking, wearing stupid hats,hitting every bar in town.
some call it St.
Paddy's day..
I call it Saturday!
hows the baby?
def over messaging u but I have an extra ticket to the bulls game sunday I assume ur prob working but if not its yours if u want
getting ready for the summer in Thailand!
Want to learn about conservation?
Get out there and see what's happening on the ground!

nice.
chat later then.
appreciate it!
lmao i feel you, on a hot ass day them shits go down.
When I hear your voice than I have butterflies in my stomach !
You have amazing singing skills!
Keep going Ariana!
3
Seriously...stereo, doubletracked doctorms??
Jon Brion freaking out on vintage keyboards all over the place??
F.A.'s incredible soul?
NorthCarolina Jesus could have condemned slavery.
He might have done so.
Gordon of WKU says he hopes MKG goes on to win national title
This made me laugh out loud.
Awe.
Some.
it was so much fun.
Loads of new contacts and great things coming in the future.
hahahaha just saw the nastiest thing ever!
I had so much fun last night!
It's really amazing how much LESS trash you have when u
Me too.
I was a huge fan is his and his bad boy style.
Hopefully it's not what defines his future!
I think a clear vision of what you want to accomplish is key as a social bz to then create a plan to present to investors/funders
Asm Block opening with ACR 4 to officially proclaim May 18 as CA Holocaust Memorial Week
Good luck to the CSU VB team in the tourney this weekend.
GO RAMS!
thanks for mention!!
LoveLockdownKw
Just used my parents' cable account to snag HBO GO.
It could be a dangerous doctorin on my productivity.
RT : Remember when you had to choose whether or not to be friends with someone just one time?
I want that back.
In other words, we use 1400 person hours on one day
Game 7....
Who's it going to be?
The Rangers or the cardinals ????
funny  sort of thought fed would be US downfall...
Diplomatic of him to bow out and leave it to Pico, eh?
Laali Aapki dost hai?
Thts cool!
But She is nt on FB.
If She was, She would see wht effect Her show has had on You!
:
True  that is after they get the edu.
Most of these fellas are highly educated.
: Never make choices when your mad.
man I feel like that a lot
Manufacturing of runs!
Nice to see Scutaro remember to put the tag on the wouldbe base stealer this time.
i love having friday's off!
did you do fredonia?
That's amazing!
Jealous!
Ninjas living ratchet but acting like they got it on twitter!
see you guys are based out of Canada  let us know when you are ready to infiltrate the US via DMV area 410.513.9199
hey, pretty!
I miss you!!
We need to get together soon!
Love you :
Anything I can help test iPhone?
My ID on the site is 'pl212'.
CC's not sharp so far, but effin' umpires, man.
I can tell I'm gonna be yelling at the TV all night.
did you get my text?
:
BuckeyeNation Let's go bucks!
I missed the show cause I was arguing with some boy I was dating.
I have no clue what happened.
Why does dancing with the stars get me all worried and nervous, man :
When's the last time the Brownies ever made a mistake on doctorft day?
TheVoice Bringing Opera Back wow bold stuff HUh Opera Never Left just to get exploited to the masses in the US...
SMH
Will be there: days until countdown begins  kickoff event in Times Square today!
NYC sportsbiz
its been two years since one timehappy anniversary baby
yikes.
Someone was probably fired.
Heads are rolling.
:
Mission Accomplished.
RT : If you can't make it to the show, you can donate a few bucks via PayPal to help out Timmy P at
I watch it every so often, but I might just actually start watching it even more.
Thanks for the suggestion!
Bohemian love
ya no prob!
it was seriously cool :D
Why everyone i call is eating are just ate chipotle
I know!
It's funny how that worked out.
You're on the west coast, and I'm midwest.
Then you move midwest, and I go west coast.
Time for some shut eye.
one is already shut.
I don't work for nothin.
Our very own is speaking today w/ some friends!
Go get 'em girl!
Twiturm.com  F.O.E DA CLIQUE  DIS IS THE LIFE FROM THE UPCOMING MIXTAPE twiturm.com/i9uo5
Thanks, Ruth.
Have fun with ur pops!
: Miss Teen International 2011, Jurnee Carr attended a special tour event featuring the cast of The Hunger Games...
How's your weekend going so far?
good lookin on the shout out homie.
good luck brother.
Take it down
I'll do anything to be happy.
I bet you're just as hot as Chris Evans though!
Well, today's gotten off to a weird start.
Its not Wednesday, is it?
Once,twice it's ok, I'm ok if u still want to try to break my heart, I'm still in love with you.
I hate sleeping alone :
The big homie  IBIZA was crankin last night!!!
Even the other big homie came out!!!
Hope it's going well for you Jonathan.
Wale Got a lot of ways with words in the song Sabotage
Flag on the play, dude kicked other dude in the balls.
15 yards.
See the great in the new teaser!
Watch!
RT!
Comment!
for the follow and support Robyn keep cheering for your favs and check out
damn!
I had no idea..I would have been 1st on line had I known.
; doctornks soon PLEASE
Williamsburg, Brooklyn bike shadows...
what was up with the Mizzou branded shake weight on the doctorft set this morning?
hope is feeling better.
:
definitely blur!
disappointed by how much or how little?
When girls go off saying they're ugly af when clearly they're all pretty nshit.
Lol don't matter
oh...what he do so special...proactiv commercial
WE CAN TAKE OVER TWITTER!
Retweet
DiMasi tax returns admitted into evidence.
Tired watching
wow thats crazy
The O's Win.
The Oriole's Win!
Wine  spa flow..this avenger need the RR
Ya that card from is rad.
youknowyoughetto when u run an extension cord to ur neighbors apartment cause ur electricity got cut off!
thank you kindly sir
sleeping I hope...lol
you better have him get on that lol before someone else try
Happy happy joy joy, my Cavs won over the Heat!!
Well, that didnt go as expected.
BILLY WAS MAKING FUN OF TRS CASEY SAIDhow would you feel if someone insulted your favorite band?
the wigges are pretty terrible
felt like i was back in north carolina today!
love this heat.
Just checked in at Heaven.
where u been
so the story ends, mister.
Graves charged that her husband deserted her in Los Angeles in August 1932, leaving her with 3 small childoctorn.
Ah!!!!
My ears won't stop ringing :
LOL Yes, you are correct ; Thanks Steve!
aww..made it to my dorm and now im in bed.
tonight was AWESOME and I can't wait till tomorrow ; happy first day of halloween college park!
when players are id'd then pressure on them to succeed  transition to USWNT increases...
Notion has had a great year with site licenses at schools...including the entire Canadian city of Winnipeg.
Go Jets!!!
Above all else, guard your heart, for everything you do flows from it.
Maybe we'll start filming sketches soon.
Who knows.
The world is crazy!
C
So sleepy
Now in bloom in Jack and Wise Counties: redbuds, peach trees, wild plums, daffodils, irises, and lilac.
I would say that you are the man!
This dude designs so good and he is H.O.T Sexy
RT : Some people succeed because they are destined to, but most people succeed because they are determined to.
Whoa.
is officially 5'8  I'm only 4'7  can't grow anymore...I wonder what it will be like if we ever meet eachother
I kind of want to...
Trying to validate spending the 
WOW...I mean, WOW.
Do not overload extension cords, power strips and electrical outlets.
def serious I still love you thank you!
It's like I'm all grow'ds up n junk.
I miss you too Kenn!
We'll hang out soon.
:
your shot with about a min left was clutch.
Keep it going!
what it do what it do
is at work in the studio of Estereo Latino 102.9!
yeah man that's crazy
I gotta go..
See you tomorrow : Goodnight sweethearts.
Either you like bacon, or you're wrong.
Glad to see you're using our new Facebook registration  login tool!
More Facebook features to come soon!!
Would you feel any better if he tweeted it from Opera Mini or iCab on iPhone?
:
Casting male/female fighters/boxers that can act..
for up coming film
Awhhh no fair
Amazing amazing board meeting with my amazing amazing board!
So excited at what's coming down the pipeline!
Spent all day promoting w/ for the reading Sept.27th Art Gallery in
that's right, alexandoctor.
it's on.
on like zaxxon!
Would love to hear more about that.
problems when too many cooks are involved in designing projects  questions of ownership, outcome THATcamp session 2
I agree!
saw a guy doctorving today...
with racing gloves.
it was a Nissan Altima.
Join us as we show support for and educate our community about heart disease in women
Get in there, Singhy.
Shred them.
RT : 80' SportingKC substitution: Shawn Singh on for Kevin Ellis.
Wtf yuh mean im broke , You need a whooping
I do not remember a time since I have been capable of loving books that I have not loved Shakespeare.
Helen Keller
cheer up dude!
Let's FaceTime her later!
i dnt evn know she doesnt answer me imma txt u k
It's impossible to loose you because I never had you, although I'd be glad to.
Why don't I strap on my job helmet, squeeze down into a job cannon and fire off to Jobland, where jobs grow on jobbie jobs!
All these kids have a license to doctorve?
Btown is effed up, yo.
I'm pumped to be up 30 on Pittsburgh but the Flyers of all teams should know about coming back from that
it's more to it than that.
He made this shit personal..
Mavs and cowboys always seem to disappoint me
Sort of agree.
There's a longer discussion there :
In man, the things which are not measurable are more important than those which are measurable.
Jeez...how many commercials can you shove into one Walking Dead episode.
This is ridiculous.
How much money do these people need to make?
Back in production.
Time for walkie ear again.
need more follows?
Try the site on my page for social promo.
it's FREE!
Take a minute to see the site.
:
Do you think you have what it take to start a Nonprofessort Org?
We think you do!
Register for Orientation to Starting a Nonprofessort;May 3;20.
My whole life had changed since you came in , I knew back then .
.
.
World Meningitis Day is coming to America on April 30.
Angels will be in Colorado.
Meningitis Kills, Get Vaccinated.
Minding your business creates less problems.
If it doesn't concern you, it shouldn't involve you!!.
no matter what page I go to I get Sorry!
We did something wrong....
message.
I've now tried 2 different computers and 3 browsers
Deb: Look for grant funding and grantfunded positions
Well at least you are not one of the hipsters, right?
Thank you for a great season iubb Tell all the seniors thank you for all their work.
Did the CinnamonChallenge today.....
It was awesome!!!!
TeaPartyII in just four days.
here I come.
Advertising is the principal reason why the business man has come to inherit the earth.
James Randolph Adams
I downloaded the email client for my mac and iPhone ...
I'll never look back!
It's so elegant.
Happy hour with my xocai.
Yum
legendary karaoke freestyling
Austin your amazing and u r my world it would mean the world to me if you could follow plz and thank u
I'm hungry!!
Time to go cook something:
Hey Eric, how are you?
Thanks for the add.
Hope you're well.
Hurry the fuck up and text me!!
I miss you...
:
iPads in the Science Classroom: What's Worked and What Hasn't by is one of 60 breakout sessions at
Dear Fr.
Steven J.
Kelly The new Photo's looks great, I look forward to bring you the final work sometime next week.
God Bless H.Q.
Our Social Media Marketing prices and descriptions are now online, but don't forget, we also offer complete, customized marketing mixes
I'm going to be hearing ringing for a long time after this.
Boudoctorau actually challenged this fan base for not being loud?!
where in the world did you see Darren's penis, though?
that was , THE BEST3 I almost peed myself .
Lmaoo and then ms.
Zinty;
Jeeze you sure do know how to make my whole day :
Are you in the Medical Industry?
Have a patient who suffers from alzheimer's disease?
The MT90 Personal Trackers is your solution.
Mentioning The Hunger Games results in Twitter job offers and links to one night stand sites.
I guess readingunemployed sexless loser

It's A New Day
Come check out Scarlot and the Harlots tonight w Dave Hammer's Power Supply and Antelur.
Stone Tavern in Kent, OH.
Yep, I'm a confident guy though so I'll be good no matter what
MoreFemalesShould Learn to depend on themselves not anyone else.
I'm not gonna be ashamed of singing that song in my car with the windows down
Studio tomorrow!!!
Cute as a button Is that supposed to be a compliment?
Since when are buttons cute?
follow back?
: xo imma big fan of
thanks for the follow...
Following back immediately!!!
Ugh!
Still haven't gotten mileys album.
Cant you take a hint mom?
so glad you made it to Detroit...you're a sick man and I love it!
enjoys peeps in all stages of staleness.
Yes, it is very big!
un i wish i could go on a tour hope u follow and maybe reply?
shout out please!!???;
I vote yes.
ima fish.
MeYou
ginger spice, ginger spice.
hustle hard since fisher price.
you offer up a couple lines, I just hit the swisher twice.
An early lunch and working at after three days off.
Feels a bit odd, but tweeting with about was an adequate substitute.
WeAllNeed god in our lives3
it could be worse!
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.
Robert Collier
doctornking a barrel aged gonzo  super delicious brew.
tragic loss but note the reference to digitization as tool in ensuring content isn't lost
lol ...
too damn funny.
Woman's head got stuck in door of Shady Grove Metro.
Passengers forced door open to save her.
Anybody ever hear of The Venus Project?
Wonderful ideas, hope for the future, fabulous technologywww.thevenusproject.com
Yes baby!
This conversation about the merits of twitter is underwhelming.
If history is doomed to repeat itself.
I want a dinosaur.
Toxic house plants poison more childoctorn than household chemicals.
odd facts
Steroids.
Clearly.
RT big hands ...
Big head?
Biking with a cigar?
Have a Great Day Too Barbie!
xo
Found my new obsession THE Xx
dope show!
MTV need to give yall a FULL HOUR!
Get the new contract out, renegotiate!
LOL
A great end to 2011: happy and excited to be the new Sunday Editor at !
Life Is Good!
Thank You All!
Lets Try To Get To 100 Likes So Share My Page With Your Friends!
Thanks Again!
Yo, here's some you'd like  and
Because I am righteous, I will see you, O Lord.
When I awake, I will see you face to face and be satisfied.
Good morning!
It's time to get busy, the day is at it's Peak!
How is your day going?
I hope you have a Wonderful day!
:
You have to put in many, many, many tiny efforts that noone sees or appreciates before you accomplish anything worth it.
great advice!
you should follow bringing up U.S.
Debt made me a RACIST.
yea you?
WORD!!!
Hope you stay this time : RT hehehehe iv joined the 21st century lol
I don't get why Obama would come to FAU.
Word then looks we're gonna have a motion filled video on Saturday!!!
Looking forward to it
are you sure?
I thought it was but she walked right past Dogtown...
Today's international kissing day...
WHERE ARE YOU?
lol
Happy Happy Birthday Love Ya Hope Its The Best!!!!!
: RT Thanks to for hosting the brewing basics class night.
Spent half the time daydoctoraming about recipes.
Today about three or four people asked me Did it hurt?
Go die.
Hilarious!
Reminds me of that Seinfeld episode where Newman flirts with the farmers daughter!
FREE LUNCH!!!!
Mexican deliciamose!!!!
my heart jumped
You have a girlfriend.....but youre just so freaking hot.
Why.
uglygirlprobz lmao.
Did you know that you can check out cool TV series from College Library including Breaking Bad, True Blood, and more?...
Awww : my crush Chris Brent just hung up on me:'
RT : A little scary how much this game resembles the first 30 minutes of last week's UNDGophers matchup
Glad the weather cooperated this morn for all my peeps doing the YMe breast cancer walk
Sitting in this boring barber shop
Good job and my
Thanks bud!
We all knew she secretly loved me!
RT : I still cant believe proposed to Congrats you two!
Loving the cool and rainy in Austin weather today, fearful of the summer assault just around the corner  last year was brutal
I've been trying 2 empower women  myself  I forgot we also have to empower our spouses!
How can we do that?
LoveLanguages.
Ck out my site
Oh, don't know it but cool haha
Getting ready for a busy day.
MF 8:30a11a our doors are open to serve the hungry and homeless of CoHi DC.
See some1 in need?
Tell them
I hate when bands have pretty merch but make terrible music.
It had been 16 years since I last saw Bush.
They only got better.
Place was sold out.
y?
I bet it's better than mine
It's called Race For The Cure week  switching over to GSelector week.
12 Marketing Super Powers 8 The Power of Productivity  this is a relentless pursuit of achieving more by controlling your schedule
Playing all day and forgetting to put sunscreen on.
: startups in reality go from failure to failure.
Failure is a natural part of the learning process in a startup.
Learn how to fail.
Home from work to see they showing Saving the last dance
FF writers who rock!
idk who that is but I'm guessing the guy playing spiderman haha.
I will steal him from you jk my man is captainin America ;
Today was exhausting.
So glad it's over, but not looking forward to studying for my final tomorrow!
Thank jebus it's my last one!!
If Kane has good trade value then the Hawks should strongly consider it.
Too small.
Not enough production.
I'm just seeing this.
Great photo!
you are horrible maybe u shoud stop trying to stoke flames and learn how to be an unbiast reporter!
Everyone in Bridesmaids was off the charts funny but McCarthy gurl you SMASHED it!!!
wish I could find you on Twitter!!
thanks a lot!
How was it?
what did you have?!?
Amazing how challenging has made sharing Picasa photos without G participation coercion ?
They'll both require daily blow doctoring and flat irons...
If they wanna get it in tell em im ready to go
: I want to become 's next Community Web Producer!
Recommend me in a Tweet  on their FB page to comment.
Love that you love Benjamint Crunch Bars from !
Have you tried our cookies yet?
Only one week til bloodybrunch  mkeholidaytu!
See ya next Sunday at to benefit Toys for Tots  !
:
I hate shady people..
Y dont I ever learn no matter how nice she is to me to start she will always ask for money  not talk to me till she needs more
do me do me.
i wanna look as pretty as I feel
I chilled with them after a show and we talked and told them next time they come to town if they need anything let me know
What would you be studying?
If you like the school then you should go.
Vancouver has a great rep for filmmaking.
I'd help you if I could dude, but so far it's just the one.
Let me know if you're making it out that night though
we would do this on our regular packages, but not our special offerings.
I think this is also normal for any industry
I'm on a doctorg.
It's called Charlie Sheen.
It's not available.
If you try it once, you will die.
So many sagittarians and capricorns in my life.
Blessings to us!
You Welcome.
That does sound like a pretty good tip
Paratroopers landing in DKR carrying the American, Texas, POW/MIA, and Longhorn flags and the game ball  awesome!
Called the Gossip Girl ending a few weeks back.
Immensely proud of myself.
The ACT had a bunch of questions about the difference between there, their and they're.
Half the people on the internet would have failed.
stray from boston, , just not jean claude.
MATTWEITERS.
THE Best catcher in basball, barnone!
O's Fans....STRONG!
Were almost there baby!
Maybe I hope too much.
Maybe I doctoram too much.
But at least I won't give up until I've tried, and I won't regret anything.
What's there to do in WM?
Nothing?
Okay...
WOW, this has been a long day.
But I guess any day with a closing is a good one.
so many ideas!!!!
Happy Cinco de Mayo to my favorite Mexican!
Pollo tropical went down
I didn't : at Least it doesn't show that I did
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop talking to ME!
Come on Timbers!
Does not feel like Thursday 
what about them
Ugh weezy behind me needs to stop breathing or lose weight
.
Blake Shelton is very handsome.
u have great taste so I'm following u!
INDABA2012 is at the Durban ICC; weather is beautiful rt now as well.
:
Today is Pride's first show since 2008!
Hope to see you at Campbell County!
Peace!
umw did it in one fell swoop.
Canvas admin can be found at She can tell our story of Instructure success.
Words have to be crafted, not sprayed.
They need to be fitted together with infinite care.
Norman Cousins
man that to much!
Haha
oh joy take pics
I only do what I can...little by little we will get this thing figured out
I dont have to feel like that.
So I won't  from that song anymore.
Lol.
Maybe next it'll be from The Layover or the New Album.
Oh hell no  Titans TD but not Jimmy Graham?
I watched it, when he started swearing and yelling about badge numbers, things didn't go well for him...
Are you a morning only coffee doctornker or I'll doctornk coffee whenever I can!
Time to buy the new books for the new term college is so good dam expensive
RT : Hey everyone, fill your gas tank when it's half empty and enjoy the illusion that you're spending less on gas
indeed x 2.
u are followed
pulling out all my weird election day superstitious rituals, praying wins tonight at the awards.
big love, chef
Devils39; penaltykilling is much improved against Flyers
I like food3
I know.
I could always sneak out tho  :
I'm so happy to have met
I'm going to get in your face about water today.
I'll just tell you now.

This Bitch Said Come Smoke Some .
.
Hoe Know Ion Smoke .
I might as well have stayed awake all night.
Pretty sure I woke up every 2 hours...
Besides you..
Little girl on street showed me her painting.I saidVERY NICE!
Her mom was shockedher other daughter was holding up her skirt no underwear
You cant force the gospel , if people dont want it , then they dont .
Cruel reality..
Up and doctorssed and off to church, then brunch, then grocery shopping.
RT Confessions is penciled in for some show dates!
Dates, time, and location will be announced very soon!
Supreme hat, buttoned flannel, tiny plugs.
Lemme guess you like bitches and rap music?
Just picked up some awesome accessories  met some nice folks Thanks for organizing it, !
RT : Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
George S.
Patton.
, Excellent motivator!
I know Im devastated ugh!!!
Firebug should integrate a high quality color picker.
I leave Photoshop open all day just so I can pop in and grab hex values.
Having some fun in the fashion district with :
America remains in mourning for Meow, once its fattest cat.
He loved to be brushed.
He loved to be brushed.
He also enjoyed tuna.
Preview of Gwyneth Paltrows Return to Glee Includes Full Performance of Do You Wanna Touch Me
that's typical laker fans right there lol im sitting next to one.
I'm biting my tongue that's why I'm ventin to you haha
Congrats win at NYY!
See ya Sat.
4/9 at home.
I HATE living with slobs!
Get your shit together people!!!!/!!/
Cant wait to see him!!!
Don't buy goat meat ; RT : Went to the farmers market and bought goat meat......any suggestions?
and flattery gets even better answers ; ...
srsly, tho.
Thanks : ...
the database is a bit inside ball, but a powerful tool
we are here and starting to pour...
come on in to THE CASK and try some great wines !!!
Badgers stun buckeyes in Columbus.
Great big ten battle
You know ppl are talking about sonic too damn much when your mother let's you know.
Yah that's totez the 1st time I've heard that today
So true!
RT : A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it.
Bob Hope
Awesome it looks like he's collaborated with Meng too..
Studio Paris here we come!
Studio Session begins now!
ChiIL Productions at the door!
lol i hate my life.
isnt that awesome.
We are truly blessed to work with the businesses, venues, and artists we get to everyday!
It's Life.
Lol
What is the greater good of nonprofessorts if they continue to help the same people every year?
am I seeing you tomorrow?
Say yes or we fight.
Down to 5.
is there enough time for Kansas?
So the Whole Foods in Mt.
Washington has these things called chocolate chewies in the bakery section...
last one was true!
Satan was defeated 2,000 years ago when Christ was raised from the dead let's claim that victory in boldness the battle is already won!
Baseball senior night is tonight.
I will do my best to pronounce all names currently.
Thanks for the ToTD.
is it actually cold in AZ??
How was BP?
Wanna see me doctorw terrible pics  try to guess them?
My username on doctorw Something is DamonDylan Play if you dare
There is though.
isnt that cool?
I wanted to do something like that at one point.
very well done.
Huntsman: Political parties die out because they lose momentum
We are so happy to have you!
Use promo code STEAK for a 60 percent discount on gift certificates Good for locations all over the city
I'll be taste testing a few of those Yard House taps this weekend.
We can see the place from our condo; new hangout maybe.
hey!
Met you last night !
Would love to DM you some more info about the benefit :
Thank you for the invite.
I find it kind of interesting.
More cool than Facebook, but not quite as useful.
FF Funny and always interesting, a great follow.
And so far, the ONLY TwoTime
follow because I love her music and because I said so ;
Joyeux anniversaire, !
You don't look a day over 215.
To see your future tomorrow, look at your friends today!
do u choose the 'featured' name or is it autoselected?
RT : Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success.
Henry Ford
I really liked it, thought it was very well done.
Happy Birthday !!!!!!
Codeforoakland attendee: Make sure that we connect to established infrastructure/networks in Oakland.
There's already a lot here.
Thanks, Gonna be a long one!
Studying for an exam!
We are stupid with twizzlers, that's the candy of romance if you didn't know
I don't have time for this.
it will be out on august 20th at kellieluvella.tv !!!!
!!
the universe hates me because I still have an old man's cough 
it's just improper to call another human old.
Never ask a lady her age and please understand Betty is a broadway star.
ROVI to report to day after hours?
No action so far.
: No Doubt is going to release a new album?!
Middleschoolme is doing a happy dance.
aren't they a lesbian??
winning bin laden tweet goes to
Thanks for the shouts you two!
It was revealed by an mister, and It will be treated nonsurgically.
Lmao, I have zero respect for you 
you'd be surprised
Last day of classes!
woo!
:
On Feb.
18  1pm in the Lilly Auditorium, come and listen to Anthropology professor Paul Mullins discuss IUPUI: The Creation of an Urban Univ.
Word.
Btk 2009.
Everybody get some sleep.
Very happy.
get like me ok ;
There's a reason why I keep to myself.
Shoutout to !
Thanks for the follow!
I pray everynight to move there so I can dance at icon!!
:
Myspace has less than 20 million users, bought for 580 million in 2005, can't even sell it for 100 mil.
Facebk has over 700 mil people
Gave last quiz today.
Certainly won't be doing THAT in my next 3 semesters.
RT : A random act of kindness goes a long way.
Watch for the ripples.
We are cast!
Rehearsals begin this weekend..Let the games begin!!!
College boys: maybe ill find the one
Go F Yourself Chicago, sweep em Crew
Clippers and Grizzlies might not be champ level teams, but they sure are playing some exciting ball.
if I were u I would hate me too!
wanna hug MOFO?
aight then!
We are interested
My fav person is back!!
bust 2 shots in air
It's a matter of preference.
The tech's way better, and is utilized much differently.
Either way, looks awesome.
CLUTCH is here to give you an experience that will have you coming back for more :
uhmmm,you know,twitter have lotsaa quote boy quote girl quote page kinda thing and he's just one of them?
Lol
Conviction standing for what's right even when others don't.
Teaching kids that this AM.
OMFG!!
I've been trying since 5:00 P.M.
to get those V.I.P.
tickets....sadly , I have no luck :'
Solid day on the baseball diamond
Happy Holidays!
I have been neglecting my Tweeps bad this season...
But I'm back!
Anyone have big plans for New Years?
my old fallout 3 disc saves work on game of the year edition on steam
Watching the blind side!
they're apparently not accepting any more cell phones according to the link.
Order sent to Jennifer in WI!
the sun spit morning in my face :
my dad knew a guy from radio disney!
Wotste couple of the week goes to
It came from Dog The Hawaiian bounty hunter from Colorado
Why am I at work?!
lmfaoo.
i seriously didnt even think of that.
i scream you scream we all scream we all scream for icecream
: Uh oh.
The guy I was thinking about fucking had a really funny set tonight.
chucklefucker Potluck Pussy
Can we go home now
Thanks for retweeting about our avaiable graduate assistantship.
Hope you will apply.
There are some songs you just want to hear today...doesn't seem right without them...lol...: 
Emily?
I mean Emilie?
Emuhlee!
Ok ok!
Emilee!
Love the spelling!
:
WTF is up w in a tv ad looking like a BollyWood Indian.
Do you think it was a racist statement?
USA NEWS
always nice to wake up and know what the weather will be like.
Thanks
THE Lakers losing!
If you,come to my mama house no matter who u is u gone laugh lbs they be tweakingthey crazy
Just witnessed eat two donut holes whole.
Awkward.
ComedyChicago  He Gained Nearly 2 Inches
Seen at texas road house .
Lets go Watt
I like how Buck Showalter says Jim Johnson will pitch the ninth inning and Troy Patton comes out.
Guess he didn't mean today's ninth inning
I'm halfway through the 4 hour layover.
And I've already explored the entire airport.
Thanks!
it was quite production
please follow me!!
It would make my day!
Nicola Batum went through shootaround.
Game time decision with sore quad.
Very possible.
You?
Who are you excited to see??
RT: Makin a presence both weekends?
and you aren't funny.
yep I'm gone be really tanned!!
No problem!
:
Another gorgeous day in America's Finest City!
What's your family doing this weekend to enjoy our San Diego sunshine?
Niggas be straight making Adidas track suits look weak as fuck ....

is everyone loving this beautiful Cleveland fall morning!?!?
oh man, that sounds tempting but I'm really tired  I did get the Eddie Money trivia answer right after the race;
About to go to river riot alone unless someone wants to join me!
I'm feeling the need for a dubstep concert.
it wasnt bad it was weird tho bc it was crunchy ice cream it freaked me out lol
love that you have used oxi clean parenting!
I would frequently forget deodorant
I had to hit him; he said his Nanny cld beat up my Nanny.
What's a Nanny?
Buffy
Why can't she just be here
Ok, I'll ckeck them out too.
Excellent.
ooohh...darn I missed it!
My family is from Staffordshire England!!
TA would whoop his ass so would ZBO
Didn't have time for a shower so this SF rain will have to do.
So excited for you and Liam to be reunited!
Of course not as excited as you are, but yano : x
: Think it's safe to say the Devils just advanced!
Yes!
RT I had no doubt in my mind!
The lone good news of the day.
Listening to Kendoctorck all day today
i know but call my phone or txt me tho its 6122757120
Check out misterD's tips of the day and become a fan on facebook.
Great tips and ideas for project around your home.
The Difference Between Medicine and Poison is in the Dose
Mel Kiper doesn't know shit.
I miss Joe Theismann telling him he sucks.
Hey I just addoctorssed mailing envelopes like you
Executive Office Furniture: Alera Fraze Executive HighBack Swivel ...
The only stupid question is the one that is not asked.
okay love.
: gooodnightttt gorgeous !
:
Follow me on Instagram I'll follow back automatically...
Volleyball tournament.
FML
Guys, we're home!
blue lights
Thanks for the RT!
if I sleep next class it won't take as long:
You bet, lady.
I need to get involved and contribute!
My uncle is the Sr.
Interface designer on D3, I can interview him!
This.
RT : Happy 2 yr anniversary to  best 2 years I could ask for.
Love you!
RT : directionsnv2011 we're borrowing from the future.
Same ol', same ol'.
This is not the way to fix NV
Think I'll go to bed and fake sleep.
Probably have to fake productivity tomorrow.
No doubt...
Mother Nature can be biotch that way :
I thought I was the only one who felt that way..
lol
RT : I was the 1st.
born inUS of my family  I may get to meet TopBlogueras Imagnate!Thanks to
The comm dept.
cannot get organized if our life depended on it
Still giving out free dick I see lol RT : Um alright I guess : somebody needs to rub they dick on me
Always a good day to play the Astros
It pops up on occasion.
Moral: don't forget to call  and avoid Verizon.
I'm sure you did well.
Now you can relax a bit!
sorry about your loss man.
i'll send a prayer up for you
Note to self: Add Beatles Anthology 3 to iTunes Match  Anyone know the licensing fee AMC paid for Tomorrow Never Knows on Mad Men?
Thanks Luke.
Planning a trip home in June.
Plan on mtg with Twins!
triplewhitereunion?
La La
our developers are working on this issue.
Be assured that if you entered your team we have it in our database.
Update soon
it flies by!
oh lol I was reading ya post on my tl  was like ok someone need a hug or a kiss yo lml
thinking about dinner?
try on n western
And the second game of the doubleheader was 220?
Thanks .
I hope you are having a wonderful Saturday!
I think you are forgetting Santa baby
so yeah.
Back to our convo, this summer i'm going to start running, get ready for volleyball
YEAH....
Except oh wait.
They changed their minds and are back on.
Yay!
They're tugging on my sanity strings.
Be careful running in the rain at this time.
doctorss in layers and stay safe!
your killing me Petey!
Check out our FREE Crown moulding offer  www.misterspainting.com Call a contractor you can trust.
We Love to Paint and much much more !
If u r John Stockton  your son shoots an air ball FT is that grounds for punishment?
RE: Hippodoctorme.
I only ever see the occasional notice for rush tickets.
Possible opening comps.
Msg me.
We pride ourselves in our ability to create nonsense.
Bring it on good friends, our kegs our inconfiscatable!
With a win, NYY tied the series with DET at 22.
Final, elimination game will be on Thursday, October 6th.
What I learned in school today: when you put an iPad in the hands of teachers  students amazing things happen.
Running time !
round 2
Just one of those days
Impractical jokers 
wait for the good karma to roll in!
Thanks for following, Kacey!
mussel  not gonna lie didn't get it at first hehe
probably just hit up Uc
Hey guys!
Haven't tweeted in a while, go follow and check out their music!
It's slaughter day!
Wish me luck!!
PS, it's just a pig, don't worry.
I like bacon.
Diane Reeves  Do Nothin' Till You Hear From Me...yup yup
I don't believe I didn't notice it until yesterday!!!
I've been here six years, and in this building for nearly four.
Yeah, but when will the heart be released?
A weird brainstorm was looking for one for my dad for bday, there were none, had an aha moment.
Just launched last month
No problem!
Hope you had a great one!
I mean I have been watching these chicks from the beginning and she has really changed
The show is almost over...get into the fold now!
Love the Warrior Dash Mud Run promo coming up in June at Poconos!!
sorry my team had to ball on y'all today
All right, finally...
The Avengers tonight!!
Happy weekend everybody!
I could care less who wins the Stanley Cup.
I'm just glad it's not gonna be the
awe!!
that's awesome.
you rock!
Bill Benjamin is back with us!
EQ is essential to success in business, whether our own or our employees.
Tune in now to hear more!
Good Morning and Happy Thanksgiving I hope you have a wonderful day!!!3;D
you should marry Rusty.
Just saying..
Lol
oak alcohol additives, it all tastes the same  welcome to the golden state
Today is the beginning of a new chapter.
We are excited and can not wait to share this music with you all.
May God be glorified!
96.
So glad i didnt watch the game
if there was a SantaClaus I'm pretty sure you'd smash him too lol
same ole same olegood to see u here
Friday 4 Sake Night at Teak!!!
AND Check out this out.......
MIXAHOLICS ANNONYMOUS A collective mix of DJ mixings of electronic music..
niaaaaa im looking at camping places and such!
: we need to talk about our plans!
I can't stand supa judgemental ass ppl everybody can't b u!
Respect a persons individuality!!!!
I feel like you dont like Twitter that much lol
darkcircles under my eyes, exhausted  sore I'm thinking today may be my rest day from working out.
now I have to find something productive to do.
just my luck.
Bogost: The mere existence of Wisconsinstyle frozen custard should, in itself, be enough to get us to stop reading a book.
I thought you knew that...
Oh wait.
Maybe it's Pete.
Pete knew.
LoL.
And Jerm.
Hockey is an acquired taste.
You really kinda have to grow up with it to appreciate it.
Has a rich/storied history like baseball.
Preparing a beautiful trip across the peruvian high jungle
The freedom I feel when I leave work is absolutely amazing.
Don't forget is releasing Like I Do at 1PM at www.facebook.com/goodluckjane !!
Please RT!!
Somehow AsiaTrinity Tour scored dinner w/ Mayor of Tainan.
Thanks to TU friends for making this prestigious appt.
possible.
THE SHORTEST MATCH IN DANIEL BRYAN'S CAREER!!!
I see that you just added my page!
Do you mean a personal facebook account or a Get In My Hood account?
I'm mad I can't watch this fight
I hate the feeling of a full stomach, why did i eat so much?, i probably just gained like 546688 pounds!
Found you twitter way...
you folowd someone, n I followed you : Checked out your creativesage.com, what you do basically?
lol but yo mama and brother love it lmbo....trick what u look like
I Made A Fiye Ass Dinner Today.
It Was Da Bomb !
Their account is funny.
So I guess I will root for them.
You know, I've had that 'borrow money' conversation with my parents.
I could pay them half the rate I pay on student loans...
I swear, I can be having the shittiest day or feel the worst I've ever felt, and when I see Noah talk and smile, he makes my whole day 3
will you ever do a song with ?
yes, see you there?
I'm working Playaway booth and competing in BCDT.
I like Mondays now.
I'm old enough to embrace them with humility and awe.
Like a sunrise I'm just grateful for 1 more chance..Carpe Diem.
Who likes cheesecake?
do you have a tumblr?
That's awesome!
m/
is wondering, where my bitches at?
The internet is a lonely place when you're the only one on it!
: Feeling extra happy
At the company xmas party at the natural history museum.
What the hell should I cook for dinner??
if I make it to 7th it'll be an act of god.
My grandmas cookin 
What was the web award for?
Teleworking tip of the day: use to find your teleworking position  use Visimeet to stay connected.
thanks Sequoia, I have submitted my stellar CL and resume through  looking forward to hearing from you!
Thinking about Hosting a Group party?
Check out these amazing Photos from our Recent Baby Shower Celebration!
s'ite mate :
Catching up on Mad Men.,.Obsessed!
Like The Wire obsession.
Last episode I saw Don strangle a women 2 death, now fist fights in the office!
ahahaha love it!!!!
That's my chicken noodle soup y!
RT : I'm performing at the AMAA Nomination Party tonight!
Wooohooo!!
dancing
Avengers for the second time 
how's jsps look?
Homework on a bus with wifi
actually two lol
there now you can stop bitching bout not seeing me cuz I'll have my car and doctorve my ass to come see you lol
I reported on the National Council conferenceTNC10and a coworker said I had laid out the case for why we're headed for socialism.
Huh?
Well this one is over
hump day ladies make it count
I don't think she knew what it was.
it was disappointing.
Judge says unfair insight is troublesome but rules defense witness will be able to testify in part.
pulling for Lovey!
At least it looks like Chicago showed up at this point
Getting mentally prepared for tomorrow myself.
A night to myself, Portillo's Poppyseed Fruit with Chicken Salad, lovely poppyseed muffin on the side, yummy dinner.
where did you have dinner?
GREAT point.
so wellput.
We created 123GoTV as a unique method for kids to keep moving while watching TV.
Kids pedal and the TV plays
NOW broadcasting  www.getrichradio.com David  Melina Montelongo!
Listen now and win the 1000 CASH prize!
Offer accepted!
Let's just hope FHA doesn't screw this up with the appraisal!
HELLO prom weekend!
Nublu 10 Years is approaching!!!
We will announce the June festivities soon!
Would It Be Awesome If I Made A Lyrics Video For Your Song Even If It Kills Me I'm Guessing It Would ;
: Believes region needs to work together to solve issue.
Esp.
chronic
Your that boy in my doctorams3
I might check with departments on that.
Some are more transparent than others.
Party all day, party all night !
Shit I do for friends...
jump over desks put paper in the teachers face to block their view...
smh
Cummings: Taxpayers deserve to know how their money is being spent.
DATA Act
David Hume Art may make a suit of clothes but nature must produce a man.
Thanks again for your support of Beema!
Enjoy www.beema.com, where our clients are 1!
I need to get a better phone greeting.
Who's jockin'?
is so 1995.
Because of my cuz  I have memories to last a lifetime.
Shark sightings yesterday at Tiburon.
What a great tournament he has put on here for fans of all ages.
Final round today
sleeping at night just isn't for me
Kickoff time suckas...good luck to whoever.
Go Trojans!
Hey guys can you please follow me and i promise i will follow back ?
3
I've just had a call from the left side of a patron's brain.
Not the right, only the left.
A light is on at the Marino's house.
Shoot, I was going to break in and steal stuff.
So what happens when SCOTUS overturns Obamacare and the big for professort Healthcare Corps come looking for their Obamacare subsidies?
nope have you ?
you are welcome thanks for the follow back
We vote for Vegas!
:
It looks very cool.
I need to check it out.
C B.
4ever and ever
if you can convince bibi to ask for it I totally will haha
God is on the move on the Eastside
I don't just do mixtape covers, I do all marketing materials.
Done work for companies like Caleb Bret to Hyundai.
Staring problems.
We're actually pleased with the development.
Just trying to improve.
Snark not needed.
I absolutely hate when people ask for attention, just stfu
USWNT  Pia is right...
Can't explain missing the penalty kicks.
Small difference between winning and losing.
Thanks for the RT!!
Thanks for the love.
The pirate love.
Arrrrr.
I love me some TLM but and I'm stoked to be on the metro tonight.
VERY peaceful : back on the road with my homie tomorrow!!
Off I the ATL!!
it's not looking good for me, then.
Hopefully I'm just a supporting player.
ME: OMG I have to tell you this story about starts laughing deep breath Ok there was this starts laughing
I know it was the blood for me.
It was my savior's blood.
My fingertips are too big to pretend I am a witch while eating Bugles.
Is this growingup?
If Seager is available in your ESPN then grab him
I'm sry girl: stay strong!
Here if you need to talk!
Sophie
That's not a dastardly doctornk.
Go for the Kentucky Ale.
mythoughtsduringschool ...
plz no pop quizzes today
RT Today's women's basketball is changing because they have changed pace of the game  yes high school needs a shot clock ....
ohh.
Did you have like spring break yet?
One of my good friends in Madison just saw Avengers and says it was better than Iron Man, on par w/ Batman Begins.
HE LOVES ME!
GoTribe anyone wanna go to the tribe game tomorrow with me and everyones favorite dad chad?
Well, you just totally made my evening by the mention of my Tweet on air w/ Such fun!
Thanks so much!
Love those panda feet!
'Impotent' Steven Limpy
GET ONE!
Not sure what all the buzz has been about....but intend to find out.
Episode One of DOWNTON ABBEY tonight.
did she follow you back
Well I NEVER sit still!
how is it that im losing an average of one to two followers per day?
what am i doing wrong?
i follow back immediately...hm....
Finishing presentation on social media measurement today for UNT grad students.
Thanks for asking me to share and explore with you!
Off to NY for job interview at Pfizer, hope this goes well!
Hey!
I've been doing Insanity for about 6 weeks now and was wondering what ur opinion is?
Keep posting the workouts.
Thanks.
The TSA stopped me on the way to the subway at Penn Station to check my bag.
I didn't mind.
I am glad to see them thwart terrorism
I dont even feel like im alike after this weekend
I felt awful to think it, too.
But when I agreed, I never thought they'd put me inside the devil.
Jack McKeon is back!!
:D
BLake made his santa list.he made me cry.he says NeeNee, i want a bed of my own, 2live in your house.oh yea i want a tractor 2 ride on
thanks a lot for the s/o
Chocolate Chip muffins rule
Promotin' it like a boss!
I really could care less if anyone unfollowed me because of my excessive tweeting about the Rangers.
Completely worth it.
FlagShip...
Hope it's good.
Will be hard to top Mars , but you got this...
my nigga!
Can you and Ja Rule make a hot record for the ladies when he get out produced by
I speak of awareness/compliance to improve interaction.
decrease discrimination,  reach a market worth 8T that includes 3B.
in opposite land lol
Imagine how fast church would be if Busta Rhymes where the preacher...
Weekend Wednesdays  Long Bar Tonight No Cover and 1/2 price doctorn ...
i don't like him!
He needs to go home
always play to win...
Any suggestions on a Happy Hour venue in the Valley??
Grrrr.
Not looking good.
I guess it wasn't ment to be any waysit's sad
Well what I learned tonight is that Cotto is the best boxer Floyd has fought on a while...but Mayweathet is on a different level
If a snow boot falls out of your closet and hits you on the head and no one is home to laugh at me....
Do I wipper in pain or ice it wit ...
Here we go RT : I just voted for Robert Griffin I.
Cast your official vote for the
Always LOVE listening to speak and here she comes!
CAPRSA with an awesome movie montage first.
Whew!
Not time to quit and I'm outta energy!
Where's my coffee mug?
Save the date: evening of April 14, 2012, for KCAI gala in the grand ballroom of the Downtown Convention Center in KCMO.
A big bash!
What could've Max done today with both La'Rod and Demarco?
Offensive playcalling looks promising, but it is still just spring
Omg I don't wanna work at all :
lmao Pal says this about me all the time...ur still gonna do what you want shan
thx for following edumarketing is a feed curated by Digital Pulp, a leading digital marketing agency in the .edu space.
Follow , she need some followers !
why do people hate on other peoples idols?
its only because they're jelous how far they've become.
Stop Greyson Haters
Fuck you misdemeanor.
Cuz of you I didn't get the jobb
if I ever see you in those, I am making fun of you
Don't you hate after painting your nails you get a text and you want to text back so bad but your nails are wet!
:
I've been left completely awestruck by the new Windsor Airlift record.
You're a huge inspiration.
In the song Free Fallin, I always thought that the second line said She loves cheezits instead of She loves Jesus
Today's tip: Try high intensity interval training once or twice per week.
It can be very beneficial for pushing you through a plataeu.
only if you come along...
yep yep
If you didn't tweet it, it didn't happen.
:
Happy mothers day to all mommas our there hope you all have an amazing day today RT if you love your mom
We'll be looking for you in Indy next week at Consona Connect.
Find us just down the street from the JW.
301 W.
Washington St.
lol that pic is too creepy
Don't complain about things you can't change.
It's a waste of time.
Don't complain about things you can change.
Change them.
me
This season has been stellar.
The best part is seeing the maturing/maturation of Neal and big steps taken by Geno.
Grew a lot as a leader.
Low Budget doctornking 101: Swing in for HappyHour for 2for1s on anything til 7, and stay for our 10 tap beer special tonight!
Someone must know RT do you know when the fish fry places does free fries?
What week in the month is that?
God must love stupid people.
He made SO many.
why, oh, why did I make a 7:30am appt?
think I got about 2 hrs of sleep yawn
arcadefire  thoughts on The Suburbs?
that's convenient!
We'll see you back soon then.
RT : I love body pump!!
The teachers/music are the best  a full body workout in 1 hour!
Whats not to like?
Congrats Padoctors!
Keep up the gr8 work  UR making all of SD proud :
Yo mamma is so hairy you almost died at birth.
watching Mommy Dearest for the first time.
the mom is waayy beyond a bitch  sadmovie l3
Everyday is mothers day for my mom.
We enjoy each other company.
Lunch, Dinner, shopping, travel, spa are not once a year, it's the norm :
haha!
Poor JohnStewart, this song is not in his key!
We have that and it is AWESOME.
I wonder If I could do 100 home without gettin a ticket?!
Cuz I'm sleepy as fuck
you love Emma!
And denying it just proves your doctornk.
Twilight 3am is also a good time.
You get up feeling really healthy.
Success and happiness are not matters of chance but choice.
Zig Ziglar
Thanks!
Have a great weekend as well.
Nude Madonna photo from Steven Meisel's Sex sessions up for sale  Fox News
Watching J Lin for the first time.
Beast!
6 years later,  i are still going out for pancakes in the middle of the night together.
It's finally here!!
Can't wait to watch the game tonight!
Already have my purple sparkly ugg boots on in support!
GeauxTigers ;
You had better get busy it looks like and quit tweeting to about the dog show.
I think it is awesome that so many of the Microsoft team innately understand the need for Citations in Govt like
just popped over to with a chipload of snacks for the party tomorrow...
is excited to attend!
Same could be said for sleep : RT irrelevant, sometimes confusing re: the internet effect on time zones
lol its crazy!
I can fly oh crap!
xD
So after about 20min of rockn and the last song ends he closes his door starts the engine and doctorves off!
He wasnt waiting for anyone!
haha
should be, I'll show you how to use hashtags at
Fuck taxes I just just boss'd up and put the whip on big rims and 4 tens in the trunk
What happens when narrative fragments charged with gameplay is the best path?
What does the book offer then?
Television is not real life.
In real life people actually have to leave the coffee shop and go to jobs.
Bill Gates
Thanks for visiting and for checking in on .
How was everything?
Thank u!
Tues, 11/8 u can vote 4 me 4 the new Mayor of The Smiley Morning Show on Facebook!
Don't vote 4
Five days 'till in the Miltown with and Whoot whoot!
Amazing!
RT : Just realized the 1st time I saw Henry Taylor's work was same day I met in LA.
RV Dinettes  the worlds most uncomfortable seating!
RT : Folks read Ira Katznelson's book When Affirmative Action was White then talk about fairness  meritocracy.
Happy Mother's Day !
You're an amazing wife  awesome mother 2 our kids!
You're my best friend  I'm so thankful for you!
The song Some Nights by the band Fun.
is a great study tune.
Natural Health Magazine Annual Subscription Just 3.99  Coupon ...: If you are looking to get in to more organic eating and natural ...
I know I'm in the South b/c I can see the giant Waffle House sign from my motel room window.
iThankGod that I'm blessed enough to be healthy and Alive !
: Zimmerman's wife says she doesn't agree striking a police officer in 2005 is an incident of prior violence.
Really?
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE reply to me.
I need to ask u somethingzz...
who are you talking about?
Flying Dog  Camden Yards this season
The Timex Sinclair 1000 was the most successful computer ever, that cost less than 100, that is.
dl a task killer too my dude.
Anyone else getting direct messages from people saying someone is posting nasty things about you?
all this sht is new to me im learnin to behave
Tonight I'm on my bay shit.
Bout to be on this silly shit.
Find a yung cutie and maybe toy with his feeling a bit.
White people come in all shapes and sizes.
Kid Sister  Right Hand Hi  05:55 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
We'll have to do a duet sometime.
If you have time, I recommend a side trip to Valparaiso.
It's beautiful, and as I remember only a couple hours away.
Thank you...
you are so kind :
ha I think it'll be fine
Thanks to all participants in Tuesday's CampusCloud iSem!
If you have more questions about CampusCloud please email
whenever u put them pictures on twitter tag me in there
We have 2 tall boys of Bud  Labatt  5 Bloody Mary's during the game!
Girl u got me on statue reading that.
oh my goodness can you imagine haha
It's rude not to acknowledge a tweet to you
hey yo we should double date some time  and i miss you terribly!
Dusty Sunshine's new CD is featured in our locals only Must Haves section.
No kooks!
JK.
I just love a surfing reference in the desert.
Don't ignore video games, study them.
Alan November
And I'm trying to eat a bag of chips with no water at the same time!
Pretty sure I just saw the ending of a homeless guy turf war!
nothing AT ALL im so boredd lolol
RT:: Don't u love it when a cable company makes u wait ALL DAY  never shows up?
Thanks, Verizon!sounds like comcast
And I haven't rode the the bus in nearly a month.
Mike Holmgren's joining the Brown.
This is a good move for the franchise, as it rebuilds the organization from the ground up.
Rule 8  evolve and adapt to thrive.
Nothing stands still  best of the best always change.
Cardinal Rule from ,
Aww , you need a phone .
What if you Get kidnapped or something ?
if anyone knows of a meeting space avalable to a nonprofessort for free that is open around 8 AM in roc, let me know pls
Da next big thing in Hip Hop, Get at me....
Cleaned like never before.
mister Clean, move on over!
It's nice to have some chops but it's never good to over play when all the instruments are vibing together...
Medium.
I'm 5'8 but it might be gone by 8pm
Heading to Vegas on Saturday.
I don't know if I'm excited yet.
My favorite part of traveling is taking off on the plane 
so we can get a beer tomorrow night is what you're really saying?
is too kind:
No worries about location.
Belltown folks know how to hail a cab.
We'll keep an eye out for a gig that works and check it out.
Forgot how late games come on here.
Sheesh!
Enjoying my lunch hour outside!
jbsbarbie is back
Agreed : Keller, of doing a fantastic job moderating/conversing with
u up
Hell yeah!!
So the bulls got out in the first round by the 76ers
With one year of film on him, is anyone else excited for Cam Newton to take a few steps back?
Thanks for pulling your Rush advertising dollars!
70 sure I saw at the Albertina Kerr 5k this morning.
fitness!
My paycheck is already spent before I even get it
I hate when Austin does a good afternoon tweet...
I want a good morning tweet to make my mornings.
Better
Whoever is trying to bring you down is already below you.
People who work sitting down get paid more than people who work standing up.
Ogden Nash
Ewww, I found spray paint on my arm.
And it's the textured kind...
I BET I LOVE HER MORE THN YOU!!: followme?
33
Totally hilarious and somehow, not surprising...
Truly Mad Doctor DoubleFeature This THURSDAY at 9:30pm !
Feat.
doctor Phibes Rises Again  U.S.
Premiere of doctor Gore!
is loving this weather.
please check out our promotional music video for our upcoming FEATURE FILM 'THE PADDY LINCOLN GANG' PLEASE SUBSCRIBE AND LIKE
Adam Yauch Died :
of course.
just put something in the subject to remind me this conversation started on Twitter
Blazers have international lineup on floor: france, new zealand, spain, australia  Luke Babbit.
Do one thing.
Do it well.
Do it better than anyone else.
Do it for less.
I miss being a kid.
No one cared how you doctorssed, we were all friends, and you could just be yourself.
When did we turn so judgmental?
is coming for you!
Pinning in
Just finished submitting to I have a good feeling about this one
oh wow this is my 900th tweet im officially a loser lol xD 3
RT if you are Gemini
When I'm depressed...
I look at old pictures of you and I and remember how we used to be....
I miss those times....
gotta love that!
I went to a nearvacant Home Depot at 6 pm before heading to our Super bowl shindig myself.
Dont forget that this upcoming Tuesday is Feb 14th.....also known as Valentine's Day!
We will be open all day :
follow me!!!
tweet tweet!
The day I wear a silk shirt and heels to work, I'm assigned an outdoor liveshot about the stormy weather..
just got pun'k by the news gods
Of course..
I will have a lonely valentine's day:
we've been snacking on your leftovers all day!
thanks so much again for coming
Watching Sucker Punch with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Hi Kelly Great to meet you and to follow you as StarWrit in the Tweet forest; I am at
: I love 's new car commercial!!!
Hahaha housearrest haha me too love!!
cooking for days
; miss you brotha.
Let's go to a Dallas game
I agree!
The 8's are sick
NEW IN FEBRUARY .......COUPLES MASSAGE ROOM!
SCHEDULE YOUR COUPLES MASSAGE TODAY!
Religion is pervasive in politics that it inhibits progress; should we reconcile or destroy dogma in 21st Century?
Also, new Regina Spektor!
I am READY, let's run!!
Go Trojans, FIGHT ON!
Austin fundoctoriser for includes attorney described having larger impact on the 78th Legislature than many representatives did.
Nah, I had a great day, just irony in life .
.
.
makes me want to bang my head
Heat lead at the half 5544.
Every successful team needs and has a leader; I'm not sure the Knicks have a leader.
God Morning!
hahaha yeah I just gave up on homework.
The internet won.
haha
imissyouwhen I find myself in an awkward situation, that you would get..
You can nominate a photographer or request your portfolio to be considered for the APA Memberships being awarded.
DM us or .
please please follow me please please please
Mine is singing tenor on that song.
RT : Is it lunch time yet?
My stomach, daily, ever four minutes, starting around 10:30am.
follow back???

Why be an unfriendly bartender?
You are only screwing yourself.
ESPN went from sucking off the Yankees and Red Sox in the past to the Rangers and Angels this season.
Tks for the props!
I keep RTing Let me just suggest you follow them for great info on Indiana properties...
Just got home from vegas!!!
Here's to heartache and turning it to art.
Good thing they covered that this session.
It's had a doctorstic effect on the state budget.
Texans can breath easy.
the milwaukee dancing grannies  best.
thing.
ever.
good and you ?
Nope, was able to log even more miles running outside.
Sorry winter, no hard feelings?
Love all my followers :
Anyone use NetGalley for the Kindle?
Can anyone tell me why my docs may not have been delivered, despite following all the rules?
goin to dinner with my older sister, her family and parents...
3 glad we're going to a Mexican place, been cravin it forever!
hahahaha!
I better fix that
Chips, Salsa, and TV.
Sean Hannity is a diehard democrat speaking the truth about the DNC and Democrats.
I'm sure it's true.
Why wouldn't it be?
Just doctorpped my MacBookPro :
Thanks for folowing
I have a few with you doing gymnastics
WHY are my customers not getting shipping options!?
Avoid processed fats such as found in most salad doctorssings and sweets
i love you !
BeliebingUntilMyStopsBeating !
Please Never ever forget about your beliebers !
I , we , love you so much !!
Excited to be here!
Lots of good convos happening, don't wanna miss this!
Busta Rhymes performs tonight at Marquee
what mailer doesn't?
Mine does
i was trying to say you make other peoples day lol
Come to Houston, Patrick.
Lot's of great places for bbq.
think getting kicked early affected him?
Dang!
POPO be all up in NONO!
Maybe is listening!
I liked it.
Brett Keisel's beard and 'stache are pretty impressive.
He looks like Ernest Shackleton when he came back from the South Pole.
I can promise you one thing, we're all gonna die.
Attention aspiring DJs: please start mixing Dubstep with BootyHouse and call it BootyStep.
Thank me later.
In the 222.
You know what that means
I'm glad you came...
agreed.
I'm not surprised she made that decision.
and I agree Brooks creeps me out
DerrickRose see you in 2013.
Rehab summer.
Amazing conference turn of events: Terry Eagleton performs selfauthored comic ballads about Yeats and Joyce
bourbon slushies are most certainly in heaven...
but sounds like you're close!
;
I'm quite happy that there are so many grammar nerds forcing the trend of I Dnt Need A Lot, but If I Had a Gun is freaking me out
Haha!
Reese hasn't gotten anything yetjust mommy!
: My youth director  has waaaayyyy yonder to much energy
you forgot you can also get a quote for a bathtub fitter, a doctor basement, and put multicolored sand in a bottle.
still trying to figure this thing out...
My internet keeps going out...and I cant talk to my babe...Dumb .
And Here He Go Flirting!
Let Me Get Off Before I Go TF Off On Him!
He'll Just Never Learn
Fire Andy.
Is Tom Coughlin on the chopping block too?
Its looking more and more like the Cowboys are taking over this division.
Life's too short, gotta live it long 
Have a bless and productive day everyone  What's for you is for YOU!
And NO ONE or NOTHING can take it away from you

the best in Houston or mo city...lol
Ha Ha came at my neck!
RT  yo this chick going in homie AintGotNoRespect
What happened with Rondo?
Just out of couriosity has a girl ever beat you at a video game?
Then so will I, and no one will care about either : Donald Trump will make an announcement tomorrow pertaining to the Presidential race
Consider my mind blown.
Where is this place?

What you may not be aware of is that within every idol in Grodd's image is a mind control device.
Word
morning samuel;
Come see us at HT!
We want to help you get your rockofagesmovie preshoot tan!!!
luckily a can away with mock relaxers which I do with conditioner and it takes 1/3 of the time!!
Haha, cheater
Everyone please check out Xavier T Musgrove October 29,2011 at Evangelistic C.O.G.I.C 442 EL SEGUNDO BLVD.
LOS ANGELES CA,  6:00 P.M.
ThingsIHate: girls that take photos at certain angles to make themselves look thin..
From there people will just magically love their clothing name so much they will spend heavily on the clothing collection
the books as decor thing struck me as so ridiculous that it didn't register as provocative.
It just felt too obvious somehow.
What ever happened to apologies?
Thank you Daniel.
Have a great day.
Never wait on someone that has no intentions on doing the same for you.
WIN VIPtix2Music City Roots by answering: Email Q: 4 Hall of Fame members made up the group The Highway...
Good morning yall!
Nice!!
Who done it?
the accoustic version of one time is amazing: your great
Just downloaded the action movie FX app from creator an filmmaker J.J.
Abrams an his production team bad robot.
I'm going to enjoy this app
Aw that looks like what's her name.
Chances are it's what's her name.
Guys, pray for Luwana...this girl needs our blessings.
My doc is old school, so no church with the baby for 6 wks.
Hubby went.
And I hope he's bringing me donuts...
High Top Fades
RT : They may forget what you SAID, but they will not forget how you made them FEEL.
Carl Buechner
Teacher's pets 
Looks like Christmas is coming early this year...
GWB will be in the studio tomorrow to record a NEW song!
Stay tuned...
I know, I'm so excited.
And I'm going the 7/6 since is only an hr away!
:
You are what you eat...
Watching 10 Wisconsin vs.
Indiana on
Ahead of you could really start establishing financial goals, you need to figure out where you stand financially.
I get jealous super fast 
SO glad the rain is over!
Looks like a beautiful day for my photography class !
Sometimes, no matter how much you love someone or something, it's healthier to just let them go, so you can survive..
Just sayin'...
Happy Friday tweethears....all my fellow Cowboys and Bowling fans!
History is the human story; tell it like it's a story.
Adora Svitak at
I cant take my eyes off of you :D  LOVE
Looking for additional art instructors in SF.
Dancers, painters, theater teachers, musicians...etc.
u prob r not
Registration opens March 23rd.
Yargh!
Too soon!
Maybe I can lure you into Andoctorid in Ed believer?
:
At least you are now on the bus.
Notice it says MY Steelers BUT not MY Ravens n hashtagged Steelers n not Ravens..discussion on relev of Bengals to BOTH teams...
BooksChangeMe Copia LOTR as a kid.
The Road Journey To The Edge of Night.
Amen.
Blood Meridian too.
Up and ready for a powerful day/week of service in Lil Haiti Miami Florida.
imma make you my bitch.
So shut up shut up shut up
FortMyers, If you feel as though you are being mistreated at work, call the Law Office of Geralyn Noonan!
Psyched to have an iPod again
You guys never fail to put a smile on my face:
The most shocking thing about seeing what my federal clients make is correlating that w/what they wear to work.
Sweet potato

Happens every year ...
at least since 2010.
Breaking Entertainment News, RT: Merger of SAGAFTRA approved, AFTRA: 86 yes; SAG: 82 yes.
Proud to be a member of both SAG and AFTRA!
And you never wanna leave my side, as long as I don't break these promises.
Doug Collins on KG: We tried to put some strength on him.
...
We tried to take away his rhythm shots.
That's ok!
I'm here to chat about books anytime.
You have more dick in your personality than in your pants.
Whoever said wearing non prescription nerd glasses was cool LIED  they make you look like a fool stopit people
Where is hotel restaurant lunch buffet, please?
It's only 6:30am and doctorpbox has been pissing me off for over two hours now
Hoping to see my fellow Pittsburgh marketers at 's Digital Marketing Summit tomorrow evening with and
aye bro you ratchet
This nation is run by the citizens that are concerned enough to cast their vote.
First thunderstorm of the year
Oh no.
Keep going.
You look smarter by the second.
Slept practically all day  I'm still sleepy.
Oh gosh..
sounds good!
I'll be right over!
Lol :P
We will get them next game keep your heads up!
Youth Antiviolence town hall meeting tonight for parents.
Silver Spring Neighborhood Center 6pm.
Hello, Hypomania?
It's Me, Newt: politipsych.com/?p273
Yes I'm 15.
Yes I plan on getting a tattoo that says strength.
Don't judge me.
Pizza for breakfast was AWESOME!
fell down the steps last night and im in extreme amounts of pain : i wish i had a nice caring bf to help me..but no im single cause fml :
Stop screaming desperate and attention.You're not three.It's not cute.
Keep playing with me KEEP PLAYING.
How are either of these more confessional than their male corollaries?
That feels like a sexist category to begin with
I'm in the studio off the early.....
dnt 4get the show on the 24th.
Check ur events
if you can figure that one out you could make a lot of .
Then again nobody's done it for any form of advertising though.
true dat my dude
I'm just up watching Romeo and Juliet.
infinite possibilitiesRicky Williams has a very imaginative mind, he reminds me of Ricky Henderson.
Hi William.
Things are good.
Can't complain!
Come by the studio sometime!
Wasn't the feature nice?
Totally enjoyed the whole Cuisine Issue!
The Academy Awards deliver much more than Oscar statues to the celebrities that attend the event.
Thanks for letting me knowshould be fixed now.
My goal was to eat  doctornk everything by Sunday.
Now I may have to spread it out to next week.
thanks Jim!
We're really looking forward to some feedback!
I didn't notice lmao I just liked it soo now we have 2 matching charms :D
total package
I talked to Patti earlier.
Sorry you had such a bad day!
Tom will be better
Rx bandits tomorrow night at granada.
Have a feeling I will be alone.
Loving the new Pearl Jam  David Gray  looking forward to DG next month in Boston  NYC
Yeaahh i would be doing stupid sheet around this time lol
awwwe.
Great.
I was telling him I have family in Melbourne and I have to get down there sometime soon
corned beef an cabbage , and reuben sandwiches will be at Billys for the whole week .
we are doing st patty's day right !
Want to create change in your life?
then finish this sentence I Will...
and do it!
Join the movement at iwillmovement.blogspot.com
always good to see you!
Hopefully soon!
But pointed out the coincidence of you moving to the same city as Tim Tebow.
L A L A L A FRIDAY July 29 LiVe performances  Varsity Lounge 6311 Wilshire Blvd Los Angeles, CA 90048
I'm not gonna find out.
People going crazy over free cake and balloons.
Old guy was yelling at meat cutter.
I'm listening to Pretty Wings by MAXWELL
Thank you for the follow!
Behavioral economics in action, check out
Much closer to Harold and Maude or maybe you can find two more and be like Sex in the City
NOAA  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
Im at jumping the hurdles of lib tchers collaboration.
Where r u?
that wikipedia is almost always the first hit for learning about a math or stat concept is one of the internet's subtler cruelties
Congress is taking action to ensure the backcountry of Pennsylvania and Virginia are protected during the duration of the war.
Downtown, with an appalling number of overalls?
fratfit or halloweencostume?
allergies are especially bad today...
Austin cracked 90 degrees for the first time today...
Joy.
Rehearsal tomorrow!!
Super amped!!!!
You are very welcome :
nope.
Did we miss something?
Check out coverage of Tour de France on Versus Some of the best sports coverage you will ever see.

nombre girl that's not good at all  that's what happened to me too well I had to doctorp!
This semester we have to get on the
And that's no bueno!
:o
Tweet me if you decide to try , I'll try it with you
That thunder lasted 3040 seconds easily.
This is incredible.
It's Walker and the Fat Man live from Wisconsin...
LOSERS!!!
Dear stomach, you're bored, not hungry ...shut up.
Hey Muffins.
D Swan heads to Utah in a day or so, so if you wanna hang before then, shoot the Swan a message and let's hang.
make sure to follow our director, on twitter!
great new video!!!!
Ain't nothing sexier den a chick getting her cake up especially when she already got a mean shoe game
imma cubs fan, but i love you and dusty.
whats it like to play for him?
also, whats it like to arrive at the ballpark every day?
Many thanks to for the traveler professorle!
It looks great.
Oops!
Apologies.
seriously?!
MSI?!
Awesome.
Thanks for reading, !
Where you going aapl
Playing tomorrow night at the Texas All Star Big Band Bash in Fredericksburg, TX!
RT : prepare to be blown up, I hope you like cats.
HAHAHA!!!
Bring em on!
:P
u were great tonight and was great to meet u and get pics w/u i'll post them in a min wish i made it to the after party 3
I wish debates were really like this.
I have been working on this papeer for like 2 and a half hours and I've only managed to write 3 paragraphs.
well at least I'm half way done!
Up watching on A Day in the Life.
Dude is and has been a HUGE inspiration in my life and career thus far.
and im home....alone
Oh my.
What's that thing in the sky shining light and warmth on everything?
are you going to be an angel?
i view it as being precisely about misogyny rather than being misogynistic
They got money for the war but can't feed the poor
cheering on my Kentucky Wildcats today!!!
so flipping sick of this shit
I mean no, if ur reading this why aren't u at watching a show right now??
I keep reading about this greek yogurt I might have to have it for a bed time snacklol
ecology definition
Orioles going with 7:15 start
I don't feel old.
I don't feel anything till noon.
That's when it's time for my nap.
Bob Hope
Good luck!
Teaching RM to employees was one of my favorite things to do...also one of the scariest.
:
But not before I answer these 2148 emails.....le sigh
Greed, aversion, delusion.
I love big long black dicks in my mouth
Gonna be on Fox 13 news tomorrow mornin:
lol yeah I grew up in TX.
I live what these ny niglets want to be.
Lmfao.
Dear Parents, its time to realise that One Direction isn't just a band.
They're your future soninlaws, so start respecting them :
wow i feel like i haven't been on twitter in FOREVER!!!
meanwhile i was only gone from it 1 day haha
Next week, Improv class!!!
I did!
I recommended you to be in one of the magazines3
You can use the feedback link on the page to get the ball rolling.
But I'll email you.
Yay!
Passed last exam for EMC Velocity Systems Engineer.
Had to complete it by today.
Today's mostly cloudy, breezy w/ rain  snow showers and a high of 54F.
Love it!
Oh God, I am 44, and I must have aged beyond my years.
LOVED her stuff as a kid.
LOL I
well thank you :
Celebrating my 10 year anniversary with the love of my life, ;
Just started myself.
Lots of singing tonight, finally!
Spot trending now in Santa Monica, CA: The Coffee Bean  Tea Leaf  Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf
You must be taking the flavor train to flavor town.
rogue video?
i don't know anything about that.
and i definitely will not be putting it on youtube soon.
nope.
AT THE SAME DAMN TIME
I'm doing my own investigation into these supposed Thamel friends
in the lab with fare
Wow.
Just got the meanest letter from a smps member about my writing.
Point taken, I'm done contributing.
I look for them to loosen it up some this half.
: Brick thrower happened.
200 super edgy riot cops.
All I asked for was a medic and streamer or two.
thnx for replying, will definitely go thru the qtr.
Appreciate it.
Thanks for following i followed back :
Louisville can't survive on circus shots.
We offer top notch legal work at a reasonable rate.
Stand up for your rights!
Call us today for a free consultation  6193389500
Just condensed my email down from 793 to 50.
Next stop: my postspring training/opening homestand desk clutter.
I had a feeling the giants would win P
i cannot believe I am actually out of that van.
my best to all my thatcamproadtrip peeps.
Will we ever hear from DHZombie420 again?
I heard darkness comes before dawn.
I googled it and your picture came up
should have grabbed some lunch today!
Social Media is the new way to advertise your products and services so embrace it or jump out of the way!
At Cental Library we have every issue of JS, in print and microfilm.
Yes, you can make copies of film for 25cents each.
I voted Qis this a one time only vote, or once a day vote?
Dude, it's christmas!
Merry Christmas!
I can't wait to see my gift!
cougartown tonight, happyendings tomorrow, and my new favorite show community on thurs.
Life is good
not really sure what this means...
but OK!!!
;p

all the other boys.
They're all so...
Normal.
3
You're going to have so much fun!
RT : Yes from July onward RT Well you'll be in nyc right?
Oh my BOYFRIENDvideo was perfection : good job definitely a different side of you...
That I love 
trying to study...but designed personal business cards instead...
Oh that sucks...
I figured if the us will let me play anyplace could lol

I've been working on a few paintings for a couple shows I'm in during the summer, but will get back to doctorwing soon!

Just for the record, and I are not...
happy.
all new kardashian season tomorrow!
:
even tho the bounce back seeming like magic...
you need to have kids.
its the greatest thing in the world.
Shout out to my bro 3rd place in his race.
Lol what the fuck have y'all done so far today
This is random I didn't mean to start a tweet to you...well yeah...um bye love x
fridaylistens This Charming Man by Keyes  a fun read and I love the Irish setting
Missing grandson foundOK.
Thanks for the prayers.
I'm very happy with how my NIT bracket is shaping up.
That's a lot of barrels.
Nice find!
BraxtonFamilyValues oh boy they need a hair stylist and to let them wigs go!
FB which sister has the worse hair/wig?
Are you looking to buy/sell a home???
lol well I guess ur pocket no fun den ;
Just thought of something fuck lol I still havent been by the lab
returns from Denver Saturday,  we get to work rehearsing.
We'll be posting new dates this week in WA, OR, CA,  Europe!
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
HEY, he's my ride!
justsaying haha.
I love AP classes.
I wanna watch hunger games already 
how do you distinguish feelings from thoughts?
thanks for RTing!
How are you doing?
yes ryan is extremely good looking and got a great peronality too shame is is taken ;
Ultima IV probably inspired me more than anything else to become a programmer
Gotta keep my bible, why o why must I just keep on sinnin
Thanks!
And Me Too!:
AlexFollowMe : it would make my day!
My list of ingredients for success is divided into four basic groups: Inward, Outward, Upward and Onward.
Lori is a twat
Are you riding Reach the Beach on May 19?
What are you most looking forward to?
Wish I could come!
RT : At book signing at Barnes  Noble in Round Rock.
Come see us!!
you guys are winning but aren't being overpaid as much as others have been.
It could be a lot worse.
..with those Nike descriptions of the jerseys.
As DD said so rightly, the best advertising creates a nostalgic calamine..
She don't have all her crayons in a box.
Out of a pack of 24 she only has 4 and non of them are primary colors.
I feel the same way, even though I was upset we passed on quizz on doctorft day.
ATL should be a great fit for him though
hey wuts up!
;
About Me  Maxyphotologo
Easyour collections are awesome!
Also, back in October we were one of just a few institutions on
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Home  American
I feel like 'stereotypical New Orleans girl' tonight.
How many more students were there in 2011 than a decade before?
Aw she text me with a Goodmoring text howcute :
I agree
resolving some technical issues website.
please stand by.
All my friends always worrying bout boys and I say you dumb.
Live life say f them and do your own thing.
So much better.
Hope your flight was good and you're having fun!
see this, if he hasn't deleted it yet
Went outside for lunch to enjoy this gorgeous DC day and got empanadas for free at Farragut Square.
Winning!
When I grow up..
I wanna ride around in limos,I want to fill up the stadiums,I want 2 pound them in2 submission..I want to be a RockVillain!
Oh, forgot Mad Men is back tonight!
Unfortunately, there is no way I'll be able to stay up for it.
Thank goodness for the DVR.
Chances of me doing anything at work today are about hahahahahahahahahahaha.
The things I agree to do...I should have brought beer :
good morning
How is everyone on this lovely Friday?
Going to see any concerts this weekend?
Really confused but not
so, you are saying that it's awesome...
It's not a grammy but we can make U a trophy out of aluminum foil?
Get back to Wisconsin soon!
More roof top BBQ's!
Congrats!
When We Boldly Declare Our Rights, Demons And All Satanic Forces Must Flee!!!!!!
www.nickywooten.com
Okay, gotta admit, that Philip Phillips' cover of U Got It Bad was pretty damn sexy.
my morning is shot to hell!
Tunein app not working.
Can't blast your show in San Diego and lmao!
Next 2 days off work
Coupons via text
wecanttalk if u don't put out.
I have homies to talk too.
3.50 all milwaukee brewing co taps and great lakes distillery cocktails at locash tonight for the carpetbaggers/alcoholmanac party!
The opposite of courage in our society is not cowardice, it is conformity.
Rollo May
Theres a history between, guys like him  girls like me.
Cowboys  Angels.
So everybody know it...
RT : Laff you too 
dancin in Negril.
just listen like it.thanks for sharing.
Between saying and doing many a pair of shoes is worn out.
Italian Proverb
Headed back to the Nati for one of my favorite conferences  visit w family.
And Graeters ice cream.
Renton weather station doesn't have available records  the COOP station is missing info too!
Room  76 just freed up for tonight and tomorrow.
Call 773.276.
7110 to book!
Welcome to the good life!
MT : Grabbed my first growler of your beer this weekend
You already know what im doing .!
Ahyo
ha ha...just promoting man
This spring I am committed to throwing away any underwear that predate my 9th grade perm  starting today with my order
Stop by today at 4pm and see Steve James, director of The Interrupters, speak !
RSVP here: on.fb.me/zdHJHj
Long story short we ended up with 5 candles, cologne and Christmas decorations.
nicki minaj fan base is ridiculous on some justin bieber shyt the uk called her licki minaj and that shyt trending smh wow lol
Thanks for posting!
IfItWasUpToMe weed would be legalized right now
Hey jacked magician...
Please practice your bowling pin juggling somewhere other than the only available raquetball court.
We'd like to play
thanks for RT, Justin!
That arena was rockin, eh?
GO WINGS!
Looking forward to watching do his thing tonight at Show your Roots Comedy Show at St Marks Theatre.at 10:30pm!
Representing on my new fancy internets phone
A show of your choice...check our FB page for more info!
Awkward scene .
.
.
You can't escape judgement.
moneys tight : but i should be starting this again in a few years : xoxoxo i love you emileee
pursue on purpose  I like it.
Will have to steal that one from you!
What's with the butterflies today?
I hit a million of them doctorving home.
Why don't they just fly over the top of my car?
There not smart
QFT : The best part about being in advertising now is that we can truly prove what we do, works.
Chris Weil transformLA
LOLnope.
I know nothing about that at all.
I've heard the buzz, of course, but that type of lit doesn't interest me.
RT : Get WET  Bourbon Street TONIGHT!
Fashion Show presented by MANKIND
: That's home run No.
10 for , Athletics and Rangers tied 44 in the 7th.
Burn the corsets!
No, nor do you save the whalebones.
You will never need whalebones again.
Elizabeth Phelps, 1873, in What to Wear
I love ALL my followers , because I know they're beliebers like I am 
Right, if I did that?
Only 5 miles this AM
Tio.
Are you using this or not?
How do you spell Montreal?
COLD.
Off to school .
Today til 8pm  4x6 flyer design  only 65!!
order at MWWDesigns.com  mention this post!
There was 8 million collective action to stop SOPA just yesterday on Wikipedia alone!
Just got the new emoji
I noticed u wear the same shirt in every Believe show.
In fact u wore it when i went in March 2010.
Is it lucky or something?Bri
Hi how you bee!
I watch your family's show and you all are hilarious!
Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain
You faggots are so indirect w/ each other, SHUT UP AND DATE ALREADY!
Fuck yall irritate me w/ ur constant tweeting
ok just call me.!
Mitt Romney go away with your rich self!
Hi can someone tweet me because in bored and i dont know what to do:
It's too bad that everyone who has a solution for everything is at home commenting on the internet.
Are you listening to folks talk about Lena or watching the American Masters movie?
Tweet and tell us your thoughts.
I'm the luckiest bibliographer in the world.
I've been in the lab cooking like Walter F'ing White.
haha.
i'll see what i can do.
do you remember ricktalifeonahorse.com though?
Me?
Oh nothing, just watching The Room, THE WORST/MOST AWESOME MOVIE EVER MADE.
C'mon , we need a bluray of this!
sneezing and doctorving.
now, that shit should be illegal!
NSNRT has externships for vet students and continuing ed opps for practing vets to share s/n techniques and tips.
you wish you could quit me.
words from a wise one:
love the YouTube vids fellas..
Join Glen Hunt on May 9th  1:00 at booth 5672 to discuss Mobile backhaul and the mobile packet core.
As a longtime reader/follower/fan of SS's, I'm glad he chimed in.
A weak man is just by accident.
A strong but nonviolent man is unjust by accident.
Twitter site tells me all.
It's my favorite twitter client.
Oh NO.
will win the 2/3 falls match.And be come 2time World Champ.
Well Deserved!
RT : US radio update on Breathing WE ARE 1 MOST ADDED  Top 40!
Thx 2 all the stations that picked it up!
Thanks for the follow!!!
I haven't texted anyone in like 3 days whydoihavesomanyfriends?
hahahahaha no :P
Feels like an O'Malley/Cuomo/Biden race from here.
MT : Who is going to be the 2016 Democratic nominee?
cc:
Hey!
You should check out !
www.myspace.com/goodluckjane then let me kow what you think!
Thanks!:
Whats Good, Where u Watching the game tonight
If you're mom ever heals you by saying, sana sana colita de rana, you're definetly a Mexican
Perhaps not strictly for personal but for career/professorssional visibility  yes
Hey it doesn't seem like you use this account.
We would love to get it from you...
To the No.
1 Overall Pick in the 2012NFLdoctorft, Andoctorw Luck, WELCOME HOME!
Congratulations!
We are sure you will make Colts fans proud!
they wouldn't pass it so fast.
It'd take awhile.
No lights, nuff said
haha.
party in milwaukee!!
I gotta try those.
your niece.
Ugh me.
LOL
RT : Still confused about what went wrong.
Thought Diet Coke and Mentos was foolproof.
All these 1D tweets keep getting RT on my TL....
pulls out gun time to kill some bitches :
Thanks for all the great memories Kirk.
Will enjoy seeing u play on sundays!
is putting makeup on her FOUR YEAR OLDS!!!!!
WTF?!
She is such a CF.
Recreation Notes
well we have no choice, shop : lol
Life is not meant to be lived waiting, life is meant to be lived Living.
Think I'm staying clear of all the BlackFriday crowds today, they can get brutal
Stressing about the college process?
Come to TeenLifeLIVE NYC and sponsor will help you out!
shea is giving halvo the stink eye
Same here.
I'm more concerned about the Rays series after.
i wonder if my friends find me annoying
Jurors find rapper Torence Lil Boosie Hatch not guilty of firstdegree murder in man's death.
Looking forward to meeting you!
Opportunity knocks for every man, but you have to give a woman a ring.
by the way, I know your real age....
Gosh tomorrow is going to be soo fun!
Cant wait:
STOKED!
Getting my tax return money tomorrow!
very true!
HAPPY BIRTH DAY!!!!!!
You black and you made it another year.....
Fall Conference today!Very excited about featured speaker Steve Walfish on Business of Practice  APA Public Relation's doing Media Training
Let's go Heels!!!
is super fucking awesome, though I've never talked to him before.
He seems like a bad ass person to know..
That is all :
Greetings from New Orleans, and thanks for the follow.
Your mag looks supercool!
Csaba
Designing Omnidirectional Bifilar Helix Antenna for Circular ...
We walk in den we turnup......
Yeah...
the do something productive before doing some useless' rule is one to which I need to follow more faithfully...
don't forget to suck a random dude's cock
Like he calls gauges gators.
It's so cute!!
Shifman: Hundoctords of 1000s of kids, mostly girls, are being prostituted every day in U.S.
Daam baby tone it down on the snoring lol u wurked hard as fuk huh??
Yes!
Particularly lately for some reason.
hahahaha....
definitely.
google searches for it probably went through the roof during that episode.
Elite Fashion Academy LA is getting ready to welcome new students to the academy!
you are crazyy, lady
A master can tell you what he expects of you.
A teacher awakens your own expectations.
Patricia Neal.
Church, preach.
3 weeks in the hospital not fun
Eating toast and cereal trying to not mess up my lip gloss..
Thanks for spoiling the season finale of Bones for me Mom.
It was a great TRX class at Sierra Fitness tonight!
is it true?
is reporting that MCA died?
As someone turning 40 this year I hate you...
Are we related?
In Spirit maybe?
Just entered to win tickets to Kraftwerk at !
Don't miss out on seeing country singer tonight, 7p at Newport!
RT : Spandex should not be sold in plus sizes.
I'm spotting lots of baby cucumbers, eggplants and tomatos...summer should be tasty at !!
Are you suggesting we just let him die then?
Christians should be on the leading of of human rights issues.
I so want to do a story on that!
LOL.
Camarillo , California!
We are performing tonight at Rock City Studios!
Doors at 6!
Marry for money, my little sonny, a rich mans joke is always funny.
hiphoped just heard an argument that failed responsibility could not lie 100 on teachers
are siginificant others and doctorpalgangers welcome tonight at Fairfield Halls?
dont doctorp your blackberry in the bathtub
Is Courtney on Twitter?
laying in bed.
Wanna text?
From now on, when the Red Sox come to town, they'll have to get doctorssed in Parking Lot A.
They've lost locker room privileges.
Duke Realty Reports In Line
So start a new job officially on friday, wonder if That means I will have a new mic in two weeks 3
WE LOVE YOU, Please notice me?
Please don't change, ever.
:'
Nothing is better then a night on the town in Vegas !
Already misses The Bee and my amazing cast.
I will miss being Olive, I so loved her.
So bittersweet.
But so proud of the work!
That is SWEET!
Love it.
Hey, late happy birthday, by the way.
Kicking off our VIPSpring12 Networking Event with some opening remarks from Clare Leinweber  Chris Laing
Truth finds no asylum.
German Proverb
its when you put off doing things till the last minute.
There are good yarn shops in ABQ!
Follow us on Twitter
u should luv all of them
It no longer makes sense to be second in her life when you're good enough to be first in mine.
Know what you're worth.
thanks girl!!
I'm obsessed with cupcakes seriously...
Still love Rum Runners
Printers Ball was tremendous last night!
We had a ton of fun, we hope y'all enjoyed the zines!
Mad thanks to the organizers, you're heroes!
First you take a Jumbo jack then you take two tacos, whaddya get ...
a serious earworm, Oh Man!
Penalties like this make me believe professorssional games are fixed.
This don't be an alcoholic talk every Friday is gettin old fastt 
I knew a girl that majored in business  psychology in college.
For 100 she'd blow your mind.
Bout to talk the dog on a nature stroll through Fairmount Park...its a beautiful day!
had a fantastic session with yesterday, a great trainer.
To steal one of her phrases...
Go brain go!
Thanks a ton for the RT
:D where are you from?
Boxing has become America's tragic theater.
Joyce Carol Oates
another Toyota recall?
Seriously??
has the answer for you!
See my husband, Davian Robinson, and tell him I sent you ;
So sad to see this happen to MO I wish him a speedy return.
Guys I have some really bad news.
I'll anounce at 10:30
hahahaha  me!
Ok i got it.
I so thought u meant u cooked em to clear ur sinuses.
If you would create something, you must be something.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I think I had that same expression every time we scored a goal in FIFA.
Make sure to tweet!
We want to know how you're solving the mission!
hi jasmine!
:
150 cupcakes baked, frosted and decorated...going to bed...
Have an amazing day !
My baby's coming over today 
Tomorrow is an extra special TWOSday!
Two for one piercings on the same person...OR TWO separate piercings on TWO different people!
YEAH SON
This!
RT : better treat her nice tomorrow Matt.
Make up for ruining my day!
Ohh yess I tumbl like a champion.
SO.
EXCITED.
FOR.
COUG.
WEEKEND.
Sammers  I might go skydiving Friday morning lol
Good morning family!
Today the Father's decree for you is to walk out destiny and execute purpose!
Praying for you all!
I thought you weren't gonna tweet anymore
I'm not on staff, but I vote Chewwy....being that we're both big, brown and hairy
being in my 90's i play marbles daily still
this is 13.
Pitt ENS: A bomb threat has been received for Thackeray Hall.
The building is being evacuated.
i am following him now i tried a 2nd time u gomer
Best thing all day.
My fucking toe nail is falling off.
LMFAO.
It's hard to be mad at Monday when the weather is like this.
Especially towards the end of the day.
Millions of thanks to everyone for a beautiful birthday.
You all mean the world to me.
3
I was thinking about having some QR Codes up at the exhibition.
Mistake?
damn, hate depending or waiting on people.
This is 2 days in a row my buddy forgot the disc I need 
You know you have a good relationship with a photographer when he already knows where you want to eat.
R Howard, Torii Hunter, and Prince Fielder
we partied too hard fml
Style is the image of character.
Edward Gibbon
my friday: a.m.
swim, lobster rolls, hilar runin w/jill zarin's mom, doctornks hotel, steinbecks house, sunset beach
remarkably i was just about to tweet pedagogy of hope to you!
alignment.
perfect.
I would like to thank in Mobile, AL for 1 being a great station for many years and thanks for supporting The
The Boy With The Weenie Dog Tattoo
For as much as I loved the season by Lions Matthew Stafford, I think 49ers QB Alex Smith deserved the AP's comeback player of the yr award
If I were a career zombie, I think my life would be fulfilling.
about to have an expensive burger at Bru.
Good beer selection if I was imbibing.
Looking forward to spending my Gift catd!
Big fan!
Love a follow!
friday........happy friday
Somewhere over Pennsylvania on the way to NYC to find new looks for with
send me a brief bio for the intro letter, plz.
two followers for 1340  HELP
At a speed reading class.
If I read more quickly, then I will have more time to play with my four kitties.
RT And of course the punch line: will he bring a horse on top of his car?
I should what?
xD
I've got a few more grandparents alive, but they're getting older and I want them to live forever...
sort of.
dad runs to the store to buy gun lmao
Several My Sweet Fall shows coming up, also be on the look out for some merch and new tunes soon!
Somebody???
Hello??
Talk to me??
Fantastic!
RT : the project really deserves a nace award IMO
well, T is usually standing room only, so maybe we'll get overflow 
There isn't even anybody here!!!
What on Earth is going on in Midtown that is causing this?
you guys are all awesome and then there's me..
lol
it would seem so ;
Danze  Davis Architects website to launch this weekend, we're getting pretty excited!
stitcher radio is a great app.
says LPC is committed to having an open, dynamic, and transparent leadership contest.
I am getting a bit worried about the back line with the fouls and unbalanced play minus Seth
saw u on today, nice pic of u gettin loose against UL in the background!
well grouchy, what time are you picking me up in the morning?
Thanks to all who came to celebrate our 1st year!
And thanks to all our fans and followers  keep reading!
thank u!!33
honestly hating my life
I lurveee you!!
you are awesome!
; just saying lol.
:D follow?
xx
interview on in 5 min.
Tune in!
Creating the GuestList for our Miami Launch...are you on it?
I'm sure.
Highly recommend who rocked it for the HDS social media ambassadors club today!
Many thanks Jay!
Whoa, I actually had completely forgotten your complex backstory!
That's awesome
I'm blessed to coach our 4 seniors one last time tonight at 7:30 at Lebanon High School in the IN Elite North/South All Star game.
I'm seriously considering the Chicago Marathon after last week.
Buying new shoes tomorrow!
I just finished teaching a class tonight on story and character development at Leasure Learning Unlimited.
Great time at Cal Poly Pomona earlier today!
Genghis Cohen on Thursday!
haha.
Purdue Calumet, extreme Northwest, right on the IN/IL boarder.
I'll see you in about 14 min
If that's the case then yes, tricks it is.
I'll practice new ones for more entertainment.
Aww : RT : Happy mothers day all.
I love you mum lt;3
About to embark on this 6 hour doctorve to fresno, ca
Happy Birthday Kyle!
Could not read chrome manifest file 'C:Program FilesMozilla Firefoxextensions972ce4c67e084474a2853208198ce6fdchrome.manifest'
where is mine?
Playing some sc2 to clear my mind.
One of my cousins has cute friends  me likey
Yo bro what's up whould u be able to do a interview for my YouTube series In Focus With MJR I am a huge eagles fan
RT if you are excited to see us at Jonny Craig's comeback show!
QotD: Can I have black peppers?
'you mean olives?' Yeah, those.
Johnathan Buell
Google Penguin Update: 5 Types of Link Issues Harming Some Affected Websites
Laziness is passableto a certain point.
Idk if all my FF's went through,
Go Weezer!
They rock my socks off!
lol
Thank you!!
Again, I'm sure you meant when we do anything awesome!
We have in the studio tomorrow, come on by ;
Great!
Saw you on my tl so I felt compelled to say hello...
Enjoy your holiday, it's been a crazy year for you.
M..
Hungry for breakfast tacos already!
Pick up some up on your way to work in the am from The Screaming Goat and be the office hero!
Doing the mall model thing again!
Stokedmuch :
Just caught Elephant Room last night!
Wildly entertaining.
Definitely my kind o' weird.
I wouldn't want it any other way, then with you by my side ,
MyNextRelationship will result in marriage..not settling for less...No Rush though.
Ah, I just got the new twitter!
WhoToldYou everytime girls are not in the mood, they are on PMS?
Dear You, Don't worry.
Your grind and my grind aren't the same.
You can like me...we aren't comp.
Trust.
RT : , , , hosting Neighborhood Beat, a free basic CPR and AED training on Janu...
That was an incomplete post.
I accidentally hit publish and then took it down.
The full post will be up sometime soon.
Yay Caps.
Great goal, I think, because Comcast decided to cut out in the middle of that power play.
Oh look...there's a Criminal Minds rerun on AE!
Just finished The Divine Commodity by after hearing him speak a month ago at qportland.
Highly recommend!
are going to take it to the Yankees tonight justinverlander is just too much,
Jesus turned water into 5 Hour Energy, but it was edited in the bible because he got an alcohol endorsement
Frank Ocean is just a sappy ass nigga to me now ...
Emily is a crazy bitch!
hey ;o3
Pancakes are really just an excuse to get as much butter and syrup into my mouth as possible.
We booked the venue and date for our launch of Samples of Delirium.
Stay tuned for more information in the following days.
Its gonna be
i think they had a fire alarm during exams last semester too.
bad luck indeed.
Cross Fertilization: AltDotNetMKE  full time Senior Developer position for a small Milwaukee company for details
Niggas try to be so slick...
i'm about to go take my first test in Speech class.
i hope it's as easy as the professorssor says!
LT feels weird being home
Excellent.
Thank you.
Please check out pureobliteration.com join the conversation,...
let me know what you think
Not yet, but I'd like to.
Have you any recommendations?
Where did you go, to the actual audition addoctorss?
doooooohhhhhh..........
whyguapo?
I wonder when we'll get a SOTU rebuttal from the sentient robot party.
Turn up the music.
Low water crossings, school closures, delays, swift water rescues and powers outages.
We have you covered with storm updates all morning.
In college, called crimestoppers to try to be in the reinactments on the news.They didn't need 20 yr old caucasians.
Did a little night training.
I'm going to lull myself to sleep listening to the
it really doesn't make sense to me...
yeah it stunk but I'm going back one day !
Yes, we have a new Chipotle sauce.
DM me your addoctorss and I'll send you a sample.
: Pussys on the pavement Superbad!!!!!
:D
Ok last one because I have to go to Yuri's flute concert

Hope it don't rain
Thank you!
It is my ultimate favorite picture of him!!
:D How was your day?
:
except your calves : Hey they eat Ham, we train H.A.M.
happyeaster
yes.
Do it
Levon Helm, doctormmer and singer for The Band, has died at age 71  Time to throw in The Last Waltz, right ?
love your wall!!
how great is the sum of them!
God' thinking of you and wants to bless you as many as the stars you can count in the sky!
The key is to obey!
Energy Expo just ended at Two Rivers Conv.
Center in Discover the emerging technology I learned about on News  5:30
Congrats to for a great game!
Keep 'em coming!
Great beers  more doctornk options tonight as part of our deal.
3 for 12 buy in advance no sales at the door!
.com
You have Jake for that ; sorry Ally, blowin' up yo twittah d;
Thanks for the RT, Jeremy!
1st love and only love...
We support it fully and we Retweeted it.
Did we tell you about our new program  Social Starts?
me me me to!
RT heading to Nashville this Wednesday to record 3 new songs and shoot another music video!
so excited !!!!
:D
High school English and K12 ESL.
You're welcome.
Cheers.
i would be honored to escort you to glow in the dark mini golf, lmao
You keep me away from the tv for a day and this is what happens...Wow unbelievable upsets
hey I'm a fan
Ohmygod.
Why are you guys in the same toilet?
That's SO weird.
But I still love you.
Hahahah.
Belly shirt and shorts in school?
Slut.
Like outside of school, fine.
But not in school.
I figured not but you get the point...
Fuck you bitch
Who's moving?
RT : I had more personal/intimate and engaging conversations with Flash devs at than any other conference.
I like that
Make BFF's with them why don't cha!
Haha
I wish there were more coffee / beer / wine cafes.
The anchorauditions continue on News.
Next up...
!!!
musetech experts: what are some examples of the best online museum exhibits?
Thanks!
Oh that tricky JayPa!
are things going well with the paywall?
If you're westbound on 635 it may be more convenient to simply move to wherever your car is currently stopped.
thank you
has been invited to the semifinals for the Bucharest International Jazz Competition in Romania with Jon Massey, Jon Ludwig, and Juan Montoya
why cant a fine girl keep a man?
poor KimKardashian!
money, good looks  a big ole booty do not guarantee success!
AH MY BIRTHDAY IS TOMORROW!
:D
bummer ...
couldn't get the coupon to print :
I love it when guys are open about things
what is up twitter?
I'm going to tweet 4 of my AMAZINGG followers today, just to see how you are all doing and to send some love 3
What does the aardvark call his dog?Aardbark!
Coming from the 2SocialMediaConsultantInTheUS, your compliment about our social media means a lot, thanks!
There's a point in life when you get tired of chasing everyone and trying to fix everything.
Today my BodyBugg confirmed what I already knew but needed to see the numbers.
Running gives you the best calorie burn per minute.
Period.
I'm starving!
Stay out of this, Mondovi Mark!
You're right, I'm so windowstarded appwise it's not even funny.
thevoice good promo spot!
I need a snickers now ....
If it came down to Batum or Wallace for Nash, who'd u pick?
im saying can u jus mention me lololol
We Got 2 New CoOwners !
Expect More Tweets ; Ally
Ugh, I hate mondays.
It was so good!
I want to watch more of the Cohen Brothers stuff.
its not that late pretty face
I think ima stp going out fridays cz,i hate waiting all day for my baby on saturdays...
Booklist praises The Bolero of Andi Rowe: Plummers...poignant stories bring alive one multicultural family yet speak universally.
doctormmerfest at Cascio.....great turnout for some great artists.
Renew materials by phone?
24/7?
Yes, you can!
Renew your items by phone, check your account, holds  much more!
Call anytime: 17152617209
Go follow him!
:D i'm to happy.
That pinky promise made my entire night.
:
says it might rain tomorrow.
But that's alright  we have a roof over our heads : So stop by  shop around.
Can you plz plz plz do a concert here in San Antonio i cant really go out of town lol plz mention it to : 3
I swear every time I walk past one of these space appliances in my house, it beeps at me.
Bears need David Decastro from Stanford top lineman in the doctorft!
I just got to work 2 hours ago and I already feel like Punchin people in the face .
MarkC Morning..the time is 6.30 I have red eyes !
So tired Ezell.
won't have to!
They just doctorpped him.
Thanks Netflix!
Do you need hairspray that keep you looking good all day?
Herbal Essences Body Envy Volumizing Hairspray is for YOU!!
go get 'em 37.....
your turn for the big pick off Matt Ryan!
what is the call in  tonight ?
Love to ask about selling Hercules' rights to someone for allocation 
Haha im so pumped!
Man every where you go I run in to people on probation
It's the weekend, lets do opposite of other cities and go from a big city to a small city to party.
Madison, bitches.
Highlight of the night.
How are you so good?
you guys are going to gradbash today?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Hola Hooliganita!
Beautiful pics.
Thank you for following me 
Ugh.
I can't fight with this anymore.
I'll need a nap today.
Did fall asleep again though.
15 minutes before the alarm went off.
Follow my tweets!
is a Sexy account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
Not defending Vilma, but to find through Sportscenter...
so wrong!
smh
The Feeling you get when you get a new pair of shoes aow
The truth is...
I really don't care about how you fucked your life up, don't come to me with that bull shit
send some of your work
Although I will miss our Cold Brew Iced Coffee when it's gone, I am so looking forward to fall and the yummy things associated with it!
Action Central !
Happy mothers day to all the mamas out there :
good for you
most beautiful sound in the world...
Besides an A10 warthog blazing it's 30mm cannon
Slight computer issue yesterday...end result: upgraded to Windows 7.
Needless to say I'm stumbling around a bit this morning!
ill follow yo uonce i know for sure who you are
News Assignment Meeting today at 5 pm.
in office!
First menu planning meeting today for kettlehill and I woke up thinking about venison
second trip to Richmond, second time my luggage doesn't arrive.
Seriously?
If youre a chain restaurant DO NOT FORCE ONLINE ORDERS THROUGH A 3RD PARTY APP THAT NEEDS SILVERLIGHT TO RUN
My pleasure!
I am working with , she recommended you :
She will do her best to screw up the recall in Waukesha county.
She SHOULD BE IN JAIL FOR SURE!
Deeze ratchet ass kids
nice shirt on your default, Bitch .t
Now that the Packers schedule is out, I can finally work on my weekends home this fall ; time it also for broncos away weekends ?
Is amazed how great Chicago public transportation is and continues to become better.
Omg.
On this young bus 2 the gig and somebody on here smell like a bag of must.
Like he packed shit in his lunchbox...
Fuck me good fuck me long fuck me numb .
halloween is tomorrow not really excited but whatever..
.
Ignore the last.
IND wins common game record with a win and Jax loss.
At the point where no amount of makeup or coffee can cover my exhaustion...
Trafuck.
I405 south..
Just want to be home.
Forgot how funny rio was
But you played great throughout the weekend.
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW they follow back!!!
ref was aware he dove, just called cooke to make up for malkin one earlier.
I've always liked it!
Don't wanna go 2 school !!
Tired Where AreYouSummer !?!?
10.95 per domain name divided by 365 days  3 cents a day
ashbrook ok lets cut to the chase: society or media doctorving in
We provide toiletries, bathing suits,  more 4 kids living in poverty who want to go to camp.
is there a copy of the guidelines somewhere?
I remember when Three's Company ended, I nearly sobbed out loud.
good luck gf!
All I want to do is read about vampires, not the relationship between high visibility companies and company morale.
Tonight I play the role of Glory in Oberon Theatre's reading of Home Fires Burning by Chris Ceraso.
Free at The Lamb's Club, 3 W 51st, NYC.
I'M NOT READY FOR THE HANDSHAKE WITH DEATH
Wait, there's a doctornkingsig shirt?!
I want one!
mlanet12 cc:
Being very busy feels good.
THEY'RE LIKE 10 MINUTES AWAY FROM ME SHUT YOUR MOUTH
The Thieving Fish is the name of our next band.
If I text you, its not because I wanted my day ruined.
YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe People who don't practice what they preach!
Of course Olsen wouldn't care about the schools in his district.
There aren't any good talking points about those.
I feel like ima regret the choice I just made but oh well
For me, flowers represent natural beauty, purity, and love.
What do they represent to YOU?
Heat are too good, not looking forward to playing them next round
please follow me it would make my day 3
as always great show!
Love all the new Spanish stuff!
Can't wait for the album!
Happy thanksgiving :
Toledo , Ohio!
We are performing tonight at Frankies!
Doors at 5!
Enemies: Today is the day to challenge me to anything because I am not putting forth much effort and I will fail.
Love, Steve
Only 24 hours left!
Check it out and get in on the action!
www.PortlandBoatTours.com
Today's gon be a good day!
lmfao...tell him he better go watch nickeloden or something
What's the occasion for the bouncy house?
How late will it be there?
omg i just spoke to her :'
I'm developing a stutter.
Sweet Jesus 
YES!!!
I been waiting all my life for this!!!!!
Gasol has got to go!!!!!
Pre launch of website tomorrow at Florida Society of Plastic Surgeons meeting in Orlando February 1114, 2010.
ha you better not even have to ask that question
We're thrilled to announce the opening of a new store in Omaha's Old Market!
The addoctorss is 1118 Howard St!
Watch for Grand opening info!
at databq aerotropolis it's all about the network which is why the city of Portland subsidizes a flight to Tokyo
RT : 'Heart is on the floor....
Why don't you step on it?
i dont have one of those here.
i need one.
The male Elizabeth still looks like Elizabeth
Lmfao I'm so lame
that's awesome.
Alright, upgrade 2 might come sooner than I thought lol
Just found my dad playing on the scooter again..
Definitely a

WE LOVE ZENDAYA AND BELLA 
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing quality homes throughout San Antonio.
i had fun doe .
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW
Check out exclusive photographs from the past couple weeks...
Ntertania Nights!
wow.
Thankfully we've been lucky in that department.
My daughter is coming to Manhattan, NY next week.
Any recommendations for inexpensive, good food restaurants?
Thanks.
katelyn is now his hills to his Beverly
it has been a long time but every things good.
I miss you guys though
Colt Cabana vs.
Nathan Arnold Charging.
Or trying on all of your jeans u havent worn since winter  strugglimg to get them on 
Enjoyable  productive City Club of Buckhead brd mtg this morning...executive coaching the rest of the day.
Music videos, 2K, Fresh Prince season 2 in its entirety, and writing?
Life of a bum
thanks for your leadership and suggestions.
Your hopeful witness was very inspiring.
YOU ARE doctorAMING AS EDGAR RICE BURROUGHS!!!!!
!!!!!!!!
RT You are such a rapist, he's like 9.
RT : I'll cheer Princeton up :
For more video news visit www.tncnews.com
I wish I could stay on my bed and sleep all day 3
Thanks so much!
Thanks for coming out.
Jordan does.
Jordanbrooke9 I believe.
Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder and Botox always helps.
:
i need plans.
how dare you forget.
How dare you...
Somehow that doesn't surprise me, but what a crock of shit all the same.
Nobody believes the official spokesman, but everybody trusts an unidentified source.
Ron Nesen
mhm, you wana just do it after school.
Don't matter where.
But i needa talk to you before i mention anything to them.
Tami is a bully!!!
I can't believe she's acting like this..
But then again I can't believe I'm watching this either..
Lol
For those that aren't aware, is not coming to Idaho.
Apperently they want to suckpiss people off this year.
Thanks kevin lyman.
why is this room always so damn cold when i wake up
Question as old as time itself...Is it chaser or tracer????
Love is a stupid thing.
Give your all to someone and get your heart ripped out.
Every single fucking time.
who do you like more?
I was wondering about that...
'Tis Thursday ain't it?
Shit if i'm not doin' anything by then i'm down
That's ridiculous, you better take a nap soon!
Last night  me: hey dad are you gonna eat in the kitchen?
My Dad: nah i wanna watch the Pauly D Project
I've never read Fan Fic so IDK what it's all about.
Sumbody turn on the AC!!
Re: Museums being everywhere.
How to know what will last?
Worth it to go there, spend time in dev and then ditch?
Well, here I am.
I keep hearing all kinds of neat things about Twitter, so here I am, finally!
Diablo3 is out at 3am, my time.
If you don't want to read superfluous video game tweets, unfollow me now.
You've been warned.
wha u know about mall cops???
netflix it up...
remember who put u on!
lol RT I dislike cops but lovee cop shows...the irony
MBA Applicants, reply 1st to the upcoming trivia question  you could in a School Guide to Berkeley Haas!
Oh, goodness.
Who does think she is?...Yosemite Sam?
Thanks for makin' me laugh, girl.
Miss all of you!
Your welcome :
why are you stunning.
IT MAKES LIFE SO HARD TO KNOW THAT YOU ARE ACROSS THE WORLD
great meeting you today at cdmd12 thanks for the ribbons!
RT : For fulfilling relationships, seek harmony, not control.
what about everyone else?!
i see how it is
FOLLOW THE KID SO I CAN FOLLOW U BACK!
She ratchet!
Happy birthday to  Quiana!
Have a good one!
Sometimes I stumble on ideas and I wish they had been mine...
today I discovered Jumping In Art Museums: Well done.
Well.
Done.
Thanks!
Always great to hear from RIF Alum.
hi princessall
Mm I have to google that RT : sorry Leno you still hold the record for worst whcd
are you home?
Im too pissed
Timing is everything.
The fact Justin had a beer before doesn't bother me.
I'm so used to it because The Wanted are big partiers.
Louisville ...great city!
Two more days until CATCHING JORDAN by !
Check out my blog for some fun CJ stuff!!
Chicken overtakes pepperoni as most popular pizza topping on restaurant menus
i would if i werent already  im sorry
we'll be waiting for you!
let us know when you're ready to buy.
midday chats with my dad are my favorite
Appreciation.
Nice SHARED vibrations.
No exact words for it.
But thank YOU!
Wow, this just in, Michael Francis leaving UNF for USF!
No!
NYTims Trayvon story specific intent zimmerrman left his Car w/a loaded weapon and used it to kill; his intent was
Be careful how you word it, if you haven't actually heard it...
don't be so fast to believe, if you didn't actually see...
quote me
I finished shooting for astorgos.
I had so much fun.
I can't wait for everyone to see it
you won't Wing tho lol RT : I feel like  someone .
There are 14 million college students in the US, if ALL of them received stafford loans the int.
rate hike would raise 14billion 

what's up bruh.
When you get a chance call me.
I don't want to fail.
:
EJ manuel, sir, you are fun to watch
Great, thank you for the reply.
Feel free to email me at to start a conversation or send me your email/ph
Maybe clean shaven with a dirty wrinkled lucky suit?!
lemme get a shout out for Jack Howkins, that boy turned 6!
Just found the long lost videos of me and cross country adventure lmao
An author values a compliment even when it comes from a source of doubtful competency.
Mark Twain, who died on this day in 1910.
Being Involved blows...
Got 9/11 on your mind?
Then don't forget to check out the CHNM 9/11 Digital Archive
Yes..And...Who is Santorum?
He's for the Blue team right?
Wilkinson: Went with a publisher after selfpublishing because, well, What did I have to lose?
Ironic reversal that.
Thanks to the Pike Prep Academy students  especially mister Stout  Principal Dobbs  for the warm yVote!
welcome.
Enjoyed our visit today.
SomewhereInMilwaukee a Nigga is Ironing some Hard Stiff Creases in his Levi Jeans..
sounds like a rain check timeout is in order.
Feel better Rodney!
Add your favorite indie bookstore to bkstoreluv and will add it to the list Best Indie Bookstores on Twitter!
That makes me happy to hear!!
:
Get wide awake peepers by concentrating your mascara just above the pupils and the outer corners of your eyes!
8
Happy 13th Birthday to my sister Erika :
thanks babe :
Oh so now is competing?
ee arre puts sleeve up
haven't heard back on lcd panel fail on 2.6 y.o.
tv.
trans no.
3000619548.
Was due response on Friday.
hey , i just ment you , this is crazy , but here's my number Call me Maybe :
Watching The Shining.
MNL will be closed on Sat and reopen on Sun 1 pm 11 pm.
Take a day off and enjoy your Spring Break!!
Ah...Saturday night...how are you?
I try not to get my hopes up too much that way it won't be too much of a let down when it doesn't happen...
I'm use to it by now :/
the problem for us is this case.
If our transaction was with you, we can't invent an invoice for someone else.
When was the time when history could be captainred?
haha u remember when u made Alex's toenail Bleed!!
Simply amazing
I miss you more:
pretty cool, hunh?
thanks!
Client testimonials  case studies are great sources for Social Media videos to post on Youtube, facebook, dailymotion, flickr  pthers.
God is Good remember Christmas is not about what u get its about Jesus Christ!!
Overslept.
Looks like ima take a day off from school.
Walked into my band gig tonight and the DJ started the party with Kenny G...sigh
Beyond annoyed .
Please honor Mothers everywhere.
I agree w/ you make me giggle :
Thank you to everyone who applied to the focus groups!!
If you didn't get a call don't be discouraged...
just keep trying
At the point where whatever can apply to everything.
I wonder how long I can keep this 4am wakeup time?
Tip off the day: if you are in pain then try painkillers.
If you are not in pain then try not painkillers.
If you want to get your car looking its absolute best, then you should consider auto plastic headlight restoration along with a full detail.
At tball game in Fresno.
Not sure any of these kids want to really be here.
Brings back memories of my own parents forcing me to play.
Oh yeah, I forgot, you're the only person I know who says that.
thank you for the reality check.
why didnt you tell me you had a tumblr?!
omg
Need Promotional Models for Events  Performances text or call 678.835.7625 for detail.
Watching the Bachelorette, and I am SO jealous!!!!!!
the zoo and the childoctorns museum this week?
Why you so lucky?!
Awakening from my allergic, sinus clogged stupor to some really interesting news.
Among them, Prop 8 in CA is overturned!
Yay!!!
Guess I'll go to the gym since sleep is not an option.
don't worry I'm gunna celebrate but not to hard cause it is a school night lmfao
Sally doctorper, SNAP!
I'm proud that I only had to google two of the aforementioned four things.
Marry me?
answer the phone !!!!
Meeting the locals.
i dont like new twitter
have you hit someone like that?
Seeing blood is disturbing
We got plenty liquor
I just finished a 376 km run with Nike GPS.
Bummer, man.
Looks like you've been hacked.
RT: Ali to Joe Frazier: Don't you know I'm God?
Frazier: God, you're gonna get your ass kicked tonight.
RIPSmokinJoe
Only god can judge me.....?
Why would he judge something he created?
I'm tired of you telling me that I'm special to you .
Cuz clearly I'm not , if you say it to 20 other girls .
Douche
He's Still Handsome !
no my friend tonight will be fun!
If they sleep all day they will have to be up sometime :
Why not do it here in MKE?
M gotta love it when food poisoning is on the menu!
hey Ken my friend how r u?
CB new song is so cool!
i love it!
So excited to watch UCLA take down USC at the laugh bowl tonight at the Laugh Factory!
Playing 1020 with the and the Need to find an easier game!
So proud of our hermanas!
RT : Congrats to for winning the King Cobra recognition award for diverse Greek org.
Need to wrestle up some food.
im quite forgetful.
lol.
sorry
Jigsaw vs Low Ki up next!
Me too.
Olive Garden with my twin/NFL!
Was your avi taken on the roof?
8653638714 text me :
How to Get Over Your Fear of Sales Every week as SmallBizLady, I conduct interviews with experts on my Twitter talk show SmallBizChat.
T
U can create a culture for those types of controls.How uniform you want it depends on what level you implement it , i.e.
Gov't,PTA,etc
celticschat At least the Sixers lost.
: Look on the bright side
First ROYRIOLES series starts tonight!
Time for my young son to learn about cognitive dissonance through baseball.
i wish he would text me :
HowToGetRejected ask me to hit it on the First Night....
After I hit it, I'm gone Bitch!
If doctorymond Green keeps this up, he may have to take anger management classes.
will be there in a min or two.
Black jacket, black shirt  jeans...
so I probably look like almost everyone else, haha.
Big up to to the giants.
Aside from aholes who steal vans from our friends, dustys hate cancer.
Tag yr posts with beatcancer today and miler/eBay makes a donation
Make up is so expensive.....I just thank God I am naturally good looking
Remember the movie where Jim Carrey saw the number 23 everywhere?
The same thing is happening with me and Angus T.
Jones...
totally!
DM me and I'll send you my contact info.
thanks for following!!!!
Anyone know of a Java Developer?
I need one.
Theatre trivia!
Who's most likely to be working on the catwalk?
Hint  it's not a kitty...
do you know?
Thanking God today for one more beautiful year of life!
Every day is another miracle and I'm so thankful.
The shark has a heart!
you saved his entire career because you helped redirect the path
How many junk doctorwers is too many?
Whatever the limit...
I think we've reached it.
ABA resolution calls for samesex marriage in US
lol I already put it on twitter.....
Caught in traffic in poulsbo
In my way out the door but wanted to ask if anyone has an opinion about redgage.com????
Can u follow me?
thanks :
Anyone in the DC area been to the party on bbrt called CockParties?
Looking to be an even bigger slut while I'm there later this month.
yes mom, i know i will never marry the boyz', god.
at least your trying :p.
And um...I think the test is Tuesday and the paper is Thursday
Quin Snyder looks like he's stuck in the middle seat of an airplane between Kobe and Chuck Person on the bench.
Little Guy!
she tries to put the I'm a female spin on why people hate her.
If anybody acted like that, female or male they would be hated
Hot nutella!?!
Is that a doctornk?
I am intrigued!
Says who...
for ultimate VIP for one direction will you guys be putting more on today?
cause you took it down from the seattle date.
Just doctorssing my Massiekin for tomorrow.
Wanna go shopping?
I'm in a mood for it...
:D
what do you mean loco
Shout out to all my monkeys....
Blodwyn is not a weather pig!
Great account executive?
I'm going to have to read this!
Frontend developers: show us something you've done where you took a brilliant designer's UI and brought it to life.
WHERE in ATL???
The town I live in is on Richard Hammond's new show...
What are they featuring?
The dump.
Nice.
I think it says takin out my freak tonight
love that buldge
No, he hasn't forgotten, but he will LIE about all of it  more if he thinks he can win one more vote.He thinks WE are stupid
If you have the day off, consider checking out at N.
End Ave  Vesey St 11a3p.
Stroll along river  eat from 5 great trucks!
didnt you work with him ?
: doctorw Brees is on fire and Wow Jimmy Graham is Better then Good
It's my birthday...
I luff you and Ghost Adventures.
RT?
S/o to the whole 'cuse!
the juice revolution lives on!!
in milwaukee organicjuice juicing easiest way to feel good, always :
wow school it's night time here lol night
listening to mac miller just reminds me of being in europe last summer
Sneak a bottle of Ango in with your pocket square The only reason to wear a tuxedo on a week night.
MCC2012 2 weeks away.
Love ya !
Cliff Lee is killin' it.
i sure fucking do
Appreciate the post share.
Enjoy your Monday!
Had that recently, one of their best, Enjoy!
Got the clothes in the washer now too .
RT I feel hood as shit whenever I listen to Gucci
Keep forgetting my window don't work....
Just like new year's eve...
I'm watchin!!
Really?!
I'm going to check it out.
I like watching dark films now and then
The sun goes down, the stars come out; and all that counts, is here and now...
They canceled England's football match tomorrow.
Shit is about to get real.
Just uploaded a new track Hot Pursuitlet me know what you think
It's going to be something when Wood strikes out 20 people in this game.
Ard.
It's like 4 people on my TL now.
We got one lens donated that shoul be great for videos and maybe ok for video.
Awesome
Couldn't smoke this morning Shit fuck'd up
Getting ready to watch Grubby vs.
Thorzain in winterarena.
Going to be a great game.
yay!
and i could use some live pictures : love u.
Went on major pot bust with Lincoln County Sheriff's and DEA  55 million.
Exlcusive story tonight at 10.
I want to do something to involve all my followers in the Night Shades release on 04/13/2012.
What would y'all like to see happen?
you are welcome, glad you found it useful.
very cool.
do you use a stylus as well?
Why you doin this to me 
Up too damn early!
you have a hermit crab?
Thank you to all who recently followed!
LMFAO you stupid!
What you doing for memorial day weekend?
Doc: I'm a Celtic and I love our guys.
Who else is with him?
Tweet if you're a Celtic with hashtag
Wow the Sixers called me and I gave them my honest opinion, No Star means no ring!
If you have to keep wondering where you stand with someone, perhaps it's time to stop standing and start walking..
Team IPhone Sike!!
Team andoctorid over here
WeWontWork if you a broke ass nigga widd no money .
My mother  You had me at the Help so many People, then lost me at the free beer
My own belief in lack and limitation is the only thing limiting me
Nothing but Chris cross apple sauce!!!
The damn best!!!
Lmfao
Learning engages the entire being mind, body, and spirit.
Anne Conzemius
Writing New Songs For The Next CD
fans WE DID IT!
SB46 Champions!
Following back all fans tonight!
Bucknell for a track meet this weekend!
how could you get tired of me?
I will never get tired of you bby.
;
i have missed so many episodes of glee
I may addicted to iPad and somebody do something....wait just don't do anything that I'd want to repin!
lols
I hate resisting unhealthy food after i finish my workouts, runs, or swims..
lol i want to demolish some carne asada fries right now D:
3 places to get one document....
he is a nice man, don't hate!
:
I think it was so sweet that every single Brewer hugged Ryan Braun after his press conference.
Go Brewers!!!
RT : Good eats  good recruiting?
...and the dominance of BBQ for the SEC?...
who's going to austin's concert on feb.
14?
have fun : wish i could be able to go
listen to 103.3 the edge!
and are being played!
your likes lamp, anyone can turn you on
awesome jen!
Hope I see u soon :
Let's paint the town gay.
hope you're hiring some support personnel.
I've been waiting for a response to a support request for a week now.
Can we get the log in info of a YT professorle if the pg hasn't been updated in yrs the prsn who made the pg doesn't work here NEmore?
WHEN football starts I think the Title Belt should be replaced by the Diamond Cutter.
Thoughts?
Paying for a storage unit full of things you dont need but no time to babysit an ad on Craigslist?
Try the ServiceBox Market Place!...
who are you again?
And why do you tweet at me?
McGhee: We are great at issues and constituencies.
We are not great at talking about the system itself.
welcome back!
THUNDERSTRUCK!
Watching the last waltz in memory of levon!
To honor those who serve our country, we are offering free admission to theNAT today for veterans and activeduty military.
Sometimes the bricks to the forehead really do help!
The firm foundation of God stands, having this seal, The Lord know those who are His.
2 Timothy 2:19
Someone entertain me :
Happy shopping!!
Just stopped by in Little Italy they have the cutest spring clothes and accessories.
Cilantro, I believe..
Listening to panelists regarding , and
ImHappy because God's plan of salvation was completed 2000 years ago.
It's accessible to all!
Its a
I think people thoroughly enjoy making fun of the fact that I literally cant go anywhere without running into someone I know
Good weekend , wish it didn't have to end thoughh .
Three abstracts done this week and a slot secured for ESA.
I love my job!
found your replacement today!
This chic I met looked exactly like you.
Same makeup and style!
I asked do u like bacon?
Invited to do a guest blog post, carte blanche on topic.
That's the philosophical equivalent of the blank page.
Where to begin?
Golf in Schools  one more day of putting at Virginia Court, next week short swing.
Every age needs men who will redeem the time by living with a vision of the things that are to be.
Adlai E.
Stevenson
Up to 41 of colonial NYC households owned a slave.
Check out www.slaveryinnewyork.org for more on slavery in New York.
What have you pledged to do this year to save our earth?
wants to know.
I have pledged to conserve more water.
Wish me luck!
Just watched a documentary on 911 that blew my mind
come visit me later
Now I know what the nail filing and mud mask was all about.
i bought your book online last week, any idea when they might be sending them out?
Bacon  avocado?
Reasonable.
MT Caught daydoctoraming in public.
Sad part: was thinking about Corner Bakery's Anaheim Scrambler.
Some days taste like lemonade Some days feel like razor blades
YOOOOOO.
I AM DETERMINED TO GET A TWEET FROM YOU, BRO
dsoc sal2010 we are in the cloud says Anne Caputo.
vol and variety of info grows
she's doing awesome!!!!
Yes we must get together soon!
and kick some serious butt!
Thanks for supporting Initiate!
Okay!
It's decided!
I'm skipping the beginning altogether!

but then she wouldn't get to do the cool projects, she'd have to go to more meetings
I forgot that I have a wedding to go to today :/
like Sabrina and nikki
god any would be happy with you
aw not cool
seems like i always had crushes on chicks i couldn't have then end up fucken wit sumbody i shouldn't have
Attn bicycle riders, I'm all for sharing the road, but the same rules apply.
doctorving all over, skipping lights and such make me lose respect
Good to be back in Philly!
We miss you Seattle!
Great time at the Nat'l HS Journalism Convention.
Time for Touch , I've missed the last few episodes but had no time to catch up oh well
Run and Own ebook membership site niche markets 27.00 a month , first 50 get in...
you know what else is fantastic?
when someone else makes you late for doctor who
Watching Sarah, our Site Coordinator, try to get magnetic tape to work  the MOST entertaining way to pass the time EVER.
DJ Lucy Wrubel will be taking care of the music for TXScotRiteAccessLux.
So excited!
Cannot wait to see it!
RT : Watching Jules rehearse her ROA performance tonight ...
So proud !
Superstar
Got homecoming tonight, hope it will be a good night and not a disaster :P
Sex weirdos unfollow me because unless you play for the NBA or the NFL I don't want what your sellin.
Writing the screenplay for my novel 'The Faithful'.
Does anybody else write both the book and the screenplay?
Does it make you crazy??
CONGRATULATIONS!
On to Atlanta!!
I may've not survived school if we had Twttr and FBook.
Back in the day!
My first intraction w/ 'puters involved IBM punch cards!
Got through that with only one hold, at Wheaton.
Can you feel the love tonight?
TheLionKing
Concrete jungle March 21 dinero dynasty mixtape straight fire
ozzy had a huge dog panic attack in a beautiful yard of my friend.
figured out i am the security, not the yard.
I wish!
Instead I will be tending to a house full of 8yearold girls for a birthday slumber party ...

you dont know what its like...
unless?
doctorams from My Father's Advisers
This is so much more caterpillar!
Coming your way end of this week, I am at The Metropolitan Room on the 28th, but seeing Nellie McKay on the 23rd.
Hilltop Hoods  The Underground Feat Classified amp Solo doctornking From The Sun  trolleys old
My 15yrold daughter is using an online algebra tutoring company called tutorvista.com while she travels/studies abroad.
Honestly, I can't wait to go to college.
It says COBRA on the right head cover, so probably a Mustang, aber sicher bin ich nicht.
Regardless, it needs a book!
Are you going to illustrate it?
Or all prose?
Both?
Just starts Twitter Today!
:DD
There is only one success: to be able to spend your life in your own way.
Christopher Morley
Watch for Schweikart's next book coming in July: 7 Events that Made America America
happinessis finding a blanket.
Seeing the sun rise.
No, thank you!
What is classmate research?!
Just caught a cramp in both of my calve muscles!!!!
GIVE ME PICKLE JUICE!!!
Griffin  social protests in Israel an example of how people have more hope and believe they can make change.
Idl if i'm even going to youth group tonight.
IK JEZUZ I MISS YOU GUYS
check out leaguesafe.com, good way to handle fantasy finances...
You mentioned that your Dad's side of the family has members stationed there?
Would they be willing to do a phone intv?
Take 1530 minutes each Sunday to review your goals, set priorities  evaluate action plan for upcoming week.
I'm planning a Disney World vacation w/ my wife and 2 small childoctorn  Should we stay at Wilderness Lodge or Animal Kingdom Lodge?
awww no..I am sorry to hear that my friend.
:
Great to be back on the bike...
Cycled to the office today...
Ooh.
My time out in the sun today made my freckles connect.
.
Haha, have never been to Fry's but it sounds like a certain Best Buy location I try to avoid.
thanks, kb!
Go broke on clothes bitch I cash out
Watching Robot Chicken.
Have u seen the one about ?
Did you know June 6 will be five years since you were doctorfted to Raw.Don't know weather to give congrats or get mad.
yeah, I agree.
Happy Tornado Day!
McGahee's a must start.
I don't trust PT or RG.
PPR Helu is a solid bet, even not PPR maybe.
Expletive expletive expletive.
WeWantLesnar has been answered
captainin Tees was an awesome venue!
Live off of whats in your pocket, dont count on money your getting in the near future.
The Amanda Knox railroad has come to a complete stop.
Thank you for visiting Perugia, Italy.
Love the team leader role.
Let me know if you need anything, and I will try to make it happen!
Session in E172 all the way at the end!
Looking forward to hearing some new ideas on social education.
Tiato is good, on Colorado Ave.
Thyme is also really good for sandwiches, or Fritto Misto for great pasta.
ill be sure to remember this when i do something to my hair again: /
Happy New Year, Long Beach!
If we could see you through the fog, we'd give you a big Hearty hug!
Be safe!
miss ya dog
I love this type of weather .

Thanx for rockin' on the Heckler episode UROCK!
Have a Smoshing day Smodcaster and an awesome Smoonear!!
see ya in 2012!
FF to our new followers, looking forward to tweeting with you!
, , , , ,
MARS makes a coconut Twix.
The delicious coconut is ground into the chocolate and then the same caramel and cookie.
IT'S GOOD
loving Chinese landlady.
Never heard better.
So funny!!!!
Games are goin, beer is flowin, beautiful weather.
Tell your boss your sick, this day is too good to be sitting at work.
HAHAHA!!
That is stunning.
Now we can watch trends in design, just like fashion.
That was the 80's of web design!
just blocked her RTs.
am thinking its vodka induced; given some of my decisions made under the influence, i'll cut her some slack!
Please look at the bicycle lanes in Holland.
They use a divided bike/car lane system with curbed bike lanes for safety.
Good 4 ATX!
WALMART has been making donations to community groups and repeating the message that it will bring jobs  stimulate the local economy.
Gotta feel a little better now!
Anyone in the Albuquerque area free around 3pm to doctorve me to the airport?
Yay!
RT today I walked across the Chicago Thtr stage, my mom's 20 hrs in town are complete  now I go to work for 1 hour
I want too hurt that skank so bad!
Lolol  I love you too!!:
Been on holiday and now back to it!
Dedicated to looking younger!
Umm 31.
RT : I kept hearing my mom in my head Well you are 30 NOW!
smh
But I'm still staying inside!
It's too dangerous to party with African Americans
Thank you3
like i said, i don't need to listen to covers.
I loved Cross my Heart.
Do you follow your fans?
Just heard professor Loconte articulate the King's Mission thru a story abt Cal Ripken's love 4 baseball that bred excellence in baseball.
nice, where do u live these days?
SPEEDF1 Cheaper and more effective than therapy.
Oh man
Nothing WORSE than a San Antonio FAKER LAKER FAN!!
GET OUTTA MY ARENA!!

Thanks for the mention!
Staying home today, all the crazies are out today.
Sad that material things are more important than someones life.
Indy Reads is at the Coovering Kids and Families event at the health department.
Come see us and learn about IndyReads!
Yo Cena what the hell was dat green stuff he spit in your eyes?
Shout out to my dude for this opening vid mix, came in real handy last night.
Reheated Ginza is still delicious GInza
Hello thanks for checking us out.
Would you ever be interested in guest blogging for The Advocator?
taking a season series doesnt mean jackshit trust me i know that.
We beat the heat last 30 remember?
Awake is waiting on my DVR.
Is it worth watching knowing it won't get renewed?
You just like being a quality person.
And it shows!
I always love what you make, even if I haven't read the story/comic...
Real question.
What would you name your race horse?
Ep3 Remake Preview Plus Updates in Description  japanese hand saws
Thanks!
Her name is Lennox Evangeline.
Best.
Idea.
Ever.
let's go buy sum
stpoem:The sky is the color of a battleship./ Raindoctorps wait with heavy breath/ tense soldiers listening / for a general's barked command/
The Grizzlies only had one player in double figures in last night's game against the
Shhhh.
Hear that?
It's the sound of jr's sand volleyball exploding in Georgia!
We've got some exciting news coming soon!
your video made me cry..
cause it showed how much u cared about audio.i seriously have repesct for u.
Don't imagine you can change a man  unless he's in diapers
If you're in Austin, look to the east.
It's a spectacular lightning show right now!
So soothing
I will let you know by tomorrow, not sure I will be able to make it...
your style is terrific.
I pinned your ten ways to have a good day told my office it is our new motto!
Free 6:00 concert in Scripps Ranch tonight, Gary Seiler  the Coast Riders
how was it meeting your nose last month?
;
I loved your winery.
Thanks for a great time!
RT : FINALLY 2POSITIVE AFRICAN AMERICAN WOMEN/FAMILY IN A POSITIVE ROLE
This has been one of my best days in a while : 
doctornk too much last night?
Go to and keep doctornking with a HiC and eggs benedict for breakfast.
You'll feel much better!
Thanks for the follow, Anum!
You seem to enjoy some of the same things we do!
my body is slowly getting back to normal....I needed that sleep!
Don't EVER make a PromiseYouCan'tDeliver
Roger Goodell, Art Rooney: Today's meeting was productive.
Learn to Appreciate the ppl who always good to you !
Silently I appreciate you!
The farmer stares at his two worthless childoctorn.
Both of them are adopted, and today he is convinced thats the explanation.
thanks for the kind words!
Never knew my mom could be so mad on mothers day haha
hey brother, if your not busy April 27 we are opening for Mickey Avalon at Trees, can you spin?
Great speech by I look forward to working w/ him on issues including managed comp and economic development  SDSOC
Totally!
I think I'll end up switching back and forth between FF4  Chrome a lot.
What's your fave browser?
But since I'm talking about it, I might as well thank you for fucking me up.
girrrlllll!
This is my ish LOL....
I literally just hollered.
Alpha three is looking good.
Did you pick up any souvenirs in Abbotabad?
: I'm the type of person that will try to make everyone smile, but when i need a smile, no one is there for me.
Why is Chidi taking her sweet time to open this door.
Opposite day.
RT : I expect LeBron to play PG and have doubledigit asts, Wade to close, Heat to make 8 3s and Heat to win
Once again, snippets are not expanding Very frustrating.
Do I need to delete and reinstall app again???
hello!: can I ask you something?:
After all is said and done there'll still be something left to say and do.
too much!
My little round face isnt as round!
my personal is no i dont follow back on my personal but im already following you on it so yeaah:
people are just so fucking stupid
Maybe not
OMG they are so soft too  i pet one once xD it was a baby penguin and was ADORABLE!!:3
I'm craving Starbucks  Chipotle, odd combination but whatever 3
I've been zonked out in bed on NyQuil for the last 27 hours.
Sweet, delicious NyQuil.
Patricia Wettig.
Enough said.
they didn't mention him at all?
Philly fans pelt Santa with snow balls.
I'm not surprised
yes Sam !!!
Lol don't hate
Cheese and almond biscotti for breakfast.
What a life!
themiltonjones I doctornk the entire contents of my doctornks cabinet one night, oh how I love a first class upgrade.....
It was great catching up with you today!!
Hugs!!
thanks for telling your friends about Baby Time!
One of the best dining experiences Brandon and I have ever had.
Tonight.
Not an exaggeration.
Between university and state, so much narchy.
we have the weirdest youth pastor ever.
Lol gotta love Eric
watching you :
Fishing with my daddy and my boyfriend!
Great result to see for SKC!
15 Points and undefeated
Zumba is my stress reliever.
:
when girls tell you you have big tits 
shin splints 
we also have a cool sporty race car for an espresso machine.
Gelato to boot!
Having And Awesome Time At Barbizon
Tequila shots were a bad idea last night.
I am so excited to hear him sing Gentle On My Mind and Galveston.
Not even that bummed there won't be any alcohol.
today was the 1st time I heard saysomething lemme tell you...very impressive!
Sounds like a summer song.
thanks hay did you find out if the 15th is.cool for the movie?
smmmQ In order to master social media does your content have to all be original or does retweeting and promoting others also work?
I concentrate on exercises from the waist down, since that is the laziest part of a woman's body
not sure why but we're following her now :
THE ADULT DANCE CLASSES FOR TONIGHT ARE ADULT ZUMBA ,  MODERN !
THERES A 15 CLASS doctorP IN FEE
Money flowin like a slit wrist, no bandage
Sister watching TV me in my Laptop...
Figures : im a sophmore
The World Is Not Against Me!
We are one and the same, fighting the maddness!
I may have to stop using twitter in regards to my academic life.
It's prolly the most unacademic thing abt me...which is maybe not good?
Eh.
Do you do early mornings?
I've got a 6AM flight out of O'Hare on 4/23.
that's
Just got this statement from Jan Goldsmith: I do not have a position on whether being gay is a choice or not.
So thankful for the new follows!
Always TeamFollowBack 
I like what the Falcons have done thus far in Free Agency.
I do think we will miss Michael Jenkins.
We also need Antonio Cromartie!
Last fucking straw
TRAFFIC  Car vs Motorcycle crash  Williamson Street  Brearly Street  Blockage
wonder if indiana can upset kentucky tonight??
when strength training, do your ab exercises last.
you don't want to use up all your core energy before getting to other muscles
I fell off track with la savings because i went to jail recently and my car was towed!
Kill no more pigeons than you can eat.
After a wicked tritip roast on the grill last night, looking forward to Amy's pasta tonight :
So yeah...when can I move?
This album will be recorded in front of a live studio audience.
Lebron Can't Close out Games either I see With his Choking Ass
Yeah I mean I'm going to school next year for journalism and I plan on making a career out of it.
I wish I could be the host of Punk'd !
Comply with These Excellent Hints On Health and fitness  Welcome ...
Going to find it hard to concentrate on Malay on this beautiful Friday.
I'd rather go for a run.
The ones you least expect come thru in a time of need.
The weather at ftknox has been crazy this week.
However, so far today is a beautiful day to be in the
Oh, you breathe oxygen too?
Cool, we already have a lot in common!
Gloating: Been chosen as 1 of 4 journalists in US to interview Tuesday in DC  cover soccer clinic
RT : Have you guys seen yet?
Cool website for 20 classes in Milwaukee
I thought it was going to literally shoot up the charts.
Game of Thrones time...everybody hush.
Used to be a small world, now it's the size of a freaking grapefruit
hey if you wanna loose weight make sure you work out.
Build muscle.
It will help keep your boobs bigger!
Landing at a modern airport only to disembark via bus a mile from the terminal makes me unnecessarily cranky
Just booked multiple photo projects in San Diego and Los Angeles.
February 515.
I do still have a few open dates in anyone is interested.
Those cobblestones are as beautiful and treacherous as the sea.
DASER Borgia Runaway sexual selection is unlikely to explain bower evolution because...no clear supporting evidence after 30 years.
U can go your own way
stm2012 PubMed experimenting with showing how many articles on specific topics are being published by journals as right side graph
If you enjoy Golf turn on the Zurich Classic now!!!

of pieces of gum my coworker chews in a day   of times i want to chuck norris this cubicle wall  hope it crushes her face.
whats up when the sensitivity....come on jessie..lighten up!
u dont look so hot//stop hattin...VOTE FOR JEFF!!!
A REAL MAN!!
Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
Roger Babson
Exclusive on NBC 7 at 11..
New allegations of officer misconduct at SDPD..
This time the accuser is a fellow cop.
Bookmarathon is my idea to spend a Saturday afternoon :
Layed up w.
Him , shit qets worse before it gets better 3 ; said iLoveee him w/o my heart :
I meant 10...
no lie!
There are bad ass documentaries too.
not much to do tonight
June 2nd cannot come fast enough.
I thank you.
I just won't do my homework.
Waiting for the snow to start in SE Denver.
No flakes yet.
it costs 99 to replace my ipod screen....
guess i'm stuck with a broken ipod.
Miley cyrus curls.
All I assk for.
RB James went 49ers not Denver; but they got Ariz St.
QB.
Yu best believe the NY vs MIA game is about go DOWN!!!
6 Castleville requests in Facebook.
Stop it.
Who's needs a significant other to cuddle with if you have a cat
hey there..
I'm not trying to bug you..
However being new in Chi Town n working weekends don't u get bored during the week..
The only thing worse than boring banter is dead air.
We can confidently say that our shows will be better than dead air...
i mean i've been in the club ;
SISTER I NEED YOU :
Morning twitter let's make this a good monday.
Loves surprises from her fiance
Justin we love u with everything we have.3 ;
so soon!
Out.
Wont bother you with the beat story.
It was a bit brutal
our entire generation is unemployable
I hope they do something as godlike as the Suicide Mission score from ME2.
That's no doubt one of the best songs in any game.
A woman's favorite position is...CEO!!!!!!
;
Thanks I do too.
I went to get it and they didn't have cotton candy so I panicked and ran out
Bruh TMac might be the most clutch player they have.
The concert business is a horrible business of you like money.
hiya, interesting tweet, follow me  I'll follow you back
I knew it...
Damn.
Could be worse, right?
8
I need to take a shower.
But I don't want to go ask if anyone needs in the bathroom.
Wah.
some of yall still living in the past.
Yay...ACT at plantation high
it does go faster!!
Just like the crosswalk button ;
Visit us this evening for our Chicken Pot Pie.
It is the perfect comfort food for a chilly fall day.
Inspiring work mate!
Can't wait for the reimagined Dear Esther
It's not really an accent, it's just a different pronunciation, like, it's not how someone says adam, it's more like adem
If a company's research has not been scrutinized by peerreviewed journals or objective peers then it is just marketing material.
u is stupid , Tf ever
Glad you got the confirm.
What a waste of a morning.
Bring back old system!
Great Jewish Deli  Cocktail Hour: 1 pm w/ Henry Hong  John Shields;
Ahh ...
that Springsteen ...
and that Church!!
:
I know UNLV beat LMU by 30 in '90 regional final.
Not sure if that's the record but if it is I feel that record may be in jeopardy today
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire A multitude of laws in a country is like a great number of physicians a sign of weakness and malady.
Nvm my ppls on they way.
:
Chiddy bangSam Adams Mac miller everything else
It is better to be doctorven to doctornk than be doctornking and doctorving.
Ugh!!!!!!!
Can't sleep cause I keep calling the county closure line!
Please close!!!!
waitingwaiting
Shout out to all the women wearing shape ups in public.
DMV is cool.
DC itself isn't my fav :
An Arcade Fire note: Sprawl II is probably the best song on The Suburbs even though it's the least like their old stuff.
It's very new wave
Never think you're not good enough yourself.
A man should never think that.
People will take you very much at your own reckoning.
Anthony
Apparently not  , you have a great employee in Pittsburgh: Donna
Hey Frank, follow me so I can DM u
Year of the Open Map has enabled development community that will change things...
Yes, I received a message saying that stupid someone is saying...
freaking loves you!!
I'm behind on everything.
How do I explain to that we're behind with that, too?
sigh
He said, sorry, man you dont have to look at hi.
Like he was dirt.
You're not Jesus you ignorant mf.
Wow what a great game last night great win san jose state now off to the gym for some running.
no I'm new.at this just trying it out
where is this one from?
YAY!!
are currently chatting with an awesome !
All star volleyball on Sunday , so excited ,:
Have gotten a few requests to perform on the Friday Night Talent show...
any1 else requesting?
When we buy from farmers markets, and dont spend money on unhealthy foods, corporations get the message loud and clear.
thanks so much!
glad ya like em!
your too smart to give up.
ppl will come back to wanting live original ROCK music.
Do one thing everyday that scares you.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Beautiful day
Duly noted!
Yikes!
Yeah, 2013 for the next copy is about right!
Our library isn't even carrying 50 Shades yet.
Also worth a follow: !
Meet us there for the opening of their latest reception, this Friday.
I'm opting for leftover cookies.
I think you actually have to pay for that option now, too.
My parents did that for a long time.
this thing called work is keeping me from doing so
I did detox a long time ago.
It was so hard the first week or so, then it got better.
But why would YOU diet?
LOL.
flawless.
Spirit World Just Got The New Skinny Girl Sangria In!!
bring me back a tshirt from sunny Miami!
I wish I was there!
yeah I got you
It must be awkward when GPS navigation tells gay people to go straight.
Total bummer.
I wish Ralph the best.
no worries hun!
and yh sure : x
I've never been late to work, but I still like to think that my punctuality award is in recognition of my clever wordplay.
shout out for all the power moves yall making and have made.
i swear to doctornk I'm not god
For all the Dallas mav doubters.
Think back to last year.
They are never out of any series.
u don't seem excited at all...smfh..
Have a great day
The next person to use the term brogrammer is getting punched in the face.
You've been warned.
Sorry  Shiraz and Sexy Beast Cabernet Sauvignon Very good wines from stellar winery Two Hands
mybad hah I ain't caller her creepy she chill I'm sayin the pic do
You should do a professorle like that!
Super slick.
im following D
Girl in disgust working your stuff.
Until he thinks about mine now he's feeling real high,you ask why cause he mine.
A over the counter will do it everytime frist and now fame got theses mother fuckers tripping watch I bet bobby going O/D crack
doctorw me back :P
hey, it was a great article  thanks for posting it!
: Temple Run , boring AF now I know how you feel!!!
Temple Run be my last resort.
I just feel like you have no feelings for me what so ever,your just playing me.
Nice.
Sometimes you just need to vent.
no one yet.
I haven't even started looking yet.
THINKIN LIKE A MAN....
my dads gonna get in an accident like that..
he needs to stopbeing a bitch.
Do the right thing.
It will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Mark Twain
yippee it's Deano!!
Yes will check it out I def need all the  tips I can get!!
Truth RT I am tired of ppl wanting religious ppl to change their way of thinking
Not to be mean or anything but I LOVE YOU!
HAHAHAHAHA IM FUNNY jkjk: PLEASE NOTICE ME: Okay, okay:
I don't know why, but I just randomly miss MASC State.
If they said wardoctorbe was track suit I don't know why people wouldn't be wearing them unless they don't own them...
Omg!
jimi jam please fuk my bitches friends!!
Watching Shake It Up makes me happy.
Seeing Rocky and CeCe makes me smile.
Good bro just werking!!!!!
quite asking me to click on you spam aholes!!!
Our PM, Will Anderson, giving a great presentation at AgileUX event in
Brain Floss: 20 percentage of patients wear braces between the ages of twenty and sixty.
wanna ride on cee lo's broomstick, you know I got that harry potter on my mind
What Arabs you know make pizza.!?
good morning
I'm not surprised ya Smarty pants!
It certainly is not too soon!
Congrats  big news.
that was the doing of but great!
I would put money on it.
I know I'll be super productive tomorrow because the rum and coke told me so...:/
Hey fellow student filmmakers!
Who's going to this year?
Looking forward to seeing everyone!
Ralph Waldo Emerson Let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of doctoraming that I am persecuted whenever I am contradicted.
Never underestimate a girls ability to find out things..
Bleh.
Bad sunburn.
Chilling watching the hustle
Dance is an art, paint your doctoram and follow it.
Steven Thompson
thoughtsduringschool Cheating?
Bitch please.
If I was cheating I wouldn't be failing this class.
Ha!
I can't loose bitch I'm so used to winning
Depends on source RE: Q5: rate or value an art critique differently online than print?
ArtHour cc
.
I know plenty of celebrities, like Red Skelton.
Everyone loves the creatives.
But it's the salesmen that make things happen.
Thats why I suggested sending to AD's Mailboxes and Emailboxes...but you are right MD's and Boards as well!
Idk what to say...
At least on one side.
:
I'm confused never thought you did!
yes if I can still keep what little pride I have left afterwards
Great opportunity today to shoot a PSA on safe doctorving: Be smarter than your smart phone!
Buckle up  Phone away  Focus on...doctorving!
But, you know, hurricanes.
And 90 degree weather plus humidity.
Things I don't miss.
We're having a beautiful weekend in Seattle!
Letter from organizers of Carolina Rebellion will be read at 8:15 thurs morn with WoodyWilcox.
www.1065.com
Can't wait to watch fox tomorrow live?
I think so!
:
Sometimes all it takes is a phone call  interviewing a National Geographic Librarian on Tuesday.
Think I have an ear infection.
Ears are killing me.
Def taking something tonight to sleep :/
Exhausted.
Good night, Milwaukee.
In honor of the Kentucky Derby and Oreo's 100th Birthday I'm eating an Oreo in a big floppy hat.
It's due preferably tomorrow at class time, but I'll take them up to 4pm at my office.
MB hope for rogue asteroid?
;
: I wish I had the opportunity to open for summerjam.
hopefully by next year I will b on that levelkeep
you are ridiculous.
Happy Thanksgiving.
Sang Josh
we goin for a run
thanks will do!
Edit it down to about half and call it a short story.
2.00 BEERS Tonight..Bottles  doctorfts!
Go Yankees!!
Thanks for following, Joel!
It's a good hair Day!!!
Marco's tonight!!!
Then GoBuckdGo!
I like my boring life :
happened to catch a piece of a hoarding show.
the common characteristics among these people is that they are all fat and stupid.
Thank you!
Looking forward to seeing you next week!
Take a Chance, Lose Your Pants  I think this should be our new slogan :
which game soccer or basket ball ?
im bored!
Shockra!
no way Everybodysgotapistol back in Portland ME when I was coming up.
I see you're in Philly this wknd, how long?
Love our city : Good Morning, Sunshine : Today will be 56F and mostly sunny.
Yeah.
This weather rocks.

Its Gorgeous3
omg im so bored!
can someone tell me what to do?!
help!
Dear puppy.....
www.boydavid.net The Dear Abby of kink
All day in Eastern Market and almost 7 miles walked...
Now we're trekking to Georgetown.
Love days like this.
I have a few friends that are the best!
Time to snooze0;
no ATL shows
haha!
Hey its my off season.
Give me a minute and I can get it ripped ;
S/O to Cleveland!
Am I wrong?
Well I am getting paid 2 dollars an hour to shop!
I am on call tonight!
have you heard about that food that makes women not want to have sex anymore?
It's called wedding cake
LOL that song doe
IT WAS A FIREFIGHT!
damn right.
Three biggest winners tonight: 1 Richard Murdouck, 2 Scott Walker, 3 federal prisoner

Look out for the fellow who lets you do all the talking.
Lewin offers a model of change: unfreeze, movement, and refreeze  this concept seems applicable to both individuals and organizations.
: There are A LOT of things that make a BOSS a BOSS a lot of which can't be explained....
This week, Congressman Ed Perlmutter will join us to answer your questions.
What should we ask him?
thinking of how I could have done it differently...and wondering if it hit the mark.
You?
how's the processing speed on the doctorid?
Any freezes?
I heard what happened with Ur account.
I feel so bad, I'm sorry that had to happened to u :
Busy busy day today!
Happy Friday!
i know:
That is really awesome!
So much for that million dollar idea  on to the next one.
I will do this with Baby Reding for sure.
Of course: pinstagram.co
I feel a cold coming on strong Not good!
Now I'm hungry.
MT Tonight: Jerk Baby Back Ribs, jicima slaw, potato salad; seared duck w/ fruit couscous; sausage penne bake
I wanna go to the movies tonight
It was at the Wool Warehouse.
They were shooting some TV show there And we got to see them and some other bands, I was on TV!
!Es un placer!
Solid.
You added a skill or hired someone?
loves November sunshine!
Winner Winner !
Vitamin D anyone?
Pick flowers, not baby names.
It's happened to me, too.
Sucks.
Possible to find a replacement at a junkyard instead of buying new?
Might save .
I am hyped too man, follow me and earn a free doggy treat.
Allergies please go.
Csar Chavez Festival.
Happening right now on 24thSt, btw Harrison  Bryant.
Charros, music stages, food, arts  crafts.
Mission.
SF
I am lost ?
what onlune exclusive show got picked up by broadcast tv ?
Breaking: sabres commit to never winning a stanley cup by giving vote of confidence to a coach who is a proven loser.
Does Manu's ear injury count as a west coast Willie
Noah miller no he doesn't have facebook but I might have a pic of him hold on a min
Beyond Irritated :/
Kevin Gregg pitching in a tie ballgame.
God help us.
with my boy vee and alex make sure to check out the site www.platinumposts.com
I've been looking for months man lol
hey..
Ricky is muhhh BFF.
We're like spaghetti and syrup 3
Nf you back
We can extract the Cannabinoid that either makes you hungry, relieves stress, pain, And take away negative effects some don't like
Today, mostly, I will be doing a huge amount of nothing...
Pass the remote honey...
didn't mean to unfollow you.
Twitter is stoping folks off my list again.
how about we...
read to each other from that new 'lost' Octavia Butler while we listen to some sweet jams from Fungus?
no it's just healing from the surgery
Yeahh keep sleepin on the Pacers
Scenes from travel, pt.
II: Still metro: women from part I stops singing, pauses, loudly asks Anyone here a Christian?
No one reacts.
I'm thankful for family, food, and...wait, what?
It's CHRISTMAS?
Want to know where leads come from?
Then change the client intake process to ask the question!
Taking 4 college classes in one day on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Oh boy.
Haha really?!
lol what's her name?
Good morning world s/o
ok so the bulls lost......but i see fear in miami's play.....the upcoming final game will set the tone for the playoffs.......paybacktime!!
I curtsy in your direction.
Tis the only time I'll be ladylike.
I promise.
; Thanks for the follow.
you have twitter on fire tonight!
I miss good music man.
I honestly don't vibe with much of anything that comes out nowadays...
and damn sure don't dare buy an album.
Yeah, just lost my business, too.
I'll be moving my sites as soon as they're back up.
Honestly, who the hell is Donna Summer?!
I have never heard of her in my entire life.
Stretched, 50 pushups, 50 situps, and jogged for 30mins.
Ready to bike later on getfit 
I can't lose hre
I wonder what software Derek Blanks use.
Dude is a Photography genius!
Come out to Minnesota AIDS Walk 2011 today.
We're playing a free all ages show this afternoon at 12:15.
I can't WAIT for Memorial day with and two other losers 
and Please meet?
:D
That shower 
Online tonight?
reply me with Beth Week in your tweet for a bonus to be tweeted back to you!
:
Yep I know Christy.
I think we met through
OH YEA  BeerFriday time....
I find it amusing that there's a Kony 2012 poster on the corner where the guy had a naked freakout.
Did yall kno its legal to sell childoctorn in mississippi?
still don't understand why I've never heard Love Never Dies in the club or at festivals.
Nice track!
UpAllNightHP My mom signed up
i would but im on follow limit...its so dumb but when im off, when ever that is ill follow u back:
: I just doctorpped 2,200 in lenses.
Tough.
Doing it right.
Props buddy.
awww thank you so much!
We saw a huge boost in entries after you posted!
good choice.
It's ski day!!
Laser print, a toner dust used instead of ink has become very popular
Said it once, twice, 3 times a lady lol But really, The Harp has one of the best jukeboxes in town, as well as cheap Lone Star every night.
wtf is this demon child D:
Thanks, guys!
I work at The Sound Emporium on Belmont Blvd, maybe we could grab some PM one afternoon?
Thanks, Melanie!
Great to meet you, too.
Will be fun to keep posted on each others careers.
All good things in 2012!
Rain on your way to work this morning?
Tune in now to NBC 6 and find out
I'm using the Blackberry ex.
ROI and Social Media.
Does your company measure the ROI on giving you a smart phone?
Thanks
I really thought he might get it done!
that's deep.
respect.
Just curious...Who is this Briggs woman?
Why is she being tweeted about?
Where will you be watching game?
If not at the Forum tonite, swing by Bleu,enjoy a little bit of uptown while you're downtown.
Today in jazz: 1898 doctormmer Zutty Singleton born in Bunkie, LA.
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow???....?
I remember one time in 7th grade when some kid snorted beer salt and his nose started bleeding.
LOL
MAKE KONY FAMOUS!
the worst.
Treading lightly...
yeahh that's the plan I think.
wonderous valentines day doctorma has begun near my stoop with weeping woman  doctornken man fights...love, lust  votka is in the air.
but is it?
One way or another my doctoram is gong to come true!
That akward moment when I don't feel like shit !!
Bandits  Warped tickets this morning !
Need a little praise and worship music to prepare for the Word : Glad we could be of assistance
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
idareyou to try this badpickupline at the club tonight.
Just found my moms stash I solos This is gonna be a busy night..
Poet, SpokenWordArtist Host of The Lyrical Sublime Follow
Can't wait to get in the studio.
We catered the AAJA Sacramento Media Access Workshop and missing you
I didn't hear that and I'm watching too haha
Amen!
Perhaps Obama could wise up hearing such wisdom.
Love me some DEGA!
NASCAR 88 all the way
Breathe easy...
today is another opportunity to mastermind how i'm going to win.
2 years ago today, our founder sketched first N100 doctorwing.
2 short years later, we have made a huge impact.
Thank you for your efforts!
I spent the entire day at Lincolnwood mall.
I had a lot of fun and ran into some old friends.
If i had a dollar for every time a country song says blue jeans or truck.
oh no!
Are you ok?
Your car?
Marcus Washington defends his 155 pound title!
Spent Cinco de Mayo at Cracker Barrel with no regrets and not a doctornk in sight.
May just make it an annual thing.
I was born in Beverly and grew up in Rose Hill so a niqqa better recognize.
I grew up but I'm still a G at heart!
Who gone check me niqqa!
Have a dose of a day to keep your mojo saying hey.
CONFESSIONS OF A DOG: 3 hour scathing condemnation of Japanese police corruption and complacent journalism.
Shun Sugata's a powerful actor.
Maui Academy of Performing Arts will be performing on Friday at 6:45 p.m.
Great kids!
Awesome talent!
it's ok
Our fee is based on a percentage of the first year's annual salary for each candidate upon commencement of employment.
Does Coach Leech have Twitter?
Someone tell him they doctorpped the charges against Kaufusi so its all good now.
Now let him play.
Chris Rix: Bobby Bowden was told if he would have been FSU HC next yr he would have to be in booth and not on sidelines.
In honor of our 3rd anniversary on Twitter, can you guess our top 3 most distributed fresh produce items from the past year?
You never realize how offensive your music is until your parents are sitting in the passenger seat.
Back to sleep I go
Hey!
mind me asking where you and your bridesmaids got ready?
:
U.Va.
rowing team and mens soccer team honored for NCAA championships today at White House.
If you got an empty spot on your fantasy team, Fantasy Einstein says pick up Emmanuel Sanders, WR for the Steelers and stash him for a while
S/o to all my new followers....
Brek Shea39;s Blog: Trying to ignore the transfer rumors
40 pairs of boots just went out to the Front Range to help keep a bunch of 7th graders toes nice and cozy!
is that in phoenix?
when 's puppy is my background on my phone 
Definitely!
RT : All life is an experiment.
The more experiments you make, the better  Ralph Waldo Emerson.
You're allowed to marry your fucking cousins in certain states, some of which still have yet to legalize gay marriage lmao
just made this up well with the help of the real version:D Hope u guys like itill send this in the next one tweet
watching Nathan
YouTube is down.
What?
you win!
lol when have you ever texted me ?
I don't even have your number !
Who is Boy Howdy on the Brock and Salk show?
I think u and Boy Howdy are much better than Brock and Salk.
That's it.
You're out of the club.
It will be so awkward if I'm asked to join the war on women.
Especially if the opposition has strapon dildos.
We hope you can join us today at noon for Charlotte Silver's book talk on, Charlotte Au Chocolat: Memories of a Restaurant Girlhood.
CP3 won't allow a game 7.
Too good.
already on it!
Lol
Off to dinner with my wonderful wife!
Thanks for the encouragement!!
maybe they are Brewer's announcers.
Hm!
:
OMG i know!
i'm chewing her ass out on facebook though
what?
lol no u didn't I hit u back the last time.
My b but Im comin to cuthbert to vision next Friday.
I WISH I WAS AS SUCCESSFUL AS YOU
I'm going to spend all day listening to the listing of OPB affiliates on repeat.
2 Finals tomorrow  I feel like it's already break...not good.
Filner says he says no to further extortion of taxpayers to build a stadium.
RT : runs errands all over SF to prepare for the Cotillion on March 31st!
Couldn't have done it w/o awesome support from...
Osama bin Laden dead.
They're searching for someone who may have been part of a chase that ended behind Calvary in a self storage place.
: RT too many people are morons today  anyone know which of my tweets this morning was an attack on Christians?
none!
New phone!
Bout time
New Sheen shirts at gotbaals.com :
Thanks for the follow bro!
Scrabble night returns from a hiatus TOMORROW at 7pm.
Will we see you there?
should I stay or should I go?
Can anyone recall a more unlikable Boston team  from management right down to the players  than this Sox team?
I can't.
Let a great opportunity slip right through my hands!!
If life had a reset button like games did..
I'd eventually get away with robbing a bank
5am wake up is much nicer than a 5am bedtime.
It's nice to finally have a life again and be back on my daily regimen!
AAPT  WILL SEE DOLLAR LAND  Watch and learn :.
Big accumulation happening in the .03's  about to pop.
Called by me first at .0013!
Russell Westbrook actually looks like a grown up Russy from Runs House...
Use tools often?
Try this: avoid rusting tools by placing mothballs or silica packets in the toolbox to absorb moisture.
next up: Gopaldhara Wonder Tea from India.
The Ceylon OP left my mouth with a tannic residue.
Wonder Tea promises a cleaner finish.
you so cute!
Xo
Wyd: Followed :: follow me boo
Agreed.
She is the Paula Abdul of the Academy Awards.
Could they not get Rachel Zoe?!
I dun like it when older people come to me for relationship advice...
Um, you're 27...
I'm 20 0.0
Come see diary of a catholic school doctorpout sunday  6pm at the whitmore lindley theatre in north hollywood!
Last show!!!
Thank you.
will be requesting a meeting early next week to discuss all the new things we added in the past week.
At chocolate bar in cleveland.
They are out of mint...so no mojitos and no chocolate candy bars...The chocolate bar with no candy bars...IDK
FF Fellow Rice grad student, historian of material culture of Atlantic world, and good friend:
Welcome to Packer Nation!
Ted couldn't have made a better pick.
i mean was he serious?
too funny that was RT : Cowboys' Tashard Choice gets Philadelphia Eagles' Michael Vick autograph
My suggestion would be to walk away from the 90 who don't and join the 10 who do.
Jim Rohn...
I can't wait for your music video to come out :
What does not contain love must contain an illusion.
Gonna try that tomorrow am!
Thanks hun!
well technically, does anyone ever say it out loud?
It's mostly webspeak.
I myself have eschewed nada for the holiday.
to get followers tell them what they want to hear.
fannight ITS A GAME AGAIN!!!!
ROSE!
DENG!
what's a receiver?
Like what do they do?
It's so...
Every one in their last yr summer fits..
lmao
It just won't fit.
Waitress to me, when putting the togo top on my salad.
It is better to deserve honors and not have them than to have them and not deserve them.
Yes, a Great artist...and so talented!
Love her beautiful voice!
Can't believe The guys on Mike and Mike are rationalizing the bounty system the Saints had and they think it's part of the game
Already did, follow back
as a really amateur photographer who doesn't use photoshop etc, I set it to JPEG.
Learning as I go..
No one is a virgin life screws us all.
This is not a good message  don't open it!
We were hacked today!
So sorry.
What is the source of your quote about jurisdictional aspects of domain name regulation?
Looking for the best IDX solution for a real estate client website.
Prefer PHP.
thanks big man
The greatest challenge in life is to decide what's important and to disregard everything else.
Gone with the Chocolate
what's your WWF name?
I'm silversparrow
Cant wait to take my pictures next week
What do you think we'll be serving after the Deer Run?!
doctor Thunder, of course!
I see u boah
see iCare Family Health Services posting apply for provider positions in AZ to help consumers with disabilities.
early holiday shopping  every year this same weekend
I hope this means a San Francisco tour date coming soon!
You have got to go.
Great food.
Great bars.
And the people are so nice and interesting.
LOVE IT!
Thank you!
doctornking good coffee every day is success in our book!
Will you be in town for SXSW?
yw!
have a great weekend too!
caroline!!
i know, i feel we are kindoctord spirits!!
how is 1L?
do you feel more lawyerly since the last time i saw you?
I'm sure a nice, long massage would calm you down!
So if you just start on my shoulders
Houses specifically or apartments?
My complex is pretty safe.
.
.
but some people have said otherwise.
I like it.
P
RT : Get your money up .
Then y'all can beef by playing big bank take lil bank
Awww...I miss you friend!
How are you?!
and I know there's so much more to find, just in looking through myself and not at them...
Long day of work, work, work again, and then a work meting...trip to california please hurry
Everything, gone..
cause of that one person, cant even tell her i love you anymore ?
she doesnt know how hard that is too do
We're happy to welcome new PENCILPartner Levi Eichenstein of Congrats on your partnership at P.
811 K in BK!

Thank you for a wonderful event last night at The Palace Grocery in Santa Fe.
no ill doctorp it off can't you just bring it to school and give it to me?
Heard Netflix is losing the DVD portion of the company and just going streaming video.
This will be the end of netflix.
Better believe it
too bad, too b/c I might go meet Chi OMPF alum at a famous gay show tunes bar: Marie's Crisis.
Germany.
General Hooker like to doctornk, gamble  womanize.
Read all in GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan 2.99 Amazon/Kindle
LetsGoOs Jake is balling.
GO ORIOLES.
Miami Fade County
highschoolmemories dipping a tampon in doctorpepper and throwing it at the white board..
it stuck!!
; D
lots of food!!
Agreed.
Really enjoyed it.
Another confirmed TI Member to speak!
Thrilled to have Congresswoman Jean Schmidt speak again this year!
what do you play?!?!
Camp might have actually done that girl some good.
I'd give anything just to be by your side.
yeah.
Always!
If you like our backpacks, you'll definitely love Hound Comics!
Like their page on facebook, it would mean a lot to them and us.
1st day  my new job after not working 4 over 20 years I have a management job doin wat I luv 2 do God is good
Uhhmm...apparently this dance is the Derek show...
Preschool daughter's favorite road trip game: Mama, guess if I'm looking at you!
how's the baby doing?
Finding time to workout?
...meant learn more PHP and become better at it than chuck it and focus on Ruby from the ground up.
WTF!
Tami come on man you gotta do better lol
not yet, not exactly, but def losing that client.
Lightening up business people's day by singing TSwift to them in the lobby.
I am so going to heaven.
What was your most memorable part of Market Days and if you have outrageous pics, send them hehe.
The feeling you get when you understand something in math class..
Lizbeth, was that a hint?
Thanks!
: can collaborate as view only, edit  add only,  edit, add,  delete modes.
found under create.
Fathers day is coming up, ties are the perfect gift!
thesilktie.com
whitepeople s Lameassnigga tweets are funny.
Apple  genius, right?
So why cant I add a photo to an email I'm composing?
We have Siri but no inemail photo additions?
hahaha we thought you'd like that!!
Congrats to the Gotham All Stars!
yeah it was pretty much snow free January so can't complain.
I don't find the NFL doctorft boring.
opportunity is a given in life.
so tired :
can you send me the pictures?
The Pigs At The Trough.....who NEVER get enough!
Midden family is hilarious
yes.
Apes was great.
I got that same thing from the same number!
1 I see nothing wrong with pressuring Obama from left  expecting him to act like a Democrat in 2012 cc
1976, my bad.
You know it girl!
I'm too excited!
It's gonna be the best one yet!
happy dance
Bravo and Congratulations on opening a your art gallery.
Good luck at the opening tonight in Marina Del Rey, CA!
Looks like I've been hacked.
Sorry.
Aaauuuggghhh my sinuses!
IBM analytics technology helps with MS research  Health Imaging
Burma!
why'd you say Burma for?
I panicked.
that is the most amazing thing I've seen omg I'm so jelly!!!!
Ah
Happy bday to the most amazing awesomest coolest girl in the world
DAMN IT!!
I am still on Twitter follow limit.
Those bitches are doing this to me specifically, I mean come right, WTF here?
THOSE BASTARDS!
Just discovered Chocolove Cherries  Almonds in Dark Chocolate!!!!!
Simply Amazing!
my puppy :o
Excellent post!
Hourly rates tend to affect culture as well..
another harmful effect.
Hope you are doing great.

some chocolate 3
Traffic will be sumtin to look forward to when all cars r selfdoctorving.
Til then Ill continue regretting owning a manual transmission
So good to see the great doctorving the 98 car at Daytona.
It is going to be a big season!!
Aw, thanks.
You might want to follow toofellow NC'an, writes about culture and politics.
Hey just too say change your password the dm is a hacker.
Dont click on it hun!
OMG.
How big is that burger?
I feel sick just looking at it!
Tonight 6pm  Culbreth Theater: Engaging the Mind features 3 UVa professorssors discussing Civil Rights, Womens Rights and Human Rights.
thanks Harvey DM me real quick
If it feels good, your not doing it right.
Quicker path to the majors is Vitters.
To me Flores has to hit double digit HR this season  not sure he can.
I roll Vitters pal
I almost had a heart attack because I thought you followed me.,.
It wasn't you...
:
Good Morning!
Have a SuperSensational Saturday..............Spread Love
This is gonna be good..
what flowers do you have tattooed on your arm??
I'm just throwing this out there, but is or is not the crow's nest an overused codename for clandestine or secretive locations?
so what if Biden says...
smartass...good for him..just keeping it real and real people can't handle it!!!
Whatever
Which circle of hell is reserved for people who have the headsets and play video games online?
Don't invent in people what is not there.
lol I kno how he feels.
But when ever u wanna get better hit me up hopefu;;y u got ps3
We will be open on Sunday,regular hours.
I miss my puppy.
howdy y'all!
Just finished d of e  oww my feet
Thinking of starting a band called The Fat Bettys.
Brr.
Many fails today.
No umbrella.
Borrow someone else's.
Wind turned it inside out.
I'm very very wet anyway.
No more short walks in rain.
I try to block out time each week to spend away from work, even if it is during normal working hours.
oh no!
Why?
Dinner and doctornks at AND no work tomorrow?!
Life is so good!
A perfect way to start my weekend!
yeah.
For the Zappos Vibram video.
I truly think Marshall and Lilly are one of the cutest couples ever...
Enjoyed my baby 2nite
the smaller your thumbs the better your hands are for 10fingered typing.
I rarely use only my thumbs to type.
Dance History FactAmerican Dance  Screen LEGENDFred Astaire was born as Frederick Austerlitz on 5/10/1899 in Omaha NebVia
One day you'll realize you miss me But just remember you left me and I never said Bye.
3 Follow.?
RT.?:
bad karma
: looks like your talk was spectacular.
Wish I'd been there to meet you!
At the Villa Merced Valentine's Event.
Kick Up Season
Out to walk before the snow descends.
Awesome girls night out!
Mizzou wins!
Kids quiet in bed, on the couch w/Hermione watching A Fine Romance w/Judi Dench life is good.
On a quest for sushi....
non non
Umm I'm hungry...and I wANT SOMETHING GREESY
KEEP TRYING!
: official sponsor of AA
where the dmca was surgical, pipa and sopa are nuclear
follow me please thk :
If you're ever looking for a registered investment advisor to manage your 401, let us know.
Happy to refer you to a proven firm we trust.
Ugh today is going to be a long as fuck day!!
This game is frustrating me.
:O
my favs r I love u death, ghostride the whip and whatcha gonna do with it.
:D U?
the message!
my secret?
i adopted this thing pretty early.
and sometimes I say clever things to celebrities.
Snuggling with my puppy!
Time for some sleep!
just wait and see!
Me and my bestfrenn conversation right now 
You are rubbing in the i'm in NOLA and you are not
it's gonna be so freakin' hot for pants and boots tho, thank god there isn't a doctorss code.
Make it werk!!
To the people who have hired me, and not flaked, I wholeheartedly thank you.
I also have potato soup.
SOUP SOLIDARITY!
Going to be in the 80's next week!
OKC Balln on dem bitches,,,,, K.D fa M.V.P!
well, I'll stay in Long Beach, from there it takes only 40mins to the innercity of LA :
NYTM ...in the clever words of the CartoDB founder himself SQL API is a real man's API
awkward moment when your dog is staring at you when your eatting o.0
Google yellow cake
was going to write my commitment to the next book, but felt compelled to do 4 rewrites of the commitment.
OMG, OCD?
Nah, just picky.
The puppies  kitties are whining Happy Mother's Day at me.
LOL
Anybody know anything about , the Association of California Insurance Companies?
Want to do better with my money.
If you're white and don't know your privilege, then damn son.
Open your eyes son.
Limiting access to advance study in the humanities is not the way to improve the job market in the humanities, says Berman.
I love S.A.
so much I wish you were here!
Training's still underconstruction lol...

QUESTION: How many times have you been sued?
Or threatened to be sued?
It's for a paper..
Having a doctornk at M Bar followed by a birthday dinner at Asana
now if someone could sell patience in a box they would b on to something!
ek
yes yes yes :
kill it on Soundcheck tonight.
Hug for me.
My friend Kevin's her guitar tech...
My mouth is seminumb after going to Jamba Juice.
I'm slurring all my speech now.
Every day I network to begin the launch of homelessdogmusic.com Please submit new music.
Elton John claims that today's music is uninspiring and boring.
Do you agree?
Since it looks like the post got cutoff.
The saws are discounted to 900.
email: for details.
thanx!
It was exciting!!!
dj its lying not lieing learn to spell
FOOD ALLERGY ALERT Undeclared Milk in Certain RED SQUARE brand ENERGY COOKIES
you're at dade??
1of2: Just curious if anyone knows if I enter invention ideas into a Search box to find out if there is already something made by someone,
Anyone with twitter follow us /arvrclothing DEF need to beef up followers!
lol
what r u doin on Twitter in class
Good morning everyone!
Jason Bay is a good guy...but Kirk N., Scott I have no Hairston, and Lucas Duda are productive OF!
oh and Torres!
I wanna meet some new people, I'm getting sick of seeing the same ones all the time
Join us and make a rainbow hat with a pot of gold for St.
Patrick's Day at the River Park Branch on March 15th at 6pm.
For ages 4 and up.
: I dont even knoe wdf a demerit actually means !?
A step in a discipline plan.
Lol!

Yo Mark!
It's been a long time!
Lets catch up Bro!
Our next NOLA swap will be in March or April.
I'll be sure to share the exact date once it's confirmed!
Well, the NFL playoffs will occupy a January Saturday.
I'll settle for 740 on a Thursday or Friday.
;
OMG KEKE ALWAYS SMELL LIKE BABYPOWERD 
Wuzup chick!!
Thunder ..
lol j/k
suuuuppperrrrrr proud of myself though .
to be fair, I started following you last summer at Kei's suggestion :
Chi town traffic is insane today!
Top Dunks of the Week
just heard Sidney Crosby was finally cleared for full contact, Congrats Sid, you're one step closer to being back
It's pho time.
Indubitably.
have one on me.
how often do you smoke cigars?
Free Handson Kids activity Thursday 4  5 p.m.
at the Brevard Art Museum.
No registration required.
Ages 3 and up.
Try beating it in total silence sometime...
congratulations!
So proud!
Best of luck to you !
:D 
Hoping to have a torrid love affair with the sun today...
Looking forward to TheVoice Live shows tonight
Hey, could you tweet your fans about joining your street team?
Starting fresh deleting inactive members, making new group.
Is repression necessary?
what's the MGM invitational challenge thing the winner gets ?
you've got a picture!
Love it!
Had to wait a long time.
Hope it's worth it.
RT RT BHG okay, wow.
s'mores shut up the whole table.
all you can hear is 'nom nom nom'.
Heading to the ms50 start in a cool light doctorzzle
I don't think folks realize how big a hit that was for the Nats, Sammy.
The staff could miss him.
Big time.
luminariasa Fun!
Great people  art.
Only complaint is the less than artistic beer selection

that was awesome man, thanks for posting it
today seems like a perfect day for a massage and pedicure....:
I'm hungry and Bored
If you want to know what you are committed to, take a look at the results in your life.
My legs hurt like a bitch.
sureal art is pretty cool XD
hahah I don't know if im good enough to be giving out pointers but ill be happy to help if I can...and doctornk some beers w/you!
Trying to eat as much pasta as humanly possible before the rooster weight loss challenge.
Pasta, I will miss you
: what is that in your twitcon?
It's beautiful oo a Hoyes Oil Rig!
Comes with nail, dome, dish,  dabber.
We do those too.
Send us an email at or .
Or send us your email and we'll follow up
tomorrow im gonna try and aim for getting 10000 points on App Trailers!
I WANT THAT ITUNES CARDD!!!
is loving SXSW!
One more day left...
rockinyourhealth Come see us in booth 1339!!
We are praying for you tonight at our service.
Blessings man of God!
that moment in the conversation where u realize oh wait, ok.
i'm never going to ever talk to you again.
like this is our last conversation
Seminar with Susanne Lundin talking about the commodification of bodies and body parts as an extension of the global economy.
yes let's do it.
i live right up the street from your office.
what do you want to study?
TwitterCypher im the hottest up and comin, hundoctord miles and runnin, kid bright like the smart guy, but still go the dumbest
Thanks!
Green tea could be the best energy doctornk.
A quick yoga session really helped me today.
Agree RT : He deserved it.
I want to punch Marc Davis in the face, but Rondo deserved it.
Anyone ever notice how awkwardly spelled 'awkward' is?
I love it when words perfectly represent their concept.
This IS a good day!
Do it more often.
: Here's what I did today: Slept in.
Ate a pop tart.
Read fashion, gossip and cooking
Maybe this world is another planet's hell.
Aldous Huxley
come back to chicago / i remember the first time i saw you at the House of Blues :D
Enjoying this coffee to the fullest before a long day of work!
Johnny Damon.
Please help extend this Indians winning streak.
is editing video, and combing through some audio..putting together stuff for our loyal listeners/fan base
I do not want to be at work right now.
And Im working a double fml
that's what we're having  my house!
omg i shit myself i was like WHAT how do you know what top im wearing!
im wearing a justin one right now ahha but what top ?
Hey Jon Just checking in  how did you like the Designing for Reusability 2.0 webinar?
You are lucky maybe that is why you have such a good view of life!
I bet you help them as well!
So...
what are you doing tonight?
;
Pdx winterhawks are our only hope
Thanks Roger for sharing Amy's blog with your followers!
Hope you're having an awesome Tuesday :
RT : Suicide isn't cowardly, wanna know what's cowardly?
Treating someone so bad that they want to end their life.
yes, I believe it does!
Anyone know of any ASL interpreters?
DM me if you know of any leads, I need one tonight.
Haha nah.
Just some heroine.
No big deal.
Opening this weekend!!
Make your reservations!
4145027368 80 degrees!
New servers, New huts, New cocktails, New food options!
For a second I thought that was directed at me and I was all WHAT??REALLY??
then I was all Oh..not me D
Ready to go
I wld pay my boss 100 to let me sleep for the rest of my shift right now I swear
Thanks for the A CITY OF BROKEN GLASS giveaway RTs!
good one!
This stupid bipolar Florida weather....
now I want cake too :
Come pick up your free Grizz headband all day today  FedExForum.
Gettin down to Grizzness
I'm not gonna..
its alright.
No naggy customers..
get payd more.
I can actually do overtime.
Lol its prettt chilld.
I love this!!
What would you guys do if I told you I was one of the boys?
Just wondering..
:
It's raining
Atty Gen Jim Hood is not a fan of Barbour.
Said he ran the state like Boss Hog.
: elderly Indian woman sitting next to me at the Marriot bar says Wade is very good.
I think Miami wins tonight.
And how, lady.
I hate having to start conversations first.
RAGE RT RT : On 4/12, Twins scored 10 vs the Angels.
Today is their second highest scoring game this year.
No distrust made him waver concerning the promise of God...fully convinced that God was able to do what he had promised.
Rom 4:2021
Damn!
Barton of QPR is a thug and a half!
There's just one life to live and there's no time to waste.
jealous lol have fun bro
Hey Rocio!
Next time you're near 4th/Boyle or MariachiPlaza, stop by for a tour!
Bookzilla was exhausting yesterday...
but of course I'm back for more today.
Heading out to see Edward Hirsch.
gosh, that's a tour made in heaven.
Come to NASHVILLE!
Great piece tonight on All Access at 10:35 on w about 
Three more finals to go summer is approaching:
WI Wear Clothing company Will be here soon!!!!!
New low: Looking in my purse and seeing my TV remote
this is getting absurd.
the holidays have broken and i apart.
we need to get back to where we were two months ago.
very welcome.
Holla anytime.
totally in love with Walter.
Have rescued three strays myself and they add nothing but 3 3 3 to my life.
What an angel!
Packaging makes a difference in family activities: fancier packages  more perceived importance.
Hi, I'm a Wantit.
Wish me luck guys I'm home...
you act like you are doing so much for the troops when you are just giving them nothing but undercard fights
only a thought  my brother's firm went from full IT Dept to one parttimer.
Depend on his model of course
Wisdom out the ass
Already exhausted!
And this weekend with guests at home is officially starting today!
Thank god I bought some wine!
I'm talking with a chauffeur
lol I saw it !
WorstFeeling forgetting any symbol included with a  makes it nonsearching ;
Jesus paid the price for us, But you have to pay your tickets lol
women who make the money  women who spend the money
I hate when ur friends post all over thier professorle how much they love ur bf
I'm still waiting for this game to turn into a Yankees Classic.
Chicago friends, check out Chitown transit inspired tees!
Happy to help
Listening to David Sedaris live in Rochester.
Hilarious!
Played hip hop and top 40s garbage a few years ago, opens for house legends today, that's the epitome of local politics gone wrong.
so far my classes suck but I'm hoping they get better
But im back doe
but what did POTUS order?
Callowhill, right?
we have dc weather.
70 and little/no humidity.
The sincerity of this family is so pure.
True happiness is so apperent and it fills the air with love and everlasting hope.
What groupfriendly attraction do you like in Milwaukee?
Tweet us at
The single greatest World Series game I have ever seen in my life..
Seriously NBA Playoffs just need to start
I'm so sorry, but now I have to steam clean the coffee I split out while laughing so hard at that tweet.
come to Miami c'mon son
It is good to see JamesHarden playing again.
Morning all its friday lets have a great n blessed day
I can tell : I'm bored
Off to school now, guys!
:.
Nuggets making mincemeat of the Lakers.
Go Denver!
I'm talking about Amile Jefferson committing to Kentucky
You too, again thank you!
Pinterest users say they're afraid to pin products b/c they're afraid they'll sell out before they're able to buy them.
New Jersey tomorrow.
I have a friend that says Arthuritis instead of arthritis.
It makes me giggle.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
Church went great!!!!
am learning to embrace Halloween; does not come naturally!
Awesome song m/
Would be happy for him?
I don't wanna.
The team keeps getting stronger everybody welcome to Tuesday nights 7pm9pm
RT : that's why internal SoMe space is needed.
realwplearn Absolutely.
Just meant where you go is defined by what you need
i'm too much of a perfectionist for life.
Thats awesome!
: Someone told me they started reading books again because of me.
That made my day.
I am a content deliverable
so I forgot to put nail polish on both hands.
carefully applied three coats.
looks bomb.
just one hand though.
on Fox has been awesome so far!
Another TKO!
Belcher is a beast
Tag March for Babies on Facebook, and have 10 friends like your status and you could win a March of Dimes bag!
follow me back I 3 UR family and your show u guys r amazing!!333 :xoxooxxoxoxo
Keep an eye on your inboxes.
Details of our next events will be there soon.
Revenge of the Inge
: The U.S.
involvement in Libya as a precursor for future involvement in M.E.
nations, such as Yemen and Syria.
Take a pledge to stop rape in conflict.
Upload a photo or video with your pledge and include the hashtag
may your pampering go well :
ice on our street...we are in 38119 by Hutchison and Lausanne.
What about Lausanne???
Open?
Closed?
Thanks!
don't thank me I love u give me 1 reason why I won't follow my Idol ..!!!
Going grocery shopping!
3
The Artist's dudes wife with the camera phone realizes this is being filmed right.
Doing new headshots today with my friend Envelopes looking like some good shots.
yeah I'm thinking of the blanket or a water bottle humidifier...thinking about it, blanket's probably better
RT : Q5What activities could you design or structure to ensure that learning is more of a stream than an event?
lrnchat Godd ?
Hm
promo me 30x amd i will 30x
like I'm God here we go lol.
The best memories come from bad ideas!.
thanks for the kind words, come doctornk some riesling!
talkin about how u need a woman...lol..
silly...
no one needs..
they want
That was overconfidence or sheer ignorance.
We had never even held a Commonwealth or PanAmercan Games, We were behind other
.
and I are creating Fridays after 5 bingo cards for silly fun.
What are you likely to spot on the DT Mall?
I'm back and want to share some of the crazy dating adventures I've had via Craigslist.
NEW email..make a note ...thx
Great Wall of Mars, Grafenwalder's Bestiary, Weather, A Spy in Europa
your commercials tonight are comparably louder than the tv show I was watching.
haha.
noo.
your taking my last tweet wrong.
I thought it was funny how y'all already knew he was about to start something.
How many miles is the monorail system at Disney World?
First correct tweet wins a pair of tickets to the November 13 performance of...
Looking to network with Modeling Agencies and Record Labels for our Organization.
Hit me up!
just so confused about our relationship .
Nice flop, Steve Blake.
Somewhere Anderson Varajeo is golfclapping.
Poor can't BUY a call.
at the hospital with my grandpa ...
hoping today won't be his last day...
:'
Just a heads up: Henderson Libraries will be closed this coming Saturday, Sunday and Monday in observance of the Christmas holiday.
Oh this Man City game is unrral
The typeoriented contents pages organize material with similar characteristics and formats, usually by topic
so Magan Fox is out of Transformer 3
I feel like absolute shit, have a doctor appointment in 10 minutes.....I fear I will have to sit there foreva.
I just miss what I had, I'd rather go threw hard times with than without.
My heart is full and I just wanna spill out what its full of.
If you tell people where to go, but not how to get there, you'll be amazed at the results.
George S.
Patton
it's a well known hazard of outdoor nightiewearing.
not that i'm trying to dissuade you
Every great opportunity is not a God opportunity!
Thank you for militarymon mention!
FF who is strangely obsessed with Horses and eBooks judging from his post but must be a decent dude.
It appears it has been.
We'll be sure to keep you updated on new postings from !
One good thing about Sharia...Metal thieves would lose a hand!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt
rocks.
Now going home.
See you at Tap by one.
First round is on me.
Quick Hits: Usability Problems Hurt Do Not Track  Technology In today's Quick Hits, we talk about the effectiveness of Int
Many THANKS to all the volunteers from and and for coming out to our Dog Days event!
RT : Need some more followers from the hood....TeamHillDistrict where tf yall at?
I can understand that
Every Woman has a Breaking Point yall
Math SMH why do we even have math?!?!!!
TweetDeck on the iPhone or Desktop?
when are you going to crickets?
Via
Whew, I'm back at school and working on my prospectus after a long hiatus.
Working on my rhetoric, techn, and DH paper, I got an idea for a paper about Twitter where Twitter is considered a category of thought.
reaching in isn't a foul, it's just good defense
Rep.
Ted Poe says on House floor that EPA should be renamed The War Dept.
Probably not going to happen.
SXSWi is right around the corner!
is gearing up for a good time in Austin.
Come see us, booth 1339!
New website up and invites your presence, now: www.sullivanstpress.com
You guys want to go see Book of Mormon with us?
Early Monday morning dabs of Cotton Candy Kush Wax.
Irie!!!
Make sure to doctornk some tonight to avoid being hungover for reading day tomorrow...
did you survive carmageddon?
:
no.
Just giving folks who follow areas by the District number.
He is at his home in frankfort this weekend!
But when you're a nervous wreck, you can doctornk, so I'M jealous.
4.
OKAY to shout mean things at the opposing team.
NOT OKAY to be mean to anyone else.
Good morning.
Had a heck of a weekend...back to life back to reality...
Camera's face recognition detected the faces on some of our prints.
Can't decide if that's impressive software or amazing print work...
Devil's Playground decent movie, though they tried to doctorve it with a plot, not a bad thing, just was expecting a more typical zombie flick
Alright tweeps need ur help.
Want to buy a horse farm in the Clinton/ New Franklin area
Feeling lonely?
Know that your best friend is with you.....
God!
x

insert Obama's name where Cains is and see how that sounds
Have an ARTtastic weekend in PGH, everyone!
Access, PowerPoint, Word  Excel: you use them every day, but are you an expert?
A 1day course could change your work life!
Great article.
I think that is the 1st time we've ever heard Vin Scully personally align himself with the home team, referring to Ethier as our hitter
Follow me?3
I was saying at work
Hey there!
Let's see your tweets!
Ready to hear Jason Griffey speak about the Future of Tech.
Tried to, to many moving parts and it's about horse racing which is a lull most of the year anyway.
Got into House of Lies.
When adding media, thinking about if it will help the learner
Interior/Exterior painting experts.
Call a contractor you can trust misterD's painting Con.
Lic 630616 www.misterspainting.com
Probably should have bought life insurance instead!
;
Yes mam' I did.
we hope you feel better
FF His and her shopping
your the only acception !
just as long as he doesn't poke you in person you're ok
Been there so I know how you feel.
Never did receive that email though.
Are we REALLY chillin at 399?
1 person go sub!
You could win mass effect 2 for the 360!
youtube.com/michaelandnatetv
I just realized, I have no one to tell corny jokes to anymore :O
Walking around in my cap.
Shit.
that's right....and yes it was amazing
I have been surprisingly productive today!
Happy Friday!
Going to see Tower Heist this evening for dinner and a movie friday with Tom.
Thanks for the Retweet!
i kissed a 7th grader on the neck tonight
You without me is like cornflakes without the MILK!
I think so too!
I hope it turns out the way I think it should.
:
Goodbye, hero.
did you end up resolving your Fusion Tables KML to GeoCommons issue?
sorry we didn't see it before
you are welcome; have a great weekend
We would love to come on your show.
Talking about the most advance Gps unit in the world..
thanks for following.
I noticed that you have 3 locations.
Would you like to find out how to make 200 extra sales per month?
Whatever..hey are you ignoring me?
uknowubrokewhen u ask sumbody to borrow bus fare to go ask for a loan lol
many people have called me very bad names because my Twitter account is i only got it becuz they didn't want it!
It's amazing how my simple smile can hide all of my confusing questions,.
it was also nice seeing you:
you need a pic of some kind!
Get rid of the egg.
oh you know, trevor got zach to grind on me..
your words of advice to ladies is bad advice.
Leave before looking elsewhere if she is not giving u what u need  vice versa.
Get too close and you can be burned.
Asian Carp for dinner?
Just finished a meal of Asian carp spaghetti, tacos, chili and even hot dogs.
It was surprisingly good.
she all trying to get me looking a mess, and then she going to put it on instagram.
Hm what toy aisle category would a Slinky be on?
the brownies actually tasted amazing.
ImThatPersonWho won't give two fucks about you unless your with me..
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
Pablo Picasso
thanks for the follow  interesting stuff on your timeline!
Will watch out for your tweets :
Will there ever be another band as awesome as Subtle?
Docs are so afraid of malpractice and are coerced to prescribe doctorgs...
i really enjoy financesthe whole budgeting, saving, earning something after you savedits rewarding to have discipline in that area
leavin in tha mornin to go to myrtle les get it
an online course in ruby, hosted on a site written in php.
hm...
she's the one asleep on a toilet seat with the end of her tail dangling in the water
The library opens at 7:30am.
Awesome!
I loved it!
:
Thank you to all the moms and dads who came over to work on the crafts!!!!
The girls are gonna LOVE them!!
I've changed my handle!
Living dangerously...using my first and last name :
techtuesday How do we begin to support this information selection in kids, without taking away their curiosity?
How can you be tired?
One Direction's on SNL!
Trying to hold my composure
Mind keeps running endlessly like centipede
Thanks Daniel
Miller: worldView identify collections  build new viewspersonal collection management.
Eg display on timelines and embed into apps
this is sha'meek president of FLE and 2originals manager..having an hard time contacting u on FB, are u locked off?
Yes!
Please send them!
I should be working on it tomorrow afternoon.
the say 'people lear from mistakes' soo put my in as the mistake :
My portfolio looks so good :
hey it's my sisters bday, can you PLEASE wish her a happy bday?
Great to see while I'm back in Omaha!
I think we're seeing the last of Ron Paul
where are you??
yeah!
maybe
I love big daddy!!
; haha
and see there you have 5200 and you responded.
Thank you and thank your dad for me.
Great show and awesome cast.
I can't wait to clean the bathroom tomorrow.
It's going to be awesome.
Khaleej Times Sport  tennis
RT : It's the last day of Super Double coupons Go use them!
I saved 33 and I'm not even a dedicated couponer!
Don't tell me no.
What would your view of love be like without the influence of society and media???
Hm.....
I bet u would recognize them when u saw them
At the Green Bay Polar Plunge 2day.Ready 2 jump 4 Team
where's Tanner?
they don't actually engage better then reg schools on a whole.
Some are good, but choice is silver bullet that harms kids.
but im still
I have to remind myself that really good people can be blinded by lack of knowledge and personal experience.
i felt that guy got a raw deal.
i hope he is released.
I don't mind doctorving on toll roads, but I don't think I should have to see billboards every 500 feet when doing it.
Hey do you remember insulting at Sundance?
What a wanker, lol.
But Judd is bloody awesome.
Good times!
Cheers!
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza!!!
Any 14in pizza, any toppings just 12 !
Saturday Only
I wanted to get my master's, it was in my plans!
No longer...
Why does Trimet dispatch 1car trains at rush hour?!
Public Safety mtg 10 a.m.
Council will discuss recent findings of fire dept audit.
Do you happen to have a web site that I could check out?
Yeah, I'm leaving at 2am.
Got accepted to school there, job pays better, and closer to Ty
There should be a minimum glitter requirement for Broadway productions 
gonna go to my boyfriends baseball game :D excited
wow lol how are you
I learned some important life lessons tonight I can play guitar with stitches, life isn't as bad as I make it out to be
Once you get on the Cain Train, you never get off.
Horror movie tagline or presidential campaign slogan?
We're still watching a movie in geometry so I don't have to go to tutoring 
lol seriously!?
Wish I was there to see Crazy for You!
Love you.
Also, LARDY PARTY
Police: Junior Seau found dead at California home
Ryan Braun's suspension was overturned, and Woody Allen is nominated for 2 Oscars.
Take that Hitler.
I'm not a businessman.
I'm a business, man.
JayZ
The John Edwards sex tape is being destroyed.
Ah man, I was just looking forward to never watching it
Yay!
We're a winner at !
Voted Best of Remodeling in the Design category!
Thanks ya'll!
I saw your letter from a college in Wyoming!
Hahah
craigslist man.
Good deals on there
crying i wish i was at right now :
Can we get 3on34Niebs trending.
Can you give a shout out to your followers?
We've got money to raise!
: Thanks so much
in your doctorams sharpening guru?
Seriously?
Have not seen a single scissor that even gets close to mine new website coming
i want to recaptainre the surrealness of the doctoram i had last night where solid mass became liquid and cactus flowers danced and shared wisdom
aye brah phone died but just park in the front of the complex , were headed there now
Butt In The Meantime
We need to get her flipping tires too SE!
that was mean!
freakishlytall gotta love being small!
Right, ?
We are working on my new website today!
Is anyone interested in a sneak peak!?
6.
Studies suggest there may be a link between gum disease  cardiovascular disease.
Brushing  flossing teeth helps ward off gum disease.
...not to mention time riding your new bike!
I just said the same thing to my husband!
He obviously doctornk some crazy juice!
I wonder how ERB would take this anthology.
How do authors usually react when someone else writes their characters?
none of the above?
This medium is very facilitative of misreads

Love the artwork on your site!
I will make you tap.
It's all about dabbin some of this bomb OG Honeycomb wax from Green Dove.
irie!!!
The reason the grass looks greener on the other side is bc u cant c the poop from where u r!
Anyone know a good resource for online book groups?
I'd like to start a private one for long distance family.
yeah, there are a few highlights, but I think it's better to take advantage of the empty restaurants this weekend
Danger Danger
Anyone going to spac DMB on Saturday the 9th from roc?
That I can carpool with?
we had a lil BBQ today, and chillin safely on the couch now.
I'm old.
Awesome...Mike is great!
Dammit!
Brewers, you got um next game!!
That's what you're all about!
Congratulations!
I'll try not to ask you too many questions for your next column.
omfg, is this the icecream truck or am i doctoraming....
yea den we can go on our piercing date lol
doctorw puts Lakers up 7.
Get 1 of 2 on the road then handle business at home.
I agree MLB legends are born in October
Final four games today!!
NCAA Championship Monday.
Basketball fans unite!!
Watch all the games with us.
Me too!
lol Come by sometime when you get a break from work!
But I still can't SEE you....
it's fun haha
who was your favorite diva or superstar growing up who inspired you to be a wwe diva
shit idc he can bring some dayum chinesse food for all care shoot he not gonna get far imma be like this my girl bruh!
what it do!!!
Qsex?
with me?
Atahahahahaa.
not no.
HELL no.
Lol RT : : Huge show that day , whats going on man?
How u been RT : may 24thdamn Donnie you ...
The diabolical violin teacher has figured out a way to make the child practice everyday.
Oh goody.
So cute a screechy at the same time.
So salt, no more Mo for my Yanks..
They'll still reach the AL Championship atleast.
If you wont say it in the streets, don't say it in your tweets.
That's how ethugs get introduced to beef.
Just finished a new ring design.
Pics soon.
buttons?
Gumdoctorps?
woke up early !
At a Secret Panda Society concert, not sure about the music but they got panda hats on so they get my approval
I have reached the point where all my edits are in and it's time to forge ahead with the actual
Santorum  worse debate performance possible.
Terrible.
All i care about is money and the city i wish i was from.
I can't even act like I didn't just spend 10 at
in what manner?
I moved here in1995...
I want a Unicorn towel and pillow pet.
Is there something wrong with me?
Rain, Rain, Rain....which means you are in need of new Rain Cosmetics stop in today!
A 5k on my lunch hour.
Suck it, cold virus.
i feel like im in a oldies kinda mood :
See you at the Hyatt in 20!
Coffee is NOT included with the mug!
Developers didn't say this anywhere.
1 star
Celebrating another anniversary today2nd anniversary of ACA passagepreventative and affordable healthcare for women!
I believe it's true that today a large percentage of people just want to be a victim.
Thanks, really would appreciate that!
I want you but don't need you
Definelty tanning when I get home
I wonder if we didnt have music, what would the world be like...hm, i think boring as f
Back at Atsides today 112:30 stop by mention Twitter or Facebook and get 1 off Konezee is King
KFC sounds good right now.:
RT : Men are so effin retarded and get on my nerves!
all nighters with , part two!
Thanks for the follow!
Did you get Samantha's entry for your photo contest?
Meeting NOW in Middleton, 4th floor presentation room.
chillin with my friends what bout u
Who is at Passion???
time to do part 2 !
same just watchn the celtics game .
welcome to BMORE.
You'll see me at MT rocking Crimson Tide  Mt Cody jersey!
occasionally on a workfromhomeday I catch fire and write until exhausted.
today was not one of those days.
i blame the twitter.
Ugh..work is SO boring today..
:/
US Ed reform is confusing many.
is developing ondemand ED.Great insight  project.is this the future?
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.
Flora Whittemore
The clave will never go out of style.
From The Band to , it's so good!
but may have got eaten by cats this week, i haven't talked to him.
Not sure if this is news but heard that Kathleen Falk likely will be running for Governor..not happy about it.
What a performance from doctorver on DWTS!
Who agrees that he should have received a 30?!
we shall soon find out lol, will be making my way to SD the end of the month for a weekend!
I'll hit u up!
that's actually kind of tempting...hm...
Yup, I read that last night.
Good!
Time to download every country song possible for summer car rides  concerts?
yep.
same here...bout to go ham watchout
Where's your man at now?
good!!
how r you?
Thanks Eileen!
We appreciate the feedback.
If you get the chance, show us to some of your friends :
: 4 students AND TEACHERS: The righteous person faces many troubles,but the LORD comes 2 the rescue each time.Psalm 34:19
There are lots of potential upsets this week.
I think Arizona State could easily beat Missouri at home on Monday
: Studies suggest that girls/women are more attracted to someone who can make them laugh.
AGirlJustWants so true 3
Over time again...
Gabon, Botswana, Tunisia, and Kenya lead the way in mobile penetration in Africa
Brewski's then ferrell's on a Sunday in fayettevillear, there is nothing better!
Both places:great booze, great prices!
Victim of surrogacy scheme calls defendant, Carla Chambers, a greedy con artist who shopped babies to highest bidder
Romance tip of the week :The next time you are at a store your mate likes, pick up something for him or her for absolutely no reason.
Today is the big day!
Wake up and time to root for the  !
sunshine
Dog like.
I cant even understand why u jus came at me like that..
Are you going on an expedition?
I flew in one of those from Boston to Bangor, but without the clear blue skies.
Enjoy ;
It's the worst!
RT : I dont go shopping.
I go buying.
If you have to try it on, then you dont want it
I'm exhausted from all that burning and shooting people I did last night.
Thanks for having doctor Dave speak on energy efficiency/being green at the breakfast yesterday morning!
What a fantastic group!
i want fried chicken /:
glad yous alive.
Well, you have certainly peaked my interest.
Really looking forward to tomorrow.
See you then.
Watch out march madness here come the Jugadores!
2012 features Shalaw on the cover!!
fcc allowed cable cos to strangle it
hm I can't wait to watch the game!
Merry Christmas and happy holidays from all of us at SHDC!
thank you 
WRESTLEMANIA28 was epic but is still running the show
I'm seeing The Ultimate Bruce Sterling Talk at SXSW 2012.
Hey Matt, any thoughts on Doyels column proclaiming UK will dominate every year.
Seth hid my frappe.
Dick.
I know Vegas blackjack players want some cameraderie but lady, I'm not rooting for your 15 doubledown to win.
BostBizBootcamp thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
When the fuck did Adam LaRoche start hitting in the months of April and May?
wishes you an amazing weekend as well!
Haha do you say eh at the end of all your sentences?
Lol and I have a friend from canada.
Well imma go..
I have surgery in tha morning
Itz No Such Thing As Part Time Hustlin.....Get Yo Mind Right!!
When it rains it pours.
Gotta get the rest of my stuff up out this apartment then no more doctorma
You should be able to store your things w/out worrying about damage or security.
Your stuff is safe with us.
don't wanna kick it with you Justin!
Haha
Being heartless is the only option left
I haven't emailed my CSE lab partner with an email addoctorss linked to my Facebook account, so I can't imagine how they suggested him!
THINGS THAT I REALLY DO: Flush toilets with motion sensors on them by waving my arms like a wizard.
Josh smith's gettin traded for such a weak shot
: I has the exact change in my pocket, but I was too high to speak.
stonerjewproblems
I never thought I'd be the household without toilet paper.
Looks like I'm holding it :/
Broasted Chicken has been very popular this week, so let's do it again.
1 off buckets today.
thanks!
We can't wait to wear them for Pride.
You got me lifted shifted higher than a ceiling And ooh wee it's the ultimate feeling You got me lifted feeling so gifted ...
ReEntry is an opportunity for us to come together, discuss plans for moving program goals fwd  prepping stdnts to adjust to life at home.
life to short to be sad for so long
I'm scaring people because I'm so angry.
Me equivoque, dos.
RT : I can speak 2; English and Spanisha little French, Italian, and Navi.
LOL.
ZS
MacBook Ultrabooks to MacBook Air: Time to step up your game
Update: The court has temporarily lost the case file.
No big deal.
Yes!
Discover ur TRUE self!
Ur right!
RT: ...you are not who you think you are...you are actually more and better...
Thank you for following me!
I will follow you as soon as i get off of following limit.
xox
Beary Basic hooded towel sets make wonderful baby gifts.
Wash mitt and rubbery ducky included!
Splish Splash!!
A kik message saying Hey Beautiful.
Any chance Carmelo Anthony is traded?
thanks so much for your RT today!
Happy Thursday!
This morning is going to be a morning on my way to the Chocolate Blues Fest.
doctornking free RedBull all day keeps the mind sharp and receptive to innovative ideas
Missed you at SXSW!
Maybe next time!
Philippe Hersant has a couple of great pieces  Niggun and Hopi.
Can you run for office and effectively do your job as a congressman's top aide?
Steve Danon's opponents don't think so.
Story soon.
RIP Facebook ?
What is this even all about anyways..
Bfast, lunch, nd dinner consist of these cough doctorps.
Great, thanks for the tip!
if you can donate an instrument please send to : Music Team SF MofT Attn: Seth Mausner 791 Myra Way San Francisco, CA 94127
Well you'll just have to come back!
We have our HomaGrown showcase going on tonight.
Watching Andoctora Mitchell Reports with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Waking up in time for the House retirement speeches, one of my favorite parts  the awkward man hugs among mnleg colleagues
Did you guys invite the doctorvers to the game?
Designer Diamond Engagement Rings
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind....
This is one of those moments I miss the Minneapolis skyway.
Where are all the takeaway options in downtown san diego?
likewise...bout to call it a night.
got work early In morning
Dudley Moore was considered for the role of Doc Brown on Back to the Future.
Interesting.....
It was, but John being so hilarious is what makes it so great.
Never gets old.
Hey followers watchin south park but was wondering
Its supposed to be gorgeous today.
its gonna be 69 degrees later; yay!
Let's go UK Wildcats!
Beat LSU !
when I tell you how I felt, I expected way diffrent.
yeah im special to ya now.
smfh!
Media discussions coming to mobile apps.
Hooray!
WeBeGreater.com TShirt sales party  Aventine aventinesf.com today from 5pm.
Buy a t  you could win tix to Sunday's game
Gah so early.
Well good morning anyway!
Hope you all have a great day!
Uniqlo has not called me back.
Hopefully the other 2 places I applied to, hire me soon.
New followers
i agree.
975 is the number tonight on
RT : Great persons aren't accidents!
They are results!!!
Make It Your Moment!
I just gave the maintenance guy a Reese's.
It's called selflessness.
Or disgust with peanut butter, whichever way you want to look at it.
Thanks Katy!!
Much appreciated!
u got too much joy to grill!!!
Comon saints hold on only 1min 30seconds your can win!!!!
you are amazing and don't you dare let anybody tell you different.:3
its cool love but goodmornin :
Myrtle Lawrence of Wellsville just qualified for FroggyFlyaway to
Greinke ondeck.
Where so many hours have been spent in convincing myself that I am right, is there not some reason to fear I may be wrong?
Jane Austen
RT : It's difficult to follow your doctoram.
It's a tragedy not to.
awesome!
I just want to make quality movies that are remembered
Is Twitter messed up?
Won't let me add anyone!
Congrats to all the Grammy winners!
www.gailboyd.com
It is only in the act of nursing that a woman realizes her motherhood in a visible  tangible fashion.
Honore de Balzac
I love that!
Good job
lo idk its been a while since i been on and i come to a mention that i never text u back..??
iusedtothink showing up late to class was cool.
Hope you are doing great!
I just saw some old pics when you came to WGCI in Chicago like 15 years ago!
And you with yours!
Yes!
My parents were married in Logan, UT, and my grandma grew up there.
So you're pointing to the Galaxy reserve team guys who are rarely in the 18 to prove a point that LA are getting younger?
Certainly!
Enjoyed conversing.
Maybe mister Weber will lend his interpretation as well.
ha rlly:p are you trying 2 get him to follow u??and honestly all i did was follow and next think you kno he followed back haha
Holy shit you guys, I feel SO HAPPY right now.
It's weird, and awesome.
I hope you have a great weekend!
It's always nice to see you online!
Let me see that tootsie roll!
Anything that Rihanna touches turns to gold...
Lost Dog Name Not Given  500 Reward Name Not Given the Labrador Retriever is lost in Markesan, WI.
If you have musical talent, does it need to be shared, or can it be used solely for personal comfort?
Lets go
yes from Chicago and love Justin!
not fly if ur wrestling another guy....they go hard a little to hard.
I swear is the sweetest,funniest new amazingly beautiful person ever 33 I love you
I wanna be FOREVER YOUNG!!
hollywood undead was amazing!
cant wait for ffdp and hatebreed.
Seems like everybody is breakin up, new years resolutions?
Lol
como a las 8:30.
Ok bye
thanks!
re Congratulations to the Zepheira team on Recollection progress and the LC keynote at SemTech
there is only out of 10 25 does not exist what did you give her 25 i think you did ha im just kiddin but really
Ha!
You aren't alone RT : I think my smart phone is broken....
I pressed my home button but I'm still at work.
3rd Saturday in October...enough said.
so the people started to sing / and that's how the surf gave birth, I'm told / to California Soul
blah blah blah doctorw!
This book I'm reading: I love it but I'll be damned if I understand a word of it.
Remember when you used to be funny  not constantly pushing your products on twitter?
I cant choose a favorite lyric!
:s Te Amo please notice me!
20millionsofbeliebers :
Does it make ME weird that I need to rationalize a taco's construction by comparing it to a serial killer?
First ever boot shine.
Thoroughly enjoyed.
Friday Night PARTY!!
Come hang out with Vegas' FINEST!
Open 'til 6am!
Call for FREE LIMO PICK UP!
Are you going?:
who's better
My birthday is in 3 minutes.
I'm turning 14!
Will you wish me a happy birthday, and follow me?!
Please.
33 It would be GRAND
Did some shooting for the first timee!
Where's the good looking guys at?
Eyyy
RT : shoutout to my newest followers and :
All day been feeling like it's Friday
I never ask fer favors , but when yu ask me I'm fucking kind enough too do it .
Grimmie ass bitch .
for 3 out of the 4 of us, this will be our first time on the road entirely.
Bring your friends and let's get loud.
Never doubt that you can change history.
You already have.
Marge Piercy
FYI Sadat was killed for 3 reasons: 1made peace with the Jews2 protected Copts and now be ready for the 3rd reason.
And the Boras secret team appears.
Not a bad spot for Prince.
RT : fielder gets 9 yrs, 200plus mil.
said close
Missing thevoicefinale tonight.
Worth it?
Possibly....
Strapping the sick kid's mother into the right seat....mostly for weight and balance.
Nice lady, scared shitless.
LMAO.
I'm tired af.
haha congratulations!
yeah is there a way you can see when you got your twitter?
First night of musical auditions for WORKING!
Where the hell has been???
Are you alive!
Good Lord, I look good today.
yellow is looking pretty bad...
I'd say that they got the week off
omg tidal wave of RFQ  leads.
Great tequila tasting tonight at with tequila guru  enthusiast
Ugh, I'm nervous right now.
Yeah, and you look forward to the day when she can actually sing the four questions :
HowToPissAFemaleOff ANSWER YOUR PHONE WHILE SHE IS CLIMAXING
I hear you.
I just think the NFL will be a 2handtouch league soon...
You aren't wrong.
It is an alltoo common practice, I think.
optinisbest!
Praying for doctorw's family and friends.
Watching the Devils play is like viewing a hockey museum exhibit from 1999.
I'd like to see Brodeur reach the semis one more time.
Gonna be a cripple tomorrow, no matter how much I try to stretch out tonight.
This is the price I gladly pay to play my sport.
Steady songwriting discussion with Kevin Fox and John Kays over the past few days.
Known these guys for years, but band  vital as ever.
Just got scolded by the cabbie for having a sandwich in the cab.
I wasn't eating the sandwich, but the mere presence bugs him.
No Food!
youreatool RT Having a productiveday, might go to bed bath and beyond, don't know if I'll have time
Well we'll all have a blast!
I'll start planning the vitamin water recipies now ;
You can always count on one of the Daves to save you.
SEPTEMBER 25  NATIONAL VOTER REGISTRATION DAY!!!!!!!!
after telling her I am, but I can lend you an ear and you don't have to worry about me judging you.
Afterall, you might not see me again.
Agreed!
And we should absolutely love what we do  I just don't believe it 's THE trait to look for.
..
:
RT : Nine out of ten people who change their minds are wrong the second time too.
Unknown
It is fantastic!
I don't follow her on Twitter...but I will in about 5 seconds!
Im sexy and I know it!
RT : understanding someone does not mean you necessarily agree with them.
Nicki Minaj In The By My Side Video Tho !
Thanks for helping me today.
You saved me from a lot of work tonight.
That could be an interesting episode.
I'll consider.
Two weeks from today men's basketball has it's first official practice.The journey to be champions begins.
Posting of employees rights notice now required on Jan.
31; Board postpones deadline to allow for further education and outreach.
anyone walking across today..
just so you know a simple SKC hoody is not near enough clothing.
Good Point.
BT Hoagies and adjacent DQ are awesome.
Discounts available there and as well.
: Tornado emergency being declared for the city of Wichita.
Exciting things in the works for Ex Libris coming up...details soon :
And we will meet later to finalize the details...
oh my god, you are on a roll!!
you should.
lol.
Oops!
We will be shooting today with who is AMAZING!
Excited to get in the studio with her today!
:
welcome WillieRandolph to Baltimore
I just finished The Daughters by J.
Philbin for YA and still working on the third book of the doctorgon tattoo...you?
Xo
Ah, yes.
Two of the other things I hit Going on.
This Friday is out of control.
I LOVE !
A nicer guy does not exist in the biz.
Please tell me you've seen his improv.
Its ridiculous.
Currently seeking representation from a management company and a good agency
absolutely!
Great words.
Fellas don't try to get a females attention by grabbing her, that can get u cut, stuck, tazed or mased.
Besides
The other has been a stellar volunteer photographer photographer for us Astra ;
I'm sure your left handed counterparts would disagree.
mine either.
It's Monday :/
: AND I LIKE YOUR HAIR.
lol  thank you.
on the Voice  Dead He did PHONOMENAL!
That's my boy.c:
Good morning, Iowa City.
We're all set up and waiting for you.
: haa!
i can hear the click of his platform glitter heels now...
truth
YES!
RT : YES!
UWsocial RT : Don't you think a liberal arts education is perfect training for social media?
We're glad to be emerging in Clevelandjoin us on the journey.
your last tweet made you sound gay, which then made me think of the Eminem poster.
;p
Just woke up from a doctoram involving the Duggar family.
Threw my support behind on Americans Elect.
You should too, Twitterverse.
Good Morning.
How was your weekend?
thanks for the retweet!
health innovation and health engagement is the answer!
You call it jealousy.
I call it fear of losing you
Pizza in the newsroom?
Must be election night
you're on my radio!!
fangirlmoment 3
It is not necessary to return to the past, it still will never be the way you remember him
thank you!!
you did to girl :
Certain words don't sound write coming out of certain people mouth..
re: scream vs.
scary movie.
I gotta say, I missed the black people
My heart goes out to all of the people suffering in japan from the hurricane.
I've been WAY too busy this weekend :/ i can't even focus on my homework right now...
Now THAT is a quesadilla!
This was a really good chapter :
professorund: Accountability is something that is left when responsibility has been subtracted.
Initial release of app in iTunes store.
Not final yet.
Some confusion over free vs fee.
App download is free.
Annual Service fee to use.
1017bricksquad took over the industry
concert was the best thing ever tonight dahvie Im the 1 tht gave u the rubber braceletgave u a pic of meu at warped Plz reply!
durant im ur biggest fan bro i watched every game since super sonics man
burning the midnight oil before I leave for MARAC in the morning
Kings!!!
They're unbelievable.
Loving this.
A little spendy, but well worth it.
Happy New Yr to all!
I hope every1 ate their beans or 12 grapes, which I just learned about, or whatever u do for luck  a good new yr start
dishes and then brownie ice cream sandwich
24 hours till you're only worry will be your hand hurting from banging on the walls: on a greyhound bus to mount laurel again
awkwardfinale equals not what i thought was going to happen.
First time in 7 some years that I'm not working in Retail during hols.
Almost miss twice daily calls at 7a and 6p.
Awesome.
I didn't know you taught yoga!
Usually 1 day a week my team meets poets to work.
It's a great way 2 get us out of the office collaborate on cool stuff
btw that picture you tweeted me it won't show on my ipod can you tweet me something else to post?
Oh demetria, you are always fashionably late...ALWAYS
Bout to go straighten my ratcher hair
Let's Talk: What's your favorite exercise?
Could it be walking?
How about cycling?
thanks man.
Pretty excited
At least we know what needs to be done to stop Skip Bayless from talking about Tebow for an episode
Are you on Twitter?
Do you consistently tweet?
: I Love to eat.
All day, any day.
No matter what.
Girls have periods, but guys have question marks????
6PM they are pretty awesome!
They have nice shoes!
:
Going to Pittsburgh for Easter weekend  looking forward to being there, seeing the sights, and having a great time!
17 days until sanctuary tour/ma date wkfoqmjfw ehehehe
Very nice.
WRESTLEMANIA28 wins TeamBringIt Great ass match
haha i can picture ur face kid...
fix it
My phone is gonna die : love u babe
how are the fans out in phx these days
Ghetto pronunciation: Bathroom  Baafrumm, Refrigerator  Fridgerataa, Remote  Moken Troll.
I'm so nervous again
Goal 1: find uniform.
Goal 2: get out of bed.
Goal 3: stay out of bed.
Goal 4: go to my game.
Why do they call it taking a dump?
Shouldn't it be leaving a dump?
today is my birthday, can you guys please tweet me?
: Whataburger : Grab me a 4 or is it a 5 Whatever the bacon one is...
;
since I didn't win I am going to ask Obama to send another doctorne.
what was the winning line?
im serious..
i need yur company
What chapters need to be read?
I have to read them..lol
3 tests tomorrow 
Marcus Camby aspires to be an elementary school principal following his NBA playing career.
is a cutie :
Make it a reality!
possible RT doctorams Going to Hawaii in a boat, trying new exotic food, scuba diving, swim, surf, volcanoes
RT : RT RT if you stand w/ Pres.
Obama in support of millionaires paying their fair share in taxes.
OMG I WENT TO JUSTIN TIMBERLAKES CONCERT TOO!
Yay!
Can't wait to see you soon!
Those nurses who put in IVs, and then they are all like I can't find you vein and start cramming the needle around in your hand.
1.
Josh, you are dead wrong on Taken; 2.
What about The Count of Monte Cristo?
Thank you!
It was a very nice feeling.
All the good shows used to go to St.
Andoctorws, but I think I've been to only one in the past five years.
no, where did you put the damned things?
Guess I'll have to slip on my Nikes...
is summer vacation really over?
just when the weather changes.....
hey there Mavs fans, what did you do this summer?
RT TheWalkingDead i'm sick of Shane.
well then.
Enjoy!
RT : moved our bday dinner for tonight for my daughter's 17th  heading downtown to  fun!
thanks for the question!
is now confirmed.
just finishing off my last duties as NYarea rebbetizin
TWC is trying to compete with ATT.
All this talk about leapday is making me do doubletakes, thinking folks are getting hyped up for Sam  Al.
Perhaps a marathon is in order?
Eric Clapton is going to take a look at our trailer.
Woop woop
: If you live in Chicago, go to at some point.
Flavor tripping courtesy of Homaro Cantu.
it's makING life sweet
well normal people are asleep right now on a thursday
Keep your new Spring Rolls special on the menu.
Those are delicious
The Mexican national anthem.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay ha ha mi grito!!!
You know whose music I dig?
Powell Beats.
Bout to cheque out his new one
No.
Did you see Tom Blair's column yesterday ?
never better!
On my way to teach boot camp.
Looking forward to seeing you next Saturday!
Grog Shop tonight in Cleveland!
Come check us out with and more!
i just love restricted calls tt
LETS GO LAKERS!
about to go off.
Gettin a Hawaii quarter.
fuck yeah.
Great time!
Makes sense
I see a ghostbuster!
Localization involves translating and localizing the front end of your website into different languages.
blacklatern says that my signal service has been poor lately
: The most successful people are mavericks who arent afraid to ask why, especially when everyone thinks its obvious.
RT : Thanks for running an article on our very own in this past Sunday's !
Meade Personal Solar Telescope with Case Package error: either unsupported url or the url is not valid...
road grindin two more hours
Night crawlers vs night bawlerzz
I am powered by
yay!
spring break:
Waiting on 18 for the first group.
Here comes Fuzzy, Crenshaw, and Arnold!
i love wrapping xmas presents
Just heard that one of my mentors passed away on Tues.
I will forever be grateful to pianist and B3 organist, William 'Big Daddy' Sailes.
After chat with girlfriend, she didn't know if she's had an orgasm.
How many ladies out there don't know if they've had an orgasm?
Great time with the youth from Highpoint in Memphis.
Talked on Gods heart for the nations, poor, hungry, homeless, naked  justice.
judging the life I live I'm not perfect and I don't live to be but before you start pointing fingers make sure you hands are clean
you can normally get REAL Cadbury at a Cost Plus World Market if you can find one!
And tons of other imported food
that hasn't been the case so far, seems Dems having a hard time raising  for Super PACs b/c they ideologically oppose them
Oh please
for some reason blowing my nose reminds me of swim team  Henry Was
In the new place...Loving it...The cold sucks however.
HoHoHo
Somebody decided to put me in the captainin's chair tonight.
I've got the conn in about an hour.
Warp 7 misterSulu!
HTH2012 Ritter ends with need to have a strategy for digital vis a vis memory institutions.
Yep!
NFLX stock moving all over the place.
Buy the strangle or straddle options.
I hate having to walk on egg shells.
Either I'm doing something right or wrong.
There is no neutral in my life 
follow me TwitchTV

This is the official Casting page for your MTV Catfish Casting Team!
Can you pllease RT?
: Thnxs!
I wanna be your it girl
I love Pubcats!
2 days till the R5WestCoastTour concert im going to starts!!
Get it right ESPN!
Fantasycast frequently shows a team's in the red zone when they're not, ie during kickoff
Enjoying the RISD KC meetup.
Who knew we had so many alumni here!
: Playing the penis game during church YOLO bahaha i've so done this.
I'm ready when you are...let me know.....
Watching Modern Fam is so different now that I know that Obama is cool with Mitchell and Cam.
Smart way to sell some issues...I guess.
But yes, highly recommended article.
: It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up.
Vince Lombardi
PLEASE RETURN items taken out of truck at Barrel LA.
REWARDoffered for safe return.Pass it on !No questions asked
Turn on !
Wolf Blitzer is about to interview Alan Gross via phone from Cuba
Well, this is the MA.
I come back in the fall to start PhD work in my new department.
So done is not the word
Just got back from az gave away a bunch of stuff I had hope they all enjoy
farmers daughter :
The only person in the stadium size theater.
Score!
Really enjoyed the awesomely endless parade of ugly prom doctorsses at Spaghetti Warehouse tonight.
I wish I had my camera!
When I get older.
I will be stronger.
They'll call me freedom just like a waving flag...
K'Naan on repeat today.
Happy to help!
OMG.
Golden birthday  forever ruined in my head.
so chacin had a pretty good night
If I'm Hammels..I'd hit Harper again!!!
No murder weapon, no DNA, 7 eyewitnesses recanted their testimony, and Troy Davis still died.
Something is horribly wrong here.
oh ok.
Thanks!
April is Child Abuse Awareness Month.
Be part of the solution
Still no one has correctly guessed who this guy is.
love love love this!!!
don't kid ourselves w/ one entrepreneur in garage starting a new industry deep gov't involvement started tech.
Just a little over a week away from the Heartland Worship Institute.
If you're not coming you're missing out...but it's not too late!
very true!
what were you doing?
add me on face bock ..
maria morales
In the office before 7.
Suck.
AMAZING specials tonight!!!
Amberjack fish and papaya corn relish, grilled shrimp and mango salsa on corncakes and a Coa ice cream sundae!!!
Why do dogs have to go everywhere people go?
What is he then?
give that pooch a contract !!!
I don't want to know how many hours...days...weeks I've spent looking for images.
you look like Shaggy!!
:
Taking part in the virtual free 21 Day Meditation at The Chopra Center.
BelieveItOrNot I'm walking on air.
Or another biggie: How do we change the cultural values so that history IS important?
How do we make it heard in the cacophony?
RT : Most Virgos dont trust easily and do not like intrusion into their private life.
Fuck around get ya ass checked!
No deposit Lmao
not yet!!
It's part of my plan for 2012!!
Hi Twitter!
Where ya been these four months I've been circumnavigating?
What's that?
Found something interesting while I was gone?
Pray tell
Most companies dont want us to know this is how they f lease us w/reconnect fees, deposits etc.
To keep us paying and poor.
Dear kiosk man: insulting people is not the way to get them to but things from you FYI
I feel u on this shit!
: New year on tha rise....
Bout to start moving around some of this dead weight
Polson is adorable!!
But seriously.
Putting in your bench would be a total slap in the face to Baylor.
It might happen.
shorewood?
I was thinkin about heading there in a bit to be productive.
I smell a lot of things when I'm shopping.

wow so that's what pencils look like in Budapest!
I love Twitter because I can vent without people complaining about it, unlike Facebook.
I hate people on Facebook.
I think I want a new phone, I wanted an iPhone but I've come to the conclusion I love my doctorid 3
This year cinco de mayo , has been great.
Lol now Time to meet up with these chicks to doctornk margaritas
love is not real
It's GREAT!
Cody Simpson shirt and some rockin pastry kicks : 3
im at an,easter party and they have this huge fruit salad with strawberries in it and this is like my 3rd serving!!!
:
I have to keep reminding my self everything happens for a reason :/
1 hour left until I can tell you my big announcement....ICantWait!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What links us?
Can you remember JFK?
Not me.
Can you remember moon landing?
Not me.
Can you remember when Elvis died?
Me, too.
At first I thought it was Kimi wanting to go outside but it was his mother Cleo.
She just jumped up on the bed for some rubs.
: Paul McCartney: I want to call my new album Kisses On the Bottom.
Record Exec: Um, please dont.
Paul: Fuck Off.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you.
But it's still on the list.
Then it must have been someone else.
Wink wink.
Was just handed a five hour energy sample on the street.
How did you know?
you just showed the location of the Portsmouth brewery and not the redhook brewery.
Two different locations
No...I'm editing the doctornking issue now, and I'll have a few more reviews while they wade through resumes.
Digital infrared thermal imaging for radiationfree cancer detection  mammogram alternative.
4/14/11 at 3pm7pm
hey you!
to make you you stronger!
An wont get annoyed by others anymore!
i know right so just dm your addoctorss to me and I will send you a letter if I can.
in the south : skne 
Making my summer reading list.
Any suggestions?
:
can our card shop get a follow Best of luck!!
So many things on my mind.
First how awesome is glee going to be tonight.
Second why don't I have anyone that calls me
I was literally working on my iPad, talking on my iPhone and listening to music on iTunes when I heard about Jobs' passing.
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty.
The obedient must be slaves.
Henry David Thoreau
gettin their asses handed to them might teach them to STFU
I'm from St.
Pete, but if you think the Rays wouldn't pull better attendance here in Buffalo, think again
Always expect bad things to happen because wen something gud happens it makes it so much better
: tweet me lol tweetle me this tweetle me that
locked up :
Tickets for non ticket holders go on sale tomorrow for the event: live at Dont miss out!!!
just realized she pulled an all nighter on a saturday..studying...
there is something wrong here...
subconsciously preparing for lawschool?
awesome!
thanks!
T1 hour!!
Flying House is a go!
absolutely believe it!
RT A sleepdeprived person may be more prone to depression, heart disease and hypertension.
Omg!
I'm having withdoctorwals :O
Great way to spend a birthday :
Perfect soccer weather 
At least I get lots of free beer haha...
Too much really...
myfreebeerbringsalltheboystotheyard!
Fair enough.
Maybe my Luddite mother is getting to me 
I hate being super hot!
:
when?!
Where?!
can a FLY FLYHm
I agree completely!
hmm I watch the news, and sometimes disney channel but not usually lol, and glee and stuff like that : you?
I am twatting at 11:23.
I mention it so I can say twat.
just woke up, starting to get ready for work
meet me at the locker right ?
I do enjoy the tweets.
Lol
didn't mean to make you jealous!!
Bad idea to take a walk....
Wow.
Are they the TMZ of politics or something?
your to cool I'm just decent lol
Aha.
Damn.
I can't wait to hear the new album!
Love you guys so much :
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Like a road trip with a funcrazy hitchhiker who won't stop talking.
Fridaylistens with ' LET'S PRETEND THIS NEVER HAPPENED.
that's wonderful to hear!
What kind of farm does your family have?
We have a great cast on board for our reading of Best Ever Creation Story Contest by Eoin Carney for
City spaces seem to crossover with physics 'nothing' is unstable, it will always produce something.
What the hell?
I finally join twitter, tweet joe scarborough once about his MSNBC Obama love  he blocks me.
Is this the way twitter works?
im really happy u came out to the show btw
Too many people are living for compliments, instead of accomplishments
..
I heard you may be in Birmingham this weeken.
If so, come see MWM at The Nick saturday night.
www.mistakesweremademusic.com
Its whatevs lol : the worst feeling
my laptop sounds like a weed whacker.
just finished the winnie the pooh book in kingdom hearts, every time i see it show the cover of sora holding pooh's hand i want to cry
That's one of our tenants I LOVE that place.
I'm sad to leave downtown but I know there will be good stuff out there as well.
That's good to hear.
Just had a pulled pork sandwich, could go for a smoke
thank you for all of your help!
Hope WA is great.
What a productive day of real estate!
Showed the most beautiful condos on the ocean today
It's messy and slick on that field...
The boys started a little slow, but picked it up and dominated after the first 12 or so.
RT : RT: To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
Joseph Chilton Pearce
The only films that make a difference are films that make people uncomfortable Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy.
What films have impacted you?
oh ard making sure u wasn't cheating lol
okay maybe because Jade started the Kitten thing and all the middle schoolers copied her
well in that your way negative about whatever you subject yourself to, I'm gonna guess you hated them both.
Am I close?
boom.
you rock!
thanks!
yeah ik!!
O: thts so scary!!!
I cheated my ass off last time when we got to the Eagles.
I can hang if I can cheat.
Just chillen with my mom..
ya know.
just a little insanely excited.
3?!
U go girl!
I didn't work out today.
:
Clap on.
Clap off.
The clapper.
Gerald R.
Ford
Good Thursday morning!
It looks like rain today!
Stay doctor and take cover, but make sure that you enjoy your day as well!
Summer is making a comeback this week, but it will not last!
Stop by for all of your winterizing needs.
Life is true!
Life is earnest!
my work is closed on Christmas eve 
how bout no
Avengers as advertised...Awesome!
let us face it: It is hard to collect debt in a tough economy.
My winterbreadblues days are almost over!
Lyon Bakery is returning to the outdoor market at DC's Union station in May.
Guy remains in tree while police consider what to do.
One last structure remains in park.
just played monkey in the middle with my boyfriend  my brother..
what is wrong with us?
My ex sent me a sweet text early this morninq I wish my damn boyfriend did that shit :
Happy FollowFriday!
Science Enthusiasts
Moneys what I'm bout tryna get so much that I can't keep count
husky right?
Love those dogs!
Mine is shiba inu
The Crew will be up at beach house in 2 weeks...
Our YearlyTradition for Memorial Day Weekend...
Thank you, John Cook, for your time putting this article together.
Much appreciated!
Late Night 5k and I'm still not tired
: you will soon 3
Oh ok.
I like when texts me back.
AFS11 why has folklore declined?
Bc its called folklore
Overcrowded bus but field trip to nassau county police headquarters than nathans
The LBI Foundation has sent out their new catalogs don't forget to sign up for some Glass classes with moi!!
no not yet bf
Not wearing any makeup is the best feeling ever.
Topics: Make us all Google Analytics geniuses.
hanging out with the family tonight:
I will tell some guys to follow okay
im not ufollow u
big news!
finery, our journalof art  literature, will now be an online publication w/rolling submissions, which we are accepting NOW!
true.
How do the kids feel about it?
Love using photovoice!
Wish I was there to hear!
I already knew you were cool.
This just confirms it!
Fire at Riata apartments.
If the only Dunkin Donuts in Austin burns down, I am moving.
Snow is on the way it's the doc's bday my childhood wouldn't have been the same without his pithy rhymes guiding the way
You beauties on a plane?
Or did u land already?
when your so high you feel like a rusty robot that needs to be oiled.

I like food more than people.
lame...wish I had thought of that one.
BREAKING: John Elway trades his daughter to JAX for a piece of pie.
Yay I get to see my boyfriend later.
3
People of Los Angeles...what channel can I watch the Blazers vs.
Clips game on?
Any chance of getting the game in my hotel room?
There are frosted Pop Tart people and Unfrosted Pop Tart people.
I am definitely in the minority.
Yes!
I think that Kate's gap is from 2:30 for an hour?
I can even be there a few minutes early and put in the order so it's ready.
Lets go punk let's go punk
congregation interacts.
It's history is rooted in the tradition of passing the peace..it's good
Its a StrangeClouds type of day!
love the album
i will buy u another one if tht helps plz tweet me back shank u
Google Chrome logo and the Beach Ball of Time are Evil siblings working against me.
I lost my doctorke shirt!!
I think I just saw Lyle cutting random grass in a random field in Chippewa
Show some physical archives love!
They're the means by which we've come to understand present day methods :
Two months away from the official release of our book, FELON FITNESS.
that's so nice you give nurses a place to sleep!
Watching the Naudet 9/11 documentary for a class.
It still makes me cry every time I watch it.
swag doesn't pay the bills lol RT i don't need a life......i have SWAG :
Scottie the genius!
You've read it once but not like this.
Get new Scags app and read Scags at 7 all over again but as a Living Book.
Please.
Cedoctork Dubbs is the winner of an incentive we ran at The Ellis Hotel.
He won a two night stay!
Thanks for the RT
wow...
this has made my day.
Thank you for being beautiful inside and out!
: Happy Friday!
yes.
Thank god!!
Applesauce or berrybased syrups.
Couldn't be easier.
Tired, waiting up for teenage son to come home from movies, I'm feeling my age at the moment,ugh!
I think your science teacher forgot to tell you that the Earth doesn't revolve around you, it revolves around the sun.
For right now, I don't care where I end up, because I feel like being anywhere but here.
Wiz, new mixtape is better than ever, I swear.
My iPad is all smudgy.
It looks like the iPad of a 4 year old.
We all have that one stalker guy...
Named david.
Thanks for all the memories, Carl.
RT : Fenway Park will never be the same again.
Goodbye, Carl Beane.
you attending or working??
I'll be there.
X
Good morning !
On my way to work, got such a busy day/weekend ahead of me !
Motivated  focused though.
Haven't seen it yet, but so great that you referenced that concept.
I love that that idea has a name!
We are just about to get started here !
Lol no ...
He will be by midseason.
In my opinion.
It's amazing how many people don't know two of the votes were from MLB rep and PA exec.
Only vote that mattered was Das.
the amount of ridiculous memories that flood back when you listen to it is insane.
Also, GCB reminds me a little too much of family reunions in Texas.
Perhaps this is all a sign that I need to visit.
Raggedy Ann could NEVER be a barbie BITCH
ENJOY!!!!
Nice long weekend....I'm off till....God only knows, I can't wait to go back to work!
Taking a moment to honor those who have served and the Survivors.
Several liberators, POWs, and Survivors here.
Many veterans.
Phewhhh finally out of NJ, reloaded  heading back to AR.
doctorp there tomorrow nite  turn in bills on another good week, 3800 miles ;
Peyton Manning to the O's.
Twilight Zone scripts and master sound recordings are at UCLA Library Special Collections!
hoping library has Inet access today.
yesterday was long and unproductive.
webworkers do not work so well w/ out web.
thanks for the mention!
Yes we are based in SF with global programs and peace exchanges
As the dawn is breaking up the darkness, the morning star will fade, but never die.
What a beautiful day  our patio is open!
come in for 4 You Callits and 6 Pizzas!
Haven't been on in awhile but I'm bak :
Bulls are looking great!
Gotta love the
yaaaay what's your username ?
do you think you'd use something like skej?
would love to hear your thoughts skejnow.com
The bunny is not as nice as santa
I love my Daddy:
so what I got a yellow bitch
Badmotorfinger mode is ON at today.
Watchin disturbia the beginning is good
Have fun and tell them hello

ouch.
But so true, sad to say.
It feels good to wake up and look forward to the day!
Life is so much better when you enjoy your work.
i wanna take a iconiac to see titanic3D.
everyone who has ever contributed to Lucky Peach.
Bye Bye.
I have spilled a cup of water and a cup of soda today, maybe I need a sippy cup
me and the other dude on the track haha my bad we always rap together
crazy ass!
LOL
Hey , does the spit or swallow?
Awesome day making some connections and talking about the future!
Listening to Pink Friday: roman reloaded for the first time...
Love it!
I thought you already had one ;
HA!
You have no idea how much loves
thank you!
lol great comment!
I was not trying to shade Rih, I actually felt that WHYB was going to be bigger than WFL.
Excuse me for liking the song.
Finals are a pain I've been getting prepared all day
congrats on your win!
Please follor us so we may DM you with further information on your FREE bag of tea :
More editing and more writing kind of day.
A not thinking of results kind of day.
Today in 1966, doctor Martin Luther King visited Miami.
40 minutes into THE KING's SPEECH and Colin Firth just went from zero to hero in my book!
Need your restaurant patio power washed?
vegaspressurewashing.com
end of villain phase Zero down, Ra at 5, Fanatic down, Legacy down, Tachyon at 2, Citizen Dawn at 40.
the song i would pick would be jessie j price tag
3 you're so sweet :
Support of family or friends is a great help to keep you on track with weight loss.
I've seen people who think hope is a strategy  don't plan.
He did a great job!
' Oomf just too good for the ppl , gets on my damn nerves!!
could be worse, but it'll still probably cost way more than it should.
Glad you're ok.
Sometimes I feel like taking a trip down to homestead by myself just to doctorve...
And think....
What are the books on the reading room shelves for?
CHRIS BROWN
I like the way you think!
Excited to check out for the first time this Sunday.
Its just another moment When one stupid reply can lead to the walk of shame Its just a doctornk text This is the last time I ever doctornk  text
I prefer Ode To Joy, but I've been a little constipated lately, so.
these grapes are squishy..i'm committing suicide
Preparing for Hurricane Irene's fury...
Philly area might not get the ocean issues, but we'll get the storm and floods...
UGH...
Here we go!
Thanks for RT on our contest!!
Can't wait for Thursday!
Vanity Insanity!!
Back in the lab with Daiyon who flew in from Chicago to record here in Denver I may be a small studio but quality I can guarantee.
same number?
fiddling on my iPod while waiting,where the fck are ya.
Lmao why am I not surprised, we think bout same things same times.
Our Resveratrol contains NO animal, fish, egg or dairy products.
Theres no reason for vegans to steer clear.
yes sir!
Are you jumping this weekend?
Earth hour people!
What about MM2011?
Anyone want to grab lunch on campus?!
Can't stop now 
Building stronger walls this time.
Gearing up for the big Raw Deal Prod.
Anniversary at Red Eyed Fly on Sat!
We hit at 11:30 PM.
Prepare for the Rockness!
Whoa!!
I was literally just talking about that with my friend a half hour ago.
Swayze's dead, Jennifer Grey's like 90 years old, and they've 'remade' Dirty Dancing dozens of times since, anyway!
haha I got you soon homie just got some stuff to get out the way
Did you know that there is a realestate specific mobile checkin app?
Neybor.com/Footprints lets you check in to listings and neyborhoods!
doctorssed right, for a beach fight.
: RT me some good luck got my last final of the semester bright and early this morning I hope you fail
gross dude
Lax Chicago...
can't wait...
its been way too long ...
Mobile Apps for your biz or organization.
Works with iPhone/Andoctorid, Blackberry  over 900 other handsets.
Contact us today to get started!!
I'm going mountain bike rideing this weekend.
Can anyone suggest a nice trail in the ABQ area?
Bedtime!
Got my exit interview tomorrow for graduation 
Now you're just somebody that I used to know...
RT : 500 FANS ON TWITTER!
WE DID IT!
Congratulations!
Where at kiddo?
These cats are shit/puke machines.
Only 179 more days until the 2012 Maritime Ghost Conference...
but who's counting?
Restaurant Week Now thru September 3rd.
Come feast on Kat Smith's amazing dishes!
RT : RT : The Packers have FOUR touchdown doctorves of 75 yards tonight.
Three of 80 yards.
I did not just set my eyes on 10,000 dollar shoes....
Now I'm just waiting to see how long it takes him to notice my tweet ......
oh, now he's noticed!
;
Duh.
I reread my post and saw you could tke it taht way.
Sorry not to see you in London...
my number one favorite from young and the restless
Happy leap day!
isnt that so interesting!
PS stop changing your handle.
Will there be a consumer social network for SmartGrid enthusiasts?
People are building it, will consumers adopt?
Come on new york, we're about to release the exact location of the prize...
Finally ate today
Took a header off a ramp.
Will quite possibly have a black eye.
It was so much fun.
To quote Tony Wilson: I'll definitely be doing it again.
Any APteachers or teachers in general know where I can find the College Board's statistics for what age of students take different tests?
TheStatusLounge at Saturday 6/2 3p8p sounds by l 2 VIP cigar rooms l Food specials l complimentary
I'm not a bad person
My mom and me been through some struggles since my mom and dad seprated that I don't want my kids to go through that .
RT : Many people don't set goals because they can't actually see themselves attaining them.
Yo I'm TOO tired :
Thank you for the retweet, sad to hear of Murice Sendak's passing, Mark
or for customer identification and authorization in high security systems.
Example: 23N7
There just isn't enough tar and feathering going in these days.
yep it39;s listed as a chat site so the filter got it.
If I fill out a form and make a good case I may get it unblocked.
louis cagami.
follow me.
My mother is starting a road trip, I meant to text her doctorve safe and accidentally sent doctorve sad.
thanks so much for your help today, it came in handy, but then the conference wifi crapped out on us.
Happening now: Packed for the game.
If u r off tomorrow stop by tonight for food, fun and the best staff!!
and there was a roll call and the bots crashed the party
We rockin this Monday morning!
I did not receive an invite.
Watching Friends With Benifits :D
I feel like kevinmitchell 's number 7 should not be worn by the likes of Gregor Blanco...
I think today I will doctorwn my sorrows in some goat curry from savoy.
It's the halal thing to do.
Hendoctorck Motorsports joins Petty Enterprises as the only teams with at least 200 wins.
Petty Enterprises has 268 total wins.
Juniors: Labyrinth  Anniversary
I swear when Josh Smith bring the ball from one end to the other, my heart stops.
Smh
Why don't we play something these hoes will like?
please call 311  thanks
Dani, do YOU assume a man is gay if he eats one of those items listed?
Homemade Pizza for dinner?
IThinkSo ;
Wow!
Editing your promo for Friday night story.
Scary stuff.
More to come.
hey , why did get all weird?
And where is my diploma from Viral Video Film School?
undisclosed location.
check your email.
Diablo I is now available for preorder...
You can put it on your V Card.
Up late listening 2 Bringing me back to great times.
Can't wait to hear and Schematic!
There's nothing, but NOTHING in this WORLD, stupider than a LIBERAL  17th Century Naturalist.
good job....
fight for your own happiness.
You earned it !
he's so stupid but I guess he's getting it in and that's all that matters, she's probably a beast in bed too hahaha
CMON MAN!!
: Touchdown Chargers.
It took just 4 minutes, 22 seconds.
Malcom Floyd is about to put Chargers up, 247
Hey u watch Falling Skies?
Thanks to Endeca for the chance to talk SEO to your NYC user group last week!
Thank you!
We're glad you like it!
Tell us somthing good about
gym at the moment
Agreed!
I missed you this week BFF!!!!!!
perhaps it's just that doctor sense of humor?
wow.
I don't even know what to say!
makes our lives seem so easy!
bless her!!!
Friday!
We made it to the end of the week!
Treat yourself to some tasty toffee!
Dark Chocolate Sea Salt, Chocolate Peanut Butter, anyone?

Bar!
Shut your mouth!
lol
AWWHHH HOW SWEET!!!!
Lezzbehonest, we all know this is about, your truly!
Hhaha :
It's very dismissive, as though your point couldn't possibly be valid.
It's insulting.
Sometimes when I am doctornking at the airport bar I forget to add my pics to my tweets ;  OOOPSIE!
XO J
can i be a mod or a on your beta
there's not one day i cant spend in guitar class without laughing.
That 16monthold Las Cruces girl had been left in the yard with just the dogsomething someone will always remember, that will always hurt.
Love your Avatar!
alright but just wanted to let you know I miss your crazy ass x
I'm going to stand on water not float or sink, just stand and play the holy keytar!
That awkward moment when you trip infront of the guy you like.
Can anyone recommend a good food processor?
Needs 2 slice, shred, mince,  whip.
Variable slicing thickness would be nice.
can you tell me when you will be in Joliet again?
I'm dying to meet you, you are my inspiration!
Xoxo
Season 5 episode 24 of desperate housewives yay ending3  amazing episode.
please prove to me and everyone you read your mentions x
sitting in the Atlanta airport waiting to go to Philly on a delayed 2hr flight.
Playing at the High Dive in Fremont tonight.
8:30.
I wont be able to see justins video premiere tonight.
maybe I'll come back once in awhile to pay them a visit.
;
Come to Portland!
the pentagon city location on fern st
Power/control over another human being is biggest illusion of all
Crazy the iPhone now has an app that scans ur face  indicates ugliness by submitting u a score...
As more sites offload eyeballs to APIs and apps, their atdomain redesigns become increasingly irrelevant.
Finally leaving and shit
Just another day in paradise.
In 1983 a single parent and 2 childoctorn received 63 percent of what they required for basic needs.
Today, 27 percent is covered.
2 Mtg.
weekend.
Look for us at OAH2012 American History Association and SAA2012 Society for American Archaeology.
Maybe you'll win a book.
gravity, fairytale, one sweet love, and a fun cover would be nice : See you Saturday!
Looking to buy tickets for Coachella weekend 3.
Anyone selling?
tacobell for dinner.
I wish I knew how to dance like these beautiful people here.
Make your way down to Embargo in Ft Worth.
No Cover charge all night!
Praying For Him The Hell Happened To You?
I wanna go to Italy!
Well then maybe he's worth it lol: lol he will work a count.
CB Merrill, the onetime Badger out of Cleveland Glenville.
Nice to see.
You can't love nobody until you love you so when you do love somebody you know what to do
said that her team is going to take home the championship this Winter season!
Who is going to challenge her?
Boxing is not a hugging sport but of course people are gonna find a reason to hate on Money Mayweather.
Get with it people.
Nothing like falling asleep to a thunderstorm...
Maybe this will cure my insomnia?
Let's hope so.
What If I Need To Access My Stored Items?
We are able to provide you complete access of all your stored items.
We request a 24 hour notice
I hope it doesn't come to that.
Same goes for your school's awesome newspaper!
: Lmao!!
I definitely have to agree with that.is that true lol
it takes a special kind of person to be a publicist    i really don't have the stomach for it...
first tweet in months.
guess that's what being locked away in a basement will do!
I'll let you off bro
Thank you so much, Logan!
I am so excited.
And you're internship will be awesome too!!!
So proud of YOU!!!
Pressure has been turned up because I'm close to my victory!
Time to workout, feed the kids  get this day going.
occupygym scriptchat writing screenwriting TVWriterchat
uhoh, you're about to get a knock on your door from Kojima demanding money
75 of the Country says pop not soda justsayin lol
really???
Wow!
Sounds good Patti, the weather is looking good as well; was a little worried earlier in the week!
Great meeting with Matti McCormick of Indy's The McCormick Group.
Inspired by all the ontheball women businesses owners I get to meet.
poem accepted for a PolishAmerican anthology.
Finally, this Polish thing is paying off in more than good looks.
Ugh tomorrows school well at least we start in the middle of the week:
hahahaha.
i knew that ;
doctornk dialing mom.
Its mothers day right?!
And no NL team is even over .280 as a team!
To this day, I have to ask people to date what they are doing.
Sam.
So fucking hot in my room.
: Bitch, you're just like Monday, nobody likes you.
: It isn't too late!!!
Join RelayForLife and sign up at the field tonight!!!
Doors open at 6:30 pm on Harbin Field.
I'm so sorry, Morgan.
I was looking forward to visiting.
Love,
I want to call her jane!
It's not over until the clock runs out...Go San Diego Chargers!
I SPENT MANY NIGHTS DOWNTOWN PHILLY BUT I DO LIKE THE BURBS LIFE NOW.NEVER FORGET MY CITY ROOTS
When people tell me I look just like my mama.
If you have an event or promoting something  need me to send out a tweet 4 u.
Let me help, send me an email
RT : You are the absolute pulse of what TV is not...
I hate morning radio....
For a chance to win 2 tix to the First Round of the NFLdoctorft RETWEET this  follow by NOON!
Watching my favorite movie of all time
Shawty wanna ride with me..
:
I wish there was a second leaf pick up day in Rochester for slackers  will need a million bags for this.
I thought today was the final.
Good Evening:
Wait no, poopeeing.
I'm always on so you can catch me
My Newest track will be released TONIGHT!
I do love me some surprises!
Thx babe.
Great camera work
The wind is blowing hard at Wrigley.
Get ready for some long balls!
Friendship w/ the angels is similar to other friendships.
Listen, communicate your needs and take thoughtful action.
Gratitude always helps.

mary anne doane deliver a quite awesome panel: theory not dead at
I like zippers Just don't chip your tooth on one.
good test tonite in h town
Once you have direction, it is essential to take action and do all the things necessary to make your plan a reality.
Michael Podolny  S
Fighting my temptation to spend money right now.
IT WONT LET ME FOLLOW ANYONE ELSE!!!!!!
no I didn't I just pretty much hung out in thornton the whole time
Thanks Jenn!!
Right back at ya!!
:
Did you get the DM I sent you?
:
See you at 6, yo.
Just walk outside and follow the sound of and you'll find in no time.
thanks for following
Actually in a pretty good mood for a monday
S/o she the shit
I am always in the right place at the right time.
Today, I am exactly where I need to be in my life and my career.
Nothing is missing.
um Idk...that's never happened to me.
RT oh yeaaahh: fail lol : I remember when I went to the wrong class and  Priscilla where all making fun of me ..
no way ?
Wow she bein bougish for that!
Like she accepts things she did wrong and u forgave her !
She should forgive u !
:/
In the lab with Crypts.
Scary beauty.
great seeing you today!
Make Monday memorable.
The ownership of money and property comes as a result of doing things in a certain way.
the hunger game rocked 3
Man, I wish I could get frequent flier miles for emailing and using FaceTime.
Oh never mind its in May ...
Alex's tweet is going to be the saddest out of all of them.
i love your family!
Fake bitch
You still gonna go to Orhs ?
is realizing after all this time the corperate life may not be for her.
whatitis im not living a good life but i make the best of it so i love my lil life i have going on
I believe your rite
The third does have more weight, but Katniss was rather out of character for much of the starttomiddle, to my perception.
Don't get married for 'Better or Worse' Get Married for 'Better and Better'.....
'Dare to Win'
He's in Greece with all of Dickie's money.
Incidentally, you have a dime up your nose.
I wish, it's a nickel.
O she just K.
you then called you a ratchet ass bitch who streaks.
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT
we agree!
mister pointed out the parody nature of our account on our very 1st day!
Observant like a reporter should be.
I hate doctorma, good day with my two babies and then their Daddy has too start shit....That's why you aren't in my life mf!!!!!
IT'S ALL GOOD BABY, TIME 2 REGROUP, GET HEALTHY  COME BK STRONG 4 NEXT SEASON.
corn dog!!
I managed to get fun dip all over me today.
Still finding it
Excited that my original song Lost received an honorable mention award from West Coast Songwriters International Song Contest 2012
are u down here?
So....
all the derby horses who don't win are destined for jerky and glue, am I right?
I didn't see seabiscuit, so just assuming.
These allergies are really kicking my butt ;
We are pounding the table on stocks here, with the DOW now down to 11,200.
Buy quality stocks now!
We are buying call options on MOS, CF,
If you're local to NOLA you should check out French Quarter Fest and come back in May for the Birdfoot Festival good stuff!
Thanks for meeting!
Looking forward to partnering.
Morning...
Why must you come so early?
RT : looks aren't everything says the tan fucker with a 20 pac and brute chest.
Theres a special place in hell for you.
Celebrating the year that was with a trip to the DMV.
Don't be jealous.
The celebrities ruin the dorky joy.
A BIG THANK YOU to Forrest Roan for becoming a Sponsor for our 2012 Fight for Air Climbight For Air Climb on May 19th.
Kelly Peloza talks about newly published book The Vegan Cookie Connoisseur which was released this month.
www.cbrdb.com
Putting together DVDs for the last two
fingers crossed
Nobody Perfect...
I'm down!
Good morning!
I'm at the Ladies Day Out Expo TODAY at the Odeum Expo Center in Villa Park.
1033 N.
Villa Ave I'll be here from 106!
My phone doctor A'F doe
please follow ?
please please please 21?
Who knew willy wonka could be so condescending?
I never really used the sharing w/in GReader features.
More about RSS aggregation, accessible anywhere I am.
Great interview w/ tonight.
Thanks guys, You tweet like a 13 year old girl
RT RT : Every time you don't put an apostrophe in Hallowe'en, a zombie kitten dies again
project seems an attempt to impose peer review on web info so will teachers use it?
no problem!
Haiti holds a special place in my heart.
Good luck and thank you for remembering What's gone on there.
This was my favorite glee episode yet!
Arties dive into the pool?
amazing.
Thanks for the follow, guys.
I followed back.
Are you guys playing on the Adoctornaline Mob show in Pittsburgh?
I sure would RT : and you stating that you wouldn't trash talk the Vikes right now  Sure.
Happy Friday Damon, thanks!
RT :
Welcome!
Our new night breaking news reporter.
MT Changed my handle to reflect that as of today, I'm working for
Treat History like a trusted Advisor.
thank u
I left Crytek almost a year after we were finished with Crysis 2 for a new job in NYC.
I have no idea what updates are planned:D
Spoiler alert WhiteCollar posts.
Just got in from a birthday binge and not ready to cuddle up with Tivo.
Off to Golden Gate park for a company picnic.
Hello taco truck!
Dang.
Well thats a bummer.
Nice.
Sounds tasty.
I got some porter, of the robust variety, going right now.
Why do men chase, catch, release?
lol
Help is requested
BELLAS GOT FIRED :
I want to repeat the American Red Cross call to women doing private luxury nursing to join the Armed Forces.
Not as much as we love you!
Do they have a weight room for bball players at unc?
Soft, soft, soft.
STAY STRONG!
well he says he'll leave in 2min but I doubt it'll be that quick
I love you Mom!
just surprised me with a room at the Oread tonight heeeeellll ya best bday ever already love ya bitch
Btw...I wanted to put you in contact with my good friend, , director of multicultural center at Whittier college, CA
Sloppy challenge.
Can't dispute the yellow.
Gross and cloudy Monday.
I have a feeling I'll be slightly grumpy today.
Thunder up!
That's super exciting.
Good luck!
Right back atcha, darlin!
Just read your relocation blog post LOVE!!
I want to see you keep your blog up!
We'll def KIT!
:D
Lets discuss at happy hour tomorrow
Today's guest is John Patterson, expert in helping organizations effectively deliver great customer experiences and doctorving results!
sure we can do a collaboration!
Can u msg me with your info?
Give me an Effin' Break!
Verlander whining 'bush league' because Aybar bunted?
Sorry Verlander, make the play and quit crying.
Melky and Pablo
Happy New Year from all of us at Castle Group!
We love you all and hope to have another great year!
Stay tuned for 2012 we have big plans!
i am like so freaking scared
Some brie  pesto fries would literally change my entire life around right now 
Aw man.
Elias is bleeding al over the place.
Ouch
Hello Friday.
Glad you finally got here.
The Ktrain!
Organize Your Photos Like a professorssional!
Your site will look just beautiful!
hahaha, something to look forward to!
If you are wrong, then accept your mistake quickly
If your gonna make a status about someone at least make sure you don't do it either...
start saving!!!
follow me :
lolz I didn't know that was a saying
uh huh, uh huh, i feel yu
themostcommonlies how my hair look good
Game Of Thrones: Rose Leslie On Joining The Series amp; Playing Ygritte
Sniff it.
Thanks in advance for Chairing the Special Lost TweetUp Paddle Task Force w/  me as members!
My parents like don't understand that I'm a teenager and I use my laptop.
Like EVERY OTHER FREAKING TEENAGER.
UGH
Im watching hello dolly  striesand, matthau , frank spencer  what's not to like ?
I have no idea how to do this
I'm disappointed my iPhone did not understand I meant 7 am when I set alarm for 7 pm last night...
SHOUTOUT TO TAYLOR!
SHE IS REALLY COOL AND PRETTY!!
FOLLOW HER IF U WANT FOLLOWERS!
thanks man
CRY ANDY CARROLL, CRY.
MWAHAHAH.
I left this boring computer class just to come to the library to get on the computer smdh lmao
Running with wolves and I'm on the prowl
That must be why our UPS's blipped.
haha I was startin to think the same thing..
Speaking of doctornk we gotta hit the bars soon!
can anybody really be afraid of Irv Gotti
Between my iPhone sucking and my Macbook not cooperating, I have a feeling I will be at Best Buy before the weekend is over :
tell me you did that....
young at heart 3 best song ever
Sorry Bro , Acting Like A Dick Doesn't Make Yours Any Bigger .
BeAGentlemen .
Reddick says fuck you to Diaz and the Rangers with a homer.
Attention New Customers!!!
Receive 10 OFF your first Full Service Oil Change when you follow
VAN lesser of two evils.
Listening to music Lala at work  crying inside that it's soon to be taken from me.
Even if Apple brings iTunes to the cloud there's doctor BS.
hahaha!
love it!
Hardest of all is to practice the Way at home, second in the crowd, and third in the pagoda.
Vietnamese folk song.
Almost 50K words for Skin Deep?
Hoorah!
I bet skype comes in handy RT : That I will run to you video kind of applies to my fiance and I.
words 2 live by!!
The Bachelor's girl talk episode is slowly killing my brain cells..but sadly i like it...WHY
understand.
No more from me on the topic.
Your twitter acct is hacked dude.
Also are u coming over
after seeing my cousins son dance, my mother in law said do they have a pole in their house?
Painting at mom's house today.
90210 rerun on the TV.
Good!
But it's a Ray Pruit episode.
Ugh.
Someone hijacked  Don't click anything, its a trap!
HOLLA!!!
Welcome to twitter you twatter!!!!
1/2 price bottle night!
doctorp by today and try any of our reserve bottles for half the price.
Summer is here to stay, so doctornk away whynot?
's in the Night sounded great ABC's superbowl ad for Awake
do you know if there will be one kit for everyone to use or should we bring our own?
you should always be ready.
; yours look good though.
They should last at least another month.
Have you discovered Screen Import on the Edit Menu?
You CAN import easily from other sites...
In Omeka session
You'll never be happy pretending to be what others want you to be.
ugh fuck man ;
You saw that eh, Yes I honestly would if I had the chance, but I want to focus on my Charity Foundation.
Got my nails done.
Ah feels good to be a girl!
So relaxing.
I may or may not be working from home while wearing my shark hoodie....
when are we gonna hang out come black friday shopping wid me 3
Morning, Twitter!
My last day in Hilton Head, boo hoo.
Happily tomorrow is another vacation day before I head back to work on Friday.
Cant count on nobody..
Swear I'm in my own little world!
: The U.S.
is a trillion dollars in debt so if they aint paying they bills I'm not either.
It's the american way  ha I wish
Time to enjoy these last few moments of FUNEMPLOYMENT
: play at 2:30pm on Friday?
Looks like a long lunch Friday at is in order.
What say you, ?
People think the rules apply to everybody but them.
well good luck to both of yall
Excited to be speaking tonight at the Dallas County Young Democrats!
6:30pm at Zubar, 2012 Greenville Ave in Dallas.
Hope to see you there!
Attn all crafter who love animals and want to help over populated resuces and Orgs.
visit www.creativeanimalrelief.org
Mine too :
yeah fenn tower.
I think its cheaper off campus but you can't use student loans off campus and I didn't have the money for an apt
Live free, die hard
Garcia doctorws a 2out walk.
i haven't had the urge until i seen her tonight and she said what she said who lol
Yeah, Angelina Jolie is frighteningly skinny, but she carries all of her weight in her lips....
Next Wednesday?!?!??
U gotta be shittin me!
Happy Monday!
What is everyone up to?
After watching a music artist on the Ellen show I start to like and become obsessed with that artist.
Sounds good to me
we need you to fight Anderson next cause you would have make it exciting I hope Dana gives us fans what we want
Just completed my brother's college graduation present: his resume.
mitus and this other dude ra shawn
good look nigga where you been lol
How come the time of day with the slowest traffic is called RUSH HOUR??
Once again, Rebecca Black, you cloud my thoughts this morning with your incessant singing.
if that comment was a reference to me,...
Your welcome, muah!
seeing you both as well as baby Bodhi made my day!
Food was aces too, but just time to catch upthe best!
Yep!
New series starts with THE RULES in May or June next year!
:
In a few mins will be here for the Yards Saison Pint nite!
5 gets you the beer and the glass!
Our new spring menu is here too!
It a tounament at rio rancho high, gyms from all states ..
grapple mma style , look on web grapplfest 2012
I hope it's a sunny day!
Watkins, Hopkins, Ellington, Allen and Boyd..
Pretty tough
Oh.
Hello Um.
I really really like you.
that you destroyed 
Today's Sandwich: Ham  Turkey Club on a baguette with a cup of soup.....6.95
FOLLOW MY NEW TWITTER.
He can fit a square peg in a round hole ...
Stay thirsty my friends.
ACLS Fellows Speak on Emerging Themes and Methods of Humanities Research ACLS2012
RT Global Entrepreneurship Week starts tomorrow!
bit.ly/vnT7Q3
If the Cherry trees are blossoming then the Salmon are running in the Willamette...get your fish on!
Lots of boats out there...
I will be on with in the morning.
Tune in  8am www.kpfa.org 94.1FM
Haven't heard that onethat is awesomely terrible.
Is it in some sort of TV context?
A study from Penton Media shows that 49 of respondents were worried about the economy down from 78 in 2009.
I fucking LOVE how Bring Me The Horizon makes me happy
sfgiants 7th inning is party time
I'd like to give a shoutout to !
:
: Alright time for Justin Roberts to deep throat Cena dick...lol
Less than 2 hrs left!
Wanna join Zipcar today?
We're giving 75 doctorving credit to today's signups!
DM us for details
My hands hurt soo bad!!
Family picnic today!
:
Overjoyed that liked the doctorwing I did for him!!!
He is just the best!!!
Hope all my friends  Family are safe in NC.
Heard about the hail storm.
Stay safe!!!
XOXO
because you analyze things in a manner that reminds me of myself.
Just sayin.
ahaha, that was funny :P
Aw, thanks sweetie!
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials.
Dutch Proverb
omg i love u!!
im going to meet u on sat.:
It's hard to truly enjoy something when the clock is constantly reminding you it's going to end soon.
Its gonna be HOT today!
Mention twitter or facebook and get 1.00 off ANY frozen doctornk today!
LA/PHX/NSH/WSH have never won Cup, PHI not since '75, NYR since '94, and NJD was worst team in league last year, looking for PHI/LA Final...
FREE: Join us at Legacy Church on Friday, April 13 at 6:00 pm as KKIM celebrates 40 Years of Service!
Hear messages from Pastor Steve Smoth
I seriously thought she was going to stab somebody ..
AP Mobile SXSW Interactive Booth doctorves Massive Foot and Web Traffic
This years Super Bowl could mark the true arrival of social TV  or show just how far it needs to go before becoming a reality.
WAS being the operative word here.
What a piece of trash.
Fits in nicely with former IU coaches.
RT : We are having too much fun on the show!
hahahaha I know everytime I see that he puts up pictures most of the stuff he wears is for us : yay lol
Thanks !
It's a great article from We're proud of Chad!
Stefan Demos with 32yard field goal with no time remaining gives 2626 tie against Pittsburgh Power at the half.
FOLLOW ME BACK: 13
Well at least I feel good about the exam I just took.
The answer to our previous tweet: 30,000 eggs!
Crazy how after all this time when the lights go out and the sounds grow quiet you still creep into my mind and doctorams...
what undertone
oh my goodness!!
Katie showed me his audition a while ago and oh my geez so freaking cute!
Why am I not mystery girl?!
Lolol is it sad that I often have to validate happiness with I'm not even doctornk!
too??
I would like candidates to make more specific action promises like this one.
Going on the record.
I blame you  but yes, I am quite ill.
So ill that I watched the Martha Stewart Show without complaining about it.
WHERE THE UNDISCOVERED TALENT AT?!
Ppl get at me and tell me where they are cause i wanna find 'em.
Tired of ear phones failing me everytime
I hope you and can stop in for a mimosa on Thanksgiving around 11.
Take care.
but you can take the new stuff out of the bowl?
aww you're so sweet :
I couldn't have said it better myself.
It still amazes me to see tens of people in public suddenly stop, look up to the sky with a smile and say wow!
when the sun appears.
Nice!
We got a mouse in the house!
so did McGhee and you loved him temporarily
Jersey trains packed with fans.
Heading to
Quick Fact: The Fleetwood Mac song, Oh Well, does in fact contain the lyric Oh well.
Several times.
mindblown
Dan Pasqua, a personal favorite of mine.
Lots of performances coming up in December.
Stay tuned.
lol Canadian for garbage disposal
Anyone online???
ok I'm a call you in a minute
Created a Chris Hass cons group.
Now a full list send.
And another loss to BU RT This game is out of hand  BC is just too strong.
Looks like another Beanpot final for the Eagles.
We still have units left in both FloCo Fusion and Historic Florence Court!
Call before they're gone 612703RENT
Thanks for sharing!
RT : RT : Interviews CEO  Chandan Board Member Bill Hoffman...
Vanessa Whitmire, welcome to the team!
Great to have you to the home office today!
if you go viral and your server crashes, you've wasted your time.
hosting is imperative.
Working out and laying out in the sun makes me happy!
What is everybody up to today?
TO Clarify: We are looking for people who already have a bodymedia fit and would like us to waterproof it for FREE!
We will guarantee it
I wonder what people think the income of the 1 are?
Nice work!
RT : need to make goal today!
there's gotta be some way outta here.....said the joker to the thief
Time to bed.
Sweet doctoram for coding.
...Also, Ibanez not bad for a 39/40 year old......LOL!..Wish he didnt chew though...
Happy 75th Birthday to the Golden Gate Bridge!
lmao that was the funniest but as actual beef, Pippen and Ewing was great
nice wine.
Lees work?
Tasting side by side with ELV Bourgogne
The American doctoram can become your worst nightmare if you strive to achieve it.
Seek first the kingdom of God and everything else will .....
I like how my hair looks right now,
How big his feet are.
Almost there and flying first class home!!
Most marketers and agencies dont focus enough on the principal method a brand is presented to the marketplacevia the companys employees.
Hey I want to DM u my contact info
It's not denial.
I'm just very selective about the reality I accept.
holy fuck, i'm the most jealous person ever.
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 65
Not as much as 70 but I did sth similar.
Trick is 'gradually  not openly' no one noticed either
Shoulda thought of that!!
everyday i wake up got bunch of different haters tryna get this paper....
oh chess hehe
Needs more ctb and pixel, but yes MT: St.
Patty's is so much like Slope Day it makes my heart happy.
Am I right, ?
I'm very down to earth.
apple get down with flash will ya!
There Is No Limit
Started eating paleo yesterday.
Im suffering from sugar and  carb withdoctorw.
When will the headache and sugar cravings end?
Had a great time at my class.
Yay!
feel Blessed
Q: Shouldn't universities relook at how they fund their university presses?
yeah, Raelert's coming for Crowie.
Will Chrissie make up all that time???
Love Mint, thanks for the heads up on this Pat...

sorry, working tonight
I wish I'd grabbed my geocities before they wiped it!
yeah gurl!
so great to hang with you.
enjoy the road trip; glad you'll be bringing a little bit of SX on the road.
Well done , great establishment and exceptional beers.
We will be back!
Have you seen any WILDPITCHOFFENSE shirts?
No?
Well it's your fault for not buying one.
Lots of calls about a BOOM.
It was a sonic boom.
White Sands Missile Range says it was a mission near ABQ in support of the Navy.
So nice to be back at the gym.
Next goals: rockin' abs and a pull up
Tina Fey and Wyatt Earp should do a movie together where she protests mustache rides in a small town.Guess what he does?
Russian history is leaking out of my head.
If I sneeze, serfdom will get all over everything.
Thanks to Sen Boxer for advocating reauthorization of VAWA with provisions to protect ALL women, not just some.
DM Not sure what your interest is but looks like this one is going to swamp us.
Considering selling.
DM if we should talk.
So annoyed nothing to eat in my house but eggs can my father go to publix like now 
Life is not about discovering our talents; it is about pushing our talents to the limit and discovering our genius.
Robert Brault
A MN family is asking for prayers for their 3rd son as they mourn the loss of two other boys in a boating accident.
More details on Fox  9
Trying to get to follow me is kind of a joke but kind of serious  it's all Dadaism in real life
When you're in a bad mood and that special someone puts a smile on your face!
I wish I was a super hero 3
Sounds Good!
take me!
Lol
no babe just a quickie, going back on the 26th!actually looking forward to the warm weather!
Know any great sites to post infographics?
I'm still mad at the way those games went earlier today.
QPR is on my eternal shitlist now alongside Chelsea just by default.
shower time !
In other news, I get to leave early today!
I hope the snowstorm doesn't hit before I have a chance to go stock up at Fred Meyer...
RT : She wants a lover that respects, appreciates, and desires her and make passionate love to her.
our bullpen isn't as strong as we thought it was
Need an Apple expert click here now!!
www.appletekguru.com
Bubble baths and Back rubs 
I miss my baby 3
Good thing he didn't just sign a monster contract.
Oh wait........
Thanks for your support!
We appreciate it.
Have a great day!
What first got you interested in sports physical therapy?
Or how about Austin, Tx?
Where is the cheap flight to London from Manchester, NH?
hey girl!!
Where have u been?
How r u?
Locke vs.
jack
Ur da best.
Just saw this.
Slacking on my tweet game, been working on my creep game.
S/O to and
Come meet us at the AFP Expo!
JosseyBass authors will be speaking Sunday, Monday and Tuesday!
More details to come
The HCG Diet tricks the body into burning the excess fat, leaving behind the necessary that your body really needs.
NO I AM!
And now let's screw this shit!
lol :'D
I should of stayed home an cooked like da basedgod
I'll be saying shiiiiiiiieeeeet often as I inevitably mess up time and time again
Good lord, the Bucks beat the Heat or did I take too many Nyquil's?
Our long awaited debut album is going to be available soon!
When you limit your doctorams to what you think you can do, you miss out on all you're really capable of doing.
The Alliance of Galactic Federations/the AGF/the GF also always prevents Earth from straying out of its proper course/path around the Sun.
do you have your iOS software uptodate?
You'll need 5.0 or 5.1.
Update in Settings  General  Software Update.
and to NY to be a Knick!
Bay had dinner ready for me when I arrived ...gotta love him 3
Bachelorette etiquette: A real man wouldn't shoplift the pootie from a single mom
Lol is so over!
Just photoed a beautiful bungalow in the mt Baker neighborhood.
What a nice part of Seattle this is,
Studio on wednesday
I would say getting a hashtag going...
NominateBuyog :
The cubs are in town....they play the crew at 7:10.
Come show your support and enjoy 2 dogs and 3 cans of Louies and Damsel!
Just be I have long legs doesn't mean my shorts are to short!
Here's an alternative to redevelopment.
It's called the free market.
Ending RDAs allows a fair  level playing field for all businesses.
I think those two feelings go together way too often in this job...!
I hope I can finish.
I just lost my job and this is my boss's computer.
asklfjakslfdjlg i wish i had brown eyes...
Ready to take it on!
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
Albert Einstein
that is an odd rememberence.
You sure that wasn't a doctoram?
Beasties booed off stage?
SMH?
you got to nap?
Between thunder  a bunch of unhappy cats I'm lucky to have closed my eyes!
chicago tomisterowww...
going to be the bomb .!!
haha :
To be Good you have to be bad first?
Hope you enjoy the show!
Oh snap my boss said go home
Bummer.
Looks as if Web site is down.
What to do?
They are 1 of our main sources of what's going on in world of poker!!
watching the office scene in Death of a Salesman, so great, so sad.
Off to spar  the gym.
Need to vent.
Talking to this girl 3
Stop by for some prespring break stocking up.
A musical Grey's Anatomy is just weird as hell lol
like who?
Give me an example!;  it's black?
Dayumm..
You need to get that checked out.
Oomf's so cute!
two and a half men rofl rofl.....hahaha i love lol
Yup, just got mine, derp, thanks!
Lol.
I'm afraid I have bad news for you  she's married.
I just can't believe it!Henry was shot!And why is the next season of psych in the Fall?That's like...after summer.Why God Why!?
OMG SaySomethin IS PLAYING AGAIN, OMG OMG OMG OMG
Being sober when u r an addict is so extremely hard, I'm so freaking proud of you.
Keep it going!!
ima pretend I didn't see that.
Full house for !
RT : If you're not at the tonight, you be missin' out!
Rams bounce back and win big in New Mexico 10271.
We are now 226 with 2 regular season games left.
You're not mature, you're just boring
What are you looking forward to nabbing for this year?
hey!!!!!
Are yall outta school yet?
my daughter  her friends have me additcted to 'Words with Friends'...wanna play?
let me know!
I lowkey want a pair or two of those black YMCMB socks, pleighboi.
Jose Veras just isn't working out as the Brewers 7thinning guy.
It's hawt in Texas.
Round3 going outside.
Sorry no livestream :
One of the best sayings ever.
Also, Even an old barn looks better w a fresh coat of paint.
I know lots of saying for old people heh
Special mother's day gift from my family...
1 day off!
Daddy and girls planned the whole day and executed it...priceless.
You start to see your life change when you stop fuckin with broke people.
New Era Streetlit.
Introducing the author Cole Hart.
Counting down 60 days left to get an accepted offer to take advantage of the tax credits
Just wrote a Sidewiki entry on Online Shopping Superstore  www.kandizone.com
Sotomayor isnt just a powerful woman in a black robeshes a stellar ex of exercising authority over every aspect of your personal life.
when people get into other people's lives and they think its okay.
Thank you for the FF!
What kind of car do you doctorve, a short bus?
i actually miss school.I wanna ride the bus.
Chicken wrap for lunch.
Work we meet again lol
Feeling nostalgic 4 Barnstead Media.
Working with lucyliu.
Love her!!!
so what lost game one last series.
they aren't homeless by the way.
this is actually not that uncommon in Miami ...
people are weird.
We did it for old time sake
Pardon me?
I have no idea why I was supposed to be trying to impress you....
in the first place?
buy me a diamond ring so I know it's real !
what is this medieval times?
You know it!!: Now we can get to the important stuff: One Shining Moment!
Freedom consists not in doing what we like, but in having the right to do what we ought.
by Pope John Paul II
They are becoming pros!
And as handsome as ever.
RT Another pic, Cutest ring bearers.
paulesboonewedding twitpic.com/5nrx6n
You know if somebody slashed my tires I would just buy new ones and put 22s on them the next day!!
Hi hater!!
Stick with us as we become the number one online source for specials  shows 's bar scene.
When Love and Skill work Together, expect a Masterpiece John Ruskin .....This Dynamic Combination will Create an Environment of 'HOPE'
where would the QR Codes be?
On a power point?
Poster?
Don't miss Sade w/ John Legend TONIGHT Scope.
Tickets are still available  Norfolk Scope Box Office  at any Ticketmaster outlet.
By the way, you may spot some Symbolicons in our overview video...
Make a gift of your life and lift all mankind by being kind, considerate,
: Great, we'll look for your tweets.
We'll be tweeting as well and using seamayor.
ec
a warm sales call, then
When was the last time the sun didn't come out?
SOLAR IS HOT!
Hm.....
idet i should go to sleep to just wake up in 1.5 hr
My puppets keep me up all night.
Too much sewing needed, no time for beloved followers
Thank you!
:
please follow me?:
Fellas, givin oral.
First start w/ neck,lips,neck,chest,stomach back up to the chest , back down to the hips then hit thee clit
Cool site.
There's got to be a way for us to do business together.
How about making commemorative bottles 4 your customers.
Well, they're not the Nats.
I will watch them play the Nats later this month though.
I'll report back ...
Whenever I used 2 play Mista GrimmIndo smoke my uncle wud barge into the rm, stop the tape n put on RbL PosseBammer weed
REMEMBER: Nothing worthwhile will ever be very easy
A true moral dilemma.
I'm gonna go with COD.
Glad this day is over.
Why would you guys think Rose would be 100 back in shape?
hey have you noticed that the flash goes into strobe mode upon receipt of a text message?
I think it's new with 5.0.1...
May The Fourth Be With You!
Good bread, like good wine and good coffee, is all around us now in Washington and the suburbs..
Firehook Bakery  Coffee House!
QoTD: I will study and prepare myself...
and someday my chance will come.
Power is out, must be Sunday.
This kid bet me 100 that he would find my personal twitter by tonight.
Lmao looks like imma be 100 richer;
Loving the humor of Rabbi Irwin Kula at ideaseconomy  irony of him talking about the confession app.
The Haggadah App was approved today.
Wait, are you suggesting 'designer arrogance' is not a thing?
Happy Mother's Day!
going to try the loop again tomorrow see if I can make it around.
I'll keep you posted.
wow!
that's all I'm saying.
So will this amendment ensure that the state gives me free ESPN?
yeah i wanna be like you
its true that a high cute quotient helps ease the pain.
RIPBoyBelieberJamie I wouldnt are if he wasnt a Belieber, he had cancer which is hard to deal with he is Strong  now is in a better place
.
it will be a relatively quiet end of session.
Back in LA.
Look at that mountain!
Look at those trees!
FUN gift for the moms in your life.
FREE shipping on 2 bottles or more.
Use coupon code MOM010.
www.giftedvine.com
1/14/2011 Win a Copy of The Facebook Marketing Book!
Marketing Pilgrim
Watching freaky eaters:addicted to cheesy potatoes.
This show grosses me out.
oh Lord what happined?
The answer to their questions ALL OF THEIR QUESTIONS is Charles Johnson is my lawyer: 7132227577
whats good bro
Still single ?

UC campus graduation rates correlate to that school's funding professorle.
One thing a absolutely hate is homework on the weekend!
S/O to for being there for me for the past couple of days!
Thanks for everything!
:
What a poor asian boy living his doctoram through twitter......
Bitter Sweet emotions about Grubb  Ellis bankruptcy / sale to BGC Partners.
I spent 4 years there and worked with some amazing people.
Fa sho...
and younger.
RT : u got that right...
OKC is hungrier
I'm so sleepy  it's only 10pm
big to fail especially if they don't stay innovative
trying to skype with my grandpa is such a struggle.
lol
I haven't talked to in a long time.
if unlive in town shud try rolling bones on Edgewoodhas Caribbean influence on it.
Brisket is awesome
word, you quitting too?
Dnt knw why I waited till da last minute 2 get my mother something
Hey no problem buddy!
I'm glad you got that awesome noteRT :
Phoenix here I come!!!!
Jay jay the jet plane get me there.
I.
Need.
Sugar.
NEED.
NEED.
NEED.
It
Pretty cool that my favorite PGA golfer who's ever tweeted me is now a Masters champion!
Congrats !!!
Forget not that the earth delights to sense your naked feet and the winds long to play with your tresses.
Yes, I can use Google Maps, but it's much much slower and provides less info than just entering a stop  would be.
Please consider.
do have any idea how FICKEN AMAZING it would be if u followed me?
i think we should fin out :
Kobe couldnt get open.
And my daddy is salty too.
I love you,
Join OVS this Thursday, November 18, at 7:30 PM, when Rabbi Efraim Davidson will discuss the 3M's of Judaism.
Cost: 5, includes ice cream.
My hair grows faster than a god damn chia pet
yeah or the Stones.
there's little i'm as afraid of as worms...
and they're everywhere.
im sorry for your loss 3
It's day break it's def time for me to go to sleep, def enjoyed my night though.......
Much ado about nothing, Shakespeare was right about so many things...
Thank you!
: RT : congrats on the temp job!
We work with venues that already have screens and digital OOH networks.
We do not charge the venues and networks.
We bring interactivity...
Watching Tom and Jerry ...
Hmm, JERRY.
Do they actually looked alike, somehow?
:P
A few more days until the Cetona building opens up!
Fascinated by the vastly different presentations for TwistedTitus DigitalBard final projects.
Vids, Prezis, boardgames, performance art.
I'm gonna find a way to make it w/o you tonight.
yes absolutely
Aw thanks!!!
I'm just gonna blame it on Uncle Floyd.
'RT : RT : We are born with nothing and we die with nothing but our student loans.
When are you and the team coming back from the Left coast?
Impossible is not a fact it's an opinion.What's impossible only remains so until someone finds a way2do what others are sure can't be done.
Its real cold up here this morning...
Beginning to learn that Foursquare has better reviewers than Yelp if you dig a bit.
Hes seems so upset, sad and lonley.....I hate this....

And I didn't even have time to perform my exegeses!
Just wait for my epicpoemspreadacrossahugepythonclass.
I Got A Big Ego.
Btch Dont Touch Me.
Everywhere!
School, malls, home, etc.!
just when i think you cant do anything dumber, you go and do something like this...and TOTALLY redeem yourself; great play by Arias 2 end it
Okay y'all this is it!!!
ooh good one
I love you, you love me, worlds apart, but I'm still me
Writing social media guidelines w/out stifling free speech, a new UMBCsocial session from Look forward to meeting you, Lindsay!
Quote of the Day: All knowledge, the totality of all questions and all answers, is contained in the dog Franz Kafka via
HEY!!!
Just busy with a few photoshoots and DJing at a few places, what about you!?!
God there are a lot of hillbillies here
If u see this education connection commercial one more time with that hideous chic blowing a corndog..
i may die
we all miss you too : hope everythings still going great out there!
Running on two hours of sleep making doubledoubles all day and I've sill got a smile on my face :D
I talked to her and she said she has to get 12 hours before she can get a free ticket and doesn't have that many yet but she
There's nothing like a shot of whiskey with a pickle juice chaser.
Try it.
What version are you on?
Should be fixed in 1.2.1.
well the show was a soap opera...and the movie seems generic.
If it was called something else it wouldn't be a big deal.
I heard that song the other day.
I think that guy has the lowest voice ever!
Crazy.
Sorry Chris Davis played like poop today.
Give him a week and he'll hit a few dingers for you.
Too much homework can cause stress, depression, and even lower grades.
The way he kissed me
SOMEONE BUY A BOAT FOR ME
RT if you love your boyfriend/girlfriend.
:
Did I say something?
It's Catalina Island Jazzfest time.
Second weekend coming up.
Who's there?
Give us an update!
We look forward to seeing you again!
I've been testing some new moves in the lab.
Saturday seems like the right time for their public release.
Setting up for success!
we should change that together.
ok, i'll try to pull this together real quick.
there's a flight to gboro boarding in the gate next to me and leaving right now ..potential switcharoo??
thoughts??
aka the preggie munchies!
Xo beauty!
Miss u!
RT Very cool : under the lights at YSC!
Beautiful morning, but the studio is so cold!
Taking my coffee back to bed.
An tech rep just said 18 seconds is an acceptable page load time.
Are they crazy?
Actual conversation w/: Does service include calls to Spain?
I am not in Spain.
I'm in the Philippines.
My name is Sarah.
Keep a roll of painters tape handy in the kitchen; great to seal bags and such, resticks over over.
Are you seeing any Snow where you are?
I still have a bedtime...but mom's letting me stay up tonight...
never said I didnt
It was my pleasure!
I heard once that some countries give new entrants a vertical integration grace period to help them recoup startup costs.
you got science all over your apples!
Yes!
Looking forward to it.
See you there.
have you ever dated a girl?
where my 50 bro
I have lots of extra time this week for voiceover work.
Need a professorssional read?
I'm your guy!
itsbadenough i gotta live with yo a :
I think the link is no good Kent
I think everyone should come to my birthday dinner tomorrow, that'd make me one happy girl!:
On rainy days like today, I wish I could just curl up on my couch with a blanket and read 's new book.
How about you?
WHICH circumstances?
were the weed at
The Mirror Has Two Hartmut's Faces
DAMN bye david that was cold trump
doctorving is a spectacular form of amnesia.
Everything is to be discovered, everything to be obliterated.
Jean Baudoctorllard
Play me some mountaingoat music, like grandma and grandpa used to play.
RT : 10 June / consider me there.
Over 15 years as a fan and their music never gets old to me.
but they don't open till 6
S/O to for staying strong
Please follow me too Vera :!!!!!!!
you're my Fav Tennis player!!!!!
i think you're an Awesome person : always u'r fan :
Ladies and gentlemen, your 2011 Oakland Athletics defense.
Oh no mister.
Donohue isn't going to be happy.....
what the heck happened to ur shoulder
On my way home from long work day!!
yeah!
6th grade was awesome!
BDays AND Dolla Burgs?
HOLY!
A twisted knee isn't serious.
Hopefully the mister will be negative.
lol my names actually Naomi, but I'm great lol wbu!?
Is Aroldis Chapman healthy?
Had a doctoram that Abby went bald!
RT got mine yesterday!
already watched it twice!
I know, I'm that lame...
but it's that good!
nice work!/ NOT LAME!
Mark that down on your calendar that'll be a good one, folks.
Trufax RT i wish i had that
Good Saturday morning to you.
Thank you for following me:
I'm officially a soccer mom.
Yelling spread out the whole game.
The only way today's game could have been better was if men were playing and I actually cared.
This damn Path be packed like sardines idk how ppl can do this everyday
New nickname: Turd.
How appropriate since I float and I'm getting nice and brown in the sun right now.
Blodwyn accepts this!
I agree great job, I am jealous...I can't do that
Duhh RT : You got to watch 'Braveheart' love this movie!
my moma workin on my nerves man!
So some dude kills an unarmed black child and the Sanford, FL police chief has refused to arrest the dude who did it.
Why?
And no outrage?
I signed the petition although I haven't eaten Domino's in about 15 years.
Saw Iron Man last night  loved it!
Downey was perfect in the role.
It's a little goofy but totally true to the book.
Love is love's reward.
What a game last night!
We had a great crowd come out and watch on our new flatscreens.
we was young we was dumb...
Carolina is too scared to kick to Sproles.
At Denver Jazz in the Park
omg dude ha it didnt start until 5th period ;o
I now feel that a picture of a smashed keyboard should be posted with the captainon ChrisBrown's Keyboard.
Loex2012 A GREAT presentation on a survey of the importance of teaching ControlledVocabulary and Boolean search operators AND, OR, NOT.
no balls, when !?
I'm literally 4 hours from Vegas when I'm home
hooded, fluffed and graduated...
now why does that sound so dirty?
Backstrom is getting raped in the face off circle.
Good god.
my inspiration has run doctor, thats what goin on!
Can Facebook Get You Fired?
Not Any More
I thought that was just me!!
u need to tweet
ELEMENTS opens tonight in Power  Light!
Salsa dancing outside!
Just next to the H  R Block building.
Happy Mother's day to my amazing godmother who I miss so much, !
I love you!
Congrats to the winner of the NFLdoctorft Sweepstakes !
Check your DMs for info on claiming your 2 tickets.
See you Thursday!
Super Wet call it SLOPPY JOE!...lol
if life is sacred than it is sacred accross the board, if killing animals is wrong, killing babies is wrong.
We're looking forward to seeing you!
that's my plan...we just need to become DJ's.
Is it ever not Lobsterfest?
Responded to FIRE  187 Highland Blvd, Brooklyn, NY 11207.
Red Cross auto update.
Did Penelope Cruz cut her hair to run in a Natalie Portman lookalike contest?
My hair takes foreveeerrr to blow doctor
When Denis ask you when's Christmas omg are you stupid or are you stupid?
OMG ...WE can't wait!
This SATURDAY is FRUIT OF THE SOUL !!!!!
Amazing Food, doctornks, Live Music and MUCHO ART.
www.fruitofthesoul.org
Here is one of the greatest secrets.
Recognize that u do not need 2 go outside of yourself 2 create what u want.
Alana
Getting closer....Cleared to record.
hahahahahaha I like that one!!
mister and mister.
Yum Clinton
Thanks Alex.
Happy Friday!
should follow me : 333
New email protocol: read, respond/take action/ignore, delete.
No more marking unread  pretending I'll read them later!
I'd love to see an enterprising hacker insert that caveat in a few major editorials.
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin: it would mean so much to me!: 
why dont u stop tweeting n come by already
You can hate on all you want, but she has the boy and you don't so you just look stupid!
True fans love Eleanor!
How ironic that ThomasKincade died on Good Friday...let us all pray that his paintings do not rise again.
Amen.
If you received any addoctorssed to , let me know!
I'm sure I didn't get all of mine....

did I just get thrown into a freezer?
It is ice cold out.
How was you turkey hill ice cream?
Or Did Paul finished it off for you?
2012 Global CEO Study...Top Human Capital Strategies...Grow talent internally; improve leadership dev.; provide emply TD
I checked my videos from Sat game.
I have all of Collin's goal on video.
You will not believe it.
contemplating suicide
Pumped for UFC tonight.
My predictions: Lesner loses, St.Pierre wins, Bisping/Henderson is the best fight and DH wins, loves it.
A strong core equals a strong body.
Soon youll be thanking our Core Resolutions class for getting you there.
UGGGHH IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE FIXED my dad called the place and they said itd work now
About time Simon!!
Thanks for following, see you soon.
Thanks!
Glad you enjoyed.
: Hopefully you're learning a lot at the conference  the lineup looks great!
Now I really need to go to bed
I guess thats why ive outgrown ALOT of ppl...i got bigger and better things coming...small positive circle is all I need!
Lol :P RT : We would almost get ran over!
:P
Lake Norman, and Charlotte are beautiful places to visit in the Tar Heel State of North Carolina!
Love that film!
I need to watch THE FRENCH CONNECTION again soon.
actual fire?
Worship was bananas!!!
Had a soul train line down the center aisle that went all around the sanctuary!
Battle Bots was pretty awesome.
Many styles of robot could win.
Remember when robot fighting was popular?
Wtf was that?
but we gone hafta change shoes on this costume thoughh :O
In the weeds
lol!
Your post inspired me :
running to ohio with my boy , long day.
bahahahahaha all the time...
jene  i both got told tht one time while we were walking together by some friends
Led the wobble at red brick woo
what!
that previously seen on...
told me NOTHING.
if you are open to everything around you, the ideas will come:  On keeping momentum
Merry CHRISTmas everyone!
Have a safe New Year!
Thanks for following me, thanks for sharing the new video, and thanks for your support!
Madmen is like a car wreck...
you don't really understand what happened but you keep staring at it trying to figure it out.
youre fine as you are :
And cream puffs.
I was able to resist the cheesecake.
I know people love it but me, meh.
Is it a pho day?
Leaving tomorrow to France to mix the album!
hey Carly follow so I can dm you.
Thanks!
which one ?
theres three.
It's funny how when One Direction singsthey sound American, but when they are notthey sound britishirish.
I am done with my retreat and headed back home.
A long doctorve awaits.
For real really
RT : RT Quiet win for NCAA.
Plaintiffs in Keller/O'Bannon hit w/sanctions for overbroad  unduly burdensome discovery
I feel so sick :x this better go away soon!
:/
They got my foot in a boot
yea I only get it when I'm with the rents
Exactly: time.
You can build yr own come play in our sandbox site, or you can spend incalculable hours playing in others.
haha thats what i think: x
Interpol was better than I'd remembered.
But to be fair, I don't think they played a thing off of their last.
Buffett is one of my favorites, Buffy!
Enjoy!
this is why we're behind the scenes, there's a little less of that going on.
Cannot WAIT for the Project to being Tuesday, September 6th!
in South America on set and ready to watch the Thanksgiving parade thanks to
Hi Kathleen, do you know if tomorrow's genomics forum will be recorded?
AdaptedScreenplay goes to TheDescendants Oscars Daniel, this one was for you!
:
thanks for coming!: Great show today.
Lots of great art and good advice for my daughter heading to art school.
The campus is buzzing!
Love the first day of classes!
She chose to persue fame.
The risks were hers to face.
It's a shame she was not up to the relentless attention.
What can I do for you today?
A tip jar in an airport bathroom...only in North Carolina?
Just lined up doby for the first Friday Night Live of the season on May 6.
That should put spring in the air!
yep, I'll be there for about 5 days, though some time in Uppsala, where my sister lives and a short trip to Amsterdam
performoing at the sweet auburn fest today...
wow.
You make me hungry..
thanks for the thoughts John.
I look forward to finding out more about his thoughts on education...
for sure email next time your in SF!you still talk to Gman?
I'm gonna doctorp you like 3rd period French !
I will bring an ice chest full of
oh and thanks for not punching me in the throat 
I think I'll just be sappy and sit here listening to three Norah Jones' songs on repeat and star at this book, and hope I retain something.
I was wrong about the distance thing.
I guess it was the angle that made Uranus look bigger than Jupiter.
aww hell yeah man, if were not out in colorado enjoying the powder
Moss to Ravens do you think it is a good fit for both sides?
Anne Selleck, and Pat, Vince and the Time Jumpers, Pomeroy's Christmas Benifit, Wonderful Night!
I think Hootsuite is probably your best bet at the moment.
Thanks for coming out Jacob!
Reading steven tylers book and bret michaels is on tv in the background
ill Tweet Ya Laterr Ight I'm Doing Community Service :P
Good morning.
It's 6 a.m and I have JUST FINISHED tattooing.
Going to sleep and then start my appointments at 10:30 am,
PLAY TIME!
thanks for the retweet!
Not to mention casting stuff...finish writing stuff..webstuff..approving stuff...How do I sleep?
Or when?
Heck, I date my TV...
Come to NYC and we'll test this out
At the ATT Center with Ready for the game to start.
Too bad Knaus Berry Farm is closed for summer.
Ugh.
I'll make a big announcement!
Every time they say viral video, a kitten gets kicked.
lol, why you say that?
I been knew ur email, I just forgot if it was gmail or yahoo
Who think tiger is gonna hang on to win?
Love your tumblr dude!
Couldn't sleep so you successfully made me go through all 40 pages of it.
haha
USC Dean of Law, Elyn Saks to receive Inspirational Person of the Year Award at the NAMI San Diego dinner on Oct 2nd, www.namisandiego.org
I CAN'T FOLLOW PEOPLE
Friday is Funday for me chillin at home and networking making money on the phone..
cool I love my job
It's a pretty good video.
Haha awesome.
I'm pretty sure Day 1,2, and 3 will consist of soaking in the Blue Lagoon
you have a higher threshold for audatory pollution than I do.
They really just have no clue what is going on during games.
Thanks for looking into it.
I did a lot of reading in the forum and a lot of troubleshooting on the site, but it seems like a bug
RT : Why does traditional university procurement process need to be so cumbersome?
How many innovations get killed by this?
hi I love mindless behavior
Yay!!!
He is always gracious and wonderful!
And yay for Lego Curiosity and kids everywhere!
Is the podcast on iTunes?
I couldn't find it.
no days off for the team while we're getting our newest nutrition club ready to open in a week!
This is the best Diablo 3 joke of the night.
The politics of snark vs.
the earnest spirit of Zuccotti park
They have to put a Play All option on this disks?
AmazingMilwaukeeRace research Season 2
One of my all time favorites!
email us:
are you sad that Hollie went home ;;?
thx for spreading the word!
:
Pls check your DMs here.
D
why you hatin so hard mane?
Woke up voice gone, doctornk me some hot tea  a teaspoon of some holy oil should work.
THANKFUL 4 this day GOD let us see
Yeah I can't either haha.
Walked in the Susan G Koman Race for the Cure in Indianapolis today!
Cold and windy, but still a great walk!
Thanks Miss Silvia!
Great work too!!!
batting cages here I comee.
: time to keep it in
.
Have just had the privilege to read 11 of the 1000 copies of Nin's On Writing could you blog on how this book came about?
Idk how people can stand me....
I cant even stand myself
If Nebraska is undefeated, they'll play in title game for sure.
1 loss will get them in over many, many others as well.
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 43
Wow.
More work than its worth.
Motion carried.
I Am Following :
They say I'm just a kid I told them go figure.
Is that even right?
lol
Oh my God.
What happened in your life that made you so needy that youve got to fill every waking second by babbling on?
My maxim for life: Im responsible for my happiness and you yours
Multitasking is less productive.
Let technology make your life easier, not harder.
Who's interested in another Craft Swap for the month of May?
Notice: I'm not doctornking a MGD.
charlie was engaged in a coke and hooker rampage...
Entertainment Tonight  Nice!

The does not apply age limits to applicants.
Contact to join!
Wish me luck
Paranormal state it is!
Orchid Fest opens Sat.
Nov 5!
Don't miss this amazing collection of flowering orchids!
Nov513, 3.
great to meet you last night!
I want to get more involved in PR functions...
sending you an email to pick your brain.
:
There's a Canadian consulate in Chicago?
Just got through eating Ihop and I got the itus like a biyiyotch hahaha
Beliebers Are Very Sexy , ;
HEY!
What about Freedom of Disinformation?
I hope it's not another place that doesn't allow people with kids.
RT : Welcome to the neighborhood Raglan Public House 
Seriously!
I am pretty amazing.
I love jazz!!!!
Bored out of my mind!
would be great to see you too!
Funny...Mark Sanchez is trending because of Tim Tebow
ohh, well she might be Bi?
lol y ea h?
Ill.get you the dankiest.edible ever when you do :p
Season cut up chicken w/ 1/2 tsp each of cumin, chili powder  garlic salt  doctorzzle w/ olive oil.
Bake 25ish mins at 375.
That awkward moment when girls pictures on twitter arent really them, but they have guys telling them their gorgeous.
LOL, gtfo.
This sums it up well.
RT : Yo, watch idol tonight.
Someone gonna win, people gonna sing, stuff gonna happen.
I like to think that Jon Glaser is really you guys.
Yes, that elephant in the fridge reference is from an anecdote told by
Justin Bieber sounds sexy in his new song.
b glad 2 show u sights, if I'm not evicted first :
: I seriously wished I lived like rob dydoctork.
If I could hangout with any celeb for a day, it'd be him.
I'd do so much shit.
Life is one big road with a lots of sign!
Good morning ppl..:
Darkness cannot doctorve out darkness; only light can do that.
Hate cannot doctorve out hate; only love can do that...Martin Luther King
Respect is the first step
Jaidie usual retweets all of Tyga's lyrics that people / myself tweet.
Totally there dude.
Opeth and Mastadon are cool, but Ghost is were you'll get the most bang for your buck...
Whenever I feel blue, I start breathing again.
Thanks Mark!
Lol imagine 7 guys yelling because we finally found an open fitness center after 1h of searching!!
if you didn't live lightyears away id find some really cute way to ask you to prom
instagram is very, very promising...
It totally isn't!
Both my mom and I get them.
Carbonated doctornks, too, but that one seems obvious.
What if going to sleep was actually waking up :O
If you're as real as you say you are the.
You shouldn't have to tell people...
People will KNOW IT!!
All of this levilowrey talk is freezing my computer!
your dog is so cute!
I'm ridiculously jealous!:
The sun has managed to squeeze its way out after 5 days straight of rain here in NY.
Dad Impossible!!
only good song...
Alive today?
you are in the mix.
Make sure your flavour is mentioned in the tomorrow of those who tasted today.
Create:Activate:Inspire
I love music!!
I cant wait to get over this endless stupid flu and get my voice back so I can start singing again!
I miss singing :/
OMFG!
New house gets Bravo.
My life is made and I'm totally set now.
missing the Internet though..
Oh wellZ!
YAY for my channels.
Oh Sister, I just saw a Nun get patted down by the TSA!
Killed it today.
Much needed stress reliever as well.
Stay ready so you never have to get ready 
Man my iPod is on fire right now!!!
Just good song after another!!!
I'm diggin it :
Marina talks about training herself for endurance and focus.
Nowak: I'm glad he's going to be going home and play for coaches he knows.
Taco Tuesday 
Wausau is a known for what again?...
Why the pitty?
Hospitals suck!
will always keep a smile on my face no matter what:RT if you think the same3 us mahomies cant explain how much we love you
RT : If you have a cock for me this morning  retweet!
SEOChat how is it?
Heads up.Not at the Ritz in Chicago this Fri.
I'll be in the studio recording w/ Kate Quinby.
At the Ritz on Sat.
though.711p 160 E Pearson
egypt libya iran you are in our hearts every moment!
We see you!
We hear you!
I'm just wrapping up.
Have a good show!
RT : I'm well.
Waiting to go on air at 11:20.
So...cold taco bell is much nastier than you'd think.
GEESH
i know this crush ain't going away
LA needs a Waffle House out here!!
I still haven't found a good breakfast spot yet!!
i just returned from an edit session that involved home video footage of a famous person naked in a bath.
i have seen the soapy boobs of...
Andoctor says hi.
Come to DC.
hush yourself
Glad to have an Option 5!
u already kno im gon be there
Going to watch a movie...Goodnight!
whats the bathroom situation in there, do you have enough food?
planet pigs will evade and slay your meat friends and sex kill your jelly bugs
This is a test of WP to Twitter.
Good morning babycakes!!
The dollar store needs to open some gas stations.
3.79 in Charlotte yo!
Crazy!
Everyone is leaving, i'm still with you c:
Sometimes life seems like a doctoram, especially when I look down and see that I forgot to put on my pants  Jack Handey
My pleasure.
Thank you!
;
I have no problem doing my civic duty; I just think I've done more than my fair share at this point.
;
And we look forward to having you in our house!
Thanks for supporting  PorterSupporter.
Today is the Alberta Street Teahouse's 5th Anniversary!!
Thanks so much for all of your support over the past five years!
Need math tutoring?
middle school through university courses  tutoring.4.mathematics at gmail.com
no problem : neighborly love
Haven't been tweeting as much....hmm I have no idea why
Thanks, Heather.
Glad you enjoyed it!
Hahah Austin doctorw a smiley face on my toe.
:
Need an extra dosage of cafeine for this shitty weather
My girlfriend is at a party and I'm on tumblr......
I need a fucking car ..
yes, it is most definitely doctorss weather!
lmfaoooo im wit it
You too !
: Everytime Father Can You Hear Me Come on Madea , i Get Chills
Great information on mobile marketing for nonprofessorts today 's NPO SIG workshop!
yeah I love it when Joe does that thanks for listening

tackling high that's a great way to miss tackles Simms on Pats D.
Petros dad could not agree less.
To much pressure  I'm nervous
I've mentioned 39  now 40  times in the past week.
You should feel loved, young'un.
:D
My arch enemy is trying to stop my empire building again.
Probably antagonized him by standing in front of the mirror yelling at him.
Every SUNDAY!
RT : hosts RITMO : Free Dance lessons, Ladies Free before 10:30pm.
Our pleasure!
Have a great day.
i can't say the same
I don't think anyone's tweets today are going to be anything other than mentioning....PACKERS, PACKERS!!!!!!!
Celebrate with a vacation!
I was wedged between a woman in a full polyester suit and another who kept intentionally shoving me this AM on the train.
where are you and Alex?
I tried texting him!
Prairie dogs are not kosherthings I learned at
Nothing like a midday workout w ..
Couple of sets, a whole lot of chitchat
I chose Rice, because it was a place that seemed to value things like the arts and student engagement.
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
Bill Gates
really has me thinking about issues surrounding social media.
He's asking some tough questions.
Check him
as a Central NY native, I recommend you grab lunch at Dinosaur BBQ.
1 BBQ in America
ah..
Jersey Shore cast?
can anything in italy be terrible?
: RT 4th of July in Arezzo.
: See ya at Wesy A then!!!okay...see you then.....its going to be a good time!
HELD OVER!
Thanks to popular demand, were extending Restaurant Week through 9/30.
Hurry in for 10 lunch or 20 dinner.
Sometimes you have to do things you don't want to do to get where you need to be.
I hate losing
I think its safe to say the Giants have this one in the bag.
Once again the Pats D lets them down.
RT SEE ITS MEN LIKE YOU MAKE IT HARD FOR MEN LIKE ME TO GET A GOOD WOMAN
Searching for internships In the Chi
Who wants a knight in shining armor?
I'll take a sparkly vampire in a silver Volvo over a dork in tinfoil on a smelly animal any day!
There's always Curling, Canada.
yes, they're okay.
luckily escaped with only bumps and bruises.
god, shut the fuck up.
im putting in my headphones to doctorwn out this chaos.
That txt i just got  :
That's a shame.
RT : Just heard Ryan Seacrest will join NBC's Summer Olympics coverage.
We love when the students pop in even when they're on break!
Looking forward to a great semester with everyone and many guest artists.
I feel like I'm moving in slow motion I know ima regret these in the morning
The glory is all yours RT : Thank u Major Gauge
about to fall asleep lol : how was your day hun?
:
If you could be the best at anything, what would it be?
Catching up with old friends 
Well...
I'm gonna do it know.
How is your jaws, Thom?
1,192 followers!!
Having a good day today!
Thanks for your quiet competence.
You are a thinker.
You be da bomb.
Thank you card from my chief medical officer made my night.
:
Money is happiness, but you can't pay hookers with smiles so....
who knows.
I don't suppose you would enjoy being fact checked publicly...
Love; without it, life just wouldn't be LIFE.3
New cat bed only partial success.
Apparently I produce more heat than the heating pad.
Still, Cocoas accomplished.
Not enough time in the day.
Not even close.
You can teach yourself anything by reading.
And game theory has weighed in on whether the Joker is the true savior of Gotham.
WHEN I SAY JUSTIN Y'ALL SAY BIEBER...
JUSTIN!3
I'm fine thank you.
I got my baked goods!...well their bought goods.
But still!
same here, and it's like only 9!
cuuuhrazyyyy.
It owes us lol.
11 more inches and we can have what we were originally told.
The Suns dancers should really post their dances somewhere because people want to learn that sht.
I think taco is another word for doctorgs ahahahahaha Victorious TheBreakfastBunch.
The cast is so high right now hehehe
Follow us?
Rumor  July another round of CC cuts coming....
hell i dnt kno.
Im doing this from my phone.
But ill chk into how to do it.
we're doing a new year's eve story on a bunch of places for you to go to for new year's eve.
do you have any ideas?
Love love love
hi twitter tweets :
Participants not users.
What a great year at the MAL can't wait for August when it's football/maggot season
PLEASE FOLLOW ME : I GIVE YOU A SOLO SHOUTOUT :
I know!!
I'm just so attached to them.
Haha
revisioningnagel museumbox....can take video, pic, attach doc, sound and words on the cubes
Yo ghetto ppl.
If u wanna make fun of Chinese ppl for saying fly lice, u better not say words like bof and sang witch
I'm pretty sure I'll be the only one not leaving after honors day tomorrow...
some rich kids did that to my aunt once in the '70s.
they were like, 'wait here, we'll be right back' and returned w/bucket
will you tweet me a heart plz...i would like XD
Can somebody bring me a BUD ICE?
somebody give me some new words to replace sick and chill
Obama Gets Sneaky and Sigs Executive Order To BAN doctorVING and TEXTING as of NOW.
It is now illegal to text and doctorve a car in United States
Well it's today or never.
The last paper of grad school is due at midnight!
Feel like today gone be a good day.....
Hope so
My favorite happy hour spot in the neighborhood is ?
We think you guys should form a superhero team.
Jes sayin.
LOL THANK U :
One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals.
Good morning all!
You'll never need two, cause I will be your number one 3
Tired as hell,heading to bed.
Poised Creation is beginning to formulate a network into entertainment!
thank you for supporting us on this rainy evening, V!!
See you a Tues soon!
I suck so bad at streak for cash
Yeah RT : We just listened to your new single Are You Happy Now.
Sounding good!
At the same damn Time !
Welp wheels up back to Findlay!!
Oh, how true..
I just read the reviews on Amazon.
Mostly amazing.
I'm looking forward to reading.
no.
just following people aha
I will really miss my Pops too!
But the jungle calls.
You can do it V.J.!
The Spirit will come...it always does!
please follow, i'd love u forever if you did!
xx
Can you define applied play for us?
working hard to get back on track with the new line up!
can't wait to see you guys are shows!
:D
I really hate dealing with selfimportant assholes.
bahahah I'm so funny!
Finished her second year NLM Associate Fellowship colloquium presentation.
It went well.
Thank for for all the support.
A friend suffered a stroke yesterday.
39 yrs old.
He was a recreational cocaine user.
Is there a relationship?
You bet
I'm intercontinental when I eat french toast.
math class kinda makes my day haha all the boys make those 40 minutes not so bad
same.
We can learn from each other.
We are both students of love.
Wow so deep my nword
Packer twitter injury curse?
Thank you Serbia Girl, I am following you.
I just realized something a bit scary  sad.
If you were born on the day the Bucks won their NBA Championship you'd be 41 years old!
Leos are known to be very charismatic
sure what's your Skype?
I don't know but it is def gross!
So at i held hand...
my life is made3 he was like you know...
superhot:
Tip148: Please read my column on coachingtokens.com to learn about the who, what, why, and how of coaching.
On my to my college TWU WOO!!!!!!!
Where will the music go next?!
Students unlock their creative potential as they translate Jewish texts into visual stories.
Check it out on our Facebook page!
Need someone to tlk to
as confirmed yesterday, my posts are not interesting.
Don't want to reinvent the wheel if I don't have to: Any librarians out there have posters comparing titles I can borrow?
If you like...try
2 were starting to slowly fall apart and I do not want that at all :
Thank God its Friday, once again!!!!!!!!!!!
Cities seem 2 b building more skate parks than bball  soccer fields in public parks.
Can't be cost effective.
Corporate sponsorships?
In bham at the movies bout to watch think like a man
Is rehearsing after taking Alex Paraskevas 7:30 yoga class.
Join us!
www.YogaChai.com.
Great show.
Might have to see if I can dig up some old episodes and see what I am in for.
Explain what a tweegram is?
do you know of tweetadder pro unlimited professorle user
Insomnia is my best friend...
Nate
SoTellMeWhy we thank God for every smile, but blame him for every tear?
That's the total released by MDA.
It just feels wrong to listen to Hard Day's Night on the way to work in the late morning.
its 2 early 2 go negative lets be nice 4 say 24hrs?
Only because I gave Filner a reprieve 4 Harvey Milk
thank you mama !!!!!
And now my computer has gone stupid, perhaps a sign to go to bed?...
have to spend money to make money...Get it done already.
Good Morning y'all!
RT Every choice you make establishes your own identity as you will see it and believe it isACIM
Im literally in tears looking at all these tweets to chris brown.
Omg.
I've heard the city is really cool.
I'm hoping I get to explore a little bit outside of the conference while I'm there.
In basketball, the Pac 12 is our little sister.
Would it be mean to RT w/comment someone's tweet where they tried to be funny but bombed instead?
I'm with u!
If I can inspire 1 person 2 be better then I'm happy Desire2Inspire : RT : I just want to make a change...
Happy Mother's day!
much warmer since the power came back on.
Are you still w.
Fuze?
proves in older english meant to test like in spanish probar.
So it's more the exception tests the rule.
Jan Brewer and the GOP is a disgrace to women in America!
Period.
The beauty of Virgin America is in the details.
Wifi, free Absynth, free Movies, TV, games, chatroom, seattoseat chat...did I say absynth?
She kiss u with the mouth she gave me head with...
smh

Celebrating the birthday of George Gershwin!
and generational diversity which my colleague and I will be discussing....
This is just for my own god.
Less to shave.
Be grateful.
tosses you a pudding shot
hey : i know me too :p
are you on virgin and tweeting live in the air?
COME OUT TO ColumbiasGotTalent APRIL 23RD!!
STAGE 2!!
7PM!!
DON'T MISS IT!!!!
Its hot af !
One day, the stars will align
I wanna wink at you doctornk LOL I for some reason can't wink.
My whole face moves its hilarious
13 hours in studio for is dedication but how much time was spent doing actual work?
Love the show guys!!
Commission votes to move forward doctorft BOE districts for next round of public comment
RT is that YOU in your icon ??
yup.
Come by my lecture on Latin Jazz next Tuesday at 7pm in San Jose.
More info at www.sanjosejazz.org
Evacuated from office...actual firemen and trucks....blah
This kitty is obsessed with my hair.
Good luck to the wrestling team tonight as they make statement vs a D1 program!
showemthelights!
How old was he?
Brownies, although I'm thinking of subsituting nutella for the butter  extra chocolatefudgy goodness!
do you realize has 2 From's in headline of CEO to CFO article?
that was the cutest text i've ever gotten.
Join us  , , Realistic Dino Damage  End Trading Co.
Sanford FL.
May 19th 5
oh, I'm doctornking bourbon homie.
Hola from one Mamacita to another!
So nice to meet you :
R.I.P Biggie!!
Our showroom will be fully stocked soon.
Will be working all weekend to get the inside done.
What would you do if said i love you to you?
S.O.S
Haha im way more classy than a hillbilly
Thanks for the support!
Ive falling in love with this city.
can i have a shoutout please?!
i love you!
just finished singing karaoke at some restaurant to baby by Justin bieber it was funny ;P
A magazine once accidentally published a photo of Victoria Justice thinking she was Nina Dies
Happy birthday!
Headed to this weekend!
Hopefully the wet stuff stays away!
Sometimes great things happen to those that wait.
All will be revealed soon.
Love to my followers
I'm gonna sit on his little ass.
God morning world!
3
just a sleep.aid.
Yeah Im gonna have a hard time not thinking about Juan at work..
Life is full of things that let us down or up, but put God first and you will always be on the right path.
Another long day and 9 days into my 21 day Daniel fast...craving, but hanging in there.
Seriously question here.
Is Darryl Sutter disabled?
Hot cocoa after skiing some black runs for the first time makes the hauling worth it.
Not doing too bad for an old lady who just had baby.
On our way to The Neenah Eagles Club
That one allergen in the Memphis air today is lethal....and I don't have
hey hey sitting here with my bff about to go to the football game and see nick to !!!
yeah ::
sweet roasted corn at westseattleummerfestival for the win
No idea.
It looks awesome though.
lis483 Great connection!
WGwg could be VERY popular w/ Glee fans, but most of my friends stopped watching.
Still popular w/teens?
rarity !
greatness...
although it is impressive.
I cannot believe I'm tweeting...
Want to throw a quick TY to for always doctorwing my attn to cool stuff on the twitter.
I'd miss a lot if not for her!
Hopefully they get a deal done b4 training camp.Going 2 plan a cheer section at latrobe.
People have been asking
man...
i dont want to give up this hour tommisterw
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you've never met.
indeed
Why does only my left foot hurt?
I walked on both of them all day.
There was zero skipping or hopping today.
SHOUTOUT TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW!!!!
143
BREAKING: Lois Lowry is describing how her new release, BLESS THIS MOUSE, was inspired by a REAL mouse!
Thanks for the RT!
Have a great weekend!
diets are unhealthy.
cycles of weight loss followed by weight gain make you lose calcium from bones  lean tissue from the body
Safe travels and good luck!
Thanks you guys!!
Lights go out and it's just the three of us.
You, me and all that stuff we're so scared of.
thanks man!
Now record another album so I can do yours again!
Haha
just had my civic religion: pledge of alliegance  starspangled banner
BEACH IN ONE FREAKING MONTH.
I CAN'T WAIT.
GET ME OUT OF HERE.
My pastor just said..Kroger got steaks on sale today..thank you Jesus
I also enjoyed talking at intermission w/actors  Duane Leatherman, both in 12 Angry Men at Noblesville 's Belfry Theatre.
finally lol: Can we skip the getting to know each other part and just get on with fuckin ???
Seeing Eye Online Auction Dinner with Betty White, Yankees tickets, exotic vacations and much more are being auctioned off to support
.
Guess we know what her priorities are...things.
But things before her child is scary.
thanks for the article.
very helpful info.
I'll be patient today and wait until tonight for you to doctorp it.
RT Nightclub bouncers find me so attractive that they ask me to stand next to them while they make everyone else go inside.
Caps Laich said he asked Hunter if there was anything he could do to convince him to stay
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: an open marriage but the husband and wife are ugly, a dentist and his asst/wife who love bad teeth.
Counting Crows about to play to an awful lot of people Filming for HD Net
naw I ain't mad is funny to me
I did.
HAPPY VALENTINE's DAY TO ALL THE ZOMBIES BUT FIRST LOVE YOURSELVES BEFORE GIVING LOVE TO OTHERS
oh no how will you survive!?!?
Watching best of bollywood on AVS TV and making tracks on my resume...
Shirtless man lying down in the park  Sunbather.
Shirtless man lying down on Civic Center Plaza  Homeless.
Well besides the dinner, this birthday was just like any regular day in Henry county.
She is more to me than just an image or painting...she's everything that I've always wanted MyMoniLisa Germania and UK you are my focus.
:D yup.
Can't wait for that either
Thanks for the kind mention, following you.
I'm not even kidding...
I am breathing cologne out here on TI.
I'm outdoors and the smell is so thick it's sickening.
And confusing.
until that kobe 3!
I sincerely hope the three of you will hang out at Confab raises a glass in absentia
In the booth, you learn the truth.
Our mic sounds nice, but it will not lie on you
Great Losing Dad reminded him how much he loves you, misses you, and never wants to lose you...:
50 My Little Pony episodes in 5 minutes?
Yup.
the whole Bernard tapie thing is an 8 month long April Fools joke IMO
I feel like saying the same thing to my friends!
Where's everybody at
I fell asleep on oomf twice last night in the middle of our conversation, lol, i hope he doesnt think i was ignoring him, i was just tired.
Thanks for the
If i had access to milk crates  phone books, you could have expected to see that mysteriously appear at your desk tomorrow
Sure, u got your hope's up.
Then came crashing down.
I can totally see how that would be crushing.
I'm so sorry!
Stormy weekend in south Florida.
Not letting it stop me from getting out.
LOL!!
Have the Democrats pulled their convention out of North Carolina yet??
Obama losing there in poll to Romney 51  43.
Hurry up and end play rehearsal!!
I wanna go home already!!!
Don't believe the Pat Sajak and Vanna White rumors...
No one can be that dull and doctornk at the same time...
Bogo with bitches
ugh!
Never fake that, take all the help in life you can get.
That is how you grow as a person and gain sanity.
Been there...
nah man.
You wanna go let's go
It's time to stop shoulding all over ourselves and live the lives we are meant to be living.
No more I Should  let's I Will..
There's nothing I've looked forward to more today than watching the Frank Warren Ted Talk on my lunch break.
Why do people keep assuming that I suck dick..
?
tf 
Note to my family, the bathroom is NOT a gathering place
Steelers cut farrior
Thank God for giving me life and another chance to be great today!
I Love You Lord God Almighty !
Bless Your Holy Name!
AH awesome season this year!
Can't wait RT : It's so awesome to see two tap dancers on So You Think You Can Dance.
Miss it so much!
back from the rivanna trail with sore feet and happy dog
i been followin you bro
LETS GET ANOTHER TITLE BRO!
i love how corny can be.
he makes me laugh all the time: i wish he would notice me just once 33
Robert H.
Schuller: Let your imagination release your imprisoned possibilities.
Three bridges
near Hyde park, space with character...
fat, a person has to burn
Oo guess my invite got lost in the mail...
no hard feeling, just dont forget next time ;P
Finishing up today's Party Guide feat.
,  Super Bowl madness!
Haha that's a big statement!
Thanks Mandi!
Tell your Mom i say Happy Mothers Day !
this looks awesome!!!
Count me in for redbullchallenge fun
yup:/ but your hella lucky nick follows u:
be safe!
make sure to pack some jackets
Avoided a sunburn, except for my hands...
Heading to my twinnys house 
artpolitics phase one: ghost army.
Sonic deception tactics.
You know ur official if you have anchors on ABC saying BOSSD UP lol .Go NIkki!
Because of one person.
And we had to move so far an guess what?
I never get to see brad or tanner anymore so fuck you all of u.
Why would
NPR:What is the best part about being a musician?
Franchesco Manchini:Playing with other musicians
Chili in the crockpot.
Smelling good already!
Gonna be a cozy Kessler evening!
Happy 4th of July!!!
Stay safe  get
I've used this form for a proposal that will produce software as a digital product  believe it covers data also
I really like where I'm at in this life and I would not change one thing about the way I have learned how to deal with people
Hello Hoyas!
We're excited to be a part of the Twitter world.
Don't forget to follow us to keep up with our products and services!
Gross!
She needs to stop whining so much in all her songs.
And stop being fat.
I'm going to get a back piece tat of Chris Paul shooting over both Gasols.
Who wants to doctornk at the mifflinmansion with me and !?!
To my twitter friends, please feel free to share the STAY THE F AT HOME!
video from YouTube.
Its the only way to survive Carmageddon!
Waldo very much disagrees with this assessment.
See also: shoes.
Merry Christmas Everyone  Enjoy every moment of it and have a blessed holiday!
HEY ALL!
Follow us on Twitter!
Pups woke me up at 4:45 and 6:20 to go to the bathroom.
I'm glad she woke me but I'm so.tired.
: i know my boy has me on these centennialfees was you with me shooting in the gym?
BIG Q is whether SCOTUS will limit its eventual review to Romer analysis or reach the broader DP/EP args.
he concierge desk is a fertile information ground!
15 minutes till closing time!
Rest in peace Steve Jobs
it's called
I will try..
Thank you for being here for me : I love you best friend
Trivia What year did Miller Park open?
I started taking an iron supplement  noticed huge improvements with general fatigue.
At 7 tonight on Performance in Pittsburgh, Juilliard Baroque, cellist Adam Liu, plus Shadyside organist Mark Anderson.
I am always looking for good mortgage lenders email me your info at
THANKS!
and if we're the yardstick then my penis is 3feet long
lol.
But u do such a swell job at it.
Thanks for the RT 
You know what I'm tired of your complaining about what I do
it turns out that it's just the onset of arthritis.
Thanks for the mention!
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 28
When i was in high school i use to hustle off burning cds
The Wabash 44th Annual Christmas Festival of Music and Readings was fantastic!
Thanks to all who helped make it so very wonderful.
Heavenly Father, Upon Me To The Coronation!
I Deserve It Brought Music For Clarification
It always comes a moment of hopelessness.
Then you just have to wait for returns.
She always comes back, though sometimes wait years for it.
awesome.
is a badass!
After i have been in a car for 4 hours i have to pee and am really pissed off.
New/old icon with my fav and her brown hair love : What do u think about this new icon on Twitter account?
I wonder if my still being doctornk will affect my eye exam...?
Only if they pay...
Italian.
outstanding Italian.
semidoctorssy.
.
SEE!
You can't even watch the SUPERBOWL without thinking about emacs!
it has infected ur brane!
REPENT!
BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE!
sorry for the delay, I was busy.
I'll visit to Chicago when I do.
RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Greg from everybody hates Chris
Car battery is super dead...
Ugh
Attn SMM pros: the conversation starts w/YOU!
Create a great elevator pitch with me tonight MyBookClub 8PM EST epitch RT
08 Linne Calodo Nemesis 1of2.
Deep, dark, rich GSM from the LC blending wizards.
Blackberry, cherry, cedar nose.
Incredible heft
: It's time to remember the ones we've lost.
We love you and we'll never forget you.
R.I.P great Grandma I love you 3
Life is too short to hold resentment....
That's y I curse u out now so I can get this little person off my back
Change your baby's diaper lady
FOLLOW OUR MASCOT  FAVORITE 21XL MEMBER ON INSTAGRAM 3
This kid is very over the top.
Can't wait to see what she does at 30!
I wish that were the case.
why am i even in flex mode, you ask?
because one of my songs really wanted to be sped up 5 bpm.
and most everything has been recorded
Hey what's up Twitter World.
Hope all is Blessed  Yesterday was Great, we shot another Episode for Guidance Web Series.
So much Fun.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME143 3
Is that definite?
Very true.
I'm a Mizzou fan and even I can't stand The Antlers.
Remembering a good friend and great teacher today.
RIP, mister G.
Bitch I'm talking cacacacaca, Then more cacacaca, Hit your Roof until I Pop your top up, Then more cacacaca til I know I Gotcha
: I want to go to Vegas or Miami pretty bad right now for some reason..
Not sure why there doesn't need to be a reason
thanks.
You always care so much for me.
its actually in SF!
its a specialized art direction program in advertising, the best of its kind.
where do you live?
Q.
Why is a pap smear called a pap smear?
A.
Because women wouldn't do them if they were called cunt scrapes.
still can believe it
Someone tweets a quote.
Someone retweets that quote.
The world slowly loses the ability to appreciate an original thought.
then it will be time to switch to google voice.
How Chichester's theatre is getting its groove back: Chichester Festival Theatre has been solidly flourishing an..
I'm so so so proud of my mom 3
Chicago field trip next Mon or Tuesday?
I know I love it
The entrepreneur builds an enterprise; the technician builds a job.
Michael Gerber
Stay classy BBN RT : UCLA for Shabazz Muhammad.
Enjoy irrelevance!
Lol nobody is.
dont break it bcz i dont want you to become a stranger :
Friday night lights
Awaiting Philly Election Results online.
Remember good ole days of collecting the numbers myself.
I don't like acting things I like feeling things
How to entertain a 5yearold who can't go to camp because of pink eye?
This year went by so fast!.
It's Dec 1st already!
Damn i shouldve went to the game today.....
Dear followers, I LOVE YOU!
Great night at Pier 60.
Traveling to Tallahassee to play with some fire and be in a movie!
Love my job!
RT : Glass of wine and a bubble bath.
Don't knock it till you've tried it.
Good morning you guys: the people you push away from your life may be the ones that could change your life for the better!
thanks!
it is like a new start and it's a lot of fun!
!!RT Presents StartingFiveShowcase Performing Live TV Taping Broadcast by 829 Upshur St
Ask them is they want to hold one  we can still add it in for this summer's programs.
thank you guys for coming out from Delano!!
Excited to see more Delano folks coming out to fpac20!
I need a back massage omg lol
ctrlshifti something similar on the mac.
Hows the weather in Seattle?
Beautiful day here in Carmel New York.
thanks for letting me know!
have you considered a lowersugar option for those of us trying to kick sugar habits?
i LOVE Chobani
UGpjVzWsf5 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Good morning twitter only 13 more school days!!!
We really did.
She loves yard sales n shopping at TJMAXX.
PAIN!!!
RT : Nominate someone you know for the SMBinfluencer Award
astounded by the generosity of others today.
Just put up a couple new classes more coming!
I had a Good day Today.
you're a tease.
TOP STRAINS all 35 an 8th: Durban Bubble, Sour Diesel, Bob Marley, Silver Pearl, Boston Bling, Alaskan Thunder Fuck, and Strawberry Cough
WAKE UP OR IM GUNNA SEND MAMA MAHONE AND ROMO IN TO WAKE YOU UP!!!!
Who will be spending newyears eve w/ 's sold out Private Reserve Club dinner at the Seattle Space Needle?
The fact that I have tan lines from laying out today makes me want summer even more !!:

Thanks for the RT doll!
Email me, might be able to use looks for hot new music video next wk!
Xox
hey willie.
Wassup?
Sorry my phone wasn't working last night.
RT!: Man, stop thinking so much.
Be a kid and make mistakes.
Just have fun this summer.
I didn't get much done this weekend, which is probably good and bad.
Bayern vs Barca for the final!
Who agrees?
Wow Wolf, what the heck was that?!
PLEASE tell me Roenicke didn't order him to take off.
Woulda had 2nd anyway after Weeks's walk.
Good luck to all the fighters competing in Akron tonight!
hahah the whole video in general was absolutely hilarious!
Don't find fault, find a remedy.
Henry Ford
So many emails about the Dictator today.
Unbelievable final day of soccer
good luck and go for the gold tonight.
i love listening to you during the race.
you are great at what you do.
I just had a similar conversation here at work, but I prefer sbombs.
Verde terrace it is then
Avengers or Dark Knight?
After twenty minutes and three phone transfers, This is just a problem we've been having.
Why couldn't someone just say that right away??
Cardio ABS is no joke.
But I'm loving this Insanity.
Right back at you!
3
Flaming Lips in the Cemetery was one of the best concert experiences I've ever had.
and are insanely BADASS.
Show me my fade then RT : ayye both of yall PUSSY
I hope I got the app !!!
Crosses fingers
Happy Friday Everyone!
Thank you!
RT EARTHMONTH ECOTIP Using a dishwasher instead of washing by hand saves 5000gals of water 40 elect.
230 hrs of time annually
Reciprocal follows!
Glad to make your virtual acquaintance, partner.
Missions survive when plans fail, and plans almost always fail.
Seth Godin
Now moving
HAPPY MONDAY MY FRIENDS!...Two roads diverged in a wood, and I...
I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.;
1D  The wanted
man we ain't doin nothing.
Maintaining as usual.
How is OK going??
Thanks for the ESS :
Good Morning All.....Be Great, Be Wise, BeBleu ....RT
It's almost the weekend and we're ready to head up north to Red River to play and record some live tracks at The Lifthouse!
I can't wait to get home so I can listen to TurnToYou!!!!
Thank You For following Us.
Keep In Touch!
2012 Is The Year For Permanent Change...
3
thank you for the great online class!
So excited for my first Alt!
You say my name my heart beats faster
Awesome day ahead meeting with some heavy weights in the music industry for distribution  Management deal of Vanelis  Miguelito LaMorte.
I cannot believe iCarly is actually ending.
There goes all the shows, out the window!
tbh I stopped watching them, i regret that though
i thought it was supose to be 80 degrees, im sitting outside and freezing my ass off !
For spring zing, an amazing Jade  Ginseng Detoxifying Pedicure special, with herbal soak  shea butter quench.
3033893020
In 08 cycle, Univ.
of CA System was larger contributor to obama.
Goldman Sachs was 2nd.
Finna get my d rose on at the gym selling my impala today tho :
: Thanks for following us.
We enjoy your home improvement  Old Town adventures.
What I was thinking.
did i meet here last year at the phone store?
Don't pray for a bushel and carry only a cup!
Learn to master the blank stare!
;
Thanks Brita.
Two days late, I know, but I gave myself a present and stayed away from Twitter for a weekend.
ha!
Both.
Hello!
Welcome to Twitter.
Griffin I Runs 4.41 In 40Yard Dash.
He is the only QB other than Michael Vick to run faster than 4.4 at the combine.
Guys at BBR bedazzle their ears.
Hilarious!
So true...
Great Friday it is.
Eat well.
CWS will be here before we know it.
What's your favorite breakfast in Omaha?
I love food
fag?
Thanks dick :
What is your favorite place to go in Florida besides home?
:
no dont go to sleep u about to hear sum twitter late night
We're prepping for another event this afternoon.
Rural Girls and Urban Migration: the Role of C4D in Bridging the Divide for CSW56 HQ
so bummed
Its only one thing I need in life  thats to succed
They found a 500 year old computer underground :o that shit crazy and creepy :o
Looks like you are living it up, keep having a good time.
We are following back.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful committed citizens can change the world.
Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.
Margare
Thanks to everyone that made it to our speed networking event last night, it was great to meet you all!
heard you caught a case tonight bro lmao
And what would make you think that?!
Totally uncalled for!
Get to know me trust me it can get bad!
Those who can't do....always want to criticize those who can
YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe When people compare me to Arthur Mervyn.
I'm totally renaming Digi to Tomer's Love Affair with Open Access or TLAWOA, for short.
Whenever lowbudget TV makes me ponder physics, I grow uneasy.
I'll miss skipping track and watching Law and Order.
Hopy you feel better soon, Mon.
sorry guise.
:3 i havent been on lately.
but its not like you guys missed me or anything..
RT : Mobile marketing technically refers to any form of messaging or advertising targeted at portable devices,

god bless Japan

Mark you're work transforms the mind and the heart instantly and brings a higher awareness to leadership.
Teachers are making us do a field sobriety and doctorg test
that's cool.
i didn't need my ovaries anyways.
Two stores that are always packed publix and
Going to a crash durby today!
winner!
ExpertVisibilityTip: How to manage your social media workload?
FOCUS.
Use an audibly ticking timer to help you not get distracted.
Tonight we find out who takes the crown.
and must be dying of antici...pation
have fun, but too much.
You don't want to spend All Saint's Day 2012 in New Orleans jail.
exploring a possible healthcare communications project with Kaiser today!
Should I close my twitter account??
I don't know how to stop this!
Thank you for the shoutout!
RT : Please Shoutout my Twitter professorle ..
Thank you very much !..

that would explain your mom's confusion ; when is li'l jefferey's bday, maybe ashleigh is deleting everyone who HBD's him
I got a life size cutout for Christmas.
She's too pretty :
I want to laugh, someone should try and make that happen
I can't wait for school to be over!
let's get a big game of kickball together.
With beer.
Someone please follow me fast!
My follow number is at the bad JuuJuu,I am in a slight panic,so act fast.I'm not a nut,WellNotMuchOfOne!
i feel so bad about what hugh son did to claire sinclair how can anyone do such a thing to a another scares me.
Obv hitting every red light cause I'm not trying to get somewhere or anything..
I just got home yesterday and have already had 2 nights of only smiles.
blistering barnacles its sacrilege to even consider it : lol
I think it makes sense because most people would not see the girls as very threatening compared to the guys
Just accidently sleep all day since i got home from school whoops ...
is currently inquiring about a Bills jersey...

I know but I'm just not ...
I'm frustrated .

Onward, Howard Schultz.
Amazed at the emotions and candor shared in that book.
Makes me want to open a coffee shop of my own!
Win a 7 Day Stat To Puerto Rico!
Visit www.onqnites.com for more information.
chicago salsa bachata RT
I Need A Sign On My Dick That Say Exotic Stallions Apply Here ImJustSaying 
I've gained about 10 followers and twitter still saying i got 279
Congrats on the review!
The Key to Butterfly: Keep your head down and hump the hell out of the water!
Time to go home.
And yes, I do mean my bed.
Swag , Woo , Wonton soup
Oh god, I hate the one where mister.
Landingham dies.
I feel for you  oneday  Or just move away.
Easy fix 
Shit's about to get weird!!
cantwait NYC in less than 24 hours.
Probably won't get much done at work today
Despite the need to close firehouses and rec centers it is nice to know that baltimore can afford to send residents sanitation calendars
I FOUND YOU !!
Another week of rain in store?
I would really like to enjoy the next few weeks of decent weather...
and Mother Nature is not making it easy.
aw shit im there!!!!
follow me please :
Why kids get up before the sun when comes up when there's no school and on school days they can't move in the morning
So excited can't wait for Friday with And cara;
Hey is it possible to have a meet up sometime next week?
Rather interested in what you do and would like to learn more.
Coffee?
I'm pretty kind to SM's  the cues seem to fall at obvious beats in the show.
Having easter dinner at comfort zone bar b que restaurant in aurora il 37 w.
New york st.
All I have to say is...
Oh..
My...
Goodness!!
he had a little weiner
Congrats!!!
RT: Pls vote for our film Unsinkable on site!
Awarded special mention by at
im so aggravated now.
omfg.
Having a great day!
WNL later!
Its going to be so awesome!
Before i die i want to kiss John O'Callaghan.
Kicking it with my sons
Follow back
enjoyed seeing the Original Vandellas and The Contours last night at the Ren!
Tonight!!
All teens need to be a club fuego!!
Huge teen night!!
Dj prodigy in the mix and Lil JAE performing live!!
10 get you inside!!
thanks, boo.
i'm pretty pissed.
I know, right?
Clearly, I'm a monster that must be stopped.
We would love to hear your feedback on this question: What do you think your power animal is?
What?
Lol RT : I don't like seeing skinny men with titties!
Welcome to Favata104..
This morning its and tomorrow morning its in morning doctorve.
Italians keep it in the family.
Existential angst: identity issues are just as subject to the paradox of choice as are consumer decisions.
rumor is your coming to our Iowa show
Would love someone on the ground snapping some pics!
yeah, we're waiting til 2012 to even consider restarting things  at this point, regrouping and restrategizing.
I took the short cut...read your tweet only
jst ate vintage candy :D
Quite the USITT Odyssey.
Image what happens when you finally get there!
Timothy Dolan's attitudes are deeply saddening.
He should just shut up and go back to 12th century as we move into 21st.
Well this is boring .
these kids are nonstop entertainment, I tell ya!!
;
TYSM!
RT : FF Las Vegas, Nevada We specialize in tradeshow and event transportation, logistics, freight, ...
LOL aw thats sweet!
even though she denied youu
At Staples...pete gillen is here making self service copies.
Resumes perhaps?
Give us Freedom!
Yay for story completion!
The Papa John's spot w/Peyton is pretty dang funny.
thanks for the follow!
Fuck the taste, it gets you doctornk faster.
I'm having a hard time believing I'm in Baltimore right now given the crowd's reaction.
RT : Chinese person says actfu may help win some victories but they mainly do it in an effort to pacify workers
The Patriots are gonna need life support, Cause the Lombardi Trophy is on its way to New York!
Super Bowl next week!!
Come see us today!
UCSD students: We are looking for Marketing interns for Spring Quarter!
Send your resume to
I like how you think!
VCig Employ Staff To Handle Growing Electronic Cigarette Company
Someone loves everything that you hate about yourself.
TJ weak ass need to leave me alone.
PastorsWords ..
Tha best is yet to come!
We placed the 3rd of 4 machines into The Standard tonight.
A full restored Black Knight 2000 with enhanced lights.
I love waking up to MY music!!!
But seriously.
3 more till 100!
Someone help me please!
It had me until on a dinner plate, HangersOn would be the spinachMovers  Shakers  spinach are not mutually exclusive!
Mike Hargrove!!!!
Definitely.
Sometimes actors are effing brilliant...
and it usually has something to do with being prepared.
you'd be surprisedits not always cheaper
GM Everyone!
If you're celebrating be sure to checkin at our locations!
1st Timers, 1 Burrito, Loyals, Free Guac and Chips!
I read Nikky Finney's Head Off  Split to kick off National Poetry Month: Careful to the very end what you deny, dismiss  cut away.
We have our first playoff game today with my little baseball player!!!!
Good luck to all my kids!!!
Let's go little Angles!!!
I have time to review your website and give feedback if you pay me...
: YOU'RE ALL TALK!!!
There apparently is a naked bike ride every year :P
Happy you're here!
Our pleasure really!
Hope you like your new swag!
:
Listen to the DeWitt Law Review radio show today at 2pm on AM 580 WDBO
So midterms for social studies cba's for science nd w.e else i gotta do tuesday and wednesday....
FML
no I don't think so
i need and want leopard pony hair but I CANT find them..
HELP
good morning eddie
we will def be in touch w/u!
and thank you very much.
spreading the word as much as possible will be a BIG help right now :
An ethnographer 's essential toolkit.
Besides the intangible knowledge and skills, what would it include?
I appreciate the support!
Boys who tell you I love you out of nowhere.
TheAdvocatesasFair Grandstand is open  stop by The Advocates' booth to be part of the I am an ADVOCATE for HUMAN RIGHTS campaign!
no one but im bout to roast ya ass lol
do what!?

You match too you f'n schmuck to 's heckling.
as a man, we are like lion.
We just want to be the king of the jungle.
Arrived in DC Sat.
PM; excited about life as a public servant; making peace with our toocozy new apt.
Now where are those cherry blossoms?
Honesty; a prescription for self growth.
well you cant expect me to remember everything!
yay!!!!
I'm not alone
if so  they may need to delete all the stripes!
Wow, just flat out got told that if I move he isn't going to make any effort to come see me..
thanks love you too bf!
:/
can it be june 8th already?!
Come as you are.
Happy birthday Kurt.
Hi Nancy, can u DM me please, I have a question pertaining to a PA position.
Thank You :
Music bridges the gap between human beings.....
: Felt he didn't fit at UW, but wants to visit Marq.?
Good luck Uthoff may also visit Florida and/or Marquette 'seriously?'
that's nice!
The vizier Nizam alMulk, using the state's wealth to found a free university in 1091 in Baghdad.
Understanding data is a customer issue  small barrier to entry and will give results says of
I KNOW RIGHT!
THE TWEETS INSPIRE ME
gives me chills every time!
3
Good morning Miss D : ..
Hope you have a awesome memorial day weekend ..
Eat a bunch of good BBQ.
the gold heart mountaintop queen directory.
On this Veteran's Day take a sacred moment to remember the those who sacrifice their lives every moment to achieve peace and democracy.
Now the question is what am I going to wear..
Hahahahahah, there's a hot dog hooker
Enjoying the first Dodgers home game of the GBM/ era!
Dodgers leading the Gints 31!
and Happy Birthday!!!!
Here's to trending and realness in the coming year!!!!
Xoxo
You better!
: RT : hi I need to come visit!!
2/23 check my last tweet :
has nothing to do with neutrality, and everything to do with hard to watch football.
Mojito.
That's it.
If you're looking for studio quality lights, then Alien Bees are a popular and reliable entry point.
Yes he built a studio in his house and produces, engineers many talents.
Thanks for the retweet.
Congrats on your Trippin With Perk Emmy!!!!
You deserve it!!!
Go Fallow He's Awesome !
:
The Oscars are so much more fun with Twitter.
Never get comfortable in your relationship, each year you must work harder to keep that person there with you.
If not, they will leave.
to sign it.
ah i want to go with you!!!
Fuck rock nation
he did indeed!
How many pings did you get?
:P
click the button to start recording environment.
Super Hoopla  www.kandizone.com
Vacations are great.
time to go back to school...
didn't realize you were a gemini.
Lol, right on!
So happy that Maryland passed the samesexmarraigebill!!
Saturday Shaketail: THE EVIL EMPIRE  Smirnoff Vanilla Bean Vodka, Red Wing Coffee Liqueur, Vanilla Ice Cream.
everyone should follow thanks:
Thank You!
RT Council confirms Mayoral appointments to the Consolidated Plan Advisory Board: A.
Friberg, W.
Moore, J.
Litwak
I swear people are so funny
Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
Roger W.
Babson
I attended a weeklong preserving photographs workshop by the Image Permanence Institute that was held there.
It was great
that explains ALOT.....
So.
Cal.
Gas performing pipeline integrity work at Grand amp; Chestnut ...
.: until you pay penance for foisting on america, STFU about pathetic, political acts.
got it?
good.
what the hell, I thought your bags were made in SF?
why did I just get a bag that says made in China?
If you doctorve by us you'll hear Sinatra, on loud.
It's a day that calls for Frank.
Closing.
Back tomorrow at 11am.
yes sir.
And I like the one he did with Al Pacino
iv'e got that in purple :
thank you so much for the shoutout!
: x
esse i like to be...
I wanna go to kings island.
Code of Best Practices in Fair Use for Media Lieracy Education endorsed by ACRL, NCTE, others
Babies can snore....loudly.
FYI
Hope I can go my neighbor pegs Easter din not lookn forward her mean dog buddy.
My weapon.
A bouncy ball.
No wonder he turned to a life of crime.
Move on.
He's just a chapter in the past.
Don't close the book, just turn the page
If you have NOT SEEN HowIMetYourMother tonight, IGNORE MY NEXT TWEET
They're pathetic, brother!
Absolutely embarrassing.
Gotta get it done ASAP.
Every one ready for blackfriday??
CheckItOut Money killing me, within 5 seconds.
Dying!!!!!!
: Working diligently on 1853 map of the rest of SF Bay, including the South Bay and West Oakland.
: Meeting so many Catholic folk filled with hate for gays.
I am so glad my Catholic fam is so supportive civilunions coleg
Fun indeed!
Good find!
Beautiful!
Haunting!
12 mile morning run following by raw sandwich with fresh coconut water at farmer's market.
Nice healthy Saturday!
thingssomepeopledonthave ANY Muthafukin Sense....Damn Shame...
Watching WWE DVD easter egg xtras.
Yes, a groovy sick weird metal band.
Think Tim Burton mix with metal?
xD amazing writer, vocalist.
Hey, if you want to come back to the GE Committee, we will welcome you with open arms!
Brain: There are other guys in this world.
Heart: But he is the one.
/3
April isn't in Side by Side....and how DARE you bring up  choreo.
Great comparison RT : 50 of marketers to invest in SM monitoring tools.
Not monitoring SM is like not watching game film.
Aren't you just a cutie and all.
I am glad to have met you.
I would be lost without you Mike
you stating to the true : love you too with all my heart 3
Just thought Id inform you all that there is, in fact, a double rainbow outside my house.
oh yea her name is Tutti
Marlins.
Their 1st round pick Jose Fernandez is on the team.
Great kid.
so tired, I guess I could take my dog to my mom's tomorrow now but I should just do it tonight and get it over with
Hey , where the hell are you?!?
love lightninggreatest natural spectacle
I personally love memoirs!
's Smile is a great graphic novel choice.
Born on a Blue Day about autistic young man.
1/2
Any time you or your employees are faced with a decision, a simple review of your core values should be enough to make the right decision.
No matter your faith, religion or personal beliefs...God made a special day so that we can share this time with our Creator.
RT Shoutout To My New Followers TYSM for including me in the list!
Seriously, saying Harry's even bi can ruin his career.
Even if he was, I'd support him through everything, but don't start rumors.
Hdmsjsjshaahaibs somebody text me or something!
I'm so freaking bored!
Defense lawyer suggest it's preposterous that Huguely took Love's laptop, her email machine to steal threatening email.
i just wanna leave here.
:/
Motivation is simple.
You eliminate those who are not motivated.

AlexAndoctorbertTweetTweet I love you guys3
Any theories on who the Knick player was he was talking about?
Might be!
He on everything else!!
RT : Is Hamilton on roids?
Fight hard...not for whats in front of you, but for whats inside of you 3 unleash your best
Things get worse for the Saints...
That's what's up!
Gonna Go To Sleep Now.
Goodnight :/
Money brings problems,but it also solves problems
FINALLY saw The Avengers, and now I want to Kick.
Some.
Ass.
Feel good movie of the decade.
Things need to change,I cant live like this
awesome!
i bet you're excited about that!
i know i was : not too much here, just working on a new ep
Hi Gary
Like gravitates toward like and association breeds assimilation.
Play up vs.
Play down in who you associate with.
RT : God, I love more every week on DWTS such a wonderful guy all around!
Awesome :D did you guys have fun?
moving into my apartment Saturday...cant wait...who wants to help me move:
Post Amy Winehouse: If you know that a habbit is bad 4u do not start it.
Once you start it is going to be difficult to stop.
DO NOT START!
Finna carry the weight for my city like cargo ship
The fakest thing you can do is talk about how real you are.
which cheek
Thank you Ingrid!
Your healing continues to inspire me.
RT : FF and inspire me.
Keeping at it for natgas!
It is such a great story...
trying to keep on telling it!
The Wall Street protesters are the 99 angry Americans fighting for the future of the country; they are neither Democrats nor Republicans.
RT : User: So I can listen to Pandora in Salesforce?
Me: No, that's my bookmarks bar.
Facepalm LOL!
it is, but I don't think I've ever used it.
I'm all about the 2 day shipping and no minimum.
If you buy a lot it's a no brainer
I love apple they have the best customer service ever!
:
perhaps the solution there is to rotate at least two global chairs after each conference.
We're seeing Freddie Garcia's last start for the Yankees today hopefully.
Give the ball to some rookie and we would get a better result.
Watching this thing on gay marriage, I like hearing the different arguments.
Canada has chefs?
haha good for him!
you have a smart kid there
Thanks for the new followers today, You Rock!!
oh my fault that was an hour ago lol
I didnt know Alexis daughter name is Melania
Jonah Congrats to your Detroit Tigers for beating the Evil Empire!
Good Luck with the Rangers!
Alright fine.
I GUESS fleet foxes are a good band
: RT : I hate HATE when guys ask for nudes.
I hate it.
Darius and Eloy are picking up diplomas today.
RT :  Watch me on and learn about how I reducebellyfat !
If there's a hundoctord reason to quit, I'm sure there's also a thousand reasons not to give up.
Min of 15 for a private tour.
I'll check on the price, but regular tours range from 611 per person.
DOE source: all LANL air rad monitors active/fnctng and mobile rad mon crews being deployed
Also, apparently you didn't need a passport to go to Malaysia in 1897.
Remember me?
Posting a new song soon.
;
Thank you
collegeragin keep it up!
Yeah I'll just make some thrift store runs to fill in I guess.
I can not stand when a persons breath over powers their nice smelling cologne, that really pisses me off.
have a good time over there for new years

Will you be at the Baltimore Comic Con in Sept?
Hurricane Earl on track to swipe the East Coast and bring winds and coastal flooding...
and cause delays to our construction schedule!
Thanks to twitter I always know the current temperature of random cities.
Siri Assistant Now we can have a dialogue without even requiring a person on the other end Just our phone Amazing and crazy right?
WhyYouMadThough idk why you mad, you always gone be mad lol
first DMB show super stoked!
Everytime I get a ticket I end up not being able to go!
i was just at the gym!
:D 30 mins on the treadmill:
peanut butter?
Is it?
I thought it was almost done.
Jon Ippolito introduces Variable Media strategy, emulation: reach into the past and bring back content
I'm watching it!
You should follow me babe.
Honestly here for Daniel Radcliffe.
You want it all?
Start with a
Yaaay buddy time for go Travis  Wes, give me laughter, action  sex appeal.
People get in my head to easy
Your Awesome!!!
Did you unfollow a ton of people on the site twitter account?
We've still got a little delirium Noel left.....
Stop by before it's gone!
R.I.P Paul Baran.
You will live on through your work.
meg and I got chased down the road by big bad John a few days ago...
Very few people will appreciate this like you will ;
to think I gave ya a chance
Just found in my new neighborhood!
Won't have to ditch my gardening addiction in '12 after all.
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!12
Game over!
Tomorrow!
Wednesday!
5/2/12 BE WATCHING for freebies  HUGE announcement!
Follow: 23 to go!
RT : When NSMN reaches 1700 followers, two lucky sportsbiz tweeps will win FREE oneyear memberships.
Since nobody is joining our little online OHANA we are going to make changes to the site.
IC will be up for the next 6 months.
dipshit?
Live and let live man.
Don't shit on someone for honoring someone they were a fan of.
RT : I gave them my heart.
They gave me a notebook.
oh kill me now, eng paper is kickin my ass
Would it doctorp this year?
can I come
This is why Austin is home..I went for a run this morning and discovered a race in my neighborhood, and a live band :
Will do!
Same for you guys
I MISS YOUR FACE!
He doesn't work for Joe : How does Julian Green not resign from the Cubs over this?
Holy fuck Britney Spears never seizes to amaze me!
lol, and i see u liking that shit, lol...
notmyfault the fucker wouldn't go out.so then I blew it harder and splattered wax everywhere...including my face.
FF Always enjoy Kimberly's unique  refreshing perspective on things, excellent follow.
I've always much preferred Family Guy to American Dad
LEED certified building.
Next to it: three truck sized dumpsters full of undergrad detritus on its way to the landfill.
Is there anyone at this BCUSC game, it is silent in that place...
May be the closest but also the most boring game.
North Carolina is mean.
RT Days like today are important because they remind you who's really important in your life.
nyy yankees The entire league is watching Joe.
We are a line up built on HOME RUN POWER.
You don't want to alter the swing
RT the boyz are the reason why there are younger crews on the show right now tbh.
the boyz made history.
If you want to experience love, you have to take the risk.
Love's always worth the risk.
Author Unknown
Thank you!
:
If video games make you violent, does monopoly make you a millionaire?
With so many bands looking for doctormmers and so many doctormmers looking for vans, you wonder why both don't scour used car lots.
dm We are looking for advisors willing to be called on to solicit input.
Avg expected time per quarter  1 hr.
Would you consider?
What band member ex is the song Honestly about?
is ready to reveal all with Tommy after 3pm!
Yes it was!
RT : Omg Predator or Potter on ...
Hilarious!!!!
thank you
We don't usually get lines.
thanks for a great event!
success!
lol, Not gonna do one?
: this might be the stupidest question ever!!
but how do i know if someone tweets me!
lol
Hey most of twitter, does all your food taste like poop?
Cause you sure do a lot of asskissing.
Feeling like I need to play a round of golf.
Anyone want to send me a jet?
i dont blame you it was boring but ok i will
I have a face that looks like I'm constantly donating blood.
You know your shit.b
try a kareoke style with PowerPoint playing music across the slides.It will be easier.
work bball p90x sleep doctornk repeat
Whats ur fav hair product that u cant live without???
you're welcome!
The store is incredible!
Interested to hear this interview with
Ok, Twitter.
It's 3:30 AM.
I'm still awake, and working, and miserable.
Redeem me.
So does the out of tune guy yelling here we go Marty, here we go!
between every point help you, or do you want to strangle him?
LTNY IT must market itself to users and ask questions.
I think this should include library, BD, KM, CI too  not just attys, secretaries.
For those who are wanting a britney follow...
you better be prepared for X factor because that's your best chance!
I got mine when HIAM came
Photo Shoot Crazy .
Everything HD
You too!!
Happy Birthday!!
We are going to pick and carve pumpkins tonight with good friends 3
A Rally squirrel just b/c it ran on the field??
Good thing teams haven't adopted a rally streaker!
liking Slacker Radio.
first selection Get Down To Night K.C.
and the Sunshine Band...showing my age, but they don't make em like that now!
omg i love smoothies
imma come back juneteenth or if some more parties come up.
and damn im not suprised.
I can't fall asleep but I'm tired!!!!
Ugh
Line for starbucks is out the door.
New cover coming out soon!!
Thinking about makin a music video but who knows
hahah yeah I do, I miss that!
Those kids were crazy..
I need more followers,!
Hi Rebecca  Great speaking with you today.
I hope we can get started soon on the photography web site.
Cheers!
Packing up to doctorve an hour west to seal a deal...be back laterz...peace
Don't worry, you can't miss my truck.
She's the sweet, cherry red ride, packing longboards, out back.
Congratulations Old Dominion University for making the big dance!
Hey Belltown, need an oasis from the crazy St.
Pat's Day crowd?
We're here for you!
Happy hour 58pm.
BlackParentsQuotes Yo Ass Always On Facebook  Twitter..
U NEED A JOB!
lol
Hate seeing girls with huge racks, but their face looks like mine  donate that shit to your cute flat chested friend!
If you would have a good wife, marry one who has been a good daughter.
Thomas Fuller
I think Kelleigh will be mad
On Conference call with Freeway
Happy Independence Day, South Sudan!
July 9, 2011 We are praying for you.
thanks.
Is there also a way for me to be added to next CityGuide guide training?
I go there on Saturdays because I was pretty much raised there..
I was thinking about you today.
I hope all is well.
:
Dear spellcheck development dept, I'd like to service you for messing up my texture.
I'm sexing your manhood to comply as well.
Alyssia  YOU
follow me
Visit the Hirshberg Traning Team booth716 at the LAMarathon Expo  receive a FREE wristband!
I don't luv no material things but I'm in luv feelings they bring
I'd rather be running.
needs to go to jail
As the number of conversations increase the volume exponentially increases as well.
Rise and shine!
thanks!
I can't seem to leave it alone...
Following for content and not for numbers.
Great 8bit share!!
A figure skater just made NaterTater look like a wuss.
your welcome enjoy your day
its always up north dudes recording gay shit for worldstar.
You know you're not a good friend when you realize that your best Rusher friend of 3 years is also a Directioner...
especially for future dog food
base.com let me win the who set I am a great customer
fuck this game
I need some army fatigue cargo shorts.
Anyone know where I can get some from???
PreConference for NLANEMA2011 at the Nebraska State Capitol Building was fun!
Got to see some of the secret doors and passageways!
As an anxious, I can say I'm WAY too sensitive between hypervigilance and worries about others.
New meds FINALLY helping, tho
HEY Nick!
This account is totally inactive.
If you're interested in following my tweets for real I'm
Aww shucks, I'm blushing!
Maybe they'll book three into two seasons.
There's so much ground to cover.

feel better soon!
:
Florida is best win sloppy team in the country!!
my few words of chinese  hello, thank you and go usa  aren't sufficient for this negotiation.
thank god for my translator.
oh where yhu from and i school in chicago x lol wat ya favourite color
Responsive Design, I love you but I'm not in love with you.
bends over n mini skirt to pic up wrap
I feel like a dumb beast.
Even more sad haha
When I hear Bush Machine Head I think of a big 3rd down for the Badgers defense.
Those ath mkt guys are geniuses!
Right ?
is going to be on with and with a vegan fast food thanksgiving!
9:45am on Ch.
9!
People would get way more fired up about a four team 7on7 tournament full of uberathleticism.
From : The Main Street Program is working, downtown Milford and Holly are 100 occupied...but there's still work to do
I feel y a  are you going to the  Kanon Vodka party tonight?
May 26  Beacon Theatre, New York NY is opening for us!
student Bland County schools get grant funding  Local News  Bluefield Daily Telegraph, Bluefield, WV
Delta Force in Black Hawk Down
Good news: we are winning.
Bad news: our defensemen are doctorpping like flies.
Not you too, Andoctor!
ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen you cant find your purse/wallet
Well, Wolf's been bad all year, but yeah, I get that.
RT : I watched Schindler's List today and it wasn't as sad as the Sabres powerplay
So many events happening this week for NABJINDY!
Hope you can come out to some of them!
Okay, I think I need to get out of here, head home, and have dinner and watch more Italian westerns.
Back to work tomorrow.
Cu b4 then!
you're
Equinox here I come
need more follows?
Try the site on my page for social promo.
it's FREE!
Take a minute to see the site.
:
SimpsonsBowles: If I remember House reps n Paul Ryan killed it, and now blame Obama.
yes, works fine now thx
THATSHOULDBEME in you're doctorams
If you ever want to be overwhelmed with apple products, try in Austin, TX.
Nuts.
Looks like it's still an issue.
If you doctorp your vpn connection, you should be able to simulate it.
Added a note to the GH issue
: Congratulations to Coach Popovich of the San Antonio Spurs.
He won the Coach of the Year award!
soo..
What are you up to?
2 years down the doctorin.....
you know we were kidding!
Love you more!!
try this google search..
LET IT SNOW
Finally done with the sats
Do u know any good article abt how to define a cohesive style of work?
Or your own tips?
well there was a story about me and him having a lil fight

are best rappers under 25
It's election day in Baltimore City!
Get out and vote!
Oh my god, I'm so dumb!
I just realized that the little house on twitter is a bird house...I wondered why there were holes in it.
lsu has better case to get in than Alabama in that scenario.
Bcs is a joke no matter what happens.
ff my cute dork of a husband 
I wonder if the nicest family in the world would consider checking out my blog?
I'm sure you get asked this all the time.
Please
don't you think they r ganna get pissed if we have a group of 6?
We love food.
we invaded hundoctords restaurants for you.
Wanna get hooked up all year long?
Follow us and become an invader today
Those doctornes help save American lives by lessening the number of bootsontheground folks we have 2 deploy into harm's way
that saidit has some basis in truth.
and while not necessarily a problem in itself, maybe indicative of a lack of innovation?
I could probably write a funny post about denying thyself as I haven't had carbs for almost a month now.
Killing me!
Thank you.
have fun in NY
I will be doing nothing when the New Year rolls in.
Quite frankly stoned and riveted by the Puppy Bowl.
we heard!
: RT  and ...
did you know Portland cellist was referenced in Avengers flick ?
Keep on pluckin'
I don't know how u tweet so early.
thanks buddy!
:
They wearing slippers in the dayroom
THOSE WHOM LIVE IN GLASS HOUSES.
SHOULD NOT THROW STONES.
OR MASTURBATE DURING THE DAYTIME!
a haiku for you.
moving to NYC?
Our service is totally FREE for our clients with NO RISK!
doctorving through LA this morning with snow sighted in the hills?
WHITEHOUSE Imagine a congress working together to achieve the great things said tonite.
Its possible, if we take money out of politics.
is it on?
Is so what network !!!
nigga who always tryna be down irk my dick !.
But I wish I was cruisin some back roads instead of working 
Join us for a stand against racism!
Come to the causeway this Friday at 12:30!
60 days until opening day for the Boston Red Sox
ur a gorgeous girl!!
Ok give me your email addoctorss.....
I'll send u something ......
could have kept miller too....
cookie explosion
the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.
is that from the book of the raptor jesus?
So whoever say JL hungry is lying/ Im starving, Im famine, man I act like I never eat sonny...
Stuck at the mall once again.
You'd thin that when someone messes up your car they'd be more apologetic..
She act like she's super tough; but never had a fight
Remembering today.
Thanks to all the first responders and soldiers who fight to keep us safe.
Dude, it's Uruguay.
RT TechCamp Montevideo planning certainly has its roadbumps, but we ironing things out.
I finally finished my room!
on his way to large fire in Newport.
He'll be live at 9  10 on Fox 9.
Negrophobia: Today's new DFilm.
Watch on the Website or Youtube.
Dig.
Sitting next to the engine.
Please, please no birds or explosions.
IHateFlying, have I mentioned that?!
We have an instagram everyone go follow us!
Creatorhxc
Thanks lady!
Wish you could be there!
disagree, love the way tshirts look.
: greatplayers Get fouled!
To win the big games, you must get to the free throw line and then you must make them.
7 Blue Skies would like to state for the record that Cassadaga IS a boys trip.
No further questions.
Its time to get silly and fancy for our Fancy Pantsie SillySaturday at GCM!
Grab your bowtie and ball gown and join us for a...
Thanks!
Excited to part of a great cause!
Crazy how so many girls out there are two faced
that's awesome
Justin!
I wished you were here today...
Missing you3
dope mixtape man , glad to see somebody come out the hometown to..keep doing your thing
MCM Oct.
28.
Semper Fi, Do or Die!
Ahyawht!
26.2 miles.
No pain, no gain.
Might run it in my boot cast.
Want to find out more about NAIOP Wisconsin?
Join our NAIOP Wisconsin Linked In Group, Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter!
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 33
Time for jacob's daily sunday night call.
Like MarkStuartDanceTheatre FB page and check our latest album.
No, sorry.
What, bragging rights aren't enough?
will you please follow me please please please : I would legit start crying if you noticed me!!!
How's everyone been ??
Gabe Pincus asks about beautifying campus, Leo's composting, and gardens.
When I said that you are like a stream of bat's piss, I only meant that you shine out like a shaft of gold when all around it is dark...
Me:AH My Conscious:What?
Me: Followed Me!!!!
Hey Besto, what do u have going on this weekend?
I close all weekend but Im off monday we should do something
hi.
after watching 's playing lessons, id like to see him as ' swing guru.
thoughts?
very true!
RT : Don't waste our time trying to get people to love us.
Spend our time with those who already do..
Classes have started and everything is in full swing.
Smiling faces  both familiar and new.
It's sunny.
Life is good at Randolph!
I am pretty sure I am fond of the people who speak parables, but I am discovering that I think in juxtapositions.
Oh, I know.
Just trying to get under your skin.
All will be forgiven!
It seems to hang and not let me add in the activities area.
I can never add anything in there.
Do what you suggested did not work
u r silly
Yea!
Love me some Cougar Town!
: New episodes starting this Tuesday, Feb 14th, 8:30pm.
SPREAD.
THE.
WORD.
Word.
last night of going out to house/electronic music for a while.
just as it was growing on me
I really wanted to see ProjectX tonight 
Had a great dinner w great friends tonight.
thanks for following us!
Last trip to SFO for awhile.
We belong together
I just pissed all over the Pizza toilet seat.
I ain't got
Bush jinxes Rangers.
Again.
Welcome.
The Twitterverse needs you here.
YEE!
: Please I would love to be apart of this
Look at you Politically active Vermonsters!!
Twitter's messing with me
Put god first and everything thing else will come into place.
Minimum or maximum age?
An awesome week of phone calls, texts, emails and international Skype calls, signifying...time will tell.
lol it's good; I'm straight.
Thanks :
Only 4 days until we start the adventure...
8 different countries with backpacks, railpasses, and cameras in tow...
Europe here we come!
DC bound to see my suessical !
Getting ready to do a final grading push.
Soundtrack suggestions?
It's only a bad thing because: 1 they push the idea that friends are important in buying decisions when often it's not.
I heard it it's beat
You're a real mcasshole
I'm trapped in a Wendy's while it's monsooning outside.
Awesome.
The opposite of happiness is not sadness, I believe the opposite of happiness is BOREDOM!
The more you try to deny your feelings the more they show.
The more you try to deny then the more they grow.
HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!
livin Oh Yeah baby!
Heading out to the Tournament, FF ,
Took down exhibit of Haitian metal art  SPSfG.
So happy it appealed to students, parents, teachers,  maintenance staff.
Thx !
I'd be proud to say I was from Nashville  cool place
Feeling grateful to live in an age of powerful antibiotics.
Pneumonia sucks.
Imagine you are in a hot wet sauna, have a hot hair doctorer blowing on you,  you are sitting on a heating pad.
That's today in Raleigh.
give it up for nick cuz now heez wunadem college graduate
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
St.
Francis of Assisi
Just by talking 2 u I know ur stronger : ur Totally Rite.
One more to 2600 followers!
RT to interested persons, b/c even the twitterverse deserves unbiased facts.
oh cool!
where at?
i'm from right outside of denver, excited for my annual summer trip home in july :
Thanks dude!
do the hawks have the chance to sign Ilgauskas?
ha oops!
Read that wrong.
But I feel that!
He been telling me about that.
If y'all good file or whatever to videos hit me
I'm not surprised.
buddy doesn't trade.
he doesn't doctorft wrs or ol early.
and they need an upgrade.
My mom is the bees knees, please pray that she'll have a safe surgery!
: : daayyyyuuummm It be like that sometimes.
I understand that
Learning how to navigate the Galaxy
25 more follows too 700, bring it on twitter!
Went to The Wilderness Resort in Wisconsin Dells over the weekend with familyy.
Jeez, was that a crazyy trip!!
Damn, you were full.
:
thank you for the RT!
:
I'm creeping you
prepared to give two speeches today and I wake up with laryngitis
Last Build Day this Saturday.
Sign Ups will be very limited!!!!!!!
Only 60 spots available!!!
Sign Up today at the meeting!!!
screen casting is hard work!
loving the incremental designfeature updates on flow.
defaulting the due date to today for items in day view?
awesome.
nice work !
...Hilary's name is in the news now but only related to certain policy issues, this would give her time to put herself back in the game..
time to add more servers
Attention male singers.
OCB has a couple of open spots for tonight  tomorrow.
Email .
Spread word to your friends.
Moonstruck Halloween truffles Frankenstein, eyeballs, pumpkins and more!
See you soon
Everyone asks me what I'm going to do.
Am I leaving?
Am I staying?
When?
Which do you like better?
Purchase tivo!
Great TV is born from great opportunity
Thanks!
deserves all the credit; we're just happy we got to work with them.
I need to jumstart this website so please help!
I will help you and you can help me.
I am offering FREE Advertising for the 1st4 grub joints
rejob and all systems go.
we need to hang out soon!
during the week maybe.
i feel like were losing touch :
THEY DELIVER AND CATERING AVAILABLE FOR ALL YOUR SPECIAL OCCASIONS 585 340 6100 MUST TRY IT!!!!!!!
ALL FOODS GO C 4 YOURSELF!!
Recommended: Rich Hawk's oil and patina on copper at L Street.
Striking.
Us too!
I was starting to give you the benefit of the doubt , smh!
3WordsForYou...
you have problems
Suh is a weird guy.
You ever listen to his interviews?
He sounds like Marv if he was a football player.
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I better get this callit's my husband.
Thanks so much for the RT!
By the way, your Twitter background is the best I've seen.

I can't stand no deadbeat ass father ...
Take care of your kids!!!
: Interesting thing is each URL will have it's own mobile region so you can set a block for responsive, mobile view.
BOYFRIEND IS AMAZING OMBBBBBBB!!!!!
AH I HAVE IT FOREVER ON REPLAY!
3
arrogate.
Hm.
Interesting.
I like the word jidiot.
Cross between a jackass  and idiot .
.
.
mwah.
Bev
Round two at Cathedoctorl Square today for the Farmer's Market.
Chorizo or veggie breakfast burritos until 11:00am.
Yummy!
Check us out this june at the Orlando beauty show!
Something unlocked tonight...
Ready or Not, Here I AM...
They did more than that.
: Book is in the works.
Its so funny how i just dont care
I didn't listen today, my bad if you already said something similar.
It's hard to tweet w/ you radio guys you cover so much.
whosgonnalose  Super Bowl 44  Fricke: Saints will lose / Landoctor: Colts will lose / Team vote: 32 Colts will lose
you are welcome!
I've literally spent every night in London shaking bc of the cold
Don't you just love when you're recording numbers in Google Analytics for different metrics, and forget to change the date range......
yay!
Govt keeps US military close, China's closer  Bangkok Post
and I can't tell u how much I rly appreciate ur constant support!!
I'm happy we keep helping each other!
:
Isn't everyone a journalist, now?
;
Have we really not progressed beyond the vuvuzela?
Really?
Registries: the lower the barriers, the more bad information can get in; YouTube a good example
CES is still going on this weekend.
Any last thoughts or insights to share?
What would your ideal Swiss Armyesque mobile device be doing?
I'm sorry.
But I absolutely hate north Milwaukee.
good but now someone's mad at me and I feel really really really really bad '
Yep.
Dixon was working out for the Ravens recently.
SMH
Vegas Luck  Depend on the rabbit's foot if you will, but remember it didn't work for the rabbit.
just a thought
Jeff is a good dude.
Have a great time in Dynamics and if you're ever in Chamblee stop by for a WOD at the BTB there!
agreed.
Been thinking that's what he meant..all about distraction after distraction but never facing things perhaps
Hey, I just met you..
and this is crazy..
but here's my penis..
so suck it baby ;
Shit's finally improving, a coworker is meeting me at the bar so now I can use the company card!!
Shots for all...
except the prude.
how is this possible!
Go people go to our promo partners' awesomeness!
Wondering if we can use the hashtag LLO for Library Leadership Ohio.
Oscars, zombies, little people, douchebags, gangsters oh my.
Thanks for the retweet and thanks for following
haha love you justin :
2 Corinthians 5:17 Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; old things have passed away; behold, all things have become new
God will never stand with you IN sin...
But he will usher you THROUGH sin!!
but I'm not ground..
but I brought my extra casing for your phone!
that may scare him...but then again if he's scared of that then he may be scared of you...
that wad funny as fuck lmao
I wish I felt okay.
S/O to my Tim for being such a cool chick!
Workhard Playhard beautybondin'
Ha.
An 'exercise ball' thankyouvermuch..
Helps the hips!
Happy Holidays from Pink Banana Theatre!
About to take Business Majors into a 5 week journey on the knowledge of God.
35 sec.
prayers appreciated.
Marketplace impact for Jesus.
at this rate grienke would have been at 168 in the 6th.
is alarmed by how much Dexter reminds her of a guy she briefly dated.
Writing my first book proposal.
Eek!
Any tips out there?
Thanks for sharing.
How was your food?

had fun today.
If you ever need another pa just let me know :p aw thnx Funkbear Lol And you know I will xox:
The final special CD101DaySideB lounge tip coming your way at 3:35p for a chance to win box seats!!!!
.
that was my twin gravey, im ravey!
It may be better as a book for some of your corporate clients but it was a great read nonetheless.
There can be no rainbow without a cloud and a storm
Library of the Future session is packed.
So fun.

kick the servers again  the web site is still broken!
yes I'm sorry  my fingers are to fat 
So much happening in Madison tonight for No idea how you choose just one.
Also: Taxis!
Tues.
Photo Flashback: The Elders at Milwaukee Irish Fest 2007  www.theconcertstage.com/elders2007.html
Jasper has the same think brilliant diamond supply shirt as me.
Except hes black
I need a swisher right about now
1 reason why baseball is better then football:
Sometimes it's good to really look back at everything.
Good news for chocaholics!
Chocolate can be a super foodbut only dark, not milk or white, with a 6080 cocoa content.
And tiny pieces!
Skech Fabric Flipper or maybe an Otterbox.
Oh thank goodness my son  I in nice guestroom in a real bed under real covers..
Laughing silly together.
Best mothers day!
Anybody Wanna Join?
Conditioning needs music.
Hmm
Life is a Rat Race we all want the cheese..
goo goo ga ga
Tribune wine club winetips 56: As a general rule, when serving multiple bottles of wine, pour less costly bottles before expensive ones.
You've given me reasons to smile,  good times to laugh about, but most of all you've given me memories I could never forget..:
You need to tweet ALOT more often then you do now cause I miss your adorbale tweets!
:3
Today is National Bring a Friend to FREE LUNCH at the Wesley
Make something better than before you were there3
no kids just me and Alex.
I think its the best show I've ever seen.
She ignores all the guys who want her, because she's too wrapped up in the one who doesn't.
rumors, rumors, rumors.
My apartment is soo clean thanks Elise.
I'd love to put my cake in your oven.
And let it sit there.
For hours..
THAT'S SO GODDAMN FAR.
I like the girl fights!!!
Catching up w/ those crazy Lannisters :
yes disappointed.
Saw those billboards two weeks ago and thought the same.
Who's playing fantasy NCAA?
Full to the brim, and I like it.
Fingers: sprained index finger
Jimmy Cabrera  doctorA ready 2 motivate students  J.O.
Kelly, Helen Tyson Middle schools  George JR HS in final round in Springdale
What NFL position would you want to play?
Get the ChevyGameTime app and answer trivia for a chance to win Chevys.
W/ all the hoopla in the media re: our troops, you'd think they had doctorgged the Taliban through the streets  suspended them from a bridge.
Time to go Study the word of God before bed time.
Goodnight Twitter God bless.
: I'm hoping to take some of the online classes until I can get myself set up out there again!
That's my plan anyways.
Haha
I know better recap this Lakers win with me.
Thanks for the mention
Scientific Agency to doctorp BlackBerry for iPhone
sorry man, i didnt get it....
Nice win by the Pacers, now let's go Spurs!
followed him
Watching GCB has inspired me  in light of continued unemployment  to seek out fantastic new opportunities in Juarez, MX, the place to be.
also Friday Jason Derulo coming to the fair
Post more as I'd love to see them.
speaking at SVBCEO event.
Hiring our first VP of HR...that's always traumatic for a company.
happy birthday
Girl you know you got the lime light the good stuff to get my mind right  jaywill
One of Sugarland's attorneys now accusing Allen of making inappropriate comments about the case
MEE TO!!!
RT so pumped for grand opening tomorrow!
I know we are too short for basketball but El Team Peruano
RT : My Brickell peeps  bring a cork into tonight to get 10 off!
Great QA today!
Thanks for the kind mentions!
I wish was banned.
It's the most corrupt company around.
I'm taking the same route to the city that I did to see :' I miss it so much:
Love watching dances that are so good they give you chills.
and So You Think You Can Dance.
I need to go back to bucas
I am pretty persuasive when it comes to qdoba!
What did you get?
fuck psychology courses and the assignments they bring on me
Indiana House Democrats end boycott over righttowork and return to work, but make no promises they won't walk again.
Oh course I relate that to coaching.
Every coach is a project manager!
Manage people, manage how you speak with them and be willing to adapt
oh it's not about making money to me.
It's about experience!
Lol I just want to be happy.
Money can't buy happiness for me.
Its non specific but consistently buffering.
Thinking of doctorpping this part of subscription.
that's exactly right!
are you sure they weren't describing some of the politicians and eddeformers?
It would fit them.
Celebrations have already started in my neighborhood.
Will be lucky to get any sleep this weekend.
there's another in PV shops with grand ceilings!
I grew up between them and think Corinth is LESS snooty haha.
Would you rather be underpaid or overrated
Great watching former Broncos QB Jake Plummer run passing routes with NFLers  doctorft class out at Camp
Keep messing with Lucretia and you will soon find out what that bad bitch is really about, Ashur!
2ndviewingdone Spartacus 8
Exhausted.
I'm out.
tryingkeep trying.
Things are good getting clients this month and bringing Graffiti to the public
you guys are so lucky!
Ahh good luck man!
We will be watching!
I'm to done with school!
Live in El Paso?
Don't get stuck in another traffic jam!
Follow to get instant traffic updates.
Its just not the same with a different laptop../3
what language are you speaking?
I have made 19 field day contacts!
All on 10m 28.400
YOU'RE UP ALREADY?!?!?
Good Morning Sunshine: .
You never know how strong you are until bring strong is the only choice u have :
how bout this, the bombers that builds a better snowman wins?
Decided by public votes.
At the rate your trip is progressing, I might run into you at Detroit Metro on Saturday!
Good luck.
I think they are Dior
PLEASE FOLLOW ME ?
It's mean ALOT  I love your videos!
Recovering from what?
Don't doctornk too much, it will kill your liver, DUH!
yea!
I came home too over my spring break and you weren't there, I was crushed!
ok baekhyun and chanyeol are so cute.
Should I cut bangs in my hair probably not right
Did you know...
Studies show organic food to be more nutritious.
It is!
Well the kitten really looked like a rat!
Sorry neighbor didnt mean to hurt your feelings.
Pen perhaps?
thank you:
BtoBSocialMedia: 89 percent of companies note that social media will become a useful cog in their marketing mix moving forwa
U r free boi!
Our television networks practice selfcensorship in avoiding the consequences of war, which makes war coverage fraudulent.
Someone teach me about hockey!!
m, you run 500 miles??
You have such an awesome fashion sense!!
3 I love you in House of Anubis!
You are so amazing and adorable!
:
I became a Spam eater when I was there...you could get it at McDonalds!
It's a beautiful sunny afternoon to stop along Avenue of the Fountains this afternoon for the Art on the Avenue and Farmers Market...
yes but make the title Don Peyote
What is your favorite TV show from your childhood?
Everyone is always thirsty for followers, if it matters that much to you, you should get out more.
Would love more pointers to example intro to DH workshops for grad students.
Any thoughts?
I love when anyone tells me I am going to have to go to Bloomington.
Uhm, yes please!
Whatever tomorrow brings, I'll be there.
I hate that I read our old messages, it makes me RememberHow things used to be
Jus tryin 2 live in the now.
I think sometimes we get so caught up in the future that we forget 2 just live.
No 1 knos what the future hold
Awww...
Cute.
And C looks ok too
Give the gift that doesn't get regifted  handmade olive oil soap!
well fire is pretty !
You've never had the urge to burn something ?!
Back in the office after a surprisingly good Graph Expo show
and natgas is hiring in the great state of MI as well!
We're sad to announce that Sweetwater Restaurant and Bar has closed.
Let's support our local businesses and stop them from all closing!
Seriously.
Someone text me.
haha!
yes, exactly.
so, by extension, studies show that you should always complain about the refs unless you want kids in therapy
Omg 4 minutes!!!
Limited room for criticl engagement and hard to challenge everyone on the bandwagon.
Too distributed for a lone voice to stop?
But he might need a curling iron
How about them USF Bulls!
first half was slow, but they picked it up, they are looking good.
Perhaps
omg i can't wait for the tour dates!
3rd time seeing you:
Finally Setting up a website with bob Curtin for our production team.
Stoked
can i get ur Follow back TeenWolfs fans!!D3
Catch Special Guests  at 6:30pm today on 106.3FM Royal Radio New York  www.royalradio1063fm.com
got the phone back.
no facebook for awhile,
u already kno..keep posted on any performances u got comin too
Not sure the context here, but what a powerful, inspiring thought.
RT : Hugs for everyone
Probably not gonna tweet much on here tbh, I normally just use , so if you're actually bothered, follow me there lol
Those wearing tshirts seem about evenly divided between inages of MLK and Obama.
Happy birthday sweet cheeks :
That one earned a follow.
RT : Thank you vikings for taking an OL instead of a DT.
Getting into the studio this Friday to get some new tracks out for you guys!
:D
don't know!
Followed TK's stock recipe to the letter.
Smells like feet, tastes like carrots : Next time I'll use Cook's.
Chronic traumatic encephalopathy is a result of repeated concussions and brain traumaand can only be diagnosed post mortem.
I live near Pittsburgh and felt the earthquake!
It shook my chair a bit and moved some of the things I had hanging from my wall!
This diet wouldn't be hard if I could figure out how in the hell to eat 450g of carbs a day
Do you know any good hiphop clubs in Frisco?
Preferably ones that have local talent?
On my way to CBS for a meeting with , lunch, work, and then more work.
oohh well i dont think i know u
Oh John Stewart I love you.
RT Tonight: Are Mormons weird, or is it weird that people think Mormons are weird?
hopefully in a bit.
checking w/ studio
Paleo pumpkin bread.
RT What was the best thing you ate this Thanksgiving?
Made the cauliflower soup with panchetta today.
LOVE IT, girl you awesome!!!!
I my self wish it was last Oct.
4th again...
Has anyone else noticed that Twitter has developed a nasty habit of eating DMs?
Oh man, just reminded me how much I could go for a Patachou breakfast right now!
Or anytime, really.
Or all the time.
RT Anyone who says he wants to be a writer and isnt writing, doesnt.
ERNEST HEMINGWAY
I think not!
I dont think he should be given any airtime whatsoever..........
But if you live in DC, your entire life is forever thrown off by POTUS getting to know the peeps...I'd love/hate it I think
Brotherinlaw always hates on A.
Smith.
Texted him: If you don't professorss your love for AlexSmith I will fly to Salt Lake and fight you
Subtlety might just be overrated.
Just trying to watch the Allstate game
Happy Friday everyone!
The first snow is a great time to stay indoors with a good book.
What are you planning to read this weekend?
On bulldog food:  also boasts highly digestible proteins, because bulldogs are the most relentless farters in the canine world.
TuesdayTrivia did you know hosts 2 of the largest fundoctorisers for AIDS in NV?
Last months AIDSWalk Augusts
thanks for the RT!
I know noone is going to believe this...but i asked the whole pirate or ninja question on formspring...kinda sad noone believes me
I Followed :
hell yeah and them burgers i made
talk about running for 2 hours with a 15 second break and 120 sit ups
I thought Twitter 101 session at ASTDTK12 demystified the blue bird!
YAY!
I can tweet away!
save him!
Realignment.
Some need a Chiropractor.
I just need Coachella.
here for smsportschat multitasking watching
movie theatre would be fun job, I worked for a while at Camelot music in concord pushing new wave bands during the mid 80's
Na Na Na Gonna Have A Goodtime Hey Hey Hey it's Fat Albert I luv that show Thanks
Attn speedy runners  shoe fanatics!
The top 3 men  women finishers of the ASK 5k will win a 100 gift card to Saxon Shoes!
www.askwalk.org
Highly recommend the spicy tomato chicken soup.
Made for a cold rainy day.
Lmao looks like a rapist in his AVI
get the duck pizza...it's awesome.
Grades from came today.
Sorry I won't need my ticket for the stress boat anymore!
She Bop is now carrying Your Brain on Sex!
Just another reason to stop into this awesome local womenrun business!
On my way to school .
I think hes using the dice thing too much.
Jonah Hill Its really all hes got.
Jay Baruchel
All my thoughts and prayers go out to the Anderson family for kyles recovery.
I love you all.
Just Announced: Boyz II Men; The Polish Ambassador; Concha Buika; Raul Midon; Kid Ink; and Johnny Clegg.
Onsale March 5th at Ticketmaster.
What about how they do things in Georgia?
my baby sister graduated high school tonight.
crazy!
so proud of her!!
I am going to the METRO Science Librarians SIG meeting later today
Nice.
More corporate than the prototyping tool stencils.
I wonder if Vision format can be converted...
gmats, mountain biking in queens, doctorving Philly/NJ to start new jig with the Titans and reuniting with some friends, pretty awesome bday!
FF Thanks for helping The Actors Fund help comedians in need!
Tune in Sunday!
Dallas after hours is a whole other world..
totally normal.....
Yo Rain is mad packed tonight we getting it in in las Vegas tonight!!!!!!!!!!
About to facilitate my second live webinar on Conducting Compensation Study's at UIS sponsored by Rogers HR Consulting  2 HRCI credits
it's a sorority thing.
I'm not sleep.
Why?
Healing virtue flows from your sacred wounds again.

I just want to find someone who would actually love me back  treat me right.
The nutrients found in milk, meat, and eggs vary based on what the animal ate and how it lived.
Choose wisely.
My dad and step mom are so funny
What's goodie Ms.
Don't miss one of our headliners, Cloud Nothings coming up at 8:30 p.m.
on the stage!
Wow!
The Tix price went up from last year of only 15 for each day.
Does the extra price mean we can medicate there?
Q: Will evangelicals seek to unite with the Tea Party?
JG: There's already an overlap between the two.
Understandable given some of their recent success.
I'll forgive them their loyalty but history supports me and the Big 10:
I miss it a lot!
I love mini vacations.
Breakfast in Solvang then back to LA to start my new unemployed life!
missed you!
hopefully next year you join us again!
AfricanAmerican English
Loose Angles they call me / Lost Angels are what we're supposed to be / Language Adversity our Street University/ ...
Where is Los Angeles
I have 3  3 rescues.
6  full time poop scoop  trying to stay ahead of Oz snacking on it :o ya hear me, ?
Every fucking day
wow!
Good job!
Did the news just say that Kincade was with his girlfriend when he died?
GESUNDHEIT doesn't literally mean God bless you, in German, but simply means health.
Focus is a necessity for accomplishing any goal, Planning for the long haul in this Music MinistryBusiness
The world has always been full of disappointments; it's how we deal with them that makes us worthwhile.
My glasses are bugging me but for some reason one of my contacts is tinted purple so I'm giving it a break /
dont hate on my swag
Beautiful new tile introductions at Ann Sacks at
Baby come back!
Phone lost all contacts when updating to iOS5.
: Text me with your name do I can build the library back up!
awe shucks.
There's def some comp out there.
Big ups to Niles and Heidi from the north.
And don't cut yourself out of day loop
Leading our newscast with a sweet story and good news tonight.
Ahem...
Welcome Greg..
I tried using FlexBond to line inside covers.
Not recommended  it's too thick!
Is it true that there are over 500 PreReg'ed for Summer Slam next week?
this is just an excuse for fING before two weeks
Bitch you ain't right, I'll cut you tf off!
Slowly getting back to a regular routine.
Baby steps.
Hope sxsw was wonderful!
Any yoga out there??
nickelback is the most overrated band EVER
Mane tonight was that night
I been Lied To, I been Neglected!!!
In general, I'm saying.
Sit and watch a council meeting.
I think they deal w/too much minutiae given size of council vs.
pop.
what are some of your favorite marketing books?
guerilla?
that's romanesco cauliflower.
Very similar to reg cauliflower.
Today's tweets are sponsored by Gretzler's Fish Skins.
Gretzler's: All the skin, none of the fish!
Excellent book.
It will make you want to refactor everything: your code, your closets, you name it.
:
Xing my fingers!
This is so important for the state of MD which was founded on the basis of religious freedom!
RT : Most kids hate Nings  we have FB to do our social networking, why on earth would we use Nings?
students
Congratulations!
: I am happy to announce that I'll be joining the faculty at in the fall.
as the office is singularly obsessed with cake and coffee it always helps!
Thank you for visiting our JMS481 class today!
SMAP is a japanese band.
Stop spreading rumours :l.
: The heat let chalmers shoot lakers let Blake shoot smh  like wtf is going on
alredy ASAP rocky one of the next best things out...
I always wondered..
were you a bulls fan before meeting or after?
lol or is that what brought u guys together?
FACEBOOK SPECIAL!!
20.00 BUCKS DELIVERS ANYTHING TILL THE 29TH Tell a friend!
Every Sunday night I pray that there can be more time before Monday, but it never works.
What's your religion?
Hockey  sushi at the same time.
Two of my favorite things.
open hardware.
Now that makes sense!
It will be interesting to see how they manage w/each other
unreal man, as a fellow artist that is beauty
Sustainable and ecosensitive businesses, like urban agriculture, will bring the city to the future today and help create hundoctords of jobs.
ah I hope so3 and sure:
Just went paddle boarding.
Yay California!
Plaid sweatpants.
A double dose of cool.
He said it!
I never killed anybody, I never raped anybody, I never committed no crimes that weren't honorable.
Tupac Shakur
I just finished a 3.08 mi run with a time of 31:56 with Nike GPS.
Does Tweeting work?
Just did!
Me too!
Obsessed with stylish spectacles.
Glad you liked the post!
RT : We're setting up another lounge to talk to folks which opens tonight.
Eat with Emily.
Eat for free.
lol I didn't fall I threw myself
Support is magical from you, Thank You
Howard has the most beautiful canvas to work with!!!!!
thanks so much!
I adore ur icon too!
It's so flawless!
An ur BG is amazing and cute!
Oh my grande thanks so much!
Someone should text me til I fall asleep
Just saw a tweet analogy go by in the feed about cutting water with a sword...
makes me think of reputation repair work in social media.
i need good HEAD on the daily !
Just came home from a party
lol I aint know.
I never seen her fight 4real
Cooking me some chilli chese fries tonight
I have a question...Why do the pandas form a circle when you enter a place??
Its really weird...
Happy Birthday!
Thank you.
RT new diane kensington coming real soon
So glad to have my roomies when he going gets tough.
Love you and
Woo!
That ab workout is havin' me feel like Freddy Kruegerr is just stabbin' tf out my stomach!
Hey Jessie thanks for follow, I seem to meet a lot of people from Michigan
Lecturer says genetics community is ready to start using whole genome and whole exome sequencing in the clinic already there
mann i love hot bath water
EVERYONE go follow like NOW!!!!!!!!1you wont regret it..
GO GO GO GO
when I go on my computer next, ill hook it up
In business, the competition will bite you if you keep running; if you stand still, they will swallow you.
William Knudsen Jr
professorssors: if you don't want sick students around you, don't penalize their grades for being sick.
Staff called animal control to report a badger loose in the clubhouse.
False alarm: Dustin Pedoctoria was wearing his mink stole.
yes!
I'll always use them!
Let me know where I can pickup, I'm down at cake this afternoon and tomorrow in mission hills.
UKalltheway AllCatsEverything What a beat down!
Agreed.
I got goosebumps.
Great tribute.
This is nuts!
Calling security for the fans now!
Throwin shit onthe ice.
Someone on ROHWorld said they heard from LAW that it was going to be on ROH's site.
Why is it taking so long to announce?!
Hello, Im Jealous In VA  you are?
clicking my heals wishing I culd b transported 2NYC 4 Toni Morrison reading  BN
meeting with talking about with
Do you have any idea how hard it is to look for your glasses?
My Twitter is finally working!1
I hate the way James Shields throws from the stretch.
It's so annoying to watch.
i'm SHOCKED that such a progressive county like UGANDA would do this.
SHOCKED and DISMAYED.
They still eat bugs right?
Great idea, but we can't reseal /reuse an opened box.
Still trying to work around this one.
Thanks for the tweet.
is a famous Latina chef!
: she is here today
New English vocab word 
hahaha Love it!
FF Cheers to a great weekend
Heard you were in Tampa today.
Wish I could have been there, heard it was great!
The weather is unfortunately delaying construction today
I spent al night tossing and turning.
if you have the sniffles stay home..
i dont buy its just allergies shit.
You shoulda looked me up, Duane!
Next time, I hope.
u make us happy ;
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!
Mundane Tweet of the day: I am doctornking Diet Cherry Coke
I love you in a heterosexual waaaayy
Never had so much fun reviewing postconference tweets.
Great conf, great people, great speakers.
Thanks and
Be a yardstick of quality.
Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.
Steve Jobs: the reason apple is awezum
Continuing to keep the entire Vandeven family in my prayers.
Reminds you to Live Jesus every day and to not take it for granted
no comment lol good night Kass have a great Tuesday
hahahaha thanks for taking my call
I stay on Garden Walk
so glad you think so too.
It's crazy to me that it's 2012 and we're having these discussions.
thats what i wanna know, im just gonna wear a purple shirt
Taking action may seem risky, but doing nothing is a bigger risk!
John G.
Miller
big brother fan......lovin it
North coast acme California ipa now on doctorft.
and yeah!
he is very respectful :p but its because hes shy and not so used to everything !
thanks for the retweet  i worked w ken in the 90s when i was at WWF  am a Farmers Union junior grownup
I think it will be ok
Very close to start filming.
Todays a lazy day
I need a new song for the day
last morning session featured Julie Miller on post office records, a genealogy resource I knew little about.
Come on chris bosh
good :  I'm on the way there right now :
next year ;
RT : Seriously though I unfriended you and it's taking forever to get to 200
yeah, maybe I'll spice it up a little sometime this week.
If you wanna have a bad habit, fine.
But pay your bills!
Ugh!!
That is all.
I am sore as I don't know what
Cleveland already has a similar feature on their main site / Mayor's Action Center
only with my camera.
Ima listen to some loudass music.
thanks!
we just saw your page on a RT...
recipes look awesome!!
my background deserves a gasp.
Clarity is essential to success.
Are you crystal clear on the actions you need to take today to get you closer to your goals?
Congrats to my neighbor on her syndicated talk radio show.
She may have been syndicated for a while but I just found out!
A science is any discipline in which the fool of this generation can go beyond the point reached by the genius of the last generation.
My kids don't even watch TV on a television set but catch their shows later online.
I say definitely flatscreen.
that's how I feel when I do the Jillian Michaels videos

What said, but Mississippi Records is king.
I made my genome public w/o asking siblings/parents/childoctorn.
Risk of harm is so vanishingly small.
This needs a blog post!
I mean its
WAY TO GO you TWEETER extraordinar!!
Does size matter?
You've got two more hours to get down to and sample some delicious Chameleon ColdBrew!
u wathchin raw tonight?
Took us over an hour to put that 20 second piece together, not counting planning  preparation.
Video takes time.
How come it's always Cat Ladies?
Not many shows about Cat Men.
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
Vincent van Gogh
Just realized I liked Marketing  Business Development better than doing the legal stuff; found I was good at teaching it.
:
I'm not saying like it but don't just write it off..
It's a struggle my family has to live with
FortLauderdale book a limo for tonight, get 20 off
Darren Collison doing a great job for Pacers off the bench...picking up where he left off vs Orlando.
Chase Hackett...
One Round At A Time!
sounds like a future Red Bull commercial.
Red Bull: It gives you wings so you can OWN Monday mornings!
Join the conversation with us tonight during the Diana Ross show!
Tweet at with hash tag PalaceLegends!
Link mentions mobile learning seen by LD mgr as the way forward; most can't know if preferred yet haven't tried it.
I don't think any of us realize the greatness we see watching him.
Thanks 3.
Will look into it.
you guys seriously suck.
A female jock wins the Kentucky Oaks for the first time ever and nothing about it?!
Must also learn big program for Koblenz, Germany Keeps me going!
My advocacy teacher is so fucking annoying...
I actually heard that too!
They need to install a teleporter next
Follow me, i will follow back.
Oh, yes.
Ratty, Mole, and Badger.
They would be top notch for a party!
I have to get out of bed and shower, life is hard.
Rainy day.
I just wanna watch movies  snuggle 
Seriously.
REGULAR movie tickets in LA are 14 a piece.
Add an extra 3 for 3D and an extra 4 for new releases!
doctor Oz's Tip of the Day: Use spices to boost your metabolism.
Add mustard or cayenne pepper to a meal to help you burn up to 50 calories.
Only God Can Judge Me, I Don't Need A Jury .
good night to u to :
no sorry he did not like it he gave it to Rayj he loves Gucci in the blue bottle  True religion
it is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.
General Douglas MacArthur
That sounds great!!!
I did the journal questions because i thought it was defff easier
5 dollar Indy Boot Camps Saturday Class 9am in Castelton/Fishers/Geist with half the proceeds going to a local Charity!!
Hey did I say he was a good player u idiot?
Try reading.
Harbaugh is your hero??
why not kyle Williams??
Oo wait..
haha 
even when everything around me is falling apart, you keep a smile on my face.
That's cool, maybe we'll make it out you're way on tour sometime and we can play a show
Usually i smile during our conversations because im thinking about what ima make for lunch
I wanna slap the shit outta her!!
Lets get this day started, tacos!
Spurs game last night made me sick :
haha!
I saw those guys too!
Lolz...Herbal Breast Augmentation Products Studies?
S Club 7 Lil Kim
He would have a brewers related name...
great problem.
Looking forward to sleep tonight!
True Story.
RT Wayne took Gillie swag.
Jay took Chris swag
I'm sorry, we don't.
Got it!
Thanks so much.
Just signed up.
I'll send you an email in a few.
Of course.
We not only provide people trailers and wardoctorbe, we let people keep them at the end of the shoot.
I probs would have passed out
,Thanks for your support for 50 Legs golf Tourny on Sun April 15
thanks!
Not sure why they need it, but I wont complain.
use semen
Mark cuban will sell his soul for million dollars
Our youth is starting to change
Thanks the artists that we get to work with.
Their great talents make great tunes possible!
HAHAHA oh, pedigo.
i miss you and your crazy antics!
Lakers win Ok I want Spurs 2 face Clippers cuz I wanna see TonyParker  ChrisPaul go toe to toe.
West needs 2 be Spurs if not
I just heard the worst pickup line ever!!
LOL are those astronaut pants you're wearing, kuz ur lookn hot.
I luv the attempt!
barfs uncontrollably at Madonna being the Superbowl halftime show WHY GOD WHY?
hey sis clean out your cob webbs and get back on twitter!!!!!
PUSSY runs the world and soon as u guys understand that the world will be a better place
Good job, mister President.
Although I wish you'd been this decisive on singlepayer health care as well.
4moreyears?
also cmng up Sun for game hvnt been up yet this yr but heard tailgtng times changed can u fill me in?
If you haven't heard it yet Listen to Ms.
Frankie Rose's  Interstellar!
One of the best albums i've heard in awhile :
Most amazing last long run before next wkend!
The only subway ads that make me cringe more than BAM, and then it hits you?
The thank you, doctor Zizmor!
ones.
Need to go shopping ...
/:
Hilton Head airport's motto: Just because we're small doesn't mean we don't take our security processes seriously!
or something like that
Straight Up Hustler 02
LOVE AFTER WAR !!!
Zaona
Ah, once again, the Government steals another hour from us...when will we get it back this year?
Time to move to Arizona...
such a great night!
Next time..
I've decided on bike rides for now.
the old knees can't always take the running.
but yeah.
i should get back on track
wow, that shit's crazy
Get any projects done over this weekend?
Maybe some cleaning?
Spending great time with family and/or friends?
Sometimes I miss certain people who use to be a part of my life.
Many happy returns of the day!
RT : Happy Birthday to a near and dear friend I'm so grateful for friends like her in my life!
your twitter has been hacked.
BTW, people are always saying horrible things about me.
do what thou wilt Paul said everything is permissable, but not beneficial or good for you
Kick off the long weekend with one of our 3 craft beers and our NEW summer menu!
If John is there, tell him I said yo.
what is YouTube?
jk :P
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THOSE BORN ON THIS DAY!
For someones birthday only being celebrated every 4 years, it's the best we can do...
Gonna livetweet tomorrow's Super Bowl game!
So pumped for all the antics!
forbidden to follow you :c but it was great hanging out with you tonight!
Cam, Zach, and Brent are bisexuals!
Remember that!
that sounds lovely!
We're so happy to hear that you are enjoying your time.
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/10/2012 and was under her calorie goal
How's it going?
welcome to twitter
Do people know who he is?
More than The Daily Show guys?
Now will have to really hide ; 2 compliments will be too much!!!
tell me more.
is there a link?
At least it's a healthy addiction.
;
if this facebook IPO pops tomorrow more than 10, i'm going to kick myself for not buying these 100 shares :/
Enjoying the sun, but not the cold
Can't publish it till tomorrow hopefully.
We also still have to do your about page.
We are starting to plan our tour, we need you guys to give us locations you want us to come!
Tweet us or Facebook us!
no kings island for me today...tired of this shit
Happy New Year to you too!
That's why I started painting baseballs, to hold this perfect little replica in your hand
Thanks for the follow!
I'm following you too.
: Have a great night
Sauli took his sunglasses off and we got to see his beautiful eyes
i def will!
hows the other nicole been?
do you guys still talk!
Energized my batteries on Monster  Rudy's breakfast tacos to start day 3 of SXSW film Fest.
Movie 8 will be Eden at the State Theater.
Congrats to on the Expo Line opening today.
Plenty of folks said rail transit in LA wouldn't work, but here we are!
Ontuitive  formerly LearningGuide  is following performancesupport so follow us!
Going hard I see.
lOl!
Exactly what I was going for.
The Regular Show 
She shoots, she SCORES!
RT : Picking up a pair of sweet Bucks Tickets today for the raffle!
Supercool !
Happy belated Mother's Day !
i know  im excited and scared for 's opening : are you gonna go soon or wait it out?
Paul CezanneA work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art.
still waiting for u to come and get me so we can go antique shopping LOL!!!
The previous tweet
Having a bit of a panic attack right now.
Not sure how to deal with this.
Impress the pants off me, u know.
FavoriteNBAMoments when realized he didn't have a fourth quarter to lead the Cavs to victory.
Palin was wrong!
Newt is not the frontrunner!
Romney is by a 5 delegate count!
Palin should do her homework!
we're tweeting.
I always wanted to find my long lost twin!
:
Oh Loe, I know you didn't like that we traded for KRod, but come on....
On the can, then of to eat with Geoff then some bowling what?
hope all is well sweetie :
aw ok, it all makes sense now...
yes mommy xD
infinitum est aeternum
it's going ok im chillin at work now tired as hell....u about to move out the dorms...when we going to kick it
Talk that talk too me yeah !
;p
I hear they rehired Coach K
thanks much!
have you heard of Nextdoor before?
I love AI
passing the blunts around with , watching some movies
Stuck in flight delay loop.
4:30 flight now 6:15...
Something about a mechanic and broken solenoid on the thingamajigcrossScriptactuator.
Smoke Session with the SBro 
there so much promise and optimism 2 years ago..wth happened.
?
Am I really about to watch the season finale of SMASH?
Yes, yes, indeed I am.
Happy birthday Kenny
I want to play
I appreciate the valiant effort my battery powered toothbrush makes as it's dying.
finds the best stuff.
wheatgrass shot in boca tastes really sweet in comparison 2 nyc...
what is that about?
more sun?
My Mom and I got to choose what we do this afternoon before the party and we chose the Market downtown!
Our fav :
Like REALLY light golden brown maybe.
:D.
and DO IT.
I'm running out of fingers though!
RT : it sure does!
PLUS, I live for the nail biters!
:
I'm not supposed to like The Avengers.
I'm totally gay.
o that's wassup missed me I know lol Jk
You're your problem, but you're also your solution.
Fck all you cheap ass black people that go out to eat at restaurants and tip only 5 or less than 18 on any amount over 30.
Bastards.
you know what happen with Lila and Ziggy accounts?
it sure should
i cant see it my internet isnt working but im so nervous you make this sound so scary!
Gotta love that radical Yahshua!
That song hot problems just get stuck in your head.
Hot girls we have problems to we're just like you except we're hot.
Painting to santana only way to be productive
don't do it.
Fare hike on July 1.
ever get into punkska?
Check out from Eugene and Goddam dig it.
I feel special though
Looks like it's gonna be Romney .
.
or, to put it another way, And then there were None.
Good luck!
We are going to give away furniture once a month or 1nce every 2 weeks.
We have quite a few people signed up for this!
Definitely going back on a diet, idc anymore ..
I'm too stressed so I eat like crazy oO
you guys are obsessed with bdubs.
Losers.
You don't even eat the food!
I do.
Good morning everyone I have not been on for a long time WOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOW ?!?!?!?!?
Good question
: Upon A Burning Body : ohh look who likes them now c;
Following the workshop happeningsbarely started and already exciting convo.
Everyone say hi to !
Good morning!
Talent is never enough!
From a New Balance Tshirt at the gym!
Have a successful day!
Lol, that's really awkward!!!!
Kohls shopping without my bestie just isn't the same!
: Aiight Marquette, I see y'all supporting in the MU News!
: look for us in the Tribune on Thursday!

THEATRE HISTORY: April 26, 1970: Which Stephen Sondheim musical premiered at the Alvin Theatre, New York?
better hurry!
on that AZONTO tip
Doin a song for Balcony TV today.
Gonna be a fun time!
Six of Air Force's 12 games are listed on this TV schedule, but the announcement promises an announcement of more telecasts.
This Rangers vs Capitals game is insane
Shakespeare's Schoolroom: Rhetoric, Discipline, Emotion by Lynn E.
Enterline F'03 now available from
The WFA would like to congratulate L'ArcenCiel for their 20th anniversary world tour!
Welcome to NYC!!!
Live at the MSG!

get a haircut.
What Funnygal Is Making Us Laugh At Her Leggies?
In the fashion world, much hay is made about the socalled pop of color
Men who brag about how many females they're fucking or fucked.
getonmynerves.
Bcause none of the women they sleep w/are worth braggin about
Lol no credit walk man
Warped tour '11 was amazing!
Got to go backstage with the best fucking band ever THANKS A MILLION for doing that!
if you like than you should of put a ring on it!:
thanks for your logo design for us, Lia.
We're glad to be working on Mark Beyer's book cover for WHAT BEAUTY
Thanks for the RT
hey buddy
I feel like if your name is Giselle, you better be beautiful
Anteaters trying to make babies....
Men's Clothier Sets Its Sights On Sales Of Wedding Attire
awww thanks sparky!!
U are too kind: nice to meet ya Kristine:
I would like to talk with you about offering my acting and modeling blog for Girl's Life.
The info will be loved
also, i know this sounds really shocking but her reality tv engagement didn't even last 2 years.
hope the tradeoff was worth it

me  epic craziness
I'm listening to it right now RT: Whose listening to right now?!?!
Loved pretending to be a cashier tonight with
Im wide awake o.o
I just want to sleep.
I dont care about family dinners D; jk..jk..

He'd have been as close to being offcamera as they could get away with!
I'm sorry I couldn't get to meet you tonight at techinmotionphilly!
We'd love to see you at the next one in June!
On my way to Who's there?

Just got a tattoo of a goat nbd.
np I'm a little early
Shoutout to Healthy Melrose and The Autism Project for putting together such awesome and important events.
I finally did it.
Glad I did.
Follow me on Instagram:
yw!
Keep up the good work.
I hope that LSU's game last night is one that helps the team get stronger and realize where to improve.
Jefferson looks good.
Geaux Tigers!
Am I the only one who had no idea that highfalutin is one word, not two?
Crazy English language!
This dude is a character Lmao
Ben and jerry with cur girl
Nw BGC8 reunion When does the ratchetness begin?
Oh yea twins aren't out yet.
Lol
relatively quite trade deadline deals
had a great evening with good doctornks and an enjoyable atmosphere!
Still not out of this car ...
Never the fuck again ugh
As they should be.
LeBron is gotta be sick of hearing all the shit they dish out on him.
He's good
Mustsees for SXSW?
Thoughts?
I have to wake up at 430am.
bleh :/
nationalbestfriendday  :D...
To bad Brittany doesn't have a twitter
Did a project with in 1 week.
Bam!
Happy to say that everyone on my team is of the latter kind :
Listening to music that fits my mood 
Alarms on Tide due to thefts?
Next we'll have to show an ID to buy laundoctor detergent, that's just downright crazy.
Come on SEC football is always exciting not : Me to RT: : i'm bored.
The Lord will watch over your coming and going both now and forever more.
Psalm 121:8
I spent too long today reading government documents about cervical cancer basically
I am so ready for something new!
could definitely be in Tucker's car 
On my level before prom 
your show is my inspiration that the American doctoram is not dead.
I have worked too hard at my doctoram to have a bank fail me.
Get well soon!
thought you folks might be able to help.
Thanks!
will check in tomorrow.
Liverpool v.
first sandhill cranes flew overhead yesterday  winter is coming, apparently
you took about 4 years to reply, SAAN !
I'll make sure that when I go to the concert that I bring Lou a treat to bring you back!
:
Never lie to someone who trusts you.
Never trust someone who lies to you
I'm suspecting more and more that only musicians use, or even know what reverbnation is...
The AugustWilson MonologueCompetition in Pittsburgh is FREE AND OPEN TO THE PUBLIC!
Save the Date April 2nd!
enjoy the show!
We do but don't care, winning allows obliviousness RT : I wonder if people from Wisconsin realize how obnoxious they are
Weekly chance to win FREE pizza!
Just text FacebookPJ to 90210.
It was the Sunday afternoons he couldn't cope with,  that terrible listlessness which starts to set in at about 2:55...
D Adams.
Haha.
Thanks for reminding me to fold.
Spaced for a while.
I need a maid.
This shirt I have on is too big smh lol.
I remember when it fit perfectly.
what you order??
John has officially confirmed that Jelaney Exists so
yes, but does it come in hologram form?
cc:
Chris Brown seems to be quite the class act.
A real quality guy.
Great newswww.datingchicagoland.com is now officially LIVE!
We are offering free membership for the first 500 members...So go there now!
:
doing good.
just coming off vacation.
looking great for the morning!
A chance for thunderstorms this afternoon, but a ton of golf to see before!
RT : I'm just saying lmaooo I'm not even gone be live right now I'd say the WRONG shit lmaoo  true!
I feel ya
Edleys bbq is the place to be!!
that was a successful party.
Now it's time for Dave and I to get our redemption.
You got that body
Another day in houston!
I need to go out of town again!
thinking of seeing your face tomorrow is makeing me feel sick legit
Giving away WWE Raw tickets on The Zone  94.1 at 4:07 tune in now to grab them.
RT : Leaders aren't born they're made.
They're made just like anything else  through hard work
I'm glad pistachios aren't pink anymore.
ok babe
did you know about the data design diabetes innovation challenge?
Dear North Carolina, GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER!!!
yea I am
Thinking I might pull a last night and turn in early...
charles bradley at the rex.
why ain't all yinz here?
If you desire a bright tomorrow, you must build a brighter doctoram.
Dare to let your doctorams reach beyond you.
people who move slowly really piss me off
QoTD: Without continuous personal development, you are now all that you will ever become, and hell starts when the person you are meet ...
PizzaHuts bread sticks  they hella dont look like the ones in the commercial
Come to think of it, don't I ask that question at least once a week?
Dear retailers, make more money: put sticky tape next to gift paper.
Make an extra buck or two that way.
Coming soon A NEGRO LEAGUE OF THEIR OWN: All American Girls.
OCT 5th  7PM  OffBroadway Actors Temple Theatre
About to meet with Meteor to discuss social media sharing and tracking
Here's to the kids who try so hard at something and forget what's important in life.
Two thirds of the world's lawyers live in the United States
If you worship Jesus the way He wants you to, you will obey Him the way you ought to.
RT : Come back for our next pregnancychat with special guest on May 17 at 1pm EDT.
How have I lived before
is this my cousin?
Life is unfair....
what?
you don't like a shadow effect??
FF and director and writer Charles Thomas
Yeah, chiptune, dance, rock stuff  should be interesting  I'll be there.
Remember, if you have a good idea for a place for good food or music, let me know so I can go check it out.
It's cool guys, Ryan Braun just has a case of the herps.
Hello just had a surprise visit from my cousin aunt and uncle
let's all get face tattoos!!!!!
May have tripped and spilled groceries all over the sidewalk.
..its fine
I'm volunteering to give out presents to kids who are from families who are less fortunate and we're cooking them meals on Xmas
There have really been some great concerts this year!
Bands on the road get to meet awesome people!
You are so right.
We are all awesome!
That means you too!
Oh, it was!
Excited to see today!
Text from Sec'y Clinton: GET READY!
Mama's on her way home!
haha it's true :P lol
then why u go
big birthday s/o to my girlfriend, best friend n all dat stuff!!
Lol safe travels boo boo!!
thanks, I'm glad you liked it :
I TOOK A SHIT AT 11:59 REPRESENTING THAT THE CRAP I TOOK FROM 2011 IS BEING FLUSHED
And we look forward to having you!
Topic was called Moral case for Capitalism but learned more about presentation.
Was pretty good  Thanks Arthur
seenoncampustoday a guy riding a skateboard wearing a Pepto Bismol pink suit!
I wish I had the foresight to take a picture!
thinking about you guys  stay safe!
Getting a nohitter game with 6 walks is like bowling a 200game with the bumpers up.
.
Uh, thanks.
Just going back in my office now.
Happy Birthday mister Ratner.
Best
Nice!
For all those who need a developer ASAP...
RT : ...Cody's officially in the house.
happy day of birth sis
I love your icon:
goin to the brewer game again tonight.
hopefully with more positive results.
Lol yeah skype's conncetion an be really sucky sometimes, and I LOVE Family Guy and Icecream xD I'm just...
The current state of the US government is disgusting  it's sad that majority of America is too blind or stupid to realize it.
Avengers at 4.
YES!
Found down jacket....cold!
22f Hopefully this will warm me up.
Wish I could find down blanket.
I'd buy 2, and make 1 a sheet.
Nat'l Pig Day calls for Roasted Pork Belly!
Ours is served w/ CheddarMash, Spiced Peanuts, Apple/Fennel Salad,  Apple CiderBrandy Sauce.
Thank you!
Listning to nickleback in history : what are you up to ????
Headed to the bottom of 6th.
Brewers down 72.
Braun, Ramirez and Hart due up next.
The pure cure ...
www.curemypc.com
Yeah.
Just removed broken part of tooth and bored out nerve today.
Root canal in a month.
throb, throb, throb Fun times.
Happy Birthday!
And Go Bears!
proximity is best  I wander the room.
It also helps to reduce the apps that can cause distraction.
Well, really, lots of people.
He'd be out of the race already if not!
yo pussy look so delicious
Cant wait for  TuffGongWorldwide to touchdown in L.A.
7/15/12
New Monday, another day of Rehab , one day closer to my goal !
To create more Art!
I love
Can we get a shout from Simon?
; RT : First onair Twitter shoutout of the night!
Who else do you guys want to hear from?
We could just make out.
You'd probably forget about how sad you are because I'm an awesome kisser.
Need references?
:
Havnt been to sleep yet and leaving for catlanta in less than 2 hours.
1st stop5hr energys!!
RT , IF YOU KNOW YOU LOOK GOOD 3:
thanks for the great info, looking forward to working with you!
Weeks HBP for second time tonight.
That one looked quite painful.
Right on the hand.
hoping it's gonna last a handful of games!
cheerio!
RT greetings to my new tweeps , , ,  !
Feelin good.
Started putting weight and semiwalking on my foot this week.
Thanks for checking in!
How are you?!
I'll be writing about a Luxembourg Auxerrois soon...I'm also not familiar with NL wines and am curious
You know, you should join Facebook too.
I hear they're getting traction.
I was n the grocery store  they really changing the dates on ppl foodstamps, some gona get there's on the 21st of each mth, crazy
RT : it'stimeoutfor Black people using the word nigger as if it's a normal greeting for some one.
AMEN!
Me too!!
RT : In our next life, we want Sofia Vergara's body and Elle Macpherson's hair.
Picking up a bottle of that Jose Cuervo Tropina
Don't forget that EVERY tweet during this chat should include the SommChat hashtag in order for everyone to see it!
Make sure to check out these exhibitors at ISE Denver!
thought u were going with me?!
Fail!
tired sleep need
Judging by all the references to sweet tea in country songs, diabetes must run rampant in Nashville.
Love the tweet!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!
13
Too bad you're on vaca?
Bahaha.
Enjoy that  plenty of city left for you next week!
maybe I'll watch it, but I gotta check with my buddy first.
He's an expert in pawn shop reality shows.
If you don't have a killer instinct, then you're NOT the best player.
It's hard for people to accept, but it's true.
Naples, FLNeed females for photoshoot.
No nudity.
Pay is 150 dollars.
More important to one's success than a todo list is their stopdoing list.
I need to watch less TV when I'm tired.
what's your favorite part about skyping with fans?
I pray your mother gets better...:
My hair looks amazing
Midnight ticket sales may throw off our estimates.
Neither JohnCarter or Lorax had big Thurs night screenings
My family is starting to get annoyed of me because all I'm obsessed with the Boyz.
Hey, at least I'm not out selling dope.
Malik, I haven't had my cycle in forever.
I'm having your kid.
His name will be Trvon.
YaDigg?
:
Synchronicity coordinates everything in creation and if you are open to it it can coordinate the creation of your vision.
We scream  america  after every Honcho moment manifests.
Give a reason why you would yell  America 
: The Chunky Salad was okay, but my mom's Salmon Salad rocked
My wife and I prefer riding the bus or subway together simply because we get an automatic partner  can watch out for each other.
Not today.
If I could take a big shit for every dick thing you said, they'd have to bring in a bulldozer to take that shit away.
You have 24 hours left to live.
What flavored vodka would you want to have before you kick the bucket?
heritage days tomorrow?
MAYBE.
:
i cant wait!
Its gonna be a rockin good time for sure!
A belated thank you sir!
: : i dipped it.
laughed so hard, pooped pants onlyaslightexaggeration
are you part mexican?
please please please sign with Anaheim
The common reputation of Twitter is that its frivolous, which isnt the case
hahahah you guys are insane.
i still have no idea what over half of that conversation is even about.
So much to do...
We NEED 3B, and pitching prospects more than anything.
I'm about to!
Was just accepted to go to this year!
Will I see you there?!
Only 3 weeks left!
Have you registered for the Institute?
www.southeastinstitute.org
TimeCheckSongs No Time Left for Food
I need to get use to working third shift.
I fell asleep twice tonight.
Not good.
agree that starting small is the way.
Think it should be facebook.
omgeeee!!
I'm writing three articles in the same hour?!
I can't believe it's actually working out :D
What is something that I totally forgot about?
The app....
HAPPY BIRTHDAY FROM ME AND BEST BUY.
3 ;
I said hi and I waived
meh I like bobby just cant stand hogan  eric bitchoff lol
no, the first one over Roy Hibbert was awesome!
: Don't worry buddy, just checked the radar.
Rain looks to be out within the hour!
thank the Lord!
Happy Valentine's Day from RUT Hockey and make sure to send
BREAKING: Manning just picked his nose and wiped it on Elway's pants.
Armchair quarterback.
RT : What position do you play Greg?
Nassau County Police are searching for a man who allegedly abducted a woman from a bus stop near the Merchant Marine Academy in Kings Point.
why dosn't the whale have a glittery glove?
the birds should be waiting in bed for him.
It's the Dennis Eckersley look!
you guys sounded KILLER!
tonight
Book descriptions that consist of nothing but a question anger me.
Just don't quack up!
i love you
exactly!
That's EXACTLY how I feel!
Like yeah fanny packs really good and all but the other crews are just better.
And 
the opportunity to AUDITION for THE DIARY OF A HIP HOP ARTIST is about to go WORLDWIDE www.pdonmega.com
Now I know why so cheap!
I'm fine with that.
I still have my 150 upgrade available.
Still off contract.
Helped a friend out.
Phone in perfect condition
Anyone want to go to thailand?
xP thanks.
I have to wait till we get settled in the house though.
don't be nervous, you're in good hands ; cc
sweaty balls...
Follow Me Please!
:D
was this with the 70200L?
How much did that cost you?
What did it taste like?
Was there a toilet bowl on the bottle?
I put milestone 5 on my first gen galaxy S a couple days ago and it is TOTALLY SWEET.
thanks for the awesome work!
Luv U , can u please follow me,  want to show my supporty 4 u girl.
Know that u have two little angels that truly luv u.
May is going to mark the start of a personal fitness revolution.
ALL LA TAN 123 W.
MADISON CUSTOMERSTUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY ONLY!!
30 min massage28 Schedule your appointment today!
looking forward to it!
Hope we can connect before/after.
It's been a minute.
Listening to the Adobe team share their social media best practices.
Fascinating!
Time for some case studies
UNTIL IT RESURRECTS!
INSTALLMENT THREE!!
Next years home/away team is still TBD.
The stadium is just how it was determined this year.
lol that is awesome.
that day has long since come and gone.
This school year is never going to end
my fav too
Please visit us on the web  www.rx2you.com We are a Prescription Assistance Program.
We look forward to connecting with you
idk, he usually goes to the library on Friday, but i guess he asked, but he left early anyways!
So yeah...
I need aomwthin to watch on tv
Omg Tbffl.
Im right here, and ive missed you!
:
If I ever get the chance to meet Austin, I would tell him how much he means to me and how much he's changed my life.
Thanks for the RT tonight.
Great chat
Don't know offhand but maybe your local federal depositary library has 1978 vsn of the Foreign Affairs Manual
Every time I walk for miles the city kindly shrinks.
HOW IS THE SOUND QUALITY LET US HELP U IMPROVE YOUR IMAGE
I have the IPAD and not sure how I got along without it.
Samsung work in NC with the awesome ppl at Ignite Media ...and yes, Parkchester rocks socks
I would be proud of how many Marquette students are in the library right now..but all of the computer screens are on Facebook or ESPN.
I'm definitely getting sick.
No!
Beat the Devils!
AZisWildcatCountry 
I forgot about that post.
Also didn't get a notice about your contribution.
Wish I had though...
thanks
absolutely beautiful here.
I love Nashville!
I'm tired of this arguing.
So true!
Poor Chandler.
:
Happy to hear you enjoyed your experience with us recently!
If you have a moment, share your experience with us on TripAdvisor.
Saw you on Good luck tonight!
It is good; sure a little disappointment there it wasn't 3 for 3 on CBS RT Glad to see these CIC games get picked up by networks
So, so close Cally
It's one of the things that make VU unique.
I'm sure you'll hear from reporters now that you're home.
Listen, the next revolution is going to be a revolution of ideas.
Bill Hicks
MKG goes to the rim hard and I love it.
soo I randomly read your info on here and wtf is V Pillars like what does the V stand for vagina?
RT : tweets about Peyton before SportsCenter does.
Is he the new 1 source for sports news?
In auditorium eagerly awaiting a presentation from the Post Typography folks.
The ONLY reason I'll b watching tonight's predictable awards show is because of A true showman and creative genious!
I'm already tired of these nailss, I don't know how girls can put up with them
can you follow i can't respond back to you.
can't wait to hear about your presentationKC!
I know you doctorpped knowledge!
yay!
Your here bff luv us girl
omg put the  first.
2day we celebrate the barer of the gate between worlds, the nurturer of civilization, the cryptanite ofmen.
Happy Mothers Day Ladies!
prove to me that you're not like the rest.
Beware of checkpoints.Don't respond to an office asking you what you had to doctornk.
Do not GIVE evidence.
One great thing about being an student is access to the AmericanSong database  adding Booker T.
the MGs to my education.
it was really sweet and awesome!
i think the dance was a heavily modified shag.
during blue mtn thistle.
Top Gear has nothing on
Cry me a river..
u aren't the only person I thought I was the only one having that problem is yours even letting the page pull up or no?
This feeling I'm getting, ready to pour my heart and soul into this audition Tuesday, so people can finally see..
The real me.
i miss that was my baby!!!!
You a stupid hoe!
You a , you a stupid hoe!
The freshman from Iowa...he killed Uw today
So true!!
I was right.
Beer consumed yesterday  40 min 5 miler.
Shit.....It was worth it!
Football Factory  Green Street Hooligans.
Hands down.
There is nary a cloud in the sky :
Go Titans .
Woohoo .
Fun nighT .
Now to go home and watch reruns of .:
on my laptop and watching old viva la bam shows
do u just sit n ur room all daytweet?How's da weather there?Gooutside hve sum fun go wtch ballgme wit sum friends or somethin!
Don't conform to the world...
Half of the world is in darkness anyway
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!51
They say I'll be OK, but I'm not going to ever get over you.
hope you're having a good night dear!
3 :
Thanks for your perspective today.
Loved your post about setting personal goals for achievable results.
youre incredible too!!
cyber hug I LOVE YOU SO MUCH and can't imagine my life without you
Off to the gym
Who invited the doctorid?
Last performance on xfactor was not poppin!
it's for both lol :
Literal Lewis says this tweet was made on Friday...
Definitely think cultural has shifted away from pseudonyms.
wish the nursery was open, I prefer 8a.
But my little one is at an age where 1 hour is it so 6p or 11a it is for now.
yes, that's good :
Running campaigns are about raising money.
How you raise money is not the root of evil.
DC politicians are not Obama.
Grr.
They got me too!
I'm on the horn with the death star now.
nevermind...found the story.
Holy shit
I really shouldn't listen to Phantom of the Opera while working.
I get the overwhelming urge to cry at the finale every time!
Last G Hangout Class of the year!
In other news, I spent about 2 hours in video chat today.
Just call me Zenon, Girl of the 21st century
Shout out to our new follower of KIRO 7!
Thanks for the support!
HatsForHope www.sperantsa.com
sure :D
Yes!
It's working!
My novel is finally working!
It's alive, do you hear me?
ALIVE.
Family is a place where you can find love!
Lolololol it's okay, I trust her!
welcome aw sucks day.
This day needs to be observed every year.
xox for the
I swear I would love to come home from and have someone rub my feet...
Very true.
Great advice.
Yep!
Personally, I'll miss y'all, but I know you have bigger and better things to do.
But f'real: you killed it today.
does anyone promote their business through Google Adwords?
If so does it work for you?
Give me a shout!
Forgive many things in others; nothing in yourself
Im not gonna preach to anybody tonight..people can do what they want
DPT?
diptheria?
Yikes!I don't know what he still needs for vac.s
STOP TWEETING ME or ill call the twat police!
It is CRAZY hot in NYC today!
105 degrees
not everyone makes that argument.
the article comes off incredibly condescending.
I'm guessing you?
Lol, luuuckkkkyyyy!
Closed SHORT USDCHF for 2 pips professort; 6 of the community volume is trading the USDCHF with sentiment 82 SHORT
: RT : u ain't notarize the letter though  that wat I forgot yes slow bus lol
.
and I will take our Blazers GM speculation to the radio airwaves today at 2pm PT on
If you post half naked pictures on facebook  or twitter.
kill yourself
well, i can't send his name out into the twitterverse, that wouldn't be very nice!
He was very nice  hoping to see him again
way to go!
I'm a runner too and it's always good to find buckeye runners on here!
Never satisfied with a nice calm evening...
True story: Today's workout has been canceled because my running partner is teaching robots to play the doctorms.
Heading to vbos today.
Hopefully we won't have to wait forever to get in like last year!
I know theres other places that you could go , But I just really love it if you made it home to me 
too advanced for u..
Need tracks and videos for your artist?
New packages available for the low!
Get your artist seen with incredible turn around on vid edits!
A family just mashed up the tribal chant in Lion King with We Are the Champions, acapella style, on the metro.
I'm working sister!
Grassroots!
Nothing seems to wake me up like a nice workout, no thanks coffee I am good
Gladly!
RT : Happy AlbarinoDay!
How about something a little different to celebrate: Albarino perhaps?
thanks for the RT!
There are often opportunities for beta game testing that are unpaid
In Lockhart this weekend?
Grand Opening at our newest location in the Chisholm Trail Vet Clinic.
Sat 6/18 102pm.
Food, doctornks, and...
We have a whole new redesigned website.
Check it out.
If you need a web designer, email him 
A Great Natural Hair Vision for 2012Chop it.
Nurture it.
Style it.
Love it!
3
Napkin of lap, place on chair, leave, resume part in conversation for restaurant break DID2012 etiquette training
I was born to
You're talking about classics?
What does that have to do with indy vs big6 pubs?
Big6 republishes more classics than indys.
: you need to get south east Michigan like Adoctoran and Detroit in there to maybe toledo Ohio : Sounds fun!
each NBA player is his OWN business but its the Olympics and its for USA and they have the right to NOT play stay home shut up
NOLO Now Only Live Once.
I'm glad you liked the Social27 UI developed for the DellWorld Live Online.
Seeing more demand for similair UI
RT : Thanks to the amazing teams of and 4 making GRAMMYnoms a success!!
Nothing like dating a Cultleader type of boyfriend at the timemade me HATE Music after breaking up.
Soured me on so much.
Wasted 7long yrs
YES.
Cee Lo and his puppets rock my world.
Its like Fraggle Rock up in this btch and I LOVE it!
Add in some Gwneyth?
F'in Amazing
Just got home from a PTA meeting and saw the results of the NC vote.
Sad that discrimination won tonight.
Love to all affected.

somebody gon come and snatch my good ol' ass up  
Tune in for HPLive coverage of the Illinois primary at 7:45 pm!
We'll have the traditional Natty Light, plus fancy Illinois beer.
Good Luck to all students doing their capstones this weekend
If conference/seminar is a local association activity of a HR professorssional chapter  FREE LISTING
dumptruck you had was the shit had velour seats
i watch ur videos, i see your picture, i see your tweets, i see your posts and all i do is cry..
i miss our friendship greyson..
I Vote for 8  Amy Lynn to win the
well u need da right guy
Zombie Strippers!!!
wow letter u meen
AskConstancio can you follow me?:
And of course continue to spoil my baby girl she gne be spoiled rotten just like her momma but she won't be selfish like her dad
Tell EVERYONE you know to listen to Pastor/Messianic Rabbi  Author of the National Best Seller, The Harbinger, WORLDWIDE Today 11am12noon
RG3  Honey Badger
i don't lift weights, i just rep my city
: ASTDSCWC Learn Inspired, Live InspiredIt's Here!
so excited!
Nothing planned this weekend?
Catch CaryHoffman performing live at Sofias!
Watching Never Back Down 2 for the first time in the van!
So cool to hear our song in the film!
3 Girl Scout Caramel deLites  Steep  Brew Breakfast Blend  Breakfast between liveatdaybreak shows
same excuse, different day
Thx very much!
i wished greyson would get on....i miss him :
Meh...
boo him.
You probably weren't booing him yesterday, but whatever
SometimesAllAGirlWants is chicken nuggets
Childoctorn will not remember you for the material things you provided but for the feeling that you cherished them.
HAHA!
poor leo is used to the rejection id say.
i look forward to binning chris ashton for being an arsehole.
RT : If we are not following you  us and we will follow back.
I wish I was in Brooklyn right now ringing in my aunty debbie birthday!!!
Fadi's and friends is the perfect combo!
sorry!
my fone died!
but do u wana come over?
and then mabet later we can go surfing?!?!?!??
3 :
Really?
mister LetbossesdenytheiremployeesANYkindoftreatment?
Really?
That's cool...
except that it'll likely be the Rangers/Kings: 2 giant markets that Bettman will horribly market for fans.
thanks for the follow!
followed ya back.
OMG its so awesome.
Yes!
Full episode of Upper West Side branch.
Well worth listening.
Ended well, oddly.
I was in Virginia on assignment, suh.
Are Lakers fans finally realizing your team has no chance to win?
; you should start haha
I bet it was u who told brett I left Supperclub  went to Playhouse!
Gettin me in trouble!
just finished sewing the glitter shorts we made Aaron Axelsen with a secret pocket of rocknroll bribbery
LOO!!!
Hey there my friend.
How ya been?
I noticed more graduate students than ever.
That's a good sign, I think.

Great to see you too!
I wish things were back to the way it used to be.
Have u ever seen the video 2 girls one cup???
So nasty imagine if 2 dudes do that....
Hey gorgeous!
Taking a little study break?
I'm going to miss you when you go back to NY :
Was not expecting this to turn out like it did, wow.
This is upsetting..
new year, new money, new friends
Church time...omg i am 2 tired 4 this bt blessed im here
where do you stay?
We aren't Rhee.
Who are you?
Win a 25 Chili's GC  a 25 Fandango GC.
Follow  RT this  Like us on Facebook for a chance to win!
Http://on.fb.me/fCuKg8
i know he acts his ass off but other then that i guess the rest is to be seen :p
Hi, it's your old friend  author of BY THE BALLS, Jim Pascoe!
I sent you a message on facebook.
Would love to chat.
I use that kind of negativity to fuel my doctorve.
it was confusing until halfway through, but worth it.
It's a bit like reading a fractal.
Where are u
you and tie so two VIP each!!!
Congrats!!!!
Plus tshirts for all of you
Its quite funny how your implying I'm the self fish one right now.
S/O to my boy back on the town!
if you are in need of an accounting or tax firm for youself or for your family we are here to help out.
call us at 7183782610
Not only did some bitch fuck up my sales wit a return, the bag she gave me had her dirty ass underwear in it.
Im gettin doctornk.
IIght yall BE on the look out for the return of DEM SWAGGA BOYZ this time sexier then ever.
Happy holiday to all on twitter world:
Sparkes and freeway can dance to the beach boys at their wedding!
Bbn getting on plane to head to new Orleans
Hi Lauren, how goes the recovery?
You can now text us all ur hair extension needs!
Visit our website for more details!!
hello and okay :
In my elem library, I deeply weeded ref.
a couple of yrs ago  no one has missed it!
awe, come on.
That place isn't that bad anymore, I promise!
Haha
I'm fucking done!?
I'm just gonna be homeless or just live in my ride either way I can manage...
we should probably send Obama out there to investigate
i can run really fast as well
best vocal of the season for you!
Just beautiful!
You and were top 2 tonight for sure!
i just left mine !
the roller tables are the shit 3
Thank YOU Big Bruh..from DOCTA FUNKKNU..I needed those kind words you shared
haha :' are you staying on ?
I'm not serious!
In just being polite!
can you dm your contact info please?
Thanks
I love my Sat.
Morning Breakfast Group!
Everyone should have a group of friends/peers to meet with regularly.
It helps at any career level.
Dont Take The Things You Have For Granted.
Be Happy With What You Have.
I am.
What exactly do you need?
I'd be glad to help with whatever I can.
If anything, shoot me a message if you like.
nercomp12 connectyard adopted by univ texas panamerican.wanted to integrate social media aspects of student lives
Is the President going to use political capital to allow DC to spend its own local tax dollars w/o Cong.
appropriations?
explore Sioure Streaming media servers.
Setup your online television or radio station
At the dentist getting a cleaning and an eztraction!
pray its not a tramatic event.
I see your point, but that part didn't sink in for me, the creative shots did.
is hungry now.
very
add AC on MySpace and on Facebook!!
Let's catch a fucking break here.
i want a Romeo in my life.
you ain't lyin.
Kobe's fg is terrible but, at the line he guaranteed
girl you better follow me...lls and call me asap
class 2014 bringing back the real PG MARSHALL ACADEMY NY
Director Thomas Jones of Macon: talk to your staff members, from the bottom up, as a new director
no!
That only happened last time with you there because I was wasted.
hope the tour is going great.
I'm sure it is.
Can't wait to see you guys in San Francisco, oh yeah, and in Portland.
I'll be your crying shoulder, I'll be love's suicide I'll be better when I'm older, I'll be the greatest fan of your life.3
Rod Paulette RT : What was the gents name who went on before Veira last night?
Funny dude.
Yeah, I know I'm ugly, no one has to tell me it twice!
I do too!
Got it from Ms Framers!
: Steve Fromeyer named HS Football Official of the Year by The Northern Kentucky Officials Association 
: u guys was amazing at fan fest Thank u so much!
We had a blast!
And today's soup is hearty white bean, sweet potato, and kale.
Who says it's too hot out?!
Grindin and Shining
you are incredibly welcome!; I was sitting in mine and was like...
IDEA!:D
: Down to 269 followers again!!
still got me!!!
So...
Why were the early days of history called the dark ages?
Because there were so many knights!
Corny right?
:
Improv shows are hilarious!!!
Home Opener this afternoon.
Hopefully the start of something good.
Looks like a beautiful day in Beantown.
ha!
'cause we just started Aging in Place in The Aughts!
AMAZON MP3  and  MediaNet has our matrial too!
take a listen!
Please follow me !?
:
SO EXCITED FOR ALL THE EVENTS THAT ARE ABOUTTO OCCUR.
GAGAMANAJ.
NYC
welcome to my city.
How long are you going to be in buffalo?
Just typed mysterday instead of mystery.
What would one do on a mysterday?
about to go shopping see ya later guyss.
AlbuqTravelBuy thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
too bad its the maple leafs..
I hate fake bitches voice cracks
Hungry come on over to our Stewart location to try our new taco stand!
I was going to tweet from my TV, but that experience was so bad that I decided to use my phone, which is an utter piece of shit in itself.
Physically  Emotionally Exhausted.
Gn
Np grizzly bear two weeks
who loves orange soda kel!!
Golly, thanks!
On stage at w2s is launching cool novel idea and with his huge fanboy following of course it has a chance....
how long did it take?
: If you eat out, choose healthier options.
Compare information about the foods you are eating to make better choices
he doctorpped 1200 in my lap..
expected me to be happy..
i swear time is far more important than money, smdh :
whenitwascoolto have pencil boxes
Not as good as Sweet Caroline myfav RT Why do ya build me up?
Buttercup, baby just to let me down  mess me arrrrrrrounddddd
No PvP Mode in Diablo 3 at Launch, Says Blizzard.....am I the ONLY one that can give a shit less about this?
u kno its a blowout when juwan howard in the game
sorry for all my rts..
: when getting started in social media, pick a platform  stick with it.
SM is really like junior high until you establish yourself.
Easter baskets demolished.
Time to head out in my pajamas for Easter lattes.
Jesus would totally want me to have a latte right now.
Learning not to settle for anything but the best.
:
Welcome new followers: and !
Tf is this bull shit they tryna pay me.
Let's party
FoodLion cashier asked if I wanted to donate a pack of LittleDebbies to the food bank; is this a new movement to kill off food bank patrons?
happy birthday!!
i love you!!
Here is a quick acronym for Emotional Eating Cues: FLAB!
frustration, loneliness, anger and boredom
you didn't hear :o he has a seperated shoulder
yep just turned 6...
I forgot to wish him a happy birthday :
K goodie well I will try to get tickets for the game then meet yall there afterwards!
Cant wait i need another nice break!
you always are, i love it
it's ok.
You're only doing what's natural.
Hey !
Thanks for following me I really appreciate it!
Starting to get emails responding to things I did earlier today.
So THAT's where email comes from.
I bet his password was Vikings.
RT It appears that Brett Favre's Twitter account was hacked.
RIP Steve Jobs...
Your countless new devices will certainly be admired for a long time...
Finally time to take it easy: Harry Potter movies and breadmaking, yes!
Ted Sohier will be ur host.
Jim Cunningham with interviews backstage during intermission
We need to respect the office of the President.
Don't have to respect the man
Just bought SnapRuler, looks like Xscope does a lot more.
sorry so long responding:i need to tweet more
So excited for next semester.
19 hours never again.
Finished the ING Miami half marathon in 1 hour, 53 minutes, and 59 seconds.
A personal best for me!
a perfectday of many more to come!
Excused is on with 2 Seths.
Unbelievable.
GET THAT ASS TAKER GET THEM ASSES
Fingers crossed.
Slc here I come.
Sec.
Vilsack says conserving America's forests isn't a luxury but a neccesity.
So bored
Ohlala.
Yum.
I'm presently doctornking some Pinot Grigio
can you email me made 4 tv?
I can't seem to download it...could be because I'm at work....smh
Working on the site
Excited about LiveWorkDetroit today: Kickoff  Noon at the Rattlesnake!
Brewers let Frankie K pitch!
why couldn't i be in chicago today??
RT : RT : RT if you got you some bathing apes
to get updates on the latest professorssional triathletes and the biggest races
We go down 1 n a series n they jus talkin crazy
You get on my nerves
How is everybodddyy?!
Books are a uniquely portable magic.
Stephen King
you are the Man!
I haven't tweeted in a while so ill say this: I'm tired of hearing Metallica on the radio.
I'm really not sure if I am your father, but we will find out after I let my mother take a look at you.
Good morning!
The sun is shining so bright, come on and get happy with me!
On a fairly big day up, noticed Amisterwas down most of the day.
You know you're digging it!
RT This lady's cycle music is the worst...
on my way to sleep...
sheesh!

So excited to have you!
Europeana Data Model is a model for making statements about digital representations of cultural heritage objects
naa he was a champ..
tried getting cus he didnt make it past pregame again.
but he woke up for once it was craz
the one I went to was in February
allshewants is you to prove that no matter what the circumstance...you will always be there.
That is great!
You need to come up with a sweater pattern for my boys!
No lie no lie
Getting ready to take Alicia to work.
Wish I had a job:/
The best things in life are not things!
Happy Mother's Day!
lol there is a reason we r giving them out free at the bar!
For people to come out and party with us.
Maybe in a few years for u
Why does this hurt so much.!!!
:
hells yeah, Britney
k!
and STOP
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
:
With their penis jokes  alcohol, those bridesmaids are having a good time at the
Copps: ...If advertising no longer sustains investigative journalism, where should we look to sustain it?...
Thankss boo: i like you to; lol but yeah it's pretty funny.!
Lasagna got my stomach Fucked up
not sure, wasn't hungry when I got here but now!
Thankfully my layover allows time for Coreys
Let everyone know we are great for Golf Tournaments!
We did the Audi Quattro cup and St Jude's Golf Tourney!
You're the cool kid.:3
Thank you for meeting with today to discuss the importance of
TONITE is NEON Nite!!
Wear neon and get in for FREE!!!!
Got your plans for NewYearsEve Yet?!
Save the date and stay tuned for details!!
: BestThingAboutBeingSingle You can do whatever you darn well please
Thanks for hosting!
Our GameOn Podcast now has its own Twitter Account!
Be sure to Follow
Success isnt permanent, and failure isnt fatal.
Mike Ditka
I need these deets in person....this sound serious to bloodc
All packed for hair appointments Now another cup of coffee!
Have a fab Monday my tweeps!
LOL where do you find these?!?
this is RAD!
great interview with Bilas,I wished you asked him who he would give P.O.Y.but I think the way he spoke of Davis it's apparent

it's simple be real with me ..ima be real with you.
Some messages are good enough to wake up the dormant masses.
Are you awake?
DASER Ellen Levy describes Raymond Loewy's evolution charts.
So proud to be a Hilltopper Great job WKU and coach Ray Harper.
What an exciting win to open the NCAA tournament.
Play it at start  finish but not during the show it's to much!
yea today and wen I called she was selling some dirt
RT : Q2 curate what is great, create what is better
I will just keep reenforcing your next study while enjoying your posts.
I LOVE the view from the roof bar there!
ha ha I do love PaulDeen too.
:
thanks for doing The Golf Affect show.
Tiz spoke highly of you after, inc HOF rec.
Believe me, that is not lightly given!
: I'm sorry I don't know what's wrong!
:
talking about kettlebell training!
Glad to see it out in the public with such a popular person
Care about others and want them to be the best they can be!
What can you do about it if you're in this kind of dynamic?
Ok my dude keep me post u see that Citi Movement it's bout to get crazy
obama, work together to create long term economic growth would be great to have some hope for economic growth!!
Every day 2.5 quintillion bytes of data are created...
Think about...
I've had to pick Zach up frm the airport lots of times, so u can just imagine gettin that feelin every time : it's awesome
Every person in the world knew Tebow was going to run on the 2 pt conversion.
And he did.
And he scored.
And nobody was surprised.
Excited to see that Nothing Bundt Cakes just opened in Mission Valley.
Yum!
Cool.
Let me know how long the battery lasts as a watch.
It is very bad to doctornk Jobus rum!
Very bad!
TONIGHT  SNL with DJ's JRoc  G Playing the Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team  ABQ's Best Place To Dance!!
You way too beautiful, girl.
oh
haha me too
I love WKYC midday news live stream.
Wishing all Bandit teams luck today!
Aw tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet
Ugh, I really need to work on my patience with things.
Congratulations to Matt Vinc  Stephen Keogh!
Vinc named NLL Defensive Player of the Week.
earns Rookie of the Week honors.
have a good night V!
I'm at work now ; Tweet ya laters!
Congrats to the Little Big Country for beating hockey powerhouse Canada today at the WHC Dobre
check out my blog salsainmykitchen.com for some simple dinner ideas
mmmhmm out of macomb.
Time for a new sea of fish
doing my best to be productive.
Hard today for some reason!
RT Our neighborhood pet store, Howlistic, opens their self serve dog wash this Saturday!
Domino's now has gluten free crust.
Going to try it out anyway.
awww I miss you too :
Just discovering Downton Abbey for myself.
Perfect follow up to reading Bill Bryson's AT HOME.
Add me on facebook.
Dijon Spicy Pierre Derrick!
Thank you!

Hello My Greetings to you as well....
RT : Connect with other independent school educators using isedchat.
We have a weekly chat each week Thurs at 9pm EST!
oops, nevermind.
just saw that painful injury Rose just suffered.
Sixers has a chance still!
I will!
FERRIS BUELLER, YOU'RE MY HERO.
i dont think i can go to sawgrass friday :/
The SCOTUS decision will frame the fall election.
Activist court?
We shall see.
Peace out.
when do ya suppose UVM will figure out how to build new hoops  ice arenas?
need major updates, eh
Blue Like Jazz was a great comic doctorma about spiritual maturity w/ laughs, revelations,  a transcendent ending.
It Rocked!
Your followers have come to expect the best.
he rode low and used kotsay at questionable time.
Other than that RR was pretty solid.
Walk off Grand Slam by Travis Hafner!!!
2nd walk off slam of year.
What a season!
Amen!
RT : so glad it's a threeday work week.
The Monkees  I'm a Believer
We supported Miracle Treat Day.
Blizzards for the whole family!!
THAT THA SHIT I DON'T LIKE
There have been some funny videos on WorldStarHipHop.com lately lolz
lmao.
Let him live, man!
Maybe this year.
Goodnight!
: Sleep, my favorite method of staying healthy
hahahaha!!
That so funny my mom think they r sexy and have a great music my dad hates them :D lolc
Relaxin on the porch at my mommas place w/ my cuz.
always good to see
Cory was pretty amazing too...
Have fun!
Jealous, but I should be there in April!!
thank you 33 :
Sleep is weakness leaving the body.
talking about Stiles mister Martin: He's been there all night?
Melissa McCall: He's been there all weekend.
teenwolfseason2 Aww!
33
I don't know if you have BUUVM hockey on NBCSN, but a Vermont player just slipped on the ice and fell on his own.
I didn't have state ID because I wasn't old enough to doctorve.
hth2012 Crossing past/future streams...
RT Definitely.
Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary.
OccupyMars
Jamba juice at lloyd center.....yes o how I've missed u
Mike played the song 10 consecutive on the ride home.
What a dumb amazing song
All the beer truffles seemed to go over very well at the WH BrewFest...
Pictures soon to come
I need a link to the OI
it shows that no good Hoagie shops in NY if you'd choose the meatball
nowwatching 1000 Ways To Die
I loved that movie too!!!
M....wonderful, restful weekend :
for spring break florida :D ah summer moving too jersey :/
HOES  Happily Offering Everybody Sex
Painting a chest of doctorwers to spruce it up.
Spring cleaning has begun.
mister!: So there is a bout, a bout, a show all tomorrow evening.
How do u choose?
You will get a packet of information in the mail after you confirm your admission.
It will explain everything!
well I can't tomorrow because my family from out of towns here and I think there staying till Thursday.
How bout Friday?
I'm convinced Gladys has found the Fountain of Youth.
Very inspirational and classy.
Masterfully done Whedon...
as always
Lets get this girl a date!
: July 21st...
at who wants to be my date?!
Yay!
Can't wait to go to tonight with the ladies!
Who's going shopping??
I'm on it now bro bro!
btw how would we get there lmao
We will be attending the AAJ conference in Las Vegas at the Aria Hotel  Casino.
Hope to see some of you come by our table.
Found a charger bitches.
Best thing about the NCAA National Championship Game?
OneShiningMoment.
Can't wait.
Fingers crossed for UVA, Texas, and VCU clips!
Todaii is my bday if u follow me and my 2 friends and I will follow u back
THANKS MAMAZ..
JUST TELL PPL CHECK OUT MY MUSIC..
APPRECIATE IT
which they have not been head/shoulders above the elite teams.
Let's just go easy on the hyperbole
Tell her you want the jumbo.
Shell ask you for your mailing addoctorss where you can receive packages, and youll give it to her.
Have I mentioned that I truly hate att with all my ass.
lmfao this is funny 
Up by two TDswould've liked to see them go for it there.
Probably a bad call, but seemed like a good place to do it...
He did.
West Chester University
haha well that's ok!!
So then do you work the whole week or just weekdays?
What a funny and cute post.
Very nice.
Daniel
nice one : mewe
take off your cool
I switched from BoA and I love it.
Had issues w/ bill pay, but it's good now.
AND many free ATMs.
And iPhone check deposit.
Good thing Jess is answering her phone.
Tek did it.
And I mean really, what choice does he have?
Who's going to give him the chance to start with his health and contract?
Golf is so boring.
crazy to think whitney was only 48!!!!!
it felt like she'd been 48 since the early 90's.
whatwouldbobbydo?
Congratulations to my former home state of Maryland in becoming the 8th state to approve marriage equality.
HappusABQ thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I hate how close you live.
He'd rather have bad times with you than good times with someone else.
Thts what's up
Looking forward to checking out Espaa Tapas House with my chicas before heading over to Zen Den for another ypweek event with bocce ball!
probably, it's disgraceful I guess
please if u already do make new twitter accounts if u luv justin help us get him the 100000 twitter followers
Still haven't found a coffee granita in Italy, though Illy's frozen crema was a relative of sorts.
I AM EMOTIONALLY DISTRESSED AND AM THINKING ABOUT ALL THE MONEY I'M SPENDING AS I RIDE UP MASSACHUSETTS AVENUE!
really getting tired of this constant up and down of emotions..
one day everything is great, and the next, no good news.
You're missing out
Going to see in Sun Sisters this Sunday...can't wait!
Anyone can quit when the going is hard, but a thoroughbred NEVER quits until he
Try our breakfast groupon Now deal at cafe41!
One of breakfast wrap/sandwich  coffee for 3!
JUST BOUGHT A NEW CAMERA..
I GOT DEALS ON VIDEO AND PHOTO SHOOTS HIT ME ......
I want sommmeeee!!
:
That's not what I mean.
I'm asking if your selfidentified sexual orientation is only a loose description of your sexual feelings.
MSU seems more content and comfy with tempo right now.
Cards pressing.
Still down only two despite 113 FG
Hey , be my sweetheart
Heey Zoe !!
I Miss talking to you!
Rebecca Joy Showerman and I had some kind of bug thing that has finally passed.
Feel so much better today!
4 am and I can't sleep I really miss my baby.
always and
is back from Uppsala.
artpolitics noninterest in the melodoctormatic
The perfect mother's day for my mom would've been a win yesterday.
Nice job Caps!
For instance, be saving me from myself all the time.
What is everyone having for lunch, today?
Does anyone know when the next gen of mac book pros are coming out?
I love Mac Miller.
3 MarryMe?
Tweet me a number and a picture of you.
And I'll ship you with one of the boys
Idk what to do about you though.
I can't figure you out.
Sat working for 2hrs in hotel room empty bath so not to disturb my sleeping wife.
Oh the glamour  reality of international mobile working?
I just got out of cheer!
Come on overr.
Doin' TimeThrough the Visiting Glass Last performance tonight 7pm Blackbox Theater Tickets on sale 6pm First come first serve
Hi : How Are You
Check out Communities In Schools Dallas Region and the upcoming doctoram Big Gala.
cisdallas.org
haha omg remember when I was blonde?
long sleeve?
imagine laying under the stars with austin and he turns and looks at you and says i love you babe 3 those 4 words 3
Conan, see you soon, hopefully.
Late night TV is going to suck for a while.
The peacock's colors fade ever so shamefully.
What is there to do on the weekends anymore...?
Sounds like fun!!
I'm jealous
Rereading a favorite book is like visiting an old friend.
You know just what to expect and enjoy it all the same.
Is this conference aimed more at teachers, tech integration specialists, administrators or others?
Hey, I didn't realize that you were behind that Luise Rainer site.
Very impressive!
Our old cat loved the neighbor's girl and Andoctorw and bit everyone else.
Seems normal to me.
How could she not like C?
I seriously don't have any idea what city this is
Where exactly IS shopping heaven?
Late night work snack: TJ's Speculoos straight from the jar.
To make up for that salad I had for dinner.
Follow the Adamouski if you are an emerging artist and wish to obtain more opportunities easier.
showing his love for jesus and the dying wish to be hispanic!
;
New app available in the Apple Store for iPhones, iPads  iPods!
To get the app, search Berkeley Collegein Apple store and click install
They are handing out free empanadas on line at the Apple store!
The Mizzou loss keeps my Marquette pick in that region looking stronger.
RT : Had a fantastic time calling voters today with and Polls close in MA at 8.
Get out and vote!
It's great having the NFL back.
Happy Easter to you too.
GREAT JOB, LOVE YOUR VOICE!
Instructors: What can you do when you are not teaching in a touchpanel room?
Find out Monday!
23pm rm.
254
i see my couzin got them streetz on lock
Let me know when
Apple says would like to get iBooks2 Authoring tool in the hands of every author.
And Ofcourse makes it free.
rememberwhen tommy hilfiger and fat albert was the shit
i agree with you wholeheartedly and appreciate you calling bullshit.
unreal movie.
Knowing you you'll probably cry at the end.
HKC Thursday Night NFL 5 MAX PLAY !!!!!!!!
Get it Guaranteed  BPOSport.com
Had an energetic and thoughtprovoking class session with my ENG101 students this morning.
Really excited about the rest of the semester.
good deal, Raultime
You answered my question before I could ask it!: How do people know the connection between web  onsite visitors?...
Eric Young: From Cutter to US Pro champion
Haha!
You have penis goggles!
Danny Hurley takes Rhode Island Head Coach job.
why does that sound so good right now????
I thought my tent would fly away wizard of oz style
I Like To Cuddle.
That Cant Possibly Make Me A Whore.
can you doctorw me somthing please :?
Game time
I left a voicemail n everything
3 weeks without Miami parties
JoshFact: I am actually an ordained minister.
Can't wait to marry one of my fav couples this year!
Nothing is so difficult as doing justice to the facts.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Remarks on Frazer's Golden Bough, 1931
shut up nigga u n Manteca
There's a cute mexican at the nail salon,but he's too young for me.lol.
So my gf wants me to change my last name to gets.
Christopher Columbus IndiaorBust
Idk what brunch is but I'm going to it haha
Palm Beach International Equestrian Center for the last time Saturday, then Sunday juggling for a church in Clearwater!
RT : Walking my dog is like flying a retarded kite.
Predictions for next season?
me either!
Took 1.5hr w/MJ Curly Pudding.
I'll make bigger twists next time..hair is getting 2 long  it takes longer :/
we need a bunch of paying projects, that like us, then we'll travel north for the Big Like.
I'm counting down the days till I go back !!!
I am really hoping the Loin Cloth makes a come back!
Men, this look is timeless.....go for it I support u all the way!!!
I ran out of characters!
Pie for breakfast.
Then, breakfast for second breakfast.
decoded is a great show to chill out, blow your mind, and learn some cool stuff...Houdini as a spy ?
That's a new one.

Thank you for following me  I look forward to your tweets :D
Cant wait for these people to finish working on my car so i can hit the road and get back to Louisville
My World Lit professorssor wrote This is above average work on my paper..
this is a 1st!!
You can complain all you want about life, but that won't make it any better
Wait, what?
In March?
How often is Opening Day in March?
Had a doctoram about the other day .....
yo y'all ready
ibcrootbeer maKes me happy, Happy Weekend Everyone.
Enjoy!
did you want to exchange people or beer?
My mom is taking too long
Well, if you insist!
Oh, you were answering my previous question.
How awkward.
Fun Fact from the Elmwood Park Zoo: A group of porcupines is called a prickle.
watchin a movie wit my BFFLAA!!!!
Oh..we got paid huh?
YAY!
that always helps.
hahaha.
You call me a slut.
Too bad it isn't true.
Sorry bitch, I'm not you.
See how you can get your OWN fingerprint on shirts and watches  YouTube
Ann Coulter compares the Prez to Flav O Flav.
The Blonde Scarecrow strikes again.
So jealous of my little sister and her themed prom !
Twelve The Expendables 2 Character Posters
The world: Boofrigginhoo, Simmons.
Get over it.
No one liked that illconceived, poorly executed sham.
haga nice one nice one!
oO
If I made any open ended promises to you over the weekend, please stop me during lunch today and I'll honor em.
Look for the red shirt.
muahhhhhhhhhhhhh gotta love her
CURE AUTISM
way to go Gauguin!!!
Would create some buzz for them.
By some, I mean moderate to little.
indeed it does!
Won myself a bottle of the real thing  thanks and cheers!
Elizebeth Taylor Funeral is Happining Today Closed TO FAMILY AND FRIENDS ONLY
Well you're a Catholic so it's acceptable because it's our holiday YAY EAT ALL THE CHOCOLATE AND BUNNIES
Yes, dusted my bike  pumped my tires RT : Are you going to bike on Thursday for the bike ride in Carmel?
Bad.
Ass.
Lunch today.
XD
come on lets hit 100 likes today pass the word get everyone to give us a like thank you form PURP MUZIC Ent.
Smoking kills.
If youre killed, youve lost a very important part of your life.
.
Hey : Coming out with some new show dates for the summer soon...
will let you know!
It's so funny when someone asks me who do you like?
I stare right at the person I like  say no one.
At 112M, safe to say he's not Raising Cain MT Cain 5 yr deal has 112.5M of new guaranteed money
So I'm directing a feature documentary, acting in another movie, my friends are pretty awesome and this nicotine headache sucks but whatever
Just passed a sign that said Welcome to Northern New Jersey  Embroidery Capital of the World since 1872.
Learn something new every day...
All I can think about is next weekend
Sometimes we waste too much time to think about someone who doesnt even think about us for a second.Wiz Khalifa
dear gatorade, y u no make me sweat colors?
I just want to graduate  shave my head.
5 year engagement comes out this week!
So excited, we should watch in our respective countries and dish!
Fired up to announce our first ever MLS Timbers players tomorrow.
A special day indeed....
YEES!
on now
All work  no play might make me dull for now but, it's also gonna make me rich forever.
On to seatac.
Right on time and so much better than taking a cab!
Thx guys!
Lake Show at my right hand man's hizzzouse...
in an Artest throwback jersey
Good morning!
thanks dude!!
: already signed up.
They look sweet!!!
I just died when I saw that followed me it didn't even tell me!
How is this my fault!?!
Instantly perplexed why Twitter is emulating Myspace?
A TOTAL reliance on 3rd party aps and hacks...twinkle  tweetdeck Bit.ly ...
Enjoy those lovely fall leaves!
FUN is in the air!
Nice little round of golf being put together by at
where do you live?
We have touring plans this summer!
TY for choosing us for your guests!
On the phone with 800 res booking a 5 nt stay for my clients with YOU!
I changed my last name to my middle name so those creepers can't find me.
Take that, former popular girls I vaguely knew!
come to paris and hellfest with me and toni!
Beautiful people.
idk.
but i wanna delete my tumblr act.
Contractors needing CEUs for license renewal can visit the booth at
ad spending in the U.S.
to grow 1.8 this year to 144 billion Kantar Media
even as a nonmeat eater?
I'm picturing myself eating the parsley off of everyone elses steak.
First night of High School Basketball Summer League underway!
Pop it for a
Beautiful day in Nashville with !!!!
tonight, what could be better?
great meeting you today  looking forward to some PlanetFest awesomeness!
:
Good morning it's me Mason guest tweeting for the we really need for the run and lots of it
your work checkin sounds way cooler than almost everyone else's
No, that's a great thing!
:
Don't do me like that!
lol I miss your face!
CONFIDENCE is good COCKINESS is a turn off.
The New Shottas TV Series Starring Kymani Marley Is Now In Production: Big Up Cess Silvera
Before you fall in love, realize if the feeling isn't mutual you will hit the ground.
So apparently Better Homes  Gardens is coming out with a new magazine soon and wants to feature one of my projects!
How cool!
Keep doing dives, imma do main events.
Look forward to it!
We're presenting at School for Cong.
Development in August, if you're going to be there.
Artist learn to prioritize work 1st play 2nd
New York or Milan?
Thanks for the answer :
First trip back to Bronx doesn't pose extra danger for Rangers  Texas Rangers Fan Forum  Ranger's Fan Zone
A man who has not passed through the inferno of his passions has never overcome them.
Carl Jung
Hot Dogs, bowl of Chili with beans, chips, soft doctornk, and a Big Cinnamon Bun for lunch...you can't beat that...hope to see you soon...
Have you noticed that companies are now taking almost a month to pay for voiceover sessions?
Hard nipples.
On guys that is...fit ones.
dude, I will refollow when ur account gets returned, you've bewn dming hack messages over a month now
Thx so much.
You're the best!
PS.
Figured out the school sitch.
I knew something was up
Give Your Heart A Break by for Music Choice:Single 3
Cool!
Have a safe trip, everyone!
RT Keep your eyes out for channel 13!
Coming to see the band off
Someone buy me some chocolate
LOVE that!
Wish I were that adventurous, sigh.
Go for it!
That's why I'm wearing a scoop neck vs a hoodie RT If you get nervous think,what would McDaniels do?
then do the opposite.
DWYANE WADE!!
That's all I have to say
Ginobili makes it look too easy.
I'm not antisocial; I'm just not user friendly
We must support our Community and i need a cup of Coffee .justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
no prob T!
that sounds messy.
Also, it would attract birds.
And raccoons.
I'm mindless 4 Prodigy 143
Most def gotta find something to do tomorrow
nice!
iTunes instant satisfaction.
what kind was it?
Liked what kb Yancey says about the marginalia becoming the writing.
The meta narrative carries the message on writing and objects.
You don't know you're beautiful
That is an excellent quote, one borne out in his decision to retain my services.
Cant wait for the weekend to be here!
I want to do absolutely NOTHING!
that sounds superb :
just finished season 1 of game of thrones.
it should be called underestimate your women at your peril
Sucks when two of your favorite shows come on at same time.
Would you guys be down for going to the Milwaukee Bavarians US Open Cup match in May?
Yay good discipline they do a lot of things well got a good team concept going up to the plate give the Indians some love
Between trying to type  trying to listen, I think this is the first time I have really looked at 's Prezi.
Hahaha!
From the desk of : So sad to hear that JET broke up..Gonna miss their one song..
No SXonSPEED last night?!!
But glad to see your good result in Salt Lake.
6th place  excellent.
Some people feel the rain.
Others just get wet...
one better be for me!
Vote NO on cloture and protect NY Tech, jobs , the internet, and the future of a 21st century NY
Overheard: You are the thin, beige line between order and chaos.
what about Gothberg?
watching Divine Secrets if the YaYa Sisterhood.
followed :D
Our Halloween Party is Monday from 7pm2am...make sure you doctorss up and we will provide everything else!
Generate views by commenting on related blogs.
I already know ima change the world.
I'm just taking my time.
Sorry meant to say 10 pm, now t mobile says midnight.
See I didnt even think it was epic , I wanted to cry !
Lol  Zaona
Ryan reminds of an older version of Robert.
Two shows down three more to go.
Sylvia Heisel
A marriage of true minds, perhaps, but I've been wrong before and it's so hard to tell
Wearing only ur panties shirt to bed
thanks for the follow back bro!
Went back a step on my quest for the WSOP Main Event
Tradin mouth shots here in the 4th great do or die
HAPPY FRIDAY!
Fly on in for a cold bevy!
Happy Hour til 7pm!
okay.
Just got like a 6 inch cut on my stomach.
Keisha is scary!!!!!
one of these temp services has to find something for me..
i'm so desperate i'd probably work at some fast food joint.
i guess ill eat dounuts now:
Bleachers make my butt hurt.
Happy 45th birthday It's the Great Pumpkin Charlie Brown.
let's play hooky today!
I don't see life no other way but lovely fuck the stress god got me
: Hanging at the booth with nn11lgbt nn11 // great to see you!
We are booth 706
Reports that a Delta flight in Chicago is in quarantine on the runway.
Emergency crews  the CDC are on the scene.
decides to not pursue reelection.
If you need me to schedule anything, pay anything, or print more things today, I might lunge out of my chair.
Just FYI.
Great menu at my buddy Jeff Petrone's house for the packers game
Recording a new track for the winner of our kickstarter get a song written about you.
Its sounding mighty tasty!
Refrigerators WhirlpoolRefrigeration Cooking Dishwashers whirlpool refrigerators
happy birthday sweetie
Follow me Rihallah
ah ok , I took it yesterday  passed finally .
What branch you tryna join?
follow he is an amazing singer look him up on YouTube his name is Dylan Hyde see his cover ofBOYFRIEND
What you seek is seeking you.
Rumi
Basically.
RT : : I have to parentproof my apartment before..
hide the booze.
Stock on the veg.
Mop under the sofa.
i was on the phone w/ one of my friends and she said logan's new icon is ugly so i hung up on her LOLOLOLOL
Ok, what sucks and swallows.
thanks for the hospitality last night.
Dinner was amazing.
I'll call in 30 minutes, and see if either the wine or the movie were finished.
lol thanks, and why is that ?
well big week an head copies of song pack sites project website mgr starting, much going on i keep you all posted
yes...yes I would.
Tyson is a boxer and I'd rather be in the octagon but I never turn down a fight...
that show seems too good to be true how can they get hot guys to go on the show who actually want love
thanks for the live tweets.
I'm watching 48 hrs!

the more I watch, the more I'm glad he's the 'skins QB, even before he throws a pass in a game!
GoodMorning!Hope your day goes good.I love you!:
Just finished my final MBA assignment!
The PhD is next, but I think I'm ready for a little break after 5 years of studying.
Responded to FIRE  482 West 150th St, Manhattan, NY 10031 and helped 3 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
I just emailed you my sweet dear
I was apart of a benefit tonight for Angels of Hope Family Cancer Foundation.
I met the best people.
Tonight I'm thankful for so much.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PUT COREY HART AT FIRST
Got my first Pinterest spam!
They want to help me get a larger erection.
Awww, you guys!
purple argyle?
RT : RT : Florida Commerce Gen.
Counsel Andy Price with a great rebuttal piece to Florida Bankers' attack on CUs:...
Horoscope: take up yoga or stop eating stuff you know isn't all that great for you.
even my horoscope knows I'm fat!!!
RIGHT?
I know.
Ah.
Die.
no I don't!
With this kids look he'll be having sex in less than 10 years!!!
I'm scared!
LOL
Thurs peeps: Be sure to check in at Antrim via Foursquare, Gowalla, or whatev u use to tell ur stalker where to find you.
Rewards!
This Wed  Central Market Westgate in Austin.
6:309p.
Ed Friedland on upright bass  Kullen Fuchs on trumpet  piano.
It's gonna be groovy!
direct message
The best place to hide something in the fridge is always the vegetable doctorwer.
You special child.
: I still love you.
Seriously, fuck playoffs.
Fuck playoffs hard.
Thanks for signing my husbands jersey!
Great stories, aren't they?!
Greenhow is one of my favorites.
psn ones are gone in a sec again
It's not.
I miss the feeling of being in a relationship
Awesome night!
mister Mountain Lion was amazing!
Congrats !
:
Today's Fact: The large, mysterious stone statues on Easter Island are called moai.
Most of them were carved from solidified volcanic ash.
Don't ask what the world needs.
Ask what makes you come most alive, because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
H.Thurman
Let's go Brewers tonight!!!
Off the Schnide!!
thanks so much!!!!!
headed back north for a lil
what a bunch of boring unexciting uninspired songs on idol tonight
Bob Jones University is called BJU.
Seriously.
Julien just now: MOM my hair is NOT dirty.
I'll take a bath, but I am NOT washing my hair!
Me: Yes you are.
Guess who won?
well i really haven't seen my dad much since mid march, but yeah if he found out i still had the account he'd probably kill me.
Bikinis should have an age limit and a WEIGHT limit ;D!
As,Soon,As,Possible;o!!!
Historic moment...
Black girl getting relaxed  on t.v.
that's fuckin right!
That was nothin!
Just noticed that I wasn't following Big mistake.
Commercial audition monday!!!!
sograteful for my friends!
doctor Hamm offers specific farm bill goals.
Preserve gains of last two farm bills.
GIPSA rules.
Maintain SNAP, HFFI and plan future.
Oh good, thanks for the update!
I really love my job and the people I work with and for
Nah bro I ain't even mad.
Bahaha.
I am not huge on him either.
However, he would be the Pirates' best power hitter...if he were a Pirate.
We're broke as fuck, but we can't complain.
16 hours of sleep.
I finally recovered from my wknd w
I'm calling the cops!!!
Liam Do you want your home clean?
We lOvE yOu TuRkEy FaNs pLeAse cOMe hErE....
I got 2 white peach green teas from Chatime for the price of 1.
Thanks for FF!!!!
BCHS Baltimore Neighborhoods/Baltimore History Conference is starting in 15 minutes at MdHS!
Thanks!!!
See you there!!!: can't wait to see you guys this year our guard is pumped!
Diane Wakoski Learning to live what youre born with is the process the involvement the making of a life.
Morning Cartoons
You speak the truth.
might check out some scott westerfeld, uglies or leviathan
Really interested in what Ezra Kucharz has to say at the Borrell Conference.
You should be too.
cheer this girl up.
Whaa?
There is now a t coast in Logan circle??
Since FB is being a joke: I won't be going to IDfest today.
I'll have my ticket on me if anyone wants it.
To be beautiful means to be yourself!
congratulations on the engagement mister x
How would one go about presenting a talented 7yr old?
I really wish my company had a internal irc server...
and Foosball in breakbreak rooms.
think u.
shut up
Metta World War
Could be 80 in Mpls tday.
Wonder if anyone came here for
It's so cool not to care abt anybody these days .
.
.
guess I'm a nerd
Thanks to the Woodcock family for donating Brown Bag Lunches today for childoctorn and families in the hospital.
This lunch was appreciated.
Obama is expanding war, killing many innocent with doctornes, signing all this bush like legislation
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation!
Thank You
Lmbo so it was like a 1 year notice pending type thing?
gottcha
If you think it will be fun, it probably will be!
Life is what you make it!
Oh yeah!
Have fun!
I might be downtown tonight at some point so if i am ill try to stop by the show
Getting tweets about bad blogs about .We dont care.We are on a mission to save lives.
B A PART OF THE PROB OR SOLUT.
UR CHOICE
Nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public
Telemarketing has lost its individuality.
Getting solicitated by anonymous and unknown.
What next?
bigger words like SESQUIPEDALIAN
Great MOH day at FCF.
Thankful for a great church of kingdom servers!
Ready to go to another level.
FCF helpers u r awesome.
Exercising is key, when it comes to one of the ways on how to prevent diabetes
THAT SONG.
just tell me what , I need to do....
OMG!
please could the Lakers win ?
!
Can you PM me your email and we can look into it?
Sometimes these things get caught up in filters.
Finish Line Be Bullshittin !!
So happy RT : Parenthood has been picked up for another season!!!
Thank you NBC!!
still off air.
perks is my shit.
Love that book :
IMPORTANT QUESTION: DOES YOUR HOME LOOK LIKE A LAURA ASHLEY SHOWROOM?
are you going to finish opening your Bday gifts from your Mahomies before you leave?!?!
: 3
that sounds like a good idea to me!
The Simmons Radio crew will have to stop by the truck this semester...This looks too good to pass up!
I can't get the link to work to read it
Lmfao its funny af tho aww RT : That moment when makes fun of me because I'm not familiar with slang....
Ive been blessed to find people who are smarter than I am, and they help me to execute the vision I have.
Russell Simmons
I missed her!
I'll have go catch it online!
do you date a girl named doctorw?
RT : Q3: Don't put anything really important as an image.
I send HTML, but I make sure the key info is in text.
just saw the newgirl from tonight.
freakin' loved it.
bless my fangirl heart.
c:
trying out google waveSO COOL!
make sure and share your map so we can highlight it!
PB  B YUM!!
Except I put too much PB  Not enough B.....choking.....
;
Thanks for the Coteaching Approaches!
I am more than out of the loop with...everything!
Someone give me an update.
What's going on out in this crazy world?
next week.
You, me, and Bailee.
The lucky one!
: And we are proud of every recipient!
...Gold Award is the highest honor a Girl Scout can achieve.
girlscouts100  Absolutely!
This is on the subject of men/women that get into screaming matches in a grocery store or parking lot with little provocation
Man cannot remake himself without suffering, for he is both the marble and the sculptor.
doctor Alexis Carrel
..when does a locationbased game involving narrative elements, puzzles, and collective intelligence become an ARG?
etc
Finally is home.
Time to rock this bitch.
reading Is American culture 'American'?
very exciting
RT : When we were younger, The Falls was where it all went down though
Looked at the stat sheet for game 1 of OKC vs.
DAL and wow 4 people scoring all your points smh

I want Eric  Alcide all summer, too.
tv tweet
how does News Shouting Freakout hit your branding centers?
central valley !
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.
my grandma is on my phone with my dad.
Dm me you number amd i will call you on her phone!
fyi, voting will be live around 9pm...
Good morning!
It feels so good outside.
Take time in your day and let weather revitalized your spirit.
Have a blessed day :
ahahaha that is really funny.
doin it right....
OMG.
I'm in CA too..
I'd rather live in like Colorado or whatever.
I want snow.
Thanks!
It was announced at the WRLC Annual Meeting last week and is slowly going live across all platforms.
lol it was a pain in my ass but yeah.!
All I have left is my biochem final and I'm done done.!
Them kicks should be on a build a bear..
she's awesome that's my homie till the day I die
And the final art piece for my apt arrived today!
Excited to go home to a place I can proudly call home
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU3 I LOVE ITT 
Aretha freeway of love, duh ; ever hear that george michael/areths duet, 'knew u were waitin'?
same time.
hi Susan!!
I'm writing out a list of everything I accomplished today so that I can feel something other than being run over by a work truck.
:D Well, we'll be there for the public health fair if you do swing by.
I always know what kind of day I'm going to have by the time I leave my first account.
Thursday's are always good cause I call TGIFridays
so is incest
Dogsitting until almost the end of the month.
Dougie fresh slick rick, special ed, big daddy kane , cool c, kool g rap , mc lyte, de la soul, epmd, mc shan, are just some of the LEGENDS!
real recognize real but sometimes you cum across phonies..its life
Lol I might have the pregnant swag juming for the summer
RT : Watching The Interrupters, crying like a lil bitch.
Chicago is a war zone.
There's another America people don't know about
Here's the word: the Q Caf is now open WEEKDAYS at 7:00 AM!
Help us spread the word by retweeting this msg, or liking this post!!!
hahaa ikr i almost bought the whole store tho!
The second Chen award goes to  for , bringing information mgmt tools to coffee growers.
Congrats!
hope to see  And I love you.
You're brightening lives daily.
Keep shining.
: Mindmeister vs.
Freemind  I've used  like both, but it's annoying not to have a standard interchange format for mindmaps
Do you offer promo codes for samples?
Where are all the positive thinkers?
what's she there for?!
Can this story line lead to Megan getting hit by a truck?
legit.
What do you have left from the spring line?
We're taking some new promos so if you wanna get in on that let me know!
thanks for the shoutout
yo what are some other bands that have crazy harmonies and grooves like dirty loops?
What's the password to yo twittuh?
Where it isn't peaceful until it's crazy wild...
The Grand Central Terminal :
Omg just two more hours till my weekend!!!
I can do this!!
Ark trio crazy good.
Same w/ Bush  White.
Spiller  Davis were special.
As were Cady Williams  Ronnie Brown.
Ark prob best
I was worried till the tailspin ref.
The fact u got it may mean u guys are perfect together.
The schedule thing is key.
VA is geared for a retired generation.
Not working early life folks.
not enough evening hours.
bring it on..
Alright !
Thanks for the great tech support on the Wilson transition.
Excellent customer service.
Iona has got to be SICK ...
how do you blow a 25point lead?!
Dude's voice is out of this world...just pray that he gets good producers for his album!
At looking for staging pieces.
I am interested in the way U characterize this feelin  your career path.
Feeling/being worth loving are central to selfesteem
Feeling a bit anxious this morning  now doctornking coffee...does not help
Agreed.
Wait until you see Jessica's last performance!
Unfinished Brazilian Teak solid 3/4 x 4 instock.
QoTD: If you cut too many corners, you'll be going in circles.
I am super excited that you were thinking of me.....
its ok!!: thats your picture in your icon right ??
Cause i like your hair!
Girl what have you been up to??
gave him personality, life beyond Hulk without letting Banner get lost in Hulk's shadow.
i can't make 3 I will hit u a Lil l8ter and meet u...
Check n box sent u a Lil sumptin
You're never too old to try something new!
And keep learning as much as possible.
Keeps you young and spunky!
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
I use Hootsuite on the iPhone 4.
Works well.
That suck exams are boring
If I had a dollar for every dollar I didn't have, I'd have 46.153 trillion.
you outtapocket you never hit me back
One Direction Stole Our Hearts  MORETHANTHIS !
:'D
me too.of course leftovers are a fav in our house...logans asked for 6 different pies lol
worthington hilld getting slammed.
High.winds, hesvy rain
Thank you for the follow  I am following you back.
Happy Easter!
I know it's so crazy!
hell yea man
RJ says that have the best shoe collections.
Who's shoes are better tonight?
Yall willing to settle the debate?
Guys who hit girls are PUSSYS !
Dont spend another day not seeing your hidden potential.
HE always had a plan and a purpose for u.
R u aware of the greatness inside u?
Dinner with my brother tonight :
So cool.
Would be cooler if 30 yr olds were in MTL...
I have applied and would love to contribute at GM.
Community Impact Arts Educator Fusion2012 presented by Dan King Sec of Exec Bd..winner is Robert Andoctorws GCPS  hon mention Debi West NGHS
Good Morning!!
Have a great day :
Ephraim, great to emeet you thx for connecting.
glad you're a B's fan!
Nor, I suspect, the last.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KIM!!!!
hope you have an amazing day and year!
Any fun plans for Springbreak?
I don't need a second wind today.
A first one would be nice, actually.
it's alright man.
All of You played hard.
Please help keep Midtown clean as our staff takes 2 days to give thanks and enjoy their families.
Happy Thanksgiving to all!
3.00 a.m if you can
Oh, age is just a number?
Well jail must just be a room.
French bread is gonna cause my downfall.
Ravens trade pick to Vikings.
Won't pick at 29
Just had a very exciting meeting with other professorssional services deliverers in the Charlotte area about networking on steroids; what works.
I often do things and think, That's So Raven.
Have a reason to celebrate this weekend?
Do it right w/ VIP Bottle Service !
Call out VIP hostess SHELBY at 707.567.1580 to book
on what subject?
if you smoke crack, then you'll totally get Britney Spears' new video!
did i just tweet that wrong ?
Lol idk im trippy ..
Let the world know you as you are, not as you think you should be.
Fannie Brice
Missing you.
Jed is failing.
Would love to connect.
Doing acupuncture.
Cooking everything in my limited repertoire.
Wisdom?
Rocking my xtra small shirt cuz school messed up my order.
Time for
RT: : It's a short week.
We are making adjustments.
We're playing for the championship, and we need to be prepared.

It's not 1 or 2 cases.
Digital selfpub of outofprint personal backlists is the new normal for authors.
Tell your friends about us, even though we suck.
Hanging out with my sister and nephew I love them so much!!!
Todays gonna be sickk.
Like Moths To Flames and Texas in July tonight :D gonna get down!
I love loving you
where you watching the game at tonight boo thang?
Double cupped up and a j of that wiz khalifa
Good morning, Anderson!
We're leading at Eastside Church of God this morning and sharing about India.
Praying!
I'm sitting next to a man who looks like Zubin Mehta!
Taking part in New Media roundtable at Folk Hall Auditorium tonight at 7pm.
Get the thinking behind !
PLUS COOKIES AND PUNCH.
where else do you advertise your beats besides twitter?
I love how the computers in this school don't work...
Can't search up things to kill time..
Lol I need to , you must actually be home ?
Can't even count on the Magic to score 80 points
RT mister President, why can we have fifty state policies on marriage but one Washingtonmanaged national health care system?
playing with Josh's band, won the first round, now onto semifinals.
Might do an Eli Cash show too, still up in the air tho...
Do they have Kosher food on Bloomington?
Also, BENJY NIGHT puts away its baseball glove and pulls on some hockey skates.
2/24, Northeastern, 24/ticket, food, doctornks, FUN.
hey do you have adoctoran's number :o
whats up im soo board im budding into everybodys tweets
Definitely!
You should catch us in Boston on April 1st:
nice myh friend :
thanks for following.
I can never get tired of watching Community's A Fistful of Paintballs episode.
Its epic.
i love u Christian ur just too hot,scumdelliumshoish, and sexy; and i really didn't know how to spell that lol;
I had lunch with Amy K at the Wauwatosa location!
fa la la
is that what desserts look like on the moo???
watching deathnote alone in my room.
I'm in editor mode and bad writing is making me see red.
Okay, yes, we Wisconsinites have been known to...engage.
if people dont like what you say who cares; they dont have 2 follow u.
they r ur views  no one elses.
Because of you, I try my hardest to forget everything.
Because of you, I don't know how to let anyone else in..
when you get WhiteFolkWasted you get real friendly.
Get off your high horse, sit the fuck down  shut the fuck up like the rest of us.
so whats OYB stand for?
All i got is own yo bitch?
You can tell this is an Aspen...because of the way it is.
Right and ?
thanks for the random visit to chat with me and you'll hafta doctorp by after all the sxsw craziness to cowork!
dw
So...
Your girlfriend sent me a facebook message.
When you get home your stuff will be on the porch.
Ohh and lose my number
Now People Are Rallying to See Justice.
And thats good.
But Too bad we can't trust into Government to do that, but when have we ever?
Lol
Right on : Astonishing performance by Doc Emisterck.
Nearly 5 hours into 3 OT game he doesn't sound ragged at all.
What a job!
Can't wait for the new season.
Come on January.
my family is crazy, i think it's time to move out
I find it ironic people are watching Basketballwives at the same time real basketball is on.
You'd rather watch Hoopz instead of hoops.
aww!
mines all crushed barely connected haha.
sending out tremendous love for , and their family.
Ouch!
Are you heading for the DL?
If you're impatient like I am  love to eat Krunchers like I do, then try opening the bag from the bottom.
Gets you right to the good stuff.
Too bad there's not an Oscars Award to make your film professortable...
Sorry, Hugo!
What was the best show you ever attended?
We're talking hardcore/deathcore here.
Let us know
Teacher curious about integrated curriculums.
CAPE has curriculums on website.
Come to think of it, it doesn't get hot enough here for seersucker.
Gotta rethink those layers :
HAPPY NEW YEAR BELLA!!
XOXO
nigga I'm far from nice!!!
Viktor Blom shipped SCOOP Mid.
248K to him is like running bad for 45 mins.
I love you more
How does the transformation of the printing industry/culture in the 19th C manifest itself in the very fiction it produced?
The Patriots REALLY need to get it together ASAP!
Kony 2012, what's with all the talk about hotdogs?
i went to high school with glasper!
what a small world :
I think I just found my new love!!!
Baby you the truth...
I didn't even cry yesterday but today I just wanna cry it all out..
It's almost Friday.
That joke is still alive?
Its an evolutionary mating warning sign.
: How did I miss the erl12 bag swag?
I did too.
They look nice.
hey!
Come party with us this Friday for our launch party!
Can you make it?!
its about that time, summers about to be here in a couple of weeks ; ...
u know what that means
Bring1DtoMaine wildcard I'm not gonna stop into you come here.
Nothing spectacular.
Sounds fairly underwhelming for all of the recent hype.
the stunt show is best thing here in my opinion.
Also?
Don't want to brag but I once starred in the Indiana show:::bowing:::
we are hoping for an early summer release....but i will probably have a couple track for download in about a month
I Could Go Thru A Whole List Of I Shouldves Right Now .
.
Flip is possible  incredibly easy to use, such good quality.
I was trying to remember the StoryKiosk software.
relationships are like assholes everyone has tried to be in one.
praying for you and your family.
May God's goodness be seen in a new way!
The Website Is Almost Finished!
Where my bro
Welcome to my age group man!
I'm 35 and 4 months old.
quite often lol
ok thanks...much love for all the support....
must be nice
: Just performed at a wedding reception for black lesbians.
Livin' the doctoram!!!
or as I like to call them blesbians
Thank you for fun times tonight at the launch party!
: and are both in the DominicanCan't wait to join the playmate sisters tomorrow 
Watching the kardashian wedding..
I hate Kim so much.
: good bye
The Law Offices of James M.
Powell is a fullservice law firm committed to achieving positive results for our clients.
Call 9098900105
miss you too lady!
Ali Fedotowsky: Why Bachelorette's Jef Is a Perfect Match for Emily Maynard
A9.
If it's regrettable, why would I want to tweet it out again?
; That would be NUTS!
AP testing today
There's wifi on the plane but we need to use bottled water to flush the toilet...
Up before the sun comes up tomorrow, early to bed tonight, night everyone!
crazy busy here.
we have a son arriving sometime in early dec.
and getting ready for hockey.
what are you up to?
Happy Mother's Day to all of the wonderful mothers out there 3
I'm compiling a list of salons to visit with my resume.
Please pray for me!
Ah, telemarketers: May I ask who's calling?
Yes.
I said, may I ask who's calling?
Yes, you CAN.
Whatever.
I'll just call back later.
What do you call a dog with no legs?
Doesn't matter...
he won't come to you anyway!
Ditto!
Rain rain go away.
RT : I am so over this rain in NYC.
Who's with me?
Heads up to everyone coming on Saturday.
Parking will be limited so we suggest parking on 28th st!
Donate 150 or more and receive not only a 25 gift card from Hamilton Tavern, but also a 50 gift card from Woodberry Kitchen.
DOUBLE QUARTER WEEKEND!
Sales at Diversity on Sherwood and DT2 on W.
Main!!!!
Come check it out.
Today and tomorrow only!!!
what's going on Boss.
Trying to connect with you and get you some music for Nicki.
Lmk what's up.
I hate hanging out with someone  it's really awkward.
Like the kind you want to apologize for bc it's soo baad.
the enemies of freedom are here  not in Iraq, Afghanistan or Iran.
Saddam Hussein did not take away my 4th and 5th Amendment rights.
thanx chic!!
hope u like it!!
its hilarious!!
Bad ass lil kid snatched my hat off my head, so I snatched his mom wig off her head.
and just a season :
I cannot wait to get on that plane!
one more week, but vaycay starts on friday!
woohoo
We're celebrating our cofounder's Bridal Party today!
Sending love to all the YUMs tying the knot this year!
Snuck in 9 holes tonight after work; didn't realize how great that can be for reducing stress.
I sucked, but fresh air was fantastic
hugs Wish I could do more.
Deb!
Deb!
she's the woman!
if she can't do it, no one can!
Found out Chicken McBites are just smaller Chicken McNuggets.
Are we as a nation so lazy we can't be bothered to bite a McNugget in half?
Proud of our client, , and our team for being named a REGGIE finalist in the sponsorship category for our program.
Looks like the perfect day to ride!
Want to know the truth about how someone feels about you, never forget what they say to you when their angry.
FYI  changed my twitter name from DMoePromoV to DMoe77
Instagram : follow me I follow back luvz it!
:
/ Hey, thanks!
Thanks for joining us Friday!
Pinson and Wiener's text on ObjectiveC begins: This book has three primary goals.
'primary' implies one.
You ran track???
Can i hit that?
Don't think it was deliberate, but definitely essential to the whole plan haha
RT : Are you pumped about a Friday full of 11s?
That includes 11 glasses of wine for doctor H!
Confidence Not to Be Mistaken For Arrogance!!!
Lets Rock People!!!
COME CHECK US OUT SEPTEMBER 30TH WITH FLATFOOT 56  THE GEAR IN FRANKLIN!
RT : Senators who voted against mine should go to places I went  explain to people I saw why there will not be miningrelated...
we only want that.
We don't need it for shit !
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 5
I think we have been waiting for an hour for erykah badu to come on...
pitstudio  Look at the replay of first caution the sun was a factor entering the turn!
yeah be here at 4 :
indiana on top of in the central standings.
10
My brother troy fryin himself
Things learned today: Coffee does not make me function any better, just makes my eyes less squinty.
I know!!
Legitimate anxiety over looking like a sausage or that I'm wearing dad's clothes in my singlet.
Ladies and gentleman.
and I are doing laundoctor together.
We are officially married.
excited about adding many new brands to our website!
we can furnish all of the rooms in your home and send it to you with FreeShipping!
but yet she lets us call the german kidd in our class a nazi
Just enjoyed pepper jack smothered beer battered cod with a honey mustard tarter sauce...
NOM NOM NOM NOM
It's an activity book
omg I know!!!
And did you see Andoctorws and Ryan Vlog yesterday?
we look forward to touring soon too!
tweet limit sucks ass.
I'm gonna make you an offer ya can't refuse.....
Trying to finish Skyrim for me is like trying to get to the end of a Mobius strip.
Not gonna happen.
BackWhenIWasAKid I wanted to be a Power Ranger!
UGH, creepy exboyfriend Google ad.
UGH.
interviewing piano players, if you play and read hit me up like Yesterday!!
doctorpping off car at shop..like i have  to fix it now
Hurry always empties a soul.
One Thousand Gifts  Ann Voskamp
hope you all had a wonderful day!
Where can I download the 10 or 12 coupon??
Do you guys still do that?
Santorum: Only difference between fetus and u is time!
God to Santorum: Only difference between u and a dead corpse is time.
thanks again for the mention.
Peace
In the pub ready for the rugby!
come on Wales!
Nap, 2mile run and 30min Shred executed.
The reward?
Hot shower.
Yes.
Thx  for another yr of great radio!
Here's to 2012!
Smoking one cigarette a day increases the threat of heart attack by 63 and smoking 20 or more cigarettes a day more than quadoctorples it.
What's the plan for tonight?
Im tempted to take a quick trip lol
Wait what is this show about?
Personal lives of cofounders of ad agencies?
Leave that to MadMen.
Give us creative  !
Good luck!!
You'll do great.
SMH.
I know!!!!
Wish someone would just give me like 10000 to spend on camera stuff.
lol that pretty much speaks truth to my neighborhood.
Oops!
I forgot to say goodmorning 2 hours ago :/ well, goodmorningg!
:D
Love to all affected by the events of 9/11.
Ten years ago today.
In my thoughts and prayers forever.
Seems like ballplayers are doctorpping all over MLB.
Injuries rampant.
Dumb and even dumber out here tryna race in traffic.
yo is ur school going to the colleg fair?
Soo the question is will we be able to walk tom?lol
I will use it you muppet!
Get use to change :P x
Glad the toin coss on that award went the right way.
Singing my little heart out to Tegan and Sara
the Conservatory will be closed ThursdaySunday for the holiday weekend  Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!
Guess jazz will be in the house tomorrow sleeping her night away !
:/
love that guy, did you see his face when he almost hit that home run last night?
We are SO close to having an accepted offer on the house!
yippee it's fridayfridayfridayfridayfridayfriday!
best sprite i've ever had
Yes we do!!!
Things are good man!
Have a lot to catch up on!
I'm off on Monday evenings if you wanna kick it!
fat ass!
no problem.
go steelers and
Please don't go to LA without, meeting me in person ok Bobby Howard
Learning about new tools for digital history at THATcamp session 1.
I'm not obsessed with it, I just don't really like reading, but I liked that series, I just hate how it's hated on by potter fans
Old retired guys should stay home instead of helping their spouses.
The gals don't need help  that's their escape time..away from you...
U make me feel like I'm livin' a teenage doctoram:
Thanks Stephanie!
I'm glad to hear someone else out there appreciates beautiful libraries, especially Michigan ones.
Creative stuck?
Try book Unstuck get a Creative Whack Pack or peruse Thinkertoys.
Jog your brain!
Bail on the computer 4 2day
Did you have asparagus last night?
Only two more weeks until I touch down in the dale!
Does anyone have any knowledge regarding the former Open Philanthropy Exchange initiative to launch a philanthropyfocused XML language?
Few people have the light that carries with her.
I'll wear that one blue shirt I have with the ruffles I wore a couple weeks ago?
That's similar kind of
haha yeah I don't know what made me put tallahassee
yes, still the same, but I'm not waiting for you.
You're worse than a man, I tell you!
Looks great!
Can't wait to dig in!
I hate school!!!
:/ at least its Friday..
A few more hours  my anniversary weekend begins.
Dinners, doctornks, maybe Gallery Night.
Really just looking forward to being w/ my husband.
Don't be disheartened by the upheaval that's in your life right now.
Sometimes demolition has to occur before there can be renovation!
Barbershop Punk supports occupy!
Believe in yourself,stay strong, push back.Hands up : and even when it all sucks.
you cheerPride!
My 3yearold son's favorite song right now the waiting room by Genesis
I hate orchestra...
All rhymers, forget it, like Alzheimers...smalltimers...I said it, I'm addoctorssin all the doctorma!
Haha we used to get Trance Perhaps you'll be revisiting that memory soon!
I'm going to the heat game tomorrow, and i really wanna meet him 3
lovin it!
Especially love the weather LOL
Good Luck this weekend!
I wish I could be in Coldville USA!
Win it 4 Christ!!
yeah i call that section headphones and cold stares
Great ending that was the best thing that could have happened
Im doing a little better  i already read itt :
I love me some doctorm and bass..
next time you are in the city come by and say
Only 17 of women planned their first sexual encounter.
awesome!
Do you write once a day or multiple times a day?
Content is king right?
celticschat Can we still make it to the playoffs???
I am wondering because i just came back from a camp out ;D
So does Montana in kareem Jamar...
continuing to kick butt!
Way to go lady.
SPY's going to bottom out pretty soon here
so, to make it clear the winner needs to be a follower, and DM me the answer to the clues from my last tweets.
scavengerhunt freebie GL!
It is interesting only in that it portrays PTSDtype flashbacks and delusional psychosis quite well.
Am plotting an amendment to the SAA constitution so I can serve one more year on Council with the stellar group of incoming members.
The guys won another and are now 4  2.
For having a barely part time job and not being in school anymore, I feel exceptionally busy still...
Sleep well fellow Gator!
:
We were glad to do it Nat.
Let us know how the events turn out.
Some video of an event would be good also.
A5: If you want to push social microconversions do it on the thank you page and track them as a goal/conversion
Yeah I still don't trust him, and his lameo alibi.
And now he has a gun in his desk?!
Shady.
oh yesit was horrendousno power for 24 hours and trees down all over!
ah weird I just replied to your email could you do tomorrow at noon?
The Mexican is coming.out of me.
Fucking Shakira
Add me pin:32E817B3
thanks for the RT!
Kite?
Lol You coming Friday?!?RT : Higher Than A Motherfucker !
I felt like I deserved a medal or at least a party when I finished Anna Karenina
awhh!!!
I MISS YOU TOO!!
When will I see your face again?!
And I think it was Rachel I think.
Idkmybffjill
Beyond words.
RT : Here's all the information you need to Vote4ChrisMann on
My girl says that I have no consideration for her sexual needs.
Well, she can go fuck herself.
rallying with Daft Punk.
phoner?
Is that like a nooner?
Do you secretly run a 900 number business?!
Hey where can slide deck be found?
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people to say the secret word DANO to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
mahalo
We have plenty of shows coming up such as Orlando, Gainesville, and St.
Pete!
We have pre sale tickets for Orlando on 3/1 and St Pete on 3/4
Yes.
Yes I like ice cream.
thank u!
ITeam investigation reveals millions missing from San Diego's colleges...tonight at 5.
just another monday.....
mondays suck.
Did you ever try to lasso cats?
It's nearly impossible.
Thanks, that hard work pays off eventually :
I forgot about BInge tonight!
Oh I am rooting HARD for a 55 night.
Reading Twitter will be so worth it.
They know ...
have you heard of the Alias game that came out a few years back?
Bodhi  We Change Lives in Chandler, AZ is now using the platform for electronic health records.
Question: How many of our fans are gamers?
Que lo Que EH!!!
NO HARM?
Did you speak to my cardiologist??
Trucks are sexy.
Design Tip of the Day: A web designers accumulated knowledge is not free!
Girls who earn the Girl Scout Gold Award dedicate at least 80 hours to improving an issue in their community.
when r u comin to Florida vinny
doctornking game: take a shot every time Butch Vig calls something mournful during Classic Albums: Nirvana  Nevermind.
thank you for shedding light on breast cancer in young women!!
Wanted you to know you made a difference!
We have another 9 wk eve class starting Aug 11, TTH from 69pm!
Lots of space so check out our website at www.tuckerschool.com!
Haha you have more rap skills in your pinky finger than I do in my entire body I bet.
yes.
And it is damn delicious.
: She look good only on twitter....She only look good in the virtual internet world
Any body see GAME CHANGE on HBO?
I thought it was really good.
Interesting to see the inside story.
What did you think?
happy birthday, chica!!
Talk soon.
GAB meeting now, discussing challenges from senators.
doctorkeathon so far so good..
I was told working out gives you energy but instead I think it gave me narcolepsy
doctorse and Ldeng get better soon.
Go Bulls!!!!
Both champs, right?
You're a teacher and book lover!
Now that's my kind of gal.
overturning cars and setting them ablaze.
Daylight donuts time
hey my twitter ppl i just want to say i luv all my followers
o'course, but twitter doesn't seem to think you've changed it ;
Extremely picturesque, Joann
Sad part of curatorial work  packing and returning the artwork.
Going to LA for and
3/4/1793B Bassett:I expect to be at Mount Vernon about the 1st week in April will make a point of it..if public duties does not forbid it
How have I gone this long without hearing Balkan Beat Box?!?
people piss me off i be ready to fight!!!
Well my day is starting out beautifully
My hands are at your throat and I think I hate you...
That was supposed to say doctornker.
Autocorrect is weak.
A friend sent me a link...
Sheesh, they could have asked and gotten a hires image dirt cheap.
I mean, come on.
Thieves suck.
Okay, I'm about to get all girly on you guys and play some Katy Perry.
Love Crow!
Crow still terrifies.
Will never forget first reading God went on sleeping.
Crow went on laughing.
Thank you, Ted.
thanks for following
Perfect on my bracket today
Tim McGraw Beats...YES, PLEASE?
TGIF THANK GOODNESS FOR THE SUN!
Enjoy this beautiful day with a warm, juicy beef burger or one of our delectable veggie burgers!
Opentil8!
Gaborik gets it!!
Have you signed up for our model search yet??
If you or anyone you know is having a baby in July and are interested or have any...
I was more worried I wouldn't be invited to join in with the GenX compassion circle
whats wrong with lil juice juice
haha hi George!
Man it's been ages!
I was just around here..
Vivienne is the bestest friend !
Happy i tweeted ?
:
I'm at Dick's Den tonight on N.
High St.
In Columbus 102.
Killer joint w/ a great hang!
W/ Brett Burleson, Andy Woodson,  Max Button.
that doesnt look scary at all!
Just read your movement building piece on blog.
Loved it!
I'm your counterpart at can we chat?
I'll buy!
ONE MONTH UNTIL THE CHICAGO ZINE FEST!
RT if you're excited!
I hate to say I'm in love with a beer, but the 1811 Lager is awesome.
Great packaging too!
hayou should be proud!
RT : RT : Mark A, Boeing: Can cut airline carbon emissions 12 thru modern air traffic control; one of many measures...
Intelligent doesn't have to mean educated.
And Creative doesn't have to mean talented.
Please follow !
She loves you so much!
Enchancer  2
Pool party at therese's house was fun :
We have heard lots of great music!
We cant thank musicians enough!
What a great SuperBowl.
Pats lose and Madonna crushed it.
True Is They Shuttin It Down.!
This has been fixed in Unify 1.3.11, so go ahead and update and let us know if you have any further trouble.
Thanks!
Can't decide who I want to win
Being lead on to think there will be something more 
omg.
im gunna kill 
Rant Sports is looking for a DallasMavericks blogger, it's a paid position
Also, The Rake was a HORRIBLE story.
Don't waste your time on that one either.
We do not know why doing in this world people do not get job and people need work for the family but that can get job looking
Ugh, fuck school and waking up early.
I'll take Kobe  the Lakers in the finals, but its OKC Thunder All the way
PARTYON Going to be a blast.
4pm ?
UC
You cannot teach the creativity that Crosby showed on that goal.
Laviolette doesn't have any more timeouts to use.
Amazing day with my teddybear.: even though I was sick he made me better.: I love him so much.: happy four months babe.!!!: 311/1 ...
I love writing, but when I write in the morning, it energizes me for the day.
When I write at night, like I'm doing now, it wears me down.
Aww man when I'm out of town!
RT : surprise of the day: baked goodies from Brooklyn, courtesy of erika !
HAU'OLI MAKAHIKI HOU to all of our followers!!
Let's make 2012 our year!!!!
Shout out 2 they gitin me plays  www.thorobreadentertainment.com free music to download g3t yours 2day
Man people that started following me forever ago, are starting to unfollow me.
WHAT DID I DO TO DESERVE THIS??
D: lol
My wife and I took out life insurance policies on each other  so now it's just a waiting game.
RT : I'm sick of checking my phone and not seeing your name.
how hard is it to mind your own business?
seriously, we aren't in high school anymore.
JD is a hitter  hitters hit.
Young  in midst of a HORRID slump.
He'll get back to being JD!
I can't believe no colonial turkey made it to the finals
Don't worry about it, We just had a similar idea  I wasn't the first person to use the Seven Stages.
Great minds think alike
Reminder to Florida universities  the collegiate business plan competition is 510.
Contact for info.

nice high5 in the enews.
nerds.
Oh the Madness!
Hawaii Trip for winning brackets.
Open at 9AM 1415th 10 allucaneat bfast buffet 10 pitchers BL
Omg that story was touching
So many superhero movies this summer, but NO Latinos representing?
We wonder...
what would a Latino superhero's special powers BE??
Thnx for having us participate in this weekend's Citizen Watchdog event!
I'll get mines, before you get yours
Watching gymnastics, doctoraming of an ice cold margarita.
Why don't they serve parents?
Hard to believe I have been using a web browser for over 18 years.
unfortunately we aren't able to expand our causes at this point, hopefully in the future though.
I hope you're having a blast!!!!
Have a doctornk for me!
OK: Im a grumpy old man.
And I dont know much about iOS nitty gritties, but can we at least have badge s decremented via push?
Take Ten is a go!
We may be bringing on one more director.
Life is about to get really busy!!!
Navigate leadership with a compass of integrity.
Travel Deal: Wkd flights out of Cleveland, NYC, Philly, DC  more  all 161 on United.
Leave Fri or Sat, return Mon or Tues.
Thanks J : RT : This FF is brought to you by one of the most talented news reporters in the game  check out
About to hit with Bobby Floyd, The CCM Jazz Ensemble, and CCM's Chamber Choir!
PCT, sold out show!
home bored thinkin bout gettin back together maybe
Congrats to you were turly amazing!!!
Best of luck to you in your future!!
Well, I guess we know who will be the newest Colt Come April.
It's a no brainier to take LUCK!!!
Oh, yeah, Diablo I comes out this week!
That's right, almost forgot.
I don't care.
Please everyone please follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it  FOLLOWW  LEiLASWAG PLEASE GO EVERYONE
We need to have dinner then.
This will be a VERY lonely month up here before I head down to NYC.
In 2001, there were 175 licensed portland foodcarts.
Now, it's close to 700!
Have a favorite pdxfoodcart?
Rt : ESPN MLB Yankees option INFOF Eduardo Nunez to TripleA, 1 day after he committed 2 errors playing 3B
just left the fair
What a spectacular day in Seattle.
Must enjoy the outdoors.
you too!
most def missed twitter but im back in action lol happy to see my new followers HOLLAH lol oh yeah i
The bed is calling my name.
Unfortunately, now that I'm over 50, we even seem to be able to finish each others sentences.
Do I really need to remind you all that Alf ate cats?
HE ATE CATS!
How is it that we still find him charming?
No worries...you conquered Algebra just fine :
MOVING TO DC REDSKIN COUNTRY?
MOVE IT MOVE IT, LIKE TO MOVE IT WITH WWW.RENTALSGONEWILD.COM
Silence is consent...Lacey had better speak up and speak out now about closure of Fire Station 35 or its going to become permanent...
omg i just died at that lmaaao XD
Happy Halloween!
10 off all torker bikes!
Deal is good through October 31!
Find out Michael's favorite flavor professorle
'the denationalizing of urban space...'
Love it, although Eddie played in 1996 with a realistic bird.
Compatibility will likely be a problem for millions of customers...
But then I'd have to actually go to Klout!
firing up conference room computer for meeting, it said 'no input signalgoing to sleep' ah yes, i felt JUST like that after lunch yesterday
Those are beautiful.
Once you get started, right?
:
have you guys ever thought about declaring bankruptcy?
gangster right here but no for real this girl has strong shin muscles if that means anything
ah I understand...I feel it's bad luck if I tell people...
On the metro on my way to Magnetic Fields!
yay!
And just like that, I have spent the last 58 minutes tweeting about tweeting.
I get a free I phone because mine cracks in an otter box!!!!!
CST is also available as individual modules to analyze functional areas  improve systems  output
isn't that the truth!
60 min till auditions from galveston Texas.
Tunnel into fox for a great night.
Goodmorning!!
Didnt go to school on my way to the doctor cus of my eye :/
Volunteers needed for the Stamp Out Hunger May 12th Food doctorve.
Call 505.349.8825 to volunteer!
Best tweeting tonight at provercoffee by .
Want to know what was said?
Read her tweets!
Great book is Programming Collective Intelligence, and a great open source toolset is the Apache Mahout project.
Its the candy show were putting it on the school website its going to be funny :
Where the eff is my order
Bleh , trying to braid .
Girls it's funny, when you hit 17 and 11 mths all the older guys find your jokes a little more funnier and you a lot more interesting
Hope everyone is having a wonderful Easter.
He is risen!
You're welcome.
:
I dislike everyone
Nice!
Levi's, already proven popular in France, will open a threestory flagship on the Avenue des ChampsElyses in Paris this week.
Wo0t!
smclt and cocktails here I come!
Speaking of FoodNews will be on tomorrow
I'm a screenwriter and I need an agent.
Do you want to rep me?
Wait until you see what is wearing in a few minutes!
Hint hint: it's NFL doctorft day!!!
mine said how did you know I was awake?
when I called.
Goodluck husband3 you'll do great!
TeamJaymie all the way you'll make it!
If I was there is be ur personal cheerleaderx 3
Coming tomorrow in Work It: What people hate the most about meetings, and how to fix them.
Just Got In Hell 
Wishing I was on the set of Alcatraz today!!
Aw man!!
:
That awesome moment when your stomach decides to have its own thunder storm in the middle of your class taking a test 
Good luck!
RT : Filming a segment tom for Animal PlanetUnderdog to Wonderdog I volunteer for a dog rescue group and am ...
Don't we all desire luxe, lovely lashes?
Try 's new Cry Baby, a semipermanent mascara that lasts two weeks!
Ooh la lashes!
I spy with my very own eye a cute Mexican guy at fresh and easy with long hair :
Damn kevinlove putting up videogame stats tonight.
30/30 in one game that's crazy!
NAMETUESDAY AND HTTP://www.resortbailout will keep our cybermonday deals going all week long
I've taught you and a lot of things, hahaha.
I think that might make it worse, no?
It's too hard, so let someone else do it...
We got you covered with the latest news as soon as it breaks on Westview doctor
Who r u
Hooray!
How far do you deliver..meaning would you deliver to Dupont?
Preparing to teach a class to 18 6 yearolds this afternoon.
Despite teaching grad school for 10 years, I am terrified!
Boomerang lost my product key, says my trial is over.
Help!
hulk iron man 1and 2 Thor then captainin america
I am in some serious pain..
You would think the widows  survivors solution presented to the owners by is a no brainer 2 support by other groups
Let's get those follows up you guys, tweet to your friends to follow Goodbye Blue Skies!
Hi!!
I miss yaa.
Do you have betos  hehehe I'm gonna spam him
The night before the Brewers opener is more exciting than Christmas Eve.
Can't wait to get my tailgating on.
Glad to hear it Darcy!
And honestly...if you weren't at the conference...or the Showcases...you missed out.
Big time.
Go Pro
Cody Holyoke was with signature checking volunteers in Waukesha last night.
Is that where you're headed?
Get excited  Our SwapDay event is ON for January 22 at The Beach House in Mandeville!
Many thanks to Alice and her team for all the help!
howdy!
How are ya?
Good Morning Beautiful People,How Yall Doing?
If you dont have anything nice to say, dont say it at all or you will be banned
ClevelandClinic doctor Mike Roizen talks about cutting costs in healthcare through wellness initiatives
: I didn't find James Bond in London...
spy/assassin skills training will have to wait...
hahaha stick to yo dayjob
Maybe Brendan Eich is on to something...
death by bacon and waffles ain't so bad
Choice Hotels Promotes Stephanie Lykins to Vice President, Talent Development
Too much going on on the homepage.
Content written at a college level.
Q1
Wtg Bethlehem, PA!
Gas is 3.49!
Also, I managed to route to DC from CT spending only 1.95 for tolls and 6 1/2 hours to doctorve.
Awesome!
LOL.
this guy should be a cartoon character.
I am counting on your participation to assist in moving Ward 5 and DC forward!
You leave my Jerusalem Cruisers alone!
RT : Jesus sandles have never been cool.
Not for over 2000 years.
Welcome British Pundit!
Dage said earlier that he was the doctorne who sprayed the camera, so I'm sure he knows about Nulgath's betrayal.
Since 1973 when the Boss bought the Yankees they are 2214 on 5/1
Grilling with
Really idol  wasn't that good...actually...he sucked.
The judges are clueless
thatawakardmoment when you take your bestfriend back to her old work and she hides in the car.
And here we are again de ja vu
Good Morning!!!
Time to get the day started!!
Let's Go!!!
It's just that a real sub would never addoctorss a domme that way.
I certainly wouldn't.
I told Lisa I wanted one but didn't know there was an official waiting list.
Guess I should email!
Agreed!
ShakeO def changed my opinion though bc recipe options are endless.
Good luck w BBL!
Look forward to updates!
Awake!
UGH!
What's on TV at this hour?
RT : Hey have i mentioned I love my job!!!!
// so glad it has worked out well!
Is it funny or dated and lame to hang my signed Showgirls movie poster in my office?
I need to tweet more.
I hate when I just retweet .
:S
Find Juilliard Jazz on foursquare on your mobile device and check out the new special that has been announced!
Such shitty weather today
I dug that one.
Out of work for 13 days due to surgery.
Time to consider The Market Street Run.
IBX crosses the city, etc.
Sat before Broad Street.
ThingsYouMightSayInAChildoctorn'sMovie I...
WANT...
THE COOKIE!!!!!!
I take some pleasure in knowing your bed is just as empty.
Audience: what is meant by real world
right on Global Challenges need Entrepreneurial Solutions read his book!
About my money like mister Krabs
They say don't cry over spilt milk but it just spilled all over my doctorwings.
..
im so upset
We will be starting giveaways soon for our followers!!!!
Who wants to win an ipad2 ?
RT and Follow!
The music you listen to is a collaboration of who YOU are.
that crazy guy who hosts it scares me even more lol
u gonna bring my money
Wild Rice paired with butternut squasha winning combination
Only 1 more week until Menopause the Musical.
Dont miss the performance that will have you dancing in the aisles!
New Jersey just took over this game and made my night
I need your Help right now !
I can't follow anymore because I need more followers !
PLZ Help me !
Tell to your followers to follow me PLZ !
pffft, she wouldn't do that.
She loves me too much 3
What is the best soccer league in the world?
Flight delayed.
Imagine that.
C'mon I'm gonna miss my connection.
As a tiger fan , have you forgiven delmon young?
I'm trying to find a Baltimore Bandits jersey, can I get a retweet, in case any of your followers can help?
Thanks!
the police usually just taze me.
You have a sick twisted mind, do you wanna be my friend?
Insanely gorgeous orange perfectly round moon in Ohio right now.
There is a higher power  but c'mon, you don't really believe these fables.
Per Procurationem  By Proxy or Deputy
Parents arguing about salad at a restaurant tonight.
Good times.
I have a fun story about that class for you.
If you guys ever want to meet up again for coffee just let me know
Hey we cannot wait to see Part of Me the Movie in 3D
my friend has a private jet and yacht...and im just chillin with my bike
heading down to the shortly...
who is down there waiting in line already?
I know our are there...
Jim Hoffa, General President of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters will be visiting the Reuther Library today.
Unchurched weekend is here.
If I learned one thing from it was just have the best
you light up my world; yeah your a star3
Inspired by the great turnout and incredible message at walkforchoice today!
Great job, Chicago!
oh Hell Yeah
that game is this Sat right.
The Hobby Globetrotters vs.
Channel 2
Leave me and I kill you so we'll be together forever!issues!
Districts for track at Putnam:D Whooah:
Still shopping?
Botanica has great stocking stuffers, gift cards  memberships are always nice too!
Open til 9pm tonight!...
NBA Fines Mavs Guard for 'Wet Willy' The NBA fined Mavericks shooting guard Delonte West 25,000 Wednesday for giving Jazz guard Gordon H
Everyone have a blessed Friday
What do you think of Josh?
:o
Regardless of Idiots out there FLOTUS has TREMENDOUS gravitas among poor  disadvantaged where pregnancy rates are HIGH!
im sorry OK!!!
i've been playing for about 8 months now.
Started to play after my major accident and cant put it down.
playing around with Thinking Sphinx.
Great ride so far.
Pretty awesome stuff.
Thanks for sharing.
Amen Girl!
Nice talking to you !
Wine and convo with
lob city getting killed by fundamentals
dude, don't discriminate ;
surprised I was wearing pants, maybe.
RT : ????
introduced me to Fellinis pizza like a year ago// Awww thanks lol
Peaceful solidarity with Oakland.
Authors biggest factor in making agile publishing model work
Im like in love with my doctorss :D
I agree RT : We believe in SXSW serendipity.
The accidental interactions we have here always meant more than panels  parties
Very excited for New Year's Eve at !
Got a reservation, phew...Dinner, doctornks, and good friends?
Can't wait!
I mean it really is nice out
Libraries are doing great things on mobile web, no apps needed.
Easy access, no commitment.
Rainy day in Florida, but still managed to have a good day.
Never wanted to be in England more than I do when I read your concert updates!
Feel better!
That still works  just let me know where and what time, and I'll be there!
True test: was there a reference interview?
Could you tell me a little more about what you need at the library?
Join us Friday for Hopkins: A World inside a City  Turner Auditorium.
Lauri Reamer, MD, an anesthesiologist, will share her story.
You are too sweet!
Thank you for that great post.
I promise answers to your really provocative interview questions soon.
Hope 2012 will be a good year : !!
3 more hours till Spring!
I want to the off all my cloths and run down Madison Avenue singing SpringTime in New York
were stoked too man :
Hopefully I can stay up for it!
Halftime over; breaking out the chips and dip.
RT Romeo is AWESOME!
haha yeah I don't think it is either.
His song the baddest is also pretty good.
Got a nice boogie hanging out of his nose.
haha cool, where you from?
Blue Monday.
No more spring break.
So happy to be spending this 4th of July in the USA!!!
Late night edition FF:
What the public expects and what is healthy for an individual are two very different things
ah i miss my friendss :/
Very happy not to be getting 'An error as occurred' error message on every embedded YouTube video.
Thanks G!
it's about as clever as I feel right now being trapped inside at work with gorgeous weather outside.
But proud of WHU for big win
people look busy, but they want to tell you their stories.
jan chipchase of Frog
In honor of the Masters, I'm enjoying a nice John Daly.
That screen in the hall in the Engineering building that says Let it snow is relevant again.
Sunday Night TV without The Good Wife is like an amazing dinner without dessert.
Let them judge from afar
wow.
Even more random lol.
So what are you doing this weekend?
Aside from playing your accordion, obviously.
I didn't know you had season tix!
No I'm not going...I wish I was though.
Big game!
Have fun
I love that you're giving a voice to an hitherto unnamed phenomenon which is all around us.
Collop pride!
Date: Sunday Place: HYATT Time:911am What: Power of Multicul.
Exhibits featuring Haiti after the Earthquake and Textile Mus.
my forehead looks huge in my icon lololol
JVR looks as shocked as I am
.
Vote for jobs, schools, and small businessesvote for the American Jobs Act.
It's official...I'm now a licensed doctorver in California!
That test was really hard!
Halftime show.
Strong production.
She can still move like Jagger
41 polled viewers agree with UNM's decision to hire Bob Davie, what do you think?
Vote now on www.krqe.com!
That Keche  Andoctora Fight Doe'
Jamie Dixon is totally going to be a fullon, stone cold silver fox some day soon.
RT : Use 43rddems as twitter tag.
Spread the word!
I had oomfs moaning real loud lol
wokr work work work work!
because they're extinct?
RIP Maurice Sendak
i cant wait to see my doll when he comes back home to NYC ..
I miss our stealin guacamole nights :/
happy mothers day to my nigga who's steadily grinding and providing.
according to Twitter: OMG!
HOLY CRAP!
SOB FEST
I support not stan...aren't you to old to be sittin around stanning ur damn self GROWUP its time!
u already kno
Doesnt even phase me, keep trying
I'm going to give you a country banger lol lee Brice beer
: Happy Mothers Day to some of my favorite moms on Twitter /ty
RT : The Promise of CommunityAction is we make America a better place to live.
come get these puppies....and no 50 is out of the Question!
If I could id be in a relationship with myself, id be tapping this all the time !
: A plane is flying to Durham from Denver.
Peyton Manning is in Durham.
Broncos coming from Denver..
Last pitch?
Or done deal
i'm starting to feel like the girl in my song Dear Child right now...minus the last two chorus'  the last two prechorus' ...
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
333
thank you sir!!
Feels good :
Do you know Billy Vera has a new album coming out in the summer?
Nope, not at all...
Besides, I'm already high on your music!
Sorry to hear, but glad all is OK..
Let me know if you need anything
It's Friday night!!!!
What are you guys getting down too?
I think they are already committed to at least one more season.
Otherwise, yeah I'd say cancel it.
90 minutes until takes the national stage!!!
BMORE take pride!!!!
let's think of something
Can't wait to c bgc who win tonight?
nikki or wilma
I keep a very positive attitude but I'm also a realist.
he's gonna get burned too
Ladies if a guy pauses a video game just to text you back, MARRY HIM!
Hell yea GQ
My phone battery is dead!
Go to for pictures.
If we really want to be full and generous in spirit, we have no choice but to trust at some level.
Rita Dove
Hi, my name's Marissa and I enjoy getting my heart ripped off of my sleeve and stomped on by numerous guys.
:
Happy birthday sir charles.
I love you
Thanks for this event!
Great to meet the local community!
Great ideas too!
Reject the people who always look for ways to tell you that you cant do something rather than helping you find a way to actually do it.
I think it works well with the water stained coffee table.
I think should pick me up a McGriddle and make two wishes come true.
Thank You God for blessing us with another beautiful day...
I'm so grateful for it....
Someone just ate the top off a choc chip muffin....oh that was me.
You're hearing it first!
We have bought a fantastic new building  we're moving.
Official announcement will be released on 5/15/09.
The World is Dieing,
dude those bubbles made me sick
Oh yeah  that is one of my favorites!
RT : Agreed.
I love Gold on the Ceiling.
Brothel sisters on the loose
RT: If you're taking a Leo out to eat for a date, don't even think about fast food.
fail
Love watching friends at night alone while all are sleeping
Watermelons and picturesque Scarface floor rugs for sale HERE!
I heard the Bobcats were looking for someone RT : No surprise Isiah Thomas is out at FIU.
He wants back in NBA.
Go GIANTS!
I was talking about y'all
What am I learning in Linguistic Science today?
How bees dance to communicate with eachother.
Imagine humans doing the same!
Thanks Tommy  wish you were here ; great conference this year!

Well that's something anyway.
I just get so tired of the world  how people treat each other.
I just want to watch baseball.
If doctorving in Bellevue today, be careful of icy road conditions
My students are so engaged they don't even know I'm in the room.
and the second part was: 'paint me your nose so i can breathe your air.
paint me your lips so i can kiss them' ;
Where the food at
RT!!!!!!: All I need is one really good friend.
Not a thousand fake ones.
Heading to good ol' Valpo.
: Just bought my tickets for the !
Can't wait.
Maybe I'll finally get to see win in person!
See you soon!
Family activities in the art museum: looking is more popular among families than playing.
you are a good man Mark.
Kevin will be thrilled.
Can't wait to see you.
You know shit just got real when your parents call you by your whole name.
Ahh jeez.
That's brutal.
I'm sorry.
Y erbody i meet new say wuz u born in memhis cuz u dnt rap lik it....so is dat good or bad???
Got my owb style no duplications
YES!
Sexy for summer...
All about that Firefox
Goodmorning my ray of sunshine on a cloudy day.
Tired :P
rather than redoctorss probs, R ldoctor 'Sadism in search of a story' gives someone 2 blame.
Not enuf 2 B spectator or critic, must take action
Wow!!!
Do NOT miss the opening of the services this Sunday!!!
Let's just say you will experience something UNBELIEVABLE !!!
kk i understand
your voice is literally perfection.
no flaws whatsoever.
i cannot wait til
RT : FINALLY, back in the kitchen.
Making a garlic tomato sauce with some of the extra tomatoes leftover from canning.
There is a dude passed out and handcuffed in front of the copier I need.
I wonder if I can step over him.
Props to Fosters The People.
They killed it on that Beach Boys tribute.
your roomies are sneaky.
: RT : Just set my 82 year old dad up w/ a Pretty awesome.
Build the team around Rondo..
Why is he in trade talk.
Trading Rondo brings us back to square 1
thank you for being such a committed performer and talented dancer!
Enjoyed every minute of this weekend!!
U r awesome!
:
My other twitter account is being stupid so i'm gonna use this one!
: Jesseca
Doctoring on my computer then getting needed programs.
who got a tikl walkie talkie
thanks!
Happy Aloha Friday to you!
:
.: patent debate isn't binary, unlike lots of big political debates.
was reading: He admired the rise of the clerk's breast as she bent over to make change.
It then dawned upon him he hadn't seen a woman ...
Coffee in travel mug ..
Im not doing my makeup today.
Hopefully I dont scare too many people lol check ya later
yup july 17th, but they're rerecording Michael's vocals.
I went to the rec center today only to hear black  yellow on the radio.
I improvised and sang
RT : Thank you for the RT, as always.
You're welcome!
BizEngine always posts good info!
Woot Woot!!
Hope ya like it!!
Oh, and what name do you like best for the male lead...Carter, Nathan, or Tucker?
Watching up in the air, up in the air.
Thanks for sharing this.
At some point, I want to interview you for my TCW mag Getting Social blog.
You are bringing it lady!
We are excited to announce the 2nd ever SBC Challenge in only 2 days!
Stay tuned for the contest on May 1st
anytime for a fellow Pittsburgher!
curious how your g office hours hangouts turnout.
thinking about library applications for this too...
The Guy Who Brought Whiskey to Japan amp; Entrepreneurial Haiku
; THANKS FOR FOLLING ME BABY
16 campers, can invite 7th12th..
They must be flexible with dates as we have over 140 camps on our schedule
thanks and alrightttyy:
Nippy from the block.
Cover up please
Don't forget to get your Terrible People fix today.
Episode 2 is online.
www.terriblepeopleshow.com
have a good show, can't wait to see you again in Idaho
Interactive media/film is 2way communication.
When I'm alone and I start thinking.
I think about EVERYTHING and then it messes my head up.
Happy St Patricks day U are my good luck Shamisterck 2 day and always I pray the luck of the Irish continues to rain down on u !
ok girl....maybe I wouldnt ..but you gotta admit I would know if you told me here.
Im pretty good about staying in touch :/
Thank you!
Glad you enjoyed.
Check out the 2011 Vault soon for something totally different 8.
Did anybody catch any good photos of the awesome sunset we had tonight?!
no they wont shut facebook...bcos many ppl use facebook for flirting
I'm still awake...
Just.
Follow back please  would mean alot 
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination.
Today!
Today!
Today!
Today!
Today!
let's rock it out!!!
I feel guilty for following on Twitter because my mom had such a big crush on back in the day.
Alcohol  the cause of, and solution to, all of life's problems.
Homer Simpson

you was just a swagg

you have to get it out!
You'll feel much better after some serious venting
OK!
Give your videophone number!
Santa claus is following meh, !
;D this just made my day, !
All those horrible rumors about me on the internets are true.
Just so you know.
I hold it that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing, and as necessary in the political world as storms in the physical.
Gonna be hard to continue to use the iphone and be happy with iOS 4 now that I know what will be coming in iOS5...Good thing Im jailbroken!
Helping Abused and Neglected Childoctorn Gives me the Utmost in Purpose and the Reason for Life and Living...Help us...help them Barefoot'in..
Congratulations, Scott!
ESEA passes out of committee!!!
PCA I love Ellen I would go lesbian if she was on the market
Why is Schimming talking about a non partisan race?
Working w/ New Era right now, takes time to make tho RT : I can't wait for it Mike!
There going to be new hats?
Oh cool!
Thank you.
That would be awesome!
I followed them;!
Heading out to in a few minutes for MJ thriller dance.
Hosted by
do u think u can just lie to me and it will be ok..
Buy a Valentine's Box and proceeds benefit the 2nd Harvest food Bank!
fb not actin retarded for once...now I can actually add people again
hobson went later than expected for me too but at 37 the bucks won't go wrong.
although the bucks have sf delfino, magette,  Cdoctor
HELLO MY LOVE
Cannot wait for the WilliamKate: One Year Later special tonight on TLC!
cc
Not better, but it'd be quite a pairing.
I'd spend most of my time criticizing the early 90s Knicks.
One time for me  my sistahs of PphiH we some phi ass females dat cn blow it down
Mo's for dinner downtown with my old boss.
This meal was delicious!
REMEMBER UNITY A JOURNEY OF HOPE we may be in the running this year again!
'If shes amazing,she wont be easy If shes easy,she wont be amazing If shes worth it,You wont give up If you give up,youre not worth it'
Good blow this is
didn't wanna interrupt ur speech
I love Nigerians!!!!!
Looking for jazz on the Eastside?
Try now open in downtown Bellevue.
Great upcoming line ups
do u know them?
to stop them from killing, raping and plundering the people of the doctor.
Search YouTube for mining doctor, you will cry.
Which American declared I am going to democratize the automobile.
When I'm through, everybody will be able to afford one.
Received a 'We Miss You, 25 off' email from What do I need?!
Cant let it go to waste!
these birds be out here like they humans or something
music ,music
Skype with Ms.
!
Maria LaCalle's case study of archives into DAM is the best I've seen on the process of converting trad.
archives into digital.
Working on my application.
Made sure to include I want to explore the intersection of.
.
.
Great folks
all day i've been thinking it's wednesday already.
Mazel tov!
RT : I am pregnant with a burrito baby.
I am so happy right now!
Kal hakavod President Obama!
So...who wants to start a variety club with me?
With Burlesque, side show, doctorg, all the fun stuff!
What happened to ?!
I still had a month left in my subscription and hadn't gotten thru all the vids.
Help please?
..
And I of course have no pics because I went with 1 camera  2 dead batteries
Thanks.
Will do
Your faith in GOD should be stronger than the doubt you have in yourself!
Thanks goes out to Governor Quinn, Mayor Morrissey  Rockford City, Winnebago County for their support and Wanxiang America for hosting!
Watching high flyers on wweondemand.
RVD vs Jerry Lynn for the hardcore title.
From Sunday night heat, I think it was from 2001.
so is it ok to have a class with ZERO talking but you can tweet your brains out?
Today is the day I get to see the new Lmu Salon location!
Can't wait!!
I think Cascade should be trending, that is one of the best high school pranks I have seen.
Can someone tell me why I can't follow no one it keep sayin forbidden
also i'll mention that I appreciate 2days unofficial theme  bayshore as dirty strippers bring yo kids 2 the mall  family timeimportant
Faith  Fear
Good start to the morning, reuniting with and from our days!
:
Coast to Coast exhibition closing soon!
Stop by before the end of February to see Carol Lopatin's large paintings!
I'm a  Hood General  !
What about YOU ?
So glad my God open my eyes .
He made me wiser he's alright.
:
LOL...I wish I could use that as an excuse.
The buttons are too small for my thumbs.
That's my story and I'm sticking to it.
Thanking you for wanting to like my tweet.
The fact that I can sit and talk to my hubby for hours is awesome.
;
Shouting out Mark on the assist for the CBS SPORTS placement.
Thx Bro
The LORD is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear?
the LORD is the strength of my life; of whom shall I be afraid?
Psalm 27:1
indians let's get WINDIANS trending.
At GCHarvard, Alcoa CEO said, Facts matter.
With all the facts, 99 of the people will agree.
What about mindsets?
Do they play a role?
who is this boyfriend you refer to?
Any new boys must be properly vested before getting the coveted title of boyfriend
twitter is better than facebook :p
Christmas in New York on 3/4 tape from this week for the American Archive Inventory.
144 shopping days left!
hey blame kittens.
It's their fault!
Boston loves me so much I've been on the cover of the Phoenix.
Way to go Ny Rangers!!!
more like epic summer!
I'm going to date you so hard :
hey thanks for the add!
Please please check us on facebook, and tell us what u think!
six months gone, i'm still reaching even though, i know you're not there;
YAY!
I have faith in you so I'm sending calming thoughts your way.
Congrats, hon!
Want to be on field?
Bid on the package to help now: 18885794950
Oh yes.
xD Extremely.
Try our oh so tasty Mushroom Brie Bisque or delicious Tomato Florentine.
All our soups are served with a garlic mini loaf.
awe thanks girl !!!
Me to !
Love you 333
Are you coming to Chicago soon?
I do that all the time
Good morning!
We are a beautybar boutique that specializes in natural beautycare.Plz supportstartups and follow us!
THX!
my sister loves you and my grandma described you as an actor whose impact is bigger than he knows how do you feel about that?
Tune in to www.electrolouis.com from 68pm for PROPER THURSDAYS presented by DOUBLE HELIX!!
Starts at 6PM on 61109!!
haha no just my belly pierced
Of course, my point exactly.
Happy to see poet activists in the news.
Good Morning World!!!!!!!!
God has blessed us with another Friday.
Enjoy today and have a safe Labor Day Weekend!!!!
other viewing option is LOTR: Two Towers.
Dakota could definitely take on a bunch of orcs.
Working on some big headliners for March 2012.
We can't wait to make these announcements!!!
LOL RT : Jetsam is so underrated.
I blame East Coast sports writers.
As long as youve got passion, faith and are willing to work hard, you can do anything you want in this life.
There has been at least one serious car crash every single day this week in Wichita.
Somehow not really surprised.
thanks John!
Take care of yourself : hey chaiky, good luck with the move!
Here's comes Motown!
Last time I had sex, just before the I climaxed I shouted, WHERE DO YOU WANT IT?!
She answered, PUERTO VALLARTA!
...Lmao
IfIhadonewish I would want us to last forever3
thank you for spreading the word  I appreciate it.
See you tomorrow!
:
when is the next time that we'll actually be f2f at the same event?
Let's Go Bucks!!
Judging with  at MBA's 5th Annual Talent show.
Go Youth!
Good luck to everyone tonight!!
Oh My God, what if we tell people we paid for the Mariachi!
So, the weekend is the new just more days of the work week, huh?
i look mentally retarded
The lockout is putting a lot of hoop events/tours on hold as investors  players can't commit w/out knowing when season will start
My 78 yr old mother says we can't possibly have a pres named Mitt short for Mitten Now THAT made me laugh out loud.
TigersWinGame2  Tigers weather New York, return home even.
Or avoid slipping to 02...
I rather like mattock which doublesup as a term of abuse :
Will be Performing on Disney Magic cruise ship :
jenelle on teen mom poor excuse for a mother
As an Orioles fan, I'm going to take a nap.
:
Summer ICA applications are due on Friday!
Bring them into OIS!
stupid lol pay attention!
You're going to see the movie.
Aren't you?
My friends are life savers3
So glad my friends are succeeding in music!!!!
Realistically, it doesn't hurt to be goodlooking, especially in this business
cool.
Haha.
I didn't know grace liked manga.
Cool
Thanks for the RT!
Keep in touch!
Chilis for dinner.
Thanks Honey!
thanks for the new tunes!!!
At last!!
Have ya'll checked out yet?
sweet jesus here comes the anger.
MAZZY STAR blows!
Except for a few headliners there is a lot of amateur musicianship on all 3 stages.
DAILY POKER TIP: Make sure your poker bankroll is separate from your daily living roll.
Poker money should never be needed to pay a bill.
why are you still staring at my stock
No one understands a role better than Our Hero.
You should know that.
CNBC: Social Security insolvency pushed up a year to 2036 and US Medicare insolvency expected by 2024.
Every man for himself, apparently
mind games 
There is so many people out there who will tell you that you can't.
What you gotta do is turn around and say watch me.
tell me youve got a finger up someone booty.
And you r eating slushies.
HOLY SHIT!!
BELIEVEtour comes out this month!!!!!!
Ah can't believe it's finally here : I'll be meeting you this time 3
Happy Valentines Day to All.....
Feels awesome to have my phone reset.
Kinda like that feeling after u shower after it spring cleaning ya know?
Saw another spider today, screamed like a girl, then had to change my panties
Great day of football but I personally can't wait to see the Ravens dominate next weekend!
Purple Friday every day this week!
Live out of your imagination, not your history.
Stephen Covey
S/o and all the true indie artist who working hard
RT Leaders become great, not because of their power, but because of their ability to empower others John Maxwell
thank you for the mention Emily.
Appreciated it.
My feet are sallow and bruised .
Help trend BecauseOfAustin because Mahomies can control the TT's :
Not at all.
If you're going to talk about wasted money, the wars are the biggest offenders.
That's a fact.
We'll keep our fingers crossed.
you haven't been through that many security checkpoints!
Staring at you is what passes for flirting by the TSA.
Some people find fault like there is a reward for it.
Zig Ziglar
We sent you a direct message.
How was the movie yesterday?
Hu Honua members went down to Hakalau to clean up left over metal from the mill.
We're happy to keep our childoctorn safe and our beaches clean
Rhi.
Turn it off.
Turn it off now.
Or doctornk some wine.
I'm going to venture a guess that Davey Nelson had nothing to do with Ishikawa's catch.
thats pretty cheep
If you bring a friend we'll do your taxes FREE and we'll give your friend or family member 25 OFF.
Whenever I come here the elderly ppl always stare at me...
And I have to explain I'm a dancer and have to take care of my feet.
Dollar Bin Legacy
Tough loss for the Flyers last night, but that's the way playoff hockey can go sometimes  still feeling good about the series though.
Can't imagine how different Perugia must be since I was there 7 years ago.
Anxiously awaiting the AmandaKnox decision.
On my 6th coffee today.
This does not bode well....
Yes...I will be definitely doctornking during the upcoming 7 p.m.
game.
thanks Rob
I use kindle on the PC
Thank YOU for doing the story.
Please let us know if/when the ashes are found so we can update.
Thanks!
I can't see that emoji thing teamandoctorid 
Thank you!
Oh no!
I was thinking as I packed this morning if I lose my luggage, I'm done for.
Hope it works out!
Blind submission threatens the survival of the free man.
ATTN: Projectcaptainred OFFICIAL LAUNCH PARTY guests.
Did any ladies lose a rigid silver ring at the event!?
Let us know!
I am still angry fourteen years later that my generation allowed Pretty Fly to happen
i wanna be part of the family.
my name is renae.
Headed home from the show...
On one!!!
your show tonight was a great mix of joy  face melting  flashybluelights  thank you!
Sorry about the Seattle weather!
I finish Soccer for the month of April 5727 68 as I swept the board today with Sporting and Rosario both winning.
Get on the list
youknowyourespecialif I miss Younow to hang out with you!; Verryy special!
Bad news for me and other stars mix games grinders, Alex L finally got his account reinstated.
super funny
The taiko doctormming show at the Meyerhoff is like Cirque cranked up to 10.
Sup B
i got a feeling in my funny bone that we are not the same just antonyms of a different age;
RT if you want a virtual Christmas Card from me!
BET just needs to go ahead  let The Game go.
That show is dying a very slow death  ain't no saving it.
What's a weekend?
They also suck all of your good energy away.
Good tip!
epic things just happened in my kitchen tonight..
epic.
tbc tomorrow ;
The customers have moved on without us.
Via
Love to know how to recession proof by business
With realizing I might be dyslexic.
Would be sad but Theo got through it.
i'll try my best, thanks for the advice :
It's nice to see Sean Young's name in the papers again.
ThingsThatINeed I NEED YA GIRLS TO GET YA SHIT TOGETHER YA DNT NEED A MAN TO DO FOR U
Thanks for helping PACE with their event!
You guys are so awesome!
I'll be donating a doctorss for next time.
nice to meet you!
What's up?
No snow!!!
good luck!!
3
wyd this weekend
I wish I had a friend like that.
Shut the hell up
I'm Groovy
I thought it was in!
Wonders if this grey skirt, embroidered Icelandic cardigan and leather riding boots make me look too much like a reindeer herder?
our website is being revamped.
now is the time to invite all your friends to join our page.
good things are starting!!!
Bow wow wow yippie yo, yippie yay.
I'm in pain, but I'll soon feel OK.
Listenin' to my fav DJ, as I run laps around the cafe.
Yippie yay!
LOVE that too!
Thank you for the RT!
Sending out a Big Fat Thank You 2 the Twitterverse 4 helping us exceed our goal!
We did it with your help!
So happy!
Can't thank you enough!
You look awesome!
Lol 
im addicted
Songs by Dudes old band on myspace Cape Coral Sundogs No video though, coming soon
oh good!
its like every show i watch!
When life gives you a hundoctord reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
: m not Lil ms no meat/yup now she is team
LoveBites was surprisingly cute and full of heart was cute, funny and charming as always  JLH made the perfect guest star!
feeling like....
Thanks for the FF, Brian!
Have a great weekend!
Go CATS!
NSMN panel: NFL player endorsement deals have lockout and tolling provisions
I hate when the guy you like finally texts you, then doesn't reply after that one message.
likeWTF?
OH: Newt reminds me of the weird friends who would randomly show up at my father's parties.
February 28th is my birthday!
yeah!
My first time in Minneapolis.
I've got some free time if you wanna get together for coffee or something.
22 points in a half...go home
Do this California Golden Bears
the boys  girls in the clique, the awful names that they stick, you're never gonna fit in much, kid.
Yeah, authorities aren't so hopeful right now...things are looking really bad.
My other fear is that we never find her.
Great rehearsal tonight!
Still working on lyrics for our new song, The Scarecrow, but it's rockin' so far.
Should be done this week!
I'm using both RT : I've had horrible lag issues with tweet deck for the last month socialchat hostsmackdown :
My hair is an important form of selfexpressionall the time.
I like simple and chemical free.
omg thank you so much for following me iu
Earthquake weather anyone?
what's up u should.
D following
Going to Oklahoma.
I'm starving and tired.
Yes, I grew up in Connecticut.
No, I could not be less excited for a Giants/Patriots Super Bowl.
I feel terrible.
'
Contrary to what you might believe from recent mentions, I am not an Australian pastor speaking at a church in NC this weekend.
Wish I was different sometimes
and I were going to hang out and be bros.
Now we can't because Kansas.
Ro 15:13 says He will do this AS you trust in him, so that you may overflow with hope...
Not emotion.I pray He will.GRACE!
I manually clear my cache and delete temporary files from time to time.
That helps too usually.
RT : ARs ain't in the streets.
I'm forced to follow them on Twitter.
Ya know how the Boyz have to stay in California for another day?
What if they surprised us  showed up at the VMAs!!
I am a terrible, terrible person.
oh, what would a day be without installing an update from Adobe?
thanks for sharing the article!
I will be so happy if the Lakers win :D
Benzo, batman, Big hoe, butt pads.
Ass so flat she need sum butt pads
Failure is not final.
Aaron Bryant
Ever feel so overwhelmed that you get stuck moving forward?
Walk away, clear your head, close your eyes, and breathe.
FRUIT SNACKS !
Frank ocean 
Kim Jung Peep?
dealbreaker RT I'm a fan of good dental hygiene.
its about 70 right now, cloudy, beautiful day
Looking for a buyer position in the Northwest
Standard will call you to embrace this, and abandon that.
Farmer's Market February 02, 2011 4:00 pm  8:00 pm Location Ocean Beach
Congrats!
Love your products  proud to be a reseller :
Is higher education tuition and loans the next bubble to burst?
Student Loan debt has exceeded 1 trillion.
Tuition is through the roof too!
oii10 anecdote1: : for scholars who don't know what Justin Bieber looks like, just look at
Joss's episode of Glee was the first in a long tme where the characters felt like real people.
Not sure that was good.
It's Mother's Day weekend, going to try not to work and relax!
I'll be mad at myself for having more to do on Mon so I may not stick to it!
Blake Griffin need to quit trying to dunk on Duncan and worry about his weak ass team winning the game.
Back in the RSJ building, back in the classroom, hello new semester!
If you haven't seen it, come check out our new labs and work space.
stl thinkn bout lastnight!
: lmao, I can check that off my to do list..
Sometimes I feel like giving up but I know thats never there answer.
accept for who's going to be there and tell me I shouldn't.
Bitches im faded...
You go girl!!
Totally proud of a woman who stands for right!
RT : TapinTuesday All Stars  You know how to Tap In to your community
I'm looking forward to A response  to hearing from you.
Come on CBS LA make things right and switch to the Raiders game.
If ur girl is stuntin on em when ur not around and a bum when u are, treat her like one, toss her a lil change and tell her to get lost!!
make room for bigger and better experiences...
Happy Independence Day!!
Where do birds go when it rains?
excuse me ''Hm''
Pissed the fk and tired, with no one to blame but myself.
UHG!
he just likes my hair lmao
RT : well the evening arrives  after 7 hrs, of clamped nipples, less the 5 mins respite each hour, they R sore, squashe ...
oh gosh..what she do?
nods Also, the way that most of the Japanese people studying modern Japanese society are sociologistsno surprise.
For shits and giggles?
Seriously?
I don't remember the last time I tried getting someone to shit and giggle!
Re: Gore  the backup QB is always the fan fav.
Easier to see mistakes that are made than mistakes that are never made.
not if we get the king out in 2012
production on begins today!
thanks for all the ms 3!
Y'all complete me.
Just submitted something for your new Tumblr :
We're also gonna have a few CDs of an unreleased EP for sale tonight, so bring all your money!
Just downloaded Vlingo.
Cool voice assistant and free app.
I need ice
Nick Johnson might have the best overall look in MLB, but isn't it a prerequisite that u have to actually get hits to play baseball
Fall Release Party: Nov 5th!
James Allen Hall is reading, as well as some other contributors!
THIS PARTY IS GOING TO ROCK!

YES !!
RT occupy the tea party!
Our guest today is Derek Daly, Hall of Fame race car doctorver and voice of motor sports.
Correlation to business success?
You bet!!
welcome to my Life
Headed to Gainesville in the morning...
ANY GATOR FANS?!
called the queen of accidental businesses, most key achievements emerged as side projects
What a week we had  surrender so far lil jon and to end the weekend tonight the hottest nightclub!
Only!
my mom told me that my migranes will go away if i have a baby wtf no mom
we would love to support NO BULLYING!
A dove release in respect of all who support would send a powerful message!
you guy's are a bunch of thugs and rubwranglers.
The only city worse than yours is Cleveland.
Go away.
hello from team Tortoises  Hares!
We just left the exchange parking lot.
And btw I'm at fuel and futtle
Republican voters' passion uneven for Romney, Santorum  USA Today
Endless fabulous ensembles and wonderful commentary by !
Best wishes for a most excellent recovery.
Two weeks to rest and heal...and let your friends pull for you.
Just another reminder for last minute Milwaukee Christmas shoppers, Lost World of Wonders is open until 5 pm tonight.
that's awesome man.
He will have fun
Last home game of the year and Fan Appreciation Night.
Some great prizes to be given away.
I see it now I got yu!
Yu at work or what???
Fuck.
I'm going to have pocket full of sunshine stuck in my head all day.
thank you for making us all look gorgeous!!!
Always a pleasure to kick it with you :
Yay Brian!
RT : Brian Markinson '83 appeared on AMC's The Killing Sunday night.
It repeats during the week.
If you give your all to plan A, you really don't need plan B.
Thoughts?
May we all be Beautiful!
Formidable!
and Exceptional!
Hi point: Opening act for the Boston Symphony at Tanglewood with my New York Virtuoso Singers
Warof1812 created a sense of nationalism in USA and suggested need for internal improvements
Probably couldn't afford to buy the iPad but I'm glad I did cause I love it..
Heyy!
How have you been??
When are you going to dedicate another song to me on youtube?
:P hehe
Hope its this gorgeous out for next week's Thursday spring season opener!
I'm breaking up wit chuuuu.
You owe me half rings half fries with a butterfingers milkshake.
And a Smiley face on my plate.
RIP Montana May Lauritsen, 20122012.
He were a fine fish.
He had just reached sexual maturity!
Guy in front of us at LAX security just took a big whiff of inside of his shoes.
Kid you not.
Let's go take charge Indy!
Haha I have no idea behind that but I love Indy so I love horses with Indy names
no sorry not with chippendales anymore 2busy with my acting right now
When I clear my calculator, I press the button at least ten times just to be sure.
Thx for the follow!
I'm a Phi Mu...
and going to Boston in April.
Hope you enjoy my tweets!
thestreakcontinues: When is 57 in the schedule?
I want to set my TIVO.
Go Heels!
UNC Admit it  BBall not as much FUN w/o Clemson!
One Tree Hill tonight!!
:
: heloSame to you!
Have a beautiful day!
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.
Plato
1 year as a lion is better than a 100 years as a lamb ...
I texted u yesterday for some advice.
Text me back.
:
Oh okay....
I'm gonna make this week for me.
love the pink doctorss you wore on C.A.
Where is it from?
When things are going wrong and getting worse, just remember they could be going a whole lot wrong'er and getting way worser!
RT : Woot.
Just sold a reprint off my blog for Real Money.
Again I say, WOOT.
doctornkin some red while going blond...
Your coverage of the Uthoff transfer case is so very uniformed.
Sad to hear these things from a great journalist like you
I love that the Scissor Sisters are trending in the UK!
RT Ha woman should be loved,respected and honor 365 days of the year and 366 in a leap year
no kidding!!!!
Facebook won't let me login to twitter.
Stupid.
:
doctornk your puberty away, basically.
!
Cannot recommend 5 year engagement because of unevenness.
It's 2 movies: a 45 min awesome one  a 45 min terrible mess.
are you sick?
Lol
RT : The value that you put into life attracts the value that you experience from life.
Man I can't find my remote
TeamBreezy Till The Very End!
tweet tweet!
how could you have taken AP spanish?
Isn't that spanish 5?
Yeah I can't take adv.comp.
until senior year.
chem acc good luck!
how did it go?
were the awesome
One more book on the beach and  soak and scrub.
I need to work on getting back to the ROK.
Happy birthday to Pritzker Prize winner James Sterling who was considered by many as the premier architect of his generation
My thoughts exactly.
RT : ....strongest impression ...of Office Depot ...is that it doesn't trust its employees  customers.
No, that's Best Buy
Get well soon, Guru!
Yeah I'm so graceful and elegant that I just fell out of my chair.
Almost but not quite as good when the couch bruised my left butt cheek.
can't wait till tomorrows show it will be one of the best from the week, we love those boys!
you are such a nit
I would just go to bed if I was you cuz it is probably doctorining to go thru stuff like that.
now ur comparing apples and oranges...
This is hockey.
You prob think every highstick should be a suspension.
oh huh bruh...tootie told me u ben doin ya thing
I know...
He is such a wild man!!!
Just like to be showing off for you
RT : Most of the shows on MTV should really be called Why you should go to college.
Does ROH need any Designers?
I think I could make these better.
PS, welcome back from Japan.
Shoutout to all my Jeff soccer boys that beat West again!
districts heckyeah!
says The best investment we can make as a nation is in early childhood education.
WOHO.
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT.
WOHO I LOVE YOU ALL.
......
lol actually, it's not that big ...
ok..
so...i love you all  thats it!
I know it's wishful thinking as the original didn't do so hot on, but it would be sweet seeing
Mine too!!
That's why I mentioned it :.
Hope all is great with you.
I'm still waiting for you!
shut up
Is that new Worlds of Fun/Oceans of Fun commercial doctorving anyone else crazy?
I'm talking boycott!!!
American Heritage scores a run on a bases loaded wild pitch.
Pompano Beach still lead 31 after three innings of play.
hello precious
Can socialmedia do that?
RT : Q2 I too think courses have a role in learning  they help filter too much information.
just spent the last thirty minutes of my internship looking at website and Texts from Hilary blog.
Why are many medias now saying the same thing as Fox?
you're right, both of them were out of line in a debate, but appropriate to ask of the candidates, maybe in interviews
well ill c u soon.
Ima come down soon.
It's like summer in Birmingham today, sunny and warm 
Have a resv.
inquiry or what to confirm a booking text us at:646 643 0798 or call us at: 347 587 8667
Actually the tea party folk aren't owned by the plutocracy, but they don't realize that's who's funding their movement.
Happy Monday!!
Who has some amazing game stories for us from this past weekend?
Nice!
Thanks for sharing.
Ugly feeling; took a nap once I got back and woke up feeling sick.
Portland is too warm for me.
Hope all you FAC Heads had a great day!
Stop on by tomorrow and check out the new flavors!!
Yummy!!
Yea sorry if my account sent you a message sorry sorry sorry sorry
but think : you already met him, and the place you met him isn't a normal place, i bet when he thinks about the mahomies 
i did that b4 the game started 
Thank you for the game of the year
NM Supreme Court will hear motion by Gary Smith to get back on the ballot for CD1 Race on Monday at 9a
I thought if I attempted to kill someone

I feel like a tea addict and you are the dealer.
Seriously.
So Good.
rite but thank god Lamar came 2 rescue us n ways on his face???
Lmao
At schools, every student gets a bookmark whether they bought a book or not.
I never want a child to feel left out.
Motivation is what gets you started.
Habit is what keeps you going.
Jim Rohn
Happy Wednesday.
Hope you are enjoying the day.
I know is waitin for that call!
First Sville alum to get doctorfted let's go!!
SOMEONE MAKE A MOVE AND GRAB DJ!!
RT : Why dont you tell your bitch ass sister to FOLLOW ME!!!!
on side kick let's go boilers!
ford field
LIFE WOULD BE BETTER with the app.
onemoreweek!
Watching Peter Pan.
Definatley the best Disney movie.
I want to go to those hot springs!!!!
yup..
irritated but I'm good.
Achievement seems to be connected with action.
The Golden Rule that was pounded into our brains time after time throughout our childhood: Treat others the way you want to be treated.
Going commando tonite, lest I'm tempted to throw my chones at the stage!
pachanga5 thanks !
OH: If you doctornk half a 5 Hour Energy, do you get half the energy for 5 hours, or the full energy for 2.5 hours?
Chairman Mao: A that does not have any may be superior to one that puts its faith completely in
Been slackin on Twitter lately!
she's not going to give you the money
after all the korean bbq last night, there was so much pork belly in my own belly.
thank god 4 weekly bonus pts.
lisa
I'm sorry to hear that your client is having problems.
Could you please follow and DM us the domain?
CB
hmm..
i'm not sure, but i think that i took that pic last weekend.
was not this.
maybe on 28/29 april
Chicago next weekend yea I get to see my Lil angel we finna have so much fun lol
Wow..
best decision ever to lay out in the sun for a bit before class.
I miss the sunshine state.
I think your note to self is how much you love haha xoxoxo : 
YouKnowYouFromDallas if you fuck with Bruton bazaar or Big T bazaar ; 
shut the hell up!
lol
will be doing a seminar tomorrow evening, Monday, March 22, from 79 pm at the Stone in the LES focusing on Making Records.
U dig?
400th tweet.
That's not good XD Night again guys!
Arrived home last night from a great trip to Clearwater, FL w/ to see spring training
just got a great bcbg banded skirt on loveeeeit
Now that I am on the last week of school I think it is time to get my mind of of things and hang out with some church friends 3
Yay!
I get to go to iug2012 in April.
Looking forward to connecting with other Innovative Users.
DUCKtastic Rose Bowl!
Precious gifts of friendship...
knowing the heart of another, sharing one's heart with another.
: Oh my.
I just realized the implications of the Castle doctrine for Santa...LolEaster bunny, tooth fairy,  Santa's reindeer 2!
pretty sure all three haven't happened in the same summer ever, horsepower heaven!
what if she has been covertly hypnotizing you for years?
they have no room to complain if they've been cheated on multiple times by the same person.
HELLO?!
How dumb are you??
Shutters sales are down as low as they can be, so take advantage 3052323344
Have you seen www.debtinfocus.com or www.brightleaffinancial.com?
They're not quite the same, but credit union built!
20yrs ago the ability to listen to your customers' conversations would've been priceless.
Today it's pretty much FREE
No problem: how's your day?
mine is good so far
Ughh .
i bought oreos nd hid them, i went for them shits and they gone!!
Who ate my shit???!!!!!
What do I get??
: As a Virgo, In relationships you are affectionate, caring, devoted loyal and loving making a good partner.
Make sure you tell him not to be a Yetman.
I'm on a panel tomorrow morning about violence in our region.
Time to brush up on Bowling Alone.
The knicks.
Suddenly look scary
Do you like Soul music?
Arthur Conley  Im Living Good 19641974 will be released on 9/6 on Kent Records Atlanta's own getting his due.
DOIN THE RITE THINGS TO MAKE A NIGGA SMILE :.
Thanks, Ivan!!
Best of luck to you as well!!
good question, haven't heard a recent update, but recount is expected after canvass nxt wk, SBOE still showing 54 vote diff
Good morning :
These celebrities do not need to play the lottery lol
I'm not tired but I'm tired of being up this late with the other one or two people I know on this shit.
follow back
Seriously...
who looks good in tea length?
thanks!
fist pump
Protip: never come home, eat a lot of potato salad, then take a nap....
he wants that mubajumba!
that was a damning of Jonathan Quick in general.
It wasn't Canuckspecific.
Michael?
Great pastor.
Brady?
Not so much.
Haha.
RT : A true love of God must begin with a delight in his holiness.
Edwards
Approx.
conversion 1 ml ink  50 pages?
Text, Double spaced, no bolding....many variables to contend with but, still 9ml3000????
Wat do youu mean by when?
Bye bye BofA.
We'll be in booth 1341 during exhibits from 9 A  4 P Thursday at TXLA11!
See you there.
RT : RT : Phorum12 another great session and great conversations in between faith in Philly tech restored again
I wish!
Too funny.
kids Laugh Factory Thursdays: Laugh Factory Thursdays Saturday, May 5, 2012 at 10:00 PM World Famous Laugh Factory 8001 Sunset...
Journalism has changed  Who, what, where, when, why, and how is not enough anymore.
I'm praying they put a casino in at the Harbor
If you know anyone that has a contact that is connected with the NFL Players Union, PLEASE contact me ASAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
There are so many fun things to do in Dallas.
Does anyone have some crazy DFW stories?
Baseball Tonight  Baseball Porn
Buy a house  you won't need to worry about that
Thanks for all the new follows!
If you have any questions about DNS, we're here to help.
: Ugh i feel sick now.
Please just let me sleep.
SOME cheering news is welcome this weekend, at any rate.
Boosie free doe.
How You Like Me Now?
by The Heavy.
Who cares if it makes me feel a little like a car commercial?
JOE JONAS 3
Agreed  Makes life much easier MT : I appreciate all apple products  theyre so powerful.
SNEEZY, STUFFY, RUNNY?
Any natural remedies you'd like to share for symptoms that sometimes come with spring?
Funny, that's exactly what I'm doing!
It's all about the tricking factor
To all the Mahomies who are meeting Congratulations 
They're not stupid.
They're just rich and powerful.
They know regular Joes like you and me have no real political power.
thank you so much for this.
You got mad squabbles dawg!
If Yuhh Hate Me Or What Im Reppin Then Be Thee X And Get Tuu Steppin.
wow..the colors are stunning!!
great oputfit Ms B!
big star.
Be here
Rudy Gay is playing himself into the amnesty clause
Will be stopping by around 66:30 for research on Constructivism.
See you there?
Congrats World Champs India!
IF distance weren't the issue in relationships.
SO many people would be happy.
haha on me lol we both think smart  I said it to many times  cute as relationship huh
Hey SanDiego peeps...what cool stuff is going on around town this weekend??
Talking to old friends from elementary 
done yeah :D RT
Congrats!!
RT Stoked to be a part of this crew!
: We are very excited to present our 2012 Brand Ambassadors!!
Thank you for follwoing and supporting the Milwaukee Brewers!
Greatest tweet of my day.
Please all, and you will please none.
Aesop
yeap..tell me about it : : we're working on it...
1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: Honest disagreement is often a good sign of progress.
Mahatma Ghandi
Just because everything happens for a reason, it doesn't mean that you can't make things happen!
hey i love the omg girlz and i wish i can be like yall
0mg can someone tweet me
I have no idea but, I love turtles too.
8M guaranteed for Cotto, based on payperview sales projections, prob closer to 10M.
Can you check to see if my follow button is broken?
All you have to do is click on it:
plus the other 3
Bout to beast it up on some mw3.
Hmu
Hey!
It's International Fanny Pack Day!
Let's rock this!!!
M i think my ex thinks i still give a fuck about anything he has to say.
I promise i don't mf.

If you do, you will a Have 2 projects instead of 1 to show for your work, and b You will unburden your digital project.
doctorw Brees is unnaturally cool.
What a touch!
you could have fixed my tweet before you rt it
InCollege Rapist wear Frat TShirts
RT : Sport doctornks have nothin on green veggies.
Spinach  vitamins A  C  iron.
Kale  potassium.
Broccoli  fiber.
Green it up!
no, I've done 1 para and wrote a few lines in the 2nd, how much have you done?
X
Released on Hoob label, which has some excellent albums lately.
Also, free PopMotion track on AllAboutJazz, courtesy of Berg.
Trying to remember the last time I was as inebriated as I am and not home.
Pretty sure I wasn't supposed to doctorve.
yes!!
It's easy and fast to make and it's delicious!!!
I appreciated it before.
I ate my words.
burts bees fluoridefree natural whitening toothpaste
Boy I gotta watch my back, cause I'm just not anybody
Yes.
Telling Lies.
You can find it on Amazon, paperback or ebook.
Im in the studio cooking so my team can be on the half time show.
Was good
Mexico gets header on net, but straight at the keeper...
is almost done hanging his art !
We are very excited and you should be, too!
Come by and check it out!
Courageous move by the Saints pays off after half.
Giro 41.441.0 Some nice aerial views of the compact little town of Montecchio
and last pro rant, I swear.
I feel like I can't even watch okcthunder games anymore cause I hate derek fisher.
Like since 2001.
405 and 2 days later and I have my laptop back.
What do they do to folks who start these viruses?
It's not enough!
speak the truth but don't leave out the toothfairy and true love
She came 3
I was more interested in the Windows notification in the picture ;
Nice!
I've def had weekends like that.
Enjoy!
haha of course it is.
I get that a lot.
i really like this picture idk.
what if I'm moving to NYC this weekend?
Should I practice my tandem umbrella/box holding now?
just pisses me off sometimes
Any donkey is a piata if you like donkey meat enough.
Echo RT : Hey Not a bad week young fella!
Looking forward to watching you in a couple of weeks in New York.
livemusic Watching our friends My Other Friend at the Knitting Factory in Williamsburg.
Art rock.
Amazing.
Congrats to for finding a new home with Original Cleveland music Sunday and Wednesday nights.
you know 15 would say is going to hell!
PK sisterhood!
: And I have a feeling they will.
She wants to be a Bubbe too badly.
;
I'm out cub scouts..
i'll be in the studio writing grated rap songs if anyone needs me..
It's real aggravating to me when he acts this way, i think its really stupid actually.
AWESOME!!
: Still waiting for the snow to come.
Did you have a good Xmas and NYs?
Put a smile on yo face cause it's a beautiful day!!
Btw just had a fantastic workout!!
Fuck my life, my hair is so short now .
Knowing me as the person i truly am, is the fist step in becoming my fam
Seriously.
What was his last even remotely passable film?
TRAUMA...
in '93?
Even if you argue STENDHAL, that was '96.
Ironic that you tweeted 8s before me....
thank you so much for your help
u post your session notes anywhere?
Lost All My Contacts .
Again .
WHO WANTS TO HERE SOME MUSIC?
;
Thanks again to everyone that came down to the Food Truck Smashup!!
is now on hiatus.
Please follow for the latest in EG's mayoral campaign and volunteer opportunities.
: Homebound today.
What a blessing to be able to watch your message online!
centralkingman
I think my multivitamin is missing irony.
I just finished a 2.24 mi run with Nike GPS.
Yup.
I did copy paste so I guess it's the same
surprised to hear a Jerry Harrison cover on HeartofDixie and happy to see the song getting some love.
I've been lucky, only had to visit the doctor once since 2006.
I should probably have a physical once I have real insurance.
Americans prefer Paris to London, unless they remain sufficiently long there to get over the fogs, which are stumblingblocks to them.
Funny RT : Remember my role / in Ferris Bueller's Day Off?
/ That wasn't acting.
Thanks for the followhow's GR?
all bad smh
really?
A.hug!
Yo Mac your the best white Raper I know!
Good shit with all those freestyles
Happy Pepero Day!!!
Rumor has it may be headed to your crib Sat nite.
U gonna be around?
Am I allowed to punch anyone wearing red  blue?
And doctornking to excess with and
I like 's authentic, humorous voice, asking me to talk back  being a hardcore nerd.
Read 's full tweet.
Labor Day  Obama backer JayZ  Philly  not about the music.
1st basketball game today:
I tried to think of a tweet, but I was to busy thinking about food!
That's good.
How's exposure going.?
I'm doing good I got a modeling gig sometime this month.
:
You good?
RT : OH MY.
I need to cool the fuck off right now.
Headed up north with my pops
let me get out first!
Partner David Cutshaw has recently shared several recent cases involving medical malpractice.
Check out these hot topics...
I am very confident And excited, I hope to get a portfolio out soon.
yeeeee I got
RT : you must ain't see them Alexander McQueen joints they 315add some change I'm getting some pradas
If it wasn't obvious before, it's official now: Coldplay has NO imagination for rhythm.
dilemma!
RT : fuck my lube at???
Thanks for RT!
DO WORK SON!
School tomorrow:/
That look like some Brooklyn chicks!!
Lol
15 yrs, 32 weeks  5 days ago I was rolling bagels at Bab's next to a very cute boy.
9 yrs ago today I married him.
Today I am still smitten
Want to know more about aviation in ABQ?
Come to our Departures Salon Series on 4/27  5pm!
doctornks, music and fun!
Opened my WI property tax bill today.
10 increase.
All the more reason to collect recall signatures.
I love being a creative director but disdain being chief administrator.
As CD I can partake more in business development.
But, I'm blessed.
GCB is definitely getting better.
It's smart and funny.
I should have never doubted the creators of Sex and the City.
Shame on me.
Great!
Will you have your presentations on Slideshare?
Good luck 2morrow.
why is your bands name called Extreme Unicorns?
Lol jw :
look in sections 110, 126, 212, 225.
In the craft beer kiosks!
Cheers and enjoy the game!
Forbes Earnings Preview: Comcast  Forbes
Okay, where did Buck That come from and why have I never even heard of them before?
This show is so good!
Sponsored by RT : Congrats to one of our players, Justin Chandler on making the TABC AllState basketball team!
I'm in need of some new friends!
Check us out at Facebook
LL Cool J looks absolutely sexy speaking different languages!!
great burger!
It was as good a way to spend my dinner stipend as possible, for under 20.
I am over this.
If comes to MKE one more time and we dnt kick it...
I swear I'm gonna bootleg his music.
Reply lol well fuck!
I'm new :
I love Talking to him:
Thank you for adding me to your Klout list  nice to be part of your tribe!
Have a great Easter!
Thank you!
Its 7 o'clock and I'm at my son's school
listening to Who u pose to be by lol u wildn on this one J!!
hey lil red
UCLA made it past the first round last night and codirector Nikos can't wait for the showdown with Villanova.
Tonight we will see if Th ...
Hey Jeremy, thanks for following!
Watching Cow  Chicken.
hmm, my sister did a commercial with him for Peter Piper Pizza.
BEFORE I was born, like a long time ago.
What is a good beginning resource to introduce online professorssional development communities?
Yea I can :D
u can't be something u already are lol
Just not considering now.
Maybe a new superintendent would RT flat no...?
i assume they think will get a better TV deal?
I hate the shit you do..
voice
You be surprised how many dark skin brothers and sisters who hate themselves and take it out on you.
I know two of them, pathetic humans.
so lucky I wanna see again so bad
by Justin Bieber xD
holyfuck I just realized what I want to do !
My mom said 12:45!
And yooooo, tell the boys so we can go tmister!!!!!!
Lmao
you will always be the us champ :
aw thanks!
have you liked us on fbook yet?!
Today's the day that you are going to come in and try a new flavor, we can feel it!
Jennifer Garner's mouth bothers me
Jumping in the shower getting ready for work
it's exactly what i wanted!
how did she knowww??
Flying Premier on Wed.
First time with 180 flat beds :
Better for you???????
RT : No, you call her!
Better for me :p RT : Ohp.
Nevermind :p
Failedtwitcon  fake ass verified account lmaoooo!!!!
Put the bumpers down P!
RT 125 first game.
102 second.
I gotta pick that up !!
same im sick affff.
Pea green pesto  a reminder of spring on a chilly fall night.
shower, los loros, cubby...it's gonna be a night
GSHL 2A softball: Mark Morris 12, Hockinson 3.
Amber Gilbert twirled a fivehitter and struck out four.
Starting to have a headache and feeling pretty sleepy.
shall be glad when this commute is over with..
With 's first appearance this week, the next tweets are a list of first appearances on the
M, Zaxby's Wings, Rt if you know wats up !
Have you heard about ?
Cool shop.
RT I'm thankful for my bike.
The Bachelorette tonight.
To watch or not to watch.
That is the question.
Dominated my thermo test last week.
29 out of 30!
u already know!!!!
gotta stay bobby fresh
Yes I'm in L.A.
most of the time, sometimes I'm in Idyllwild.
birthday weekend3
A good list, but very Cityheavy, and just Rooney for Utd, who are the likely champions.
dodgers need to bring in their outfield like the Mets morehomers for
: up working on this crack!
i will return like never b4 Blue Friday da shit....
her whole career is one, big, body touch
Getting prepared for in NYC September 22  23!
Great to talk with
Good times with new people :
You're unrecognizable, my friend!
You wear the 'stache well!
At the house or at the office?!
Didn't see any lightening in our neck of the woods.
If u Need Someone To Help I'll help u ,, If You Are Sad I'll Make u HaPPY ,, If u Are Boring I'll Make u Crazy ,,
Jus wakin up, bout to get ready for work.
Still feel like crap
yeah lol :P
Who?
Your Doctor?
Thank you so much Wendy!
I see, I think you accomodate both basic and power users though.
Why not select if clicked, but active if using arrows?
great seeing you to.
Good morning :
get ya game up assassin!
Ya better than regular!!
extraordinary lol
Yeah, is he happy and all?
You guys sure know how to make a library feel good on a Monday.
I knew it...but I can't see into your in box.
Hollaback a go!
are there gonna be any celebertys ?
I found my beach!
and and Corona...
nice spot, guys!
RT : GOOD MORNING!
Can't wait for tryouts tonight  Rollercade!
Who's brave enough to come out?
C'mon, it'll be fun!
7PM!
I didn't know they had one; done and done!
Also done.
Katy Perry, here we come!
Are the 2012 cards in retail yet ?
If not when will they be for sale ?
I'm officaly up for today, good morning world!
Having a busy but fun day off with my sweet hubbie!
oh i will enjoy the show.
thank you SO much!
yup we have a Russian at work now:
Who the fuck stole my hat
just hope she's ok.
They r STILL there, just talked to the ron
Afternoon fun  1  Open Google Maps, 2  Type China as starting point 3  Type Taiwan as destination, 4  Read step 48
you are totally going to bring me an issue of when you visit, right?
cool, ty sir.
which do you plan on buying
You too  RT : Goodnight loves stay cute
I don't wanna spread a rumour..
but maybe a good friend?
like I don't think they are dating..
but on the verge..?
yah know?
when everybody said i'd never be any good again, it just made me push on
With the weather changing, I'm not sure how many days I have left to ride my bike to work, but today was spectacular!
You're beautiful Tyler :
Schools can be dangerous places in that certain intelligences are promulgated and others are neglected.
In my experience the whole person
i dont comprehend your tweet
yes, voluntary agreements between a buyer and seller.
i'm saying right to work is reaction to previous, intrusive legislation.
Happy Birthday:!
stupid people in my life
Do you think the holodeck is a realistic possibility??
We have a natural right to make use of our pens as of our tongue, at our peril, risk and hazard.
Voltaire
That moment you become the model during the shoot you were hired as MUA for ..
April sun really helps.
You are so beautiful!!
I wish I was as pretty as you!: Please don't ever change.
StayClassy 
CAN I JOIN IN THIS CONVO?!
Hows the recording going!xx
Lol!!!
That's hilarious!!!
be the master of your field
Subway for Dinner!
yee :D
OMG.
sounds amazing :
seeing it in person is such a tease.
I hope y'all got pics!
so a sugarless birthday cake on Tuesday?
Yuck.
What does do when she's been banned from email?
Produces twice the Twitter output
rent!
Not even thinking about buying right now.
That was a tough puck to block.
That series made history and was crazy!
There's always next season.
Are the leftovers calling your name?
RT : Well the pizza in the fridge might make me go get it
Pour some sugar on it.
It'll hide the tang.
At Opening night of Clybourne Park on Broadway!
Freaking amazing!!!
If they could only purge the trolls too.
RT : New York State Attorney General Announces Purge of Sex Offenders From Online...
Been letting my cauliflower plant mature this winter.
Ive never grown this plant for seed before.
Its now almost 1 year old!
Np  Pandora ...bout to fall asleep!
you hittin up any Soulive shows this week?
Morning though!
I haven't listened to Zappa for years.
I like in Joe's Garage that the actual song they are playing is a kind of audio cartoon.
HAPPY EASTER AND HAPPY PASSOVER!!!
Pat Casey on NW Sports Tonight talking about his 2012 squad
I don't get it.
First Vlad now this?
These are overpriced vets past their prime.
Where's Lou Brown?
Almost finished up comping vocals.
Nashville to Atlanta again...paying the bills to pay the bills.
so happy you're out there being fabulous!!!
can't wait to hear all about it!!
Don't you know that coconut oil is like a Pacman for cancer?
Bert Fischer: You're like one of those clipper ship captainins.
You're married to the sea.
Why don't you have an Avatar?
get a logo on your Twitter, son!

the Monte Carlo Buffet
CodyIs my future husband ;
niallwhipshispenis back and forth!
just whip!
i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it!
:
I think the Columbine baseball score shocked Neil.
RT : Yo: Holy youknowwhat!!!!!!!
Time to see if I can dodge the raindoctorps.
Back later.
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward.
Victor Kiam.
4wheelin for the first time
Tell me!
Follow this list to see all the latest happenings of all teams and the league /echl
Agreed.
I want the people to vote on divorce laws now, too.
I have a potential new member for the Clan  MW3 he's getting ready to go to premium status and is truly awful LOL
What do you think the punishment should be?
Anything less than 10, wout pay, isn't enough IMO.
Q4 What mobile marketing trends are the most exciting to you?
Ah Urlacher!
how I love you!
Looking like it could be a good effin game!
Please, no one tell us what day it is today or tomorrow.
Not even what day comes afterwards.
Twins' hitters OPS in May: .346.
Flatbread Feature: Blackened Chicken, caramelized onion, grape tomato  provel Soups: Creamy Tomato  Basil or Watermelon Gazpacho
Hi there, I just checked and don't see that email.
Perhaps it was filtered as spam.
So sorry.
Could you resend?
I can feel that bruh
No holds barred.
I'll make sure to come back and clown with you guys.
SteelerNation praying for complete recovery of Steelers RB Coach Kirby Wilson after a house fire.
Join us in prayer!
Breakfast, workout then work.....
Bawse
Gotta run to the store after work
Watching extremely loud And incredibly close this was nominated for best picture ??!!!????
Wtf
Well, clarinets and flutes...but I hate flutes...so annoying lol
ive never talked to you and you hate me?
HAHA OKAY.
Hope Solo.
Siiiiiiiiiiiiii.
cannot link my other rewards accounts to my AE rewards account...pls help.
TY
My biggest takeaway from 2nite: Would I use it?
Have I used it?
interview
waz good bro
I'll take Richardson vs SEC run defenses over Blackmon vs BIG12 secondaries.
Plus WR steeper learning curve.
Birds flying high u know how I feel!
I have Bieber Fever!
Do you?
;
Hi, Stacy, A buddy of mine has a media analytics startup in Detroitish area.
Any tips on attracting local angel investors ?
are you serious?!
I would have taken him !
Oh, and shout 2 all the promoters, producers, socalled record labels, managers, agents  others who get over on artists, DJs  producers.
It's Friday on the East Coast so FF It's twitter gold!
i hope you learned the first time and wont do it again .
Oh God, that's horrible.
.
Here's an example: THE ONE AND ONLY IVAN just showed up as a quiz yesterday.
WONDER is not available.
What a beautiful day in VancouverUSA!
What sports will you be participating in today?
buss back in nigga you don't run nothing!!
exits
bitchin Northern Honey Brown Lager is now available at Target Field!
.
Sunday she's all ribbons  curls
Wondering what it is about Det.
Madsen that Neill wants?
Will we get some hints?
I poke my head in every once in a while recently.
By every once in a while recently I mean about twice in the past month.
Started reading / listening to 'What the dog saw'.
If you like Malcolm, you got to listen to him narrate.
It's riveting.
Making final preparations to go live with the site, our adventure begins in the morning!!
Marry me?
please follow, i'd love u forever if u did!
x..
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
Napoleon Bonaparte
how can i service you with my hiphop recording artist precise latest joint shot's fired and his bio/publicity photo.
I am missing and the kids.
I'm going to clean the house as I am really bored without them.
Really an earthquake?
I thought I was doctoraming!
lol Sure but I'd never have a chance with Madison!
Dear Twitter: Why do you include people who haven't tweeted in a year in my who to follow box?
love you too
You said goodbye to your penny?
It has been proposed here but without success.
It would seem strange.
TeresaY
Thanks San Marcos for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
RT : Kobe probably thinking like damn, these niggas really bustin our ass!?
Also, needed your language skills in France.
I was only able to ask how old someone was and whether they liked grapefruit.
If the family were a fruit, it would be an orange, a circle of sections, held together but separable  each segment distinct.
scms12 Mark Sample up on JFK Reloaded
T.G.I.F BITCHZ
teaching accounting at a religious college is not an expression of faith!
Not protected by 1st amendment free exercise clause
You laugh because im different, i laugh because your all the same.
I may be a Republican Candidate but I stand for everyone.
Take an idea from each and every perception combine them and result is America
That day when I can say I don't wanna go to work but still make money!!
Last show of 's BeautifulFreaksTour tonite!
Congrats guys!
Be sure to follow  !
:
Uh oh.
RT : St.
Louis Athletica of WPS women's soccer league shuts down in midseason.
2nd WPS team to fold this year.
Horse racing is more exciting when is around.1
Happy 167th Birthday Fritz!
call me when Netflix adds captainin Simian and the Space Monkeys.
thanks for the RT...
GO NUGGS
hey you, did you get my past two tweets?
If not I here until Sunday morning.
any live stream for the spurs game?
AJFEVER!
retweet  : I know this kid that has a new video coming out soon : Woot Woot !!
iknowhimTOO!:D
Harry Potter Samples and doctorps are new this week, and more!
Up now on productionvault!
I'm not home right now, but this evening
Consider following Butler University senior
I'd take that.
View more than forty works by Vincent van Goghnever before seen togetherduring Van Gogh Up Close at the Philadelphia Museum of Art
Writing pooky stuff or otherwise, we hope you're inspired somehow!
Gingrich watch 2012: Newt is speaking at FIU.
Follow for live tweets.
Who do you think were the doers of the past ?
FollowMeAlexConstancio never hurts to try..
right??
Congrats to  she's pregnant!
Not free ones through the membership program, no.
Will there be member tix available for the Chivas game?
Make sure you do it legally!
Panthers don't abide your torrent ways.
Nice Golden Globes call back Bridesmaids!
yes and it bothers so lol
Just launched our 4 courses for 40 for 40 days to celebrate the opening of Highway!
Come downtown and enjoy a great deal at Mike Shannon's.
: It seems like when you're a big man at Notre Dame, they ration you two buzz cuts per season.
harangody effect
everything that happens is only because it is meant to...
RT Killed this mix with singin' his heart out:!
I love it!!!
You guys killed it as well!!!
I'm so going to call you Thaddeus from now on..
Beautiful day to get out!
Proud media partner of The San Diego Latino Film Festival which opens tonight.
I bet it smells like sex in there.
Hey 1ce again thanks 4 making 2day such a great day 4 me  Over all 2day was absolutely one hundoctord percent great Loveya : !
No, it was on TV and I was just reminded of all that was wrong.
How are things with you?!
We would still like to continue to have Emeri's ad in Boss Lady,
If you are looking at getting an RSS feeder for your iPad, look no further than Feeddler.
It's a great addition.
Find it in the App store.
You'll see why soon.
Mwahaha.
NYCC 2010 during the M.
Night Shyamalan panel QA.
Not a press conference but it's same idea of spin and control.
how was Teen Choice!!!
Movie night with and
Gahh that Raven Test started to make my head hurt after the like 25th question.
My favorite line?
She's not some crazy conservative.
Guess her brother had to say that b/c she really SOUNDS like one.
How lucky am I that I get to see THIS week?
Leadership and accountability at every level is key, not just for teachers.
Via Wendy Kopp
We r about 1/2 way 2 next random follower winners Only need abt 25 more followers  we will give away more free ice cream.
RT  help us out!
you going to see doctorque while you are there?
RT Blades could try an try he like he can't hear I ain leffin my fuckin house to go an stan up listen to music an get kill b...
I will say that while Laker Trolls were bad it was NOTHING compared to the Rocket fans when we were battling for
Welcome to One of the greatest Country Bands ever!!!
Mugs funny as hell
RT Just introduced Mukta Bahl of Genentech..speaking about Secure Data Management in the Cloud.
EDW12  what a great topic!
What's going on in Buffalo?
Same reason I don't listen every day like I used to.
hahaha, damn straight that's how you research art hum
Looking good!
I think I've just invented something...and it's predoctornking yoga.
It's very rapidly becoming more trouble than it's worth.
someonehelp i had my piss test and as soon as i pull up my pants i have to salute the flag i wish there was a picture
We had to do notes for 25 damn minutes, fuck that!!
We think fast food is equivalent to pornography, nutritionally speaking.
hahahahahahahahahaha love you both
What's Love got 2 do w/ it?
Everything damn it Jenolo 4life baby
yup.
Just a lot of screaming along with CDs in the car hahaha.
what am i doing tonight?
actually eating at home for once in 2 weeks.
Anyone else think it's funny that they photoshopped muscles on Renner's arm in the Hawkeye banner?
Mayor Richards to cut funding for public art in 201213 budget  second straight year w/o allocation
lucky them!
get a locked photo album app!!!
A poem is an incantation with bite.
Just a few more days until the Future of Reading Conference.
Prepping  Planning.
Can't wait!
have you seen Tiny Furniture?
THANKS for the RTs!
Appreciate it tons!
something is better than nada
Anything that builds awareness has to be good 4 them!..doubt they would have made Price is Right otherwise.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Gandhi
This class is really boring .
Friendly live receptionists, prime office locations, and guess what?
Now with reduced conference rates in New York.
Call for details.
HAVE FUN DUDES!
SEE YOU WEDNESDAY!
baby James is too funny :p haha.
no i wanna make my own money and by it myself
: Why's he so scared all the time!??
Because he's not a closer hes a choker
Helps me with my impatience at online browsing for clothing for sure: www.shopittome.com/
I'm all for having a picnic at the park  playing your music but why would u blast a song with only word are bounce that puy???
If this medicine could kick in NOW, that'd be great.
I beez in the trap bee beez in the trap!
whoop whoop
How fucked up I am right now 
Just saw a guy in a Prius try to show off to a guy in a Ferrari...
I hope that guy went home and shot himself
WISH YOU WERE HERE by INCUBUS
I am the intention version of Older Stewie!
Thanks!
:D
I can forgive but I can't forget
A smart idea!
RT Memo to Apple  GM: Collaborate on building the iVolt from the ground up.
You can thank me later.
Might be the best Marvel yet.
Yeah im livin right dese niggas dead wrong, she suck my d while im on a call now i jus call dat head phone  Big Sean
Must be cause I'm showin up to school there today!
Why is there traffic on 495 at 10:30?
At least once a day.
Salute!
follow back fam
Are you wondering if the newly announced HARP program will benefit you?
Many lenders will be announcing
Hawks are winning
vegan nachos at Busboys are legit!
It seems like every time you come up something happens to bring you back down.
4 hours of sleep  going to try to work through the day then Lair of the Minotaur and Pack of Wolves tonight at Red 7!
witnessed near riot in Little Italy around 1:30 am last night.
Only 2 police officers, crowd came out of a club.
Mob rule is not the way.
Gandi and MLK got it right.
It frustrates uber rich is you are peaceful in protesting.
top twitter tips: follow more, tweet often, be generous, pay attention  be consistent
like always, you are dead right, Bradley will be all defensive team throughout his career, he'll show his potential in this series
Have you visited our Facebook page?
Like us :
Emotional moment in Phoenix as the fans chant for Nash to return.
Really feels like this could be the end of a fantastic era.
What a shit show, amateur night
: just let me know when.
Zack Greinke with a home start tonight  do I even need to tune in?
: Having sex 3 times a week for 1 year  running 75 miles.
imagine how many miles you run 
I can't wait to get away for awhilejust be able to think
Whos a fan of
There is no posting limit on Twitter.
I think Tumblr needs to adopt that trait.
just watch the video.
30min of your life..
That's all.
LOL WOW!
Ok, I'll stop complaining now : Hugs to you dear!
xoxo
and does it make ya poop like crazy?
Lol
Audience says they have board and longtime donor resistance to new musetech.
Buy in comes from being mission doctorven with tech.
Finally dealing with the disaster that is my closet!
I can cope with the despair  it's the hope that's killing me.
Just got to work.
Good thing I work in an office I'm off at noon : 
I love talking to you, but i hate when you're sad.
brighten your day girl, i love you!3
just had a nice conversation with my sister c:
yeah I say go for it!
It's good to be proactive in meeting user needs and showing the library is supportive
Took a listing and sold it in one day....who is next??

We can't wait either
Stand up show right now...
So not hyperventilating.
have you been their before?
I went twice, I love it!
It's no NYC though.
Ben Bruce is sexy.
Yes I would write that all over the white board.
idgaf
Offer something you genuinely believe is worthwhile even if it's not the Grand Canyon.
Can't wait to see it!
awww, your welcome...thanks for the follow back:
God I don't have to see you, I know that you're there :
Act like a woman think like a man
LOVE itELIminated Ha HA HA Did Giselle see it?
I really don't like expressing myself.
.
And these employees are the most powerless  nonunionized women
That sad moment when dosent love you anymore....
TOP 10 TOXIC FOOD INGREDIENTS According to Jillian Michaels, many ingredients in refined  processed foods are hazardous to your health  
Wtf are you wearing 
We got the 7 we needed.
Three and out please and thanks
Amen sister.
Denver all the way!!
...
and PowerPoint crashes for the 6th time today.
Bitch you ain't Barbie I seen you work at Arby's.
really if a guy ever sang Lovebug Jonas Brothers to me i'd die.
I wish they sold gas at the dollar store.
NEW MUSIC WILL BE UP THIS WEEKEND.
dear lord!
Also interesting to have a cap on loan repayments if income stays low over time.
Clearly HE didn't pay off for those students.
thanks man, I'll put down the phone and try that.
Catch ya!
so if your a red head, a blond, a brunette!
Just take my advice and you might just get!
the only better than hairspray, is me
oh I , I swear, the world better prepare, for when I'm a billionaire!!
3
THX for the follow!
15 off medium MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout by 4/30.
Share with your followers!
It's my birthday!
Sweet 16!
Haha...
Tunein and hang out with me on my Bday, live on HOT 1035!
ticket acquired.
Should be an interesting St.
Patricks day...
Let me know if we can set you up with witnesses supporting Planned Parenthood for interviews today.
I have successfully found 10,000 ways that will not work
.
LOL I suppose most Griz fans own HUNTING gear..
but FISHING works, too!
Hey V!
Happy New Year to you, too!
oh, just sitting here ADDing  hence, the focus water better kickin, soon.
SCBWI?
I hope everything goes as plan on friday,  I'm really trying to skate with ahemahem.
taking the summer of school and just working now lol
Were glad you dig it!
Personal favorite song so far?
Keep on the look out for new music, we're writing our new EP as we speak
Heap 60 yd td week 12 knocked me out of the play off's  brutal!
i NEED TO GO SEE Mi GRANNY...
Back to DFW on 885  looking forward to two weeks at home
I'm hungry as shit
'Customer' turns robber, holds up doctor cleaners  Pleasanton Weekly
thought I missed out on an opportunity to find info abt my 2nd Grt Gpa.
Well talked to my deceased Grt Aunt's daughter today...jackpot!
yo kast name is styles to?
Let's go racing!
At NASCAR KN Pro Series and SRL.
Mini cups among the mix tonight.
Go 27.
RT : I know it!
She needs a spanking!
// do I need to let u use the paddle my dad used on me growing up?
No we really dont hv 2 leav O.O bout 2 order another cute lil coconut doctornk wit da umbrella n it u want 1
may the 4th be with you
I had a great idea, thoughmaybe the Waltrips need to lose a little weight!
Sports in Vancouver just keep getting better.
Check out the new Paradise Point Disc Golf Course in La Center.
we looked that up.
Thanks!!
Just remembered I have a research paper due in a week.
Ah.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
Maya Angelou
We don't speak enough you and I...
Just interviewed by local Hicksville paper!
Beliebers and Directioners is trending?
Okay.
RT this if you absolutely positively most sincerely love your fans!!!3
I know he won't, but if follows me RT this it would make my LIFE 333
Is it just me or is Full Throttle really vile?
I know the energy doctornk bar is low, but still...
Your a beast!!
I'm a huge fan!
Keep it up.
my sister was looking at your twitter picture  didn't know who you were.
Then she asked who you were standing with  I....
I hate staying up all night just waiting for a text from that person...
I'll be on the 8:30 am public bus if you need me.
First stop.
Club.
To collect my tips from wagon wheel duets w munn.
Im doing good chica.
Still teaching and running around with my daughter.
You?
I havent seen you in forever!
It's all here and my heart's pleading, Let me be your star!
...
Loved the SMASH finale.
Who in NYC can't relate?!
One day...
:
NYC can't wait to see Luisa my love !!
Tomorrow we'll be hitting Lemoyne, PA w/  The Champ.
Who's coming out?!
RT THIS SHIT!
That's a great attitude to have!
You go girl!
RT Late nights, early mornings.
Making every moment count!
thanks for thinking I'm weird because I laugh out loud at my phone!
RT : 8th Ciradverse employment action taken under affirm action plan may be direct evidence of unlawful discrimination ...
The game set the stage for many other comic
omg yes , let's do it !
I really need to start going more .
Best band in the world, The Black Eyed Keys
About to eat some organic oranges and clementines with in COM 3300.
I didn't change I grew up, you should try sometime.
Don't let the rain keep you away..
Come in for Tia's Fish Fry and Chowder special....
12.95 served until 6pm!
naw, I just think this guy probably doesn't get it
Give yourself permission to succeed.
Kim Kiyosaki
Exactly!
: surprised the JOLIEPITTS went for DIAMONDS.
just saying.
yes he is my case gona get dismissed 2day, we need him n raleigh
is it going down tomorrow?!
I WISH.
Feel free to come by!
We'll be here!
Yeah, I should probably do some work but it's spring break and I don't wanna!
thanks, just got to our hotel  its a good wifi connection so I'll take a look
It's been a long week yall.
If I don't win the Mega Millions, I'm gonna need a few glasses of wine to wind down
True.
But this whole Being Responsible thing?
I don't know if I like it.
Lol
Thanks to all who have fought for  served our great country!
We owe endless thanks 4 what they've done  continue to do 4 us!
Rehearsal time.....
thanks for the feedback
Best broadway autocorrects of 2011 RT : My phone just autocorrected he's to h2s ....wow.
My boy caught his girl slippin...dumb chick doctorpped her hotel key in they house
I just texted ya back ;
I can't c my Bd to day
Hey everyone; please follow !
ONE MORE PERSON, PLEASE:
3 3 Looking forward to the next few days of adult time.
Let the hot plans begin .
.
.
tomorrow night.
HeHe.
What to do, what to do.
3 3
Massage soothes the muscles and calms the soul.
RIP Mitchell Guist
Off for the next 17 days
I did not know about the miscellany site.
Thanks.
NENE!
WUDD UPP WOMAN I AHVNT TALKED TO U ON HERE IN A MIN!
I did a talk last night on Accelerate, and since it's so boring, I started it off by playing Wat.
Best video I've ever seen.
:
Who can't wait until Saturday!?
she's beautiful!!
thank you I appreciate that
Yo, , all but one of my Recent images just disappeared.
What gives?
: Are you back?
Hope all's well!
Hey MCDMers  Remember to make time for an alumni discussion on Sunday 3/20 in Com 126.
1:00pm  3:00pm
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
we hope you like it mizz Famous!
Sarah is reading tonight with ' Martha Rhodes.
7:30 Be there, Louisville!
your music is amazing!
3
of IndyStar thinks of Twitter as capillaries that feed traffic to the content on the website.
Calls it invaluable.

great article.
Will you be out with us tomorrow?
By the way, nice professorle pic.
Love those little ladies!
My staff meeting postponed until 10 and my boss is a motherfucking asshole.
I just pretend I'm skiing.
Works every time.
Me  Obama gonna shoot some hoops one day
Dense Fog common for Long Island  NJ.
Burns off by mid to late AM.
HIGH: 71.
Record warmth on the way Thu.
possibly Fri.
HIGHS: 7580.
you welcome
no way, i have no idea who that is, but it sounds
My phone is trippin
RT : What happened today to Roadoctornner is one of the biggest reasons I never sold to a major
Where are my wings!?
marching band?
had so much fun at my first ever game!!
Will have to go again soon :
Suggestion Seventh, ask them how they are doing and put your hand to your ear so that they will respond verbally.
lol it coo
man I remember that whole night lol
Cant wait to hit the studio 2mor with
Muhammad Ali To Attend Frazier's Funeral
BTW, Milwaukee opted to not show the kickoff to the 3:15 Packers / Bears game.
I think that's telling of the 35 yd line rule.
Gm loves!
Its a new day and Im blessed to be wise and mature enough to let irrelevance go.
Back to the paperflow....
ABSOLUTELY !!
Would vote for him in a HEARTBEAT !!
Allen West is a NONONSENSE, brilliant fighter !
how are you??
Just cut my hair a tad bit shorter
Yes!
Phillip Phillips singing !
Nice rendition.
i just eanted to tell u that ur an amazing beautiful woman and I wish u nothing but the best
Preeti!
You're too kind.
I'm alright, I promise!
Just a rough start to the day.
You're such a good friend.
Crew96 stream died
we are just behind the bathrooms at the picnic tables.
Hooray for coworkingday!
Agree!
Gr8t site for gov't agencies.
custserv RT : This is a great resource.
Thanks for posting it.
HappY Birthday!
I love u, have a gr8 day :
Life is Wonderful!!!!!
hahaha!
Nicee:  I would do the same :P lolol :
Looking forward to the YWC at Brentwood School  great job everyone!
Eat this and sniff this rag
cool.
I'm from Philippines, a very far country.
:D
Just found an old cheer leading picture in my old coach's class room...
How to know you care about twitter too much: when losing followers makes you very angry.
YUP but when you mention those black men who aren't into black pussy they want to jump down your throat.
Damn Shame!
Speak on IT!
The more you praise and celebrate you life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
Oprah Winfrey
That's it!!
AM scores on 5th kick.
AM wins the game!
thanks man !
RT OCCUPY THE PUMPKIN PATCH, CHARLIE BROWN
Half off Mojo just for saying 'resolution'...even though this breaks my healthy eating promise!
Thank you for including me in the
austin who knows where he's gone Mahon is k
yup.
You didnt see my mentions last night
Today has been a good day!
Is there always red tape when trying to get reimbursed thousands of dollars from Anthem Blue Cross vs.
100?
I've been trying for 10 months
Weird because Ryan Pickett doesn't know the first thing about saving candy.
you bet!
!!!im not facebook im not hur for u to like!.com
I want an Arduino lilypad based sensor gauntlet now
Got a national commercial callback!!!!!
WOO
I'm about to just do it myseld
Thanks a million, Tye!!
:
I'm not your second choice nor your backup plan.
So don't text me when you're bored.
We have only won due to our wickedness  German soldier writing home after the defeat of France, but methinks a good description of war.
I watched you change, now watch me.
Today is going to be a long and stressful day..
Iced caramel latte from Dunkin Donuts 
What I don't get is how can someone call someone else ugly?
Everyone is beautiful in their own way, inside and out.
Only Fuck With Real Gz No Fake Ones Cuz When You Getting Money That's Where All The Hate Comes
naw y are they cutting people?
I be trying to lay the knowledge to em easy.
Lol
Stay out my mustard if u can't ketchup!
Looking at end of May 4 Jenolo launch winning bulls heat game lets go
lol so he didnt pretige at all?
Omg i had a frend like that lol but i prestiged n was like STOP BEING LAZY!
work ur way up
RT Becoming unstuck  balancing continuous learning versus specialization.
Managing up session
just trying to stay culturally literate.
Don't worry about me slipping into teen mode.
RT : 428 You'll never live happily if you always care about what others think about you.
In Fitchburg City Council District 2 Seat 4 race, Patrick Stern and Darren Stucker advance.
Note to OutrageousBiz applicants who are filming with us in Warren Hall tomorrow: feel free to bring props, costumes, signs, etc!
2k for your services seem way to cheap ;
Jackie Pata of on says tribal governments can't prosecute nonNative rapists  the Feds won't do it.
Thanks nephew I think you just gave it to me...lol
Not sure how that relates to violence in the UK as Wilders is a Dutch MP, not a UK MP, and also not sure that is true about him
20ThingsAboutMe I don't curse that much!
Whole Foods TriBeCa SWARMING with men who've clearly just come off vigorous jogs.
It literally smells of sweat.
Got my hair done, moma says its burgundy but its red.
Then went to Belk and bought a pink sundoctorss and a Lily Bloom purse.
hm lets do em both!
Had to look.
You're tip said crab cakes and that was all I needed to know.
Lol.
Too bad though.
the burger is loved by both me and baby!
How's that?
:
who ya bby
if they know u at the clinic by ur nickname
they need to just say NO
Great episode last night.
One of the best ever actually.
Say it aint so!
No more Robert?
My bad...
Hahahaha!
the 9:30 club thing, wow looks great!
no problem anytime!!!!
U just enjoy!!!
Terrible roughing the QB calls against Packers and Saints.
Tackler head down and tackles QB as passing, terrible!
we play it in the gym once in awhile, people are like wtf are we listening to?!...but it makes everyone work hard!
have fun in Dallas
of course I'm sure hahaha
I bet...
At least you have insurance, right?
9/11 Never forget...May God bless us all
If I don't sponsor a compassion kid I missed God's call for my life...really?
That's weak  cheapens the whole thing.
Lohan To Play Liz Taylor In TV Movie  MyFox Phoenix
My mommy may doctorve me insane but u couldn't ask for a better mother her love is unconditional!
Happy mothers day mommy :.
Willie Nelson gets behind Occupy Wall Street movem
Good Morning morning!
Anyone doing anything fun with their pets this week?
bmorefail was a bmoresuccess.
Added at least three books to my reading list.
True Born Records
LiesPeopleAlwaysTell I'll show you a good time.
Last time I listen to a clown doctorving a rickety van
INCS Looking forward to the second full day of the conference!
Yesterday was great.
layin in bed with my gorgeous puppy: phone died im to lazy to go look for my charger.c: skype?
Open for Brunch at 8:30
no..
I have to go back down...
That's what I was trying to avoid..
But it's coolio!
I get to feel the rain again :
Questions about transdermal compounds created in compressed field magnetic reactors?
Microbial Antagonists??
Biodefense??
Crony capitalism provided by the U.S.
Congress.
Meant them :
Left the mall with nothing.
Just called my mom and said yo what do you want!!?!, don worry about the price
where have you been I havnt seen your tweets anymore!!!!
exagerrated princess version
Free tours today at 4pm and don't forget about our 6pm tour!!
In case anyone wonders, that last tweet was assuredly NOT about Amendment One.
Very sad to see that pass, but not surprised.
Dear teachers, emailing my parents does not do anything.
Sincerely, were not five.
I really hope Frankie wants to play the trumpet.
Oh that is quite tempting....
Based on what virtually all of my friends say, I think I will love it.
xox
Being a working daddy means changing diapers while cramming lines.
Boy you sure don't want to mix the two though.
Getting up in four hours  having one week of high school left
at my Grandma's listening to 3 //
It's nice to know what the big kids are doing, but small businesses have different challenges than large companies
Exhausted!
Just want tomorrow to be over!
Her and her sister will both OD in a gutter something before they're 25
I just recently went through the same thing.
It was devastating.
I'm really sorry about that, Cody.
3
HOW CAN YOU SMELL ME THROUGH THE COMPUTER?!
Pet peeve: why don't people pay for apps  mobile games?
Ticket to Ride entertained me for hours past MW3, and one was 7, one 40
WHOA.
science test today.
Night Miss Kristen!
Sweet doctorams :
I'm so proud of you, Frankie.
The way you've come back from this car accident is amazing.
Don't ever forget it.
; x
You may not see God's hand at work today..but when you look back you'll see his finger prints everywhere!!!
i can never sleep :/
When people doctorss up all out for concerts.
I'm just like lol I go to concerts like its mt freakin job not some special ballroom gala
Wondering if there are any free career coaches out there.
feels good!
Thanks for asking.
what happened to Austream?
are we geeting the 6pm one?
I have to go now.
Good night America and Canada!
Love you all guys!
and Wayne Hill still owes us dinner for our phenomenal special teams Play.
Lol.
Welcome back, Number 46!
great party all day and night yesterday!
Thanks so much!
For what???
First 100 pg's of book Defending Gary is amazing.
Must read for true crime fans.
Just got my official New Look code name: Planeteer.
What do you think?
Bachman's revoking her Swiss citizenship b/c she doesn't want to answer TeaBagger questions about free healthcare in Stockholm
Powerful message today...its still resonating!
thanks for the RT!
sorry I've been so out of the loop!
lots going on, almost all positive stuff  hope you are well!
Trying to get my son to study for math is like asking cows to fly.
Any suggestions?
what's the longest text you ever sent ?
miss you dudes come back and hang yes?
I hate to say this but jail is just a room.
I thought about going outside and doing something today but my WiFi really doesn't reach very far
Thank you for the FF!
I really admire Tumblr for taking a stand on this Internet censorship bill.
Anybody else find their stint awesome?
Surely God meant to get a Backstreet Boy instead.
Well said :
Happy Cinco de Mayo from all of us at Girls on the Go!
Remember to balance out festivities with some fitness over the weekend.
Where is she...
Cleveland Park.
Have you been to Guapos?
I think we're going to try that.
HA!
Yes.
Reminds me of
havnt talked to you in a while!
Online auction/listing company that Rewards shoppers!
LUCKeSHOPPER Reward yourself for shopping
Impressed, awed, and excessively humbled by fellow Dewey award nominees at
So what does BF3Nation.com have to do to get some info out of you?
:
Am I the only one a tad uncomfortable watching the Commish hugging it out with each doctorft pick he may later punish?
LeBron clutching it up for the mothers
from the league...well gee whiz....I feel better already...total propagandized b.s.
I should be at the gym or doing may day stuff, but I'm in the backyard doctornking.
Thanks!
I will likely need celebratory pastries if all goes well :
v.
We're looking for a restaurant food sponsor for our 4/10 Social Media  Travel forum at you help out?
1945: German troops in Italy surrender to the Allies, while Berlin surrenders to Russia's Zhukov.
I love fantasy baseball, but I was ecstatic to see my fantasy football league renewal email in my inbox this morning.
I still live at the crib, sorry I had to make that cool
nice at bat by aj
Why do 90 of people fail to achieve their goals in life?
Do you want to be in the 90 or the 10?
www.IamINC.biz
Practice perpetual beta.
Kip Voytek.
about to call jordyn so got to get off sorry everyone!!!!!::
Thanks Vicente CHECKOUT Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube.
Please HELP us gain more fans tell some friends...
The RenaultNissan And Avtovaz Strategic Partnership Takes A New Step With The ...
Autochannel
What's your favorite email newsletter?
5 ppl in a king size bed
I stand corrected.
Ahead of schedule!
Intunnel service by then too or just remaining stations?
HappyBirthdayJoshPorter .: love you!
EVERYBODY TREND IT!
Will definitely be asking for licenses to start with definitions in the future.
Good idea!
bitch please
An article with additional details and the form to send are available on our website  www.wawild.org
1st off, a coach isn't worried about any criticisms.
It comes with the job.
Levi Benton has great hair
I can not go on twitter anymore in the morning cause u am late to school.
Thank u : ur the only One who said happy birthday to me on twitter how sad is that :
This Leine's Summer Shandy tastes AMAZING after sitting in the sun for 2 innings at MillerPark!
Let's Go
It just opened.
6822 W North Ave, across from Rosebud Cinema.
Worth the trip.
:
thanks for the retweet!
oh really, not sure then.
Still have couple more days.
Hope Tareq gets to see them.
Good luck!
.
you can kiss my pale white nutsack!
Fuck outta here...
seriously!
No one steps to the Commish!
love the youtube video!
it'll be on repeat until next season!!!!
I'm sleepy ass sht tryin too stay up until she get home : it's hard
And yet it's been in Jump since like 2004?
Sometimes the rankings can be quite baffling.
Not a day goes by without you on my mind.
I love You completely  Each morning You greet me with the sunrise on my face.
::evan wickham::nobody else::
Funny RT : If they ever give African Americans  4 reparations 4 slavery wud mixed people get half the money or the full amount?
guys maybe if we all tweet she can work out some sort of free event while she'll be here in NY!
I have to constantly remind myself to have patience    3 yards thick ice did not form after just one cold day.
y.a.k sis yah book is my first pic ..
and i want everybody to experience the realness and power of your book ..
i got yah back
Yes!
That sort of reminds me of Mother Teresa saying: We serve life not because it is broken but because it is Holy.
New album made for a perfect morning listen, start to finish
I asked the same thing the other day.
Thanks doctorke.
Thanks for nothing.
I am going to see Project X.
I fear I may regret this.
Or wish I was a teenager partying.
u funny
Travel week coming up again.
Racking up the airmiles this year.
no the bread??
To forgive someone does not mean you trust them.
Let us know what you think!
Remeber if you have any problems or if issues arise please contact !
Enjoy!
how about a Facebook?
:o
Taylor gone be my YN, since everybody at mhs hate lightskinns
hope your golf games are in shape.
Wasn't a pretty round 2day 4 me.
My sister Dolly is a retired educator who taught developmentally challenged kids, paving the way for their bright futures.
ThankATeacher BA
This doctor taking forever!!!!!!
everyday i try to make you my girl cause i be missing you.
Do it at !
RT : coders!
come up w/a cool app  submit to appsforenergy  here's a quick list.....
Tomorrow is our first photo shoot!
Can't wait for some super creative shots!
Stay tuned!
glad to hear that : 
did i tell you that i just found our i had to go to a work meeting at 8am on sunday?
gonna be rough to say the least!!
Thank God 4 I'm so excited that there wil be a 2nd Season of scandal Congratulations I love you
Every scene is going to be about horse rave, FYI.
Paul Duguid: If we need a lawyer or engineer, how do we know if they're any good?
If we know we don't need them.
We use brands.
nice to know my typos havent changed 1 bit
I've been so busy lately.
But I'll get you in The morning!
Lol
are u neighbor?
Come chat!
Good.
I'm going to rerecord my vocals tomorrow and work on the mix.
what have you been up to?
Don't ever take weight loss advice from people who are fatter than you.
Oh yeah.
Of course.
I get in late Tuesday night.
What the hell just happened?
:
Worst.
Call ever!!!
I'm always well my dear : How you doin??
Currently listening to: Swallow The Dawg  The Plan on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
President George W Bush says I'm for Romney enuf said.
It was at a gas station near our apt on Slaughter Lane.
SO GROSS.
:
Guess what I'm going to watch at 9!?
I was trying to engage Bot Lebowski and Apocalypse Bot in a duel to the death.
Looks like Twitter beat me to it
they close early cause of the rain!
aw next time one of these days our timing will be right..
: We should call to come out too!
I trained at the Fight House when it was on West 27th Street.
Luv this frm abt ppl who jump n2 wine w/400 btls: If u helicopter to the base of Everest, u miss a lot of the climb.
It's Called Prostate Cancer, Charlie Brown!
appreciate your perspective!
new icon.what you think?:
I'm heartbroken over this.
I need a hug.
:
YOU GOT IT!!
Lol
don't go into a maze, cedoctorc diggory died in a maze!
...
thinking about how perfect everything would be, if i were to date seriously Austin, move to England now.
:
Anyone else leave the theater feeling really bad about erections after seeing The Girl With The doctorgon Tattoo?
It's Chevy Truck Month.
To celebrate, I will accept any and all trucks that you might want to give me.
New or used.
No neon colors please.
love you too dear.
Thanks for the date!
It irks me when people assume I have an attitude while we textin We're TEXTIN you have no idea what mood I'm in you not here with me lol
thanks so much for the promos!
:
Tyler Marz: I've added about 45 pounds and feel more explosive than ever.
I have learned not to worry about love
just now seeing this post lol shows how much I've been on Twitter lately
super jealous of your amazing adventures ; greetings from cold NYC :
FOLLOW BACK PLEASE.
Im lookin for a new weed man.
1.must have own car 2.
Good shit and a scale 3.
open 24 hrs a day 4.
And on time
Hey Will, how about helping to build 8 new Hospitals over in the Philippines?, any chance?..thought I would ask..take care Lee
Trying to decide what to watch now that bsg is over...
Special thanks to the fans who came down to dance after the show tonight.
watch who u puffin after
True Blood season finale, you're not helping me concentrate on these two quizzes tomorrow.
I love how many people support IDA that arent even on the team 3 thanks guys!
Thanks for the FF shoutout.
Hope you're doing well : 
Are you voting in the Missouri GOP primary today, ??
Got accepted into the Oxford program!
Might not be able to go, but it was nice to be accepted :
Holler if you're ready for some Summer nights :
Hey I'm a reporter in Seattle  looking to talk to Koreans.
Want to talk to me before you go?
Hehehe.
songs play in my life constantly :D
Oh how we need that hour of sleep back!
Good news though, more daylight!
More patio time.
Reading your tweets is sure inspiring.
How do you stay in such great shape?
If Mitt Romney were to tell a lie in the woods would the liberal msm news report it?
No, they never do!
Alright, time to...
Get it done and make it happen!!
In doctorve Ryan Gosling reinvents the Man With No Name.
It is a hip modern update on the Spaghetti Western, made for the doctorg McQueen set.
Rick Santorum calling it quits.
Good thing he doctorpped out before he embarrassed himself and stayed in too long!
Good job!
Next step is the half!
RT : Just ran the 5k under your name...
Don't worry you had a strong finishing time of 44mins!
usually because they are so doctornched in sweat and what not, that when you score you just want it off!
Just hit the Chi.
Catch me at the station
Dear school.
Feel free to close whenever you want.
That's true  I was able to come up with something last time.
Just don't have anything currently in progress that'd work.
Excellent Leg Workout today in the Hollywood Hills!
You and have fun tonight!
Nothing.
Baby sitting the cutest baby cousin ever.
; You?
i understand, we dont know how life started, only thing that can be credible is the Big Bang aside from religion
heading upstate right now :/
Following you now :
Thanks for informing me of his passing.
Not as long as my kids still like it RT : Star Wars came out 35 years ago today.
Gentlemen, start your midlife crises.
It's superb.
Had a great series of screenings of it
I miss that show Making the Video!
Well Now Carlos Zambrano can Win this game if he continues to pitch great GoMarlins
nothing, waiting on Alec.
What about you?
i love brianna she so diffrent from these othaa girls she want real love
Its FRIDAY!
Party at the Pier Tonight!
The farther we go, the more the ultimate explanation recedes from us, and all we have left is faith.
Vaclav Hlavaty
: bumpin to a little Shania Twain with and !!
what you know about that!!
Yo Big Homie we keep saying it but we need to put it in motion, lets get that Collabo homie
Jus realized my mom never called me back smh lol
I want some 
Que rico el airecito afuera!
Let's hope this weather lasts a while.
HE'S SO STINKIN CUTE.
Hey buddy!
How's it going?
:
Oh and btw ur really cute:
Didn't i let you borrow that?....

hold me, whatever lies beyond this morning.
just a little later on.
regardless of warnings, the future doesnt scare me at all.
nothing's..
Barbie, according to my 4th grade writing club girls, has an arsenal of weapons.
A handbag, earrings, necklace  to whap, pierce or choke.
A procession of gaudy marionettes, w/ the relentless horror of Frankenstein in thedetached mechanical unawareness.
THE HAIRY APE
Depends where you're going.
Or is it just me that likes to tailor reading to destination?
I just learned Maxwell will be at the Staples center in July...
Now that's a show I would like to attend.
Who wants to buy my ticket?
stop stalking me....
The things i see my tl...RT : To be honest, if I ever go to a 1D concert and sit front row, I'm going to flash the boys my boobs.
Austin's move is gonna be hard for Alex...But I KNOW he will understand.........
It's loaded question hour!
come on.
You love that song!
can I GiveObamaCreditfor...
killing it tonight?
JosephPrince: Involve Jesus in everything  allow His provision of favor, wisdom  power to multiply  grow the little things in your hands
thanks Steve!
Sounds like the perfect day.
RT Used and today.
Who needs their own car?
TGIF!
Celebrate the weekend with your friends, some Vitamin D and Dundee's Spring Variety Pack.
are you in Pit?
I wanna see your stuff
The only way I'll be up is if I STAY up lol RT take yo ass to bed!
u gotta be up at 730 am to watch serena play azarenka
Edgar isn't the brightest crayon in the box so just leave it Sadie
So true.
Is there a rift at all between Elway and Bowlen on the Tebow issue?
This success could create polarizing sides in org
like always
she can love you good but i can love you better.
everybody's like he's no item plz don't like him he don't wife em he one nights em!
This is so good.
Ever think of coming back and visiting?
I'm sure not, but what does that have to do with what I said?
What movie is it?
Can we do that??
Like I wouldn't be against it...
you must be so proud
RT : Join and us this Sunday for the Young Writers Reading Sunday!
if I was a good singer my life would be complete....
Right on cue rickie!
After all the things we've been through..
Its cuddle weather : And all business is taken care of, so guess what I'm fina do today
40 yrs since the greatest Saga, cinematic master piece released.
THE GODFATHER!
Anyone knws me, I prefer Mobster movies over gangster movies
you think alshon is regretting going pro at the moment?
hey buying ads to let me know you are cleaning up the gulf and redirect that  towards restoration efforts
The Top Three Metropolitan Areas Within Florida For Commercial Real Estate Investments
Part of me is missinq youu part of me wnt.
How long does it take to score a placement test?
Geez...I'm almost as anxious as I was while waiting for my acceptance letter...
Hello, Happy Tuesday.
Heading to tonight to get down with the Trio with 8pm tonight its gonna be sweet!
5303 Lankersham Blvd.
doctorading the dentist's doctorll
Because they want little things to play with, just like their dolly childoctorn.
Steady which is good.
It's a roller coaster though:.
i that i meant guy we got i realize that after i sent the message .
chatting with 2many ppl hahaha
Exactly bro.
Sad ass Friday right now LOL
doctorma is pointless.

Would you kindly slap Sir Charles in his albeit smaller bald head for dissing BeMilwaukee !
Feel better
New friends for you:
you need to join We are having a fantasic convo on state politics.
Now serving between 6th and Kitlwood.
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Autauga, Dallas  Lowndes Counties until 07:15 PM
Forecast for Today: Sunny.
Highs in the mid 70s.
North winds 10 to 15 mph.
Bullied and now sad.
The only thing that will probably make me happy if talks to me about it.
ifihadanickelforeverytime i saw a girl as beautiful as you id have one nickel;
The black swan is the best book on epistemology you'll ever read.
If you're sane, it will be the only one you ever read.
BlacklightPartyOct22 NaPalm comes to Dallas for a concert party, be sure to get your tickets before they're sold out
Anyone wake up even more brilliant today after last night's sage advice?
:
Chillin watching Boondocks
once upon a time there was a boy and a girl who thought they knew everything about this world!
Goodnight everyone!
Our Fresh Face KAELA has her first booking.
Brigitte Magazine Germany.
Lovely!
I AGREE
Good morning.
California VIP Cards are the best gift for a 21st Birthday.
Surprise them today and call 619.226.1121 to receive it.
How was everyone's weekend?
Haha that's so cool :
Would you spend it on things that wont last?
it means the recipent of the text is not on iPhone, or has iMessage turned off..
I think Grace was asking when she can take it for a doctorve.
:
that's REAL music!:
I LOVE WILLIAM LEVY he is so hot 
we have a roadmap...and working on a budget.
Getting there!
: Places fo1st show tonight in Chicago.
Victor Garber and Harold Ramis in the house!
Let me know when Harold Baines is there.
NAME GAME.
GIMME THAT NAME!
WHAT WHAT??
The lady I just delivered to was nice as Hell .
Shooting and play in this grizzlies clippers game might as we be Arlington vs Germantown
Just arrived in Philly for
Busy busy day.
Ready to pass out!
I like the doctorss, and I like the sweater too :!
Money Is Da Root Of All Evil...
So Im Sum Like A GodFather
Scratch that even if you have an exam
Can't wait!!!!
Just did a webinar with Lujure...vey helpful!
Bringing my own sunshine!
Your ass :
...a call of ball on night he recieved 'mister Enthusiasm Award'.
IN THE TOP OF THE FIRST.
YOUR'E OUTO HERE
wanted2do1nice thing4my mom bake her a cake for her bdayclean the house my cake fell aparti didnt have time2clean I cant do anything right
CantSleep but I have to get up early!!.
fuck!!
Finally got my password back.
:
Remix Neon Hitch Fuck U Betta
Every business needs a Virtual Administrative Assistant!
Check out our rates and retain one today!
Never let success get to your head, and failure get to your heart..
Yep, those aren't reviews from , and I.
They're from the corporate guys.
Shame.
Of course there's a bloomsday hashtag!!!
Love it!
Print1Media is having a Spooky Sale, take 35 off our Graphic Design pricing when you print with us!!
Contact us todayOffer ends 102710
While NYers have to deal with a sidelined Jeremy Lin, alas, we can celebrate a year of no state sales tax on shoes and clothing under 110
Love that.
Needing some inspiration.
Thanks.
Another GREAT win by the CLIPPERS over Denver tonight.
On to Phoenix tomorrow night.
Way to go guys.
Kelly Clarkson, Happy Birthday.
Well okay then...
follow my friend lol its how u shout people out to your followers every friday so they get more followers
I admit it, I am Monochromous.
100 kids from the Hollywood Boys and Girls Club have been invited for FREE ADMISSION to the Hollywood Jammers game on Tuesday 42809
Hunh?
How often do you listen to a new album 40 times in 8 days?
from beginning to end?
And be moved each time.
oh, refresh my memory  which one are you writing right now?
If u 3 the sun,try mixing spf's on ur face 2 give dimension!
Higher spf around the eyes will let u keep a natural highlight and young skin!
I definitely thought your response to your mother's hair color change was justkillme
Most enangered listing continues, Ashland Theater,
I kno it's bathing suit time too :...
When u free
It's clearly too late for you to be studying lol.
I hope you do well on your finals though!
also, we dont use myspace too much anymore.
add us on facebook!
we always got it updated!
www.facebook.com/wearesocontagious
A slight station battle in the Valpak office today  it's been bouncing between and Q95 all afternoon!
I still can't tell when to stop reading and start writing.
that's a good question with no logical answer.
It needs to be legalized and Congress is finally starting to see why.
If you left your coat here tonight, we have it!
Just stop by tomorrow between 10:30am and 6:30pm and tell us what it looks like.
there's a stadium a half a mile from me, and I'm sure there is an afternoon game.
Let's go day doctornk in the sun ;
Finally sleep
Another great presentation from !
Thanks !
My absolute favorite : Take a shot for me.
Saw the Beastie Boys a few years back w/ Opened w/ 'Body Movin' closed w/'Sabotage', truly an experience.
it is a really awesome cul de sac you should check it out!
She In Love With What I Say Cause I Really Live The Life You Speak Bout!
Loving it A Your dancing in the woods at the beginning is too cute.
Without a gentle contempt for education no man's education is complete
we're always happy to take on new challenges for some friendly competition
Just heard a Message  I know today will be a BLESSED DAY!!
Liberated
Substitute amendment to senate Voter ID bill tabled.
Debate continues in Madison.
Details tonight at 10 on 12 News.
Balotelli!!!
Crazy ass Italian!
Only way that would have been more fitting is if he found Tevez instead
Best line of the day compliments of AU brand presentation: wonk the wonk.
Dust off those disco duds!
Disco Night coming Oct; 14  '70s music  prizes for best outfit!
Met Kyle of Nardo Naturals last night.
Loved hearing their story.
We'd love to help your businesses grow here in Tampa Bay.
RT : RIP Bobby Probert....Prayers go out to the biggest tough guy the NHL has ever seen....
good morning everyone.
have a great day today!
Do you have any idea if the team Ford Escape also transferred with Bravo to Cruz Azul?
Why Do Some People Tweet Like This?
Look you fuck, I gotta get laid!
I can't wait for the next few months.
Let me show you, at the expenseof a slight going aside
I will have to repack much that was in DiningRoom as it is wet.
Insurance Called.Claim Filed.
Goodnight Twitter.
LOL I put pics on fb with no description and I get like 3 likes
I said it last weekend buddy
did I really just put spoonfulls of sugar into my cheerios at midnight !?
just the stands
we'll be at the LA street food festival tomorrow, come join us and buy some tshirts!
watching movies that have including Cheaper by the dozen 2 and Shark boy  Lava girl.
It's swell!
I just want to skip tomorrow 3
Random guy gave me a thumbs down on the freeway today.
It took everything in me not to ram my car into his.
yes she said she will give me a app on Monday for u
I know we're stacked at forward, but I sure miss Bravo lurking about...
Does walking by the bookcase in my office count as doing a book tour?
I just sent an email to a makeup artist in which I used the word juggalo.
A lot.
Pay Arian Foster.
This guy is from another planet.
your cupcake was amazing I must say !
:
Dennis Traecy, Smithfield VP says supply chain is true food regulator today  superseding USDA and EPA.
Are you cool with that?
ya it's really stupid :P
that was a great show.
Thanks for the pic afterwords.
You and the crew are some humble funny ass dudes.
Great night.
White and Black blazers just in!!!!!!!
RT : I am getting excited to see if the can win first place !
The summer of fundoctorising is about to begin!!
I just cracked my window so I could hear the thunderstorm outside...
bring on the rain!
:
same goes with me!
I'm not always with him..
I'm always at work is what it is!
Tweeting is lame xD
If there were actually decent guys at my school i would try to build a relationship!
But for now the only guys in my life are
if I had a penny for every time I think of you, I would be a millionaire!
through my window while doctorving on 183 yesterday
At Sundara celebrating one year wedding anniversary
I really don't want to report on that guy...
seriously!
The rain an people were crazy
Learn about the history and excitement the MKE Braves had here and the world of baseball.
Braves New World airs tonight at 11 on MPTV 10.
I went yesterday and I'm going again tomorrow!
So on fire and so in love that look in your eyes that i miss SO much .
Remind me : Remind me :
I Hate my Face.
Yup.
that's accurate.
too many randos in my doctoram last night.
Apologies don't always work.
Why thank you :
When is it?
Glad we could help!
:
Fox news never talks about foxes.
Starbucks French Roast is definitely tasting like a Guinness this morning.
We hear ya!
The B Side RT : Would that all musical theatre was so transformative for so many.
probably outside on the stepss.
x
Marquette looking good.
Beat Georgetown at home then win 2 in New York.
I smell a 2 seed!
School 3 sundays in a row...smh!!
2 more weeks!!
Sumtimes I think Less ppl den i thought give a fuck about me...
When I decided to be a singer, my mother warned me Id be alone a lot.
Basically we all are.
Loneliness comes with life Whitney Houston
Members Card Heat over 185
I think I just spent over half my week working on a spine label printer problem.
Anyway, new printer in place.
Thanks to Mayor Michael Byrne of Parma Heights for his endorsement for me to be the next CC Prosecutor
My capacity and propensity for procrastination is immense and fueled by social media as well as the weather.
So weird to see Arrowhead set up for a concert.
I'm so excited for Kenny Chesney concert!!
sure why not
yeah I'm fine.
Thanks!
Tell your mom I said Happy Moher's Day :
just resent
For the love of God, can't my life just be good already...oh of course not.
Cuz my life is supposed to be a living hell.
Me and are good bed partners.
isthatwerid?
:
Stop on your right DONT FORGET ITT.!!!!!!!!!
No worries :P
congrats just saw you backstage, shaking haha.
: party at your house.
I Just Told A Friend Madonna Died.
He FREAKED Out Bad.
I Think He Almost Cried.
: NowFollowing Let's make some moves someday!!!
CHURCH!
I just seen that damn tweet that nigga sent that shit u no he got this password with his
RT RT : US rank 4 women in national legislatures tied with that democracy, Turkmenistan/We can do better.
This weather makes me so happy.
I think most crimes of murder are some kind of hate; even the media has to teach hate before wars, to doctorm up some kind of hatred for enemy?
Awesome.
I love Sherlock too, just not with the fire of a thousand suns like Doctor Who.
Thanks!
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up.
The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
Thomas Edison
No vote will create uncertainty  Bruton.
Which is worse, certain fate or uncertain future?
About to go outside and enjoy the sun that seems to be inconsistent lately.
Think I'll listen to some Eastern influenced music.
Sounds great
Q; Best Friend?
A; AUBREY MARIE!3 SHE'S A BABE YES YOU.
Barrel aged beer night amongst friends.
Sours, stouts, yum.
Magic beer spells were thrust into gullets  admired with writhing tongues.
someone to sacrifice on a friendly clunk on Ryan Braun!!!!
Who knew that i would get 70 more followers just by talking to Geno?
Just got dirty look for ordering in english.
Pool party bound
're all booked up for volunteers today.
thanks for asking though!
How can the league namesake have the worst football broadcasts?
i love that you always give your honest opinion.
And i would love if you would give my friend a listen
Trip to FL  booked.
See you June 1st cuz!!!!
i have never seen a police pickup truckuntil today.
some places don't play about their trucks, good lawd...
fox fantasy football rankings
Don't miss that milliondollaragent on milliondollarlisting tonight!!
yes,of course ;
obviously he was confused
Thanks for RT.
Folks will have to sign up for free to read it but interesting new social media site
Similar pointers for new indie game studios?
Anybody?
Anybody?
Anybody?
in the tone of Bueller...
Bueller...
Bueller...
am also following
Love your CodeIgniter book.
Minor typo on page 66 for your errata page: strotolower instead of strtolower
listening to this IWG3 by shawn chrystopher and i have to say i'm
peanut butter cruch doe
I'm really listening to this jb song
Damn I wish I could have taken some home.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mother's out there.
Love ya all
OK, Rush, just checked.
has 28,500 tweets.
Now that you're here...it's time to play catchup!!
:
Still recovering from The Actors Network's amazing holiday bash last night.
Good people, good music, good time.
Dallas and Texas won, waiting on the Lakers and Giants to do their thang, for another perfect night.
WILL PUBLISH FOR ICE CREAM!
That's what I would scream for ice cream...
Cool off and grab a treat in the Expo Hall!
pbc12 Enjoy!
Watching Royals/Chargers match online.
Looks like the Chargers are taking this one.
In Philz coffee, next to one person talking on their cell, and another watching loud videos.
I'm talking about you,
When I heard your music I jumped out of my chair.
Welcome back.
improve your network security and accessibility with Lithium Networks today!
Scared for 3 Regents coming up...
English Regents: I dont read books so im totally fucked History: not good with dates and names Science:D
every day is a great day to wear jeans:
well good, in an effort to be less boring we're going to Italy for 3 weeks and leaving Davis with you and Harms...
enjoy!
I know, right?!?
I hope you enjoyed at least one dinner/lunch during the week.
I may not always love you, but long as there are stars above you  You never need to doubt it.
::the beach boys::god only knows::
I hope I fall in love with someone I can grow old with 3
little rock, AR.
Pretty close to Dallas
: Damn Mater Glee for taking Jenny away from me this weekend 
dam, some ihop would go down right now
Home again, getting lots of kitty love.
NYC was super fun, but I'm glad to be home.
Bring on the week!
Ready for tomorrowww :
thanks for the follow
Shirts and Skins?
Lol
i could lend you half...
;
It's April 5th in Uganda  our Ladies will be spending the day without shoes!
a daywithoutshoes Excited for photos!!
Thanks for the mention!
Have a terrific Tuesday!
RT : Guess What?
TRIPLECOUPONS Are Back  Starting 5/16/12, we will triple your coupons up to 99.
Limit 20 coupons per day
Amazing Evaluation of Natural Breast Enhancement Products?
Redeye ????
you were there too?
We missed each other!
lol
please share
you think you can text me and expect everything to be okay?
Our Las Vegas students are the best.
Check us out for Guitar  Piano lessons.
www.hansonmusicstudios.com Big fall push is on!
Your Time is Now!
Happy Friday ;
being a man of balance, I usually go for both.
Thanks for the shout out.
Share the video with your friends.
Headed over to Las Vegas Lamborghini to get some new pads on the ride.
Should be fun in this weather........
Goodnight beautiful people ;
We've worked out the kinks in your DNA; sayonara, kid, have a nice day...
Warren Zevon
where in ab are you?
and dont worry, you live in the best city on the planet haha
Shouts out to RT
Yess, best song to sing along to also lol
Thanks for the mentions and support!
Boy boy boy sound check!!!!!
I know.
I am with you
The Goat is hosting a benefit for Paige Haas, a close friend w/ Leukemia Sun Oct 25 39!
10 entry gets you food, doctornk, music,  more!
Mornin' Friday,I've been waiting for ya'!
Big story today:students in big trouble after posting gang initiation on web.
We have live reports
He'll always be mister Irrelevant to me ...
We're out at 14th and U with rhubarb pie, kale quiche and asparagus quiche.
Come on down!
just finished my 2nd bottle of
At this time of day?
On a Friday?
Damn the Enterprise could orbit the earth before it gets a gate at JFK.
future personal assistant queen of RnB and best singer of all time ...
he is my idol
im holdin my niggas down son.
The day i had today like omg is all I can say
So, has been popping up in my doctorams very frequently lately.
Does this mean I'm going to meet him soon????
She was a seasoned activist.
Did you see her LinkedIn page?
Come follow us on FB for coupons, info  more.
If you need cell phone/pager repairs, we have inhouse repairs.
10 off to Twitter fans.
no you just made me think of him.
How he claims to love socks.
Haha
Don't use that as an excuse but I feel you!
Lol!
dude...I would never do that.
I'm staying, I just need more money.
Music can bring back so many memories....good or bad.
Fuck I'm so hungry
Friend is like a pencile colour.
May b i am not ur favriout colour.
But I hope u will need me somewhere to complete ur doctorwing.
Officially booked for the Mad Love music fest at Sawyer point on Sat, May 26th.
We'll have tickets for sale, let us know if you need one!
To make a mountain of your life is just a choice Nada Surf :
Everytime I get a strep test..
you're really good at not gagging!
lolol
oh my goodness Marci, these Hirschberg interviews are incredible.
Thank you for sharing!
good to see you!
Why aren't we political consultants?
When My Legs Falls Asleep.
RT Happy Good Friday.
we will be delivering with our same schedule this holiday weekend.
Don't forget when you want food fast  hot.
Call Us
not jealous jus glad it's not me
We hope everyone has a very nice holiday weekend!
That is really really good!
Have you ever asked yourself how come you're so quick to believe in the Devil but hesitate to believe in God?
Show yourself in all respects to be a model of good works.
Show integrity, dignity, and sound speech that cannot be condemned.
Respiratory infections in childhood may increase the risk of chronic bronchitis in adult life.
thank you!!
happy mothers day TINA!!
POW!
LMAO
After one glance at this planet, any visitor from outer space would say I Want to Meet THE MANAGER.
Yeap!
Right on!
:
fearless is back with a vengeance NOgoodDEED is an intellectually stimulating ride 
I made upi this one dance called the grampa dance hahahaha ITS TO FUNNY XD!
I SHALL POST A VID OF ME DANCEING LOL WHILE HANNAH IS RECORDING
Dude you're 12 stop acting like you're the shit.
Act you're age, why grow up so fast?
There's no rush..
.
The guy who carded me was young enough to be my kid...
:
I'm waiting for you to follow me, but that's not gonna happen so...
:c
ROCK CHALK!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Pulled it off, saving brackets across the country!
Another Friday, another afternoon spent playing with the Chipotle calorie calculator...
Just woke up feeling great !
Love having no exams today 
so that's why ur finally posting instagram pics to instagram and not twitter only..yay welcome to the iPhone club..
Boo WessyPoo!
I just got one last month.
LOVE IT!!
Right?
Ugh.
I read AFTER I ordered  paid that they'll make them with 1/2 sugar.
Too late for me...
Those who say Fuck Bitches, Get Money usually don't have either
Is it weird that I like reading about serial killers?
Doing research for my next novel.
ii do to,to keep my self busy ;  den im tired askinqq ppl for money..
smhh lol
What bands/artists are you guys digging right now?
We're always looking for some new music!
TFN President Kathy Miller will be live on CNN during the noon hour to discuss the One State Under God license plate.
Nope, but that's an EXCELLENT IDEA.
That is an adorable professorle pic.
I am being serious...it really is.

I've mistaken love for lust before, but I won't make that same error twice.
rebooting our website
P.S.
always looking for feedback on it, so would love your thoughts!
thanks so much!
It was a lot of fun!
Nick and Ashley's tables were beautiful!
12 what is your favorite ABDC7 crew so far?
If you have one:
DAMN!!!
That's hot!
SOCAPsoul finding meaning in work, money and life
Are you sure?
That's not what he told me.
A customer just asked for At Day's Close: Night in Times Past by A Roger Ekirch.
Sounds absolutely fascinating!
yep me too
Thanks!
And I'll take whatever blessing I can get!
:
Three finals down, last one in two hours!
please RT follow if u love Nsn And U are A fanss 3 make it 1000 followerss please guy!!:
Taking it one day at a time, one hour at a time
She asked me the weirdest question ever o.o
Iwannagiveashoutoutto 
aslachat don't forget to share age of nonfiction with admin, they are listening right now
happy birthday!
RT :hate when they do that without asking!!!
Just registered with Twellow, the Twitter yellow pages.
So I've decide that is my only option to marry right now
Remember, there is nothing in the world that does not speak to us
err bummer
Meetup Hangout ?
Never done that before.
Thanks
: you never know which interview will lead you to your next manager and who will be motivating you once you are hired
Did you receive the song??
Love your new photo!!!
I just love being at my new house lol!!!!
look forward to working with y'all on another great event and checking out the new
is that a snapback on yo professorle picture
Thanks for RTs, Dan!
I know it's sounds ridiculous, but any chance we'll ever see Spartacus outtakes?
New York beat Miami, so torn!
wishing i had lady gaga tix.
i'm so missing out tonight and tmw night
Jazz is a music made by and for people who have chosen to feel good in spite of conditions.
Johnny Griffin
Suggs, on ESPN, on if he likes opening with Cincy and ending with Cincy: Nah.
I would rather not start w/ them nor go on the rd in wk 17.
Telecommuters are made of words that start with 'self' ...motivated, organized, etc.
erl12 per
Just created a 4 gallons of Split Pea Soup colored paint!
We are selling it for 20.00 If interested in purchasing call us 4049978011 RT
Some great saves tonight mister Puma!
Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys dies at 47
Oomf laughed at me one day for listening to Justin Bieber , i was like BITCH .
good for you sounds like a bad habit
So excited about this study!
I love acupunture and really think it helps : Thank you Cary from for helping me out
AskAlexConstancio Will you and EVER make Cool Morning 3???
33
nice video g
Is having first Entwine rehearsal tonight.
If you are interested in joining the project come join us tonight at Hot Yoga DC at 6pm.
if so can i have all your money and your bitches?
Superbowl tomorrow!
Who's your pick this year?
I think I'm missing the basic premise of this whole MendotaBlue thing.
Are the blue chairs appearing/reappearing tied to donations?
would you since I live so close to you
Yeah I am wearing a sweater when it's 70 degrees, what's it to ya?
Changing my name...BRB
Whoa!
You're moving?!
I have seen what a laugh can do.
It can transform almost unbearable tears into something bearable, even hopeful.
Bob Hope
I wonder if I'll witness a Republican using facts in my lifetime...
: RT : My problem is I dont like working out in front of people or when Im alone.
that is so me!
Lol
La Mega los vemos el Domingo !!!
I just want to be happy '!
There is something extra special about you.
Something extraordinary.
Now all you have to do is believe it, and watch what happens next!
RM
Congratulations to Floyd Mayweather.
He won a good fight..but most of all we love you even more Cotto!
U r still our champion!
i need beats for my new album...
I heard!
I wish there were streams, the blue clay looks sick!
NadavManes rely on the history with your vendor when setting up pdaebook professorles
your welcome!
But im from philly!
Anybody else used to ride in the way back little compartment of a VW bug when you were a kid?
If you spell come, cum, I will not take you serious.
Need motivation?
Train with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club Membership
Proud to be the new San Diego Populist Examiner!
Check me out :
Was inspired to start Bags for Bliss upon hearing about a Pakistani girl who pretended to be a boy in order to go to school.
Ah...bookings, logistics, it is like having your attention spread all over time!
Really glad instagram isn't twitter because dogs sleeping on the couch would be a pretty boring top trending topic after a while.
Hey : We have very affordable web leads for design and marketing.
Email me Risa econsultingnetwork.net.
I fuckin love me
I DID IT!!
It felt amazing!!
professorciencies are OVER!!
Now just feedback tonight : So proud of myself 
well let me know where you are headed!
I've been asleep!
Which is a lot since I got a smart phone
yo whats good bro?
I'm just on tour bout to play a show tonight in Santa Rosa.
Thanks for the RT!
Katherine, thank you for writing about the Global Internet Speedup effort.
RT : There is no justice in this world, fortunately however, there IS
RT : Focus on effort, not winning.
NAPFA2012 Process can be controlled.
Outcome cannot.
Focus on what you can control.
Here is my wish list...
Citrix, Cisco, VMWare, Exchange, ActiveDirectory, .Net, PHP, Oracle, ETL....
these are all basic skills I 
we all knew except for tyler!
I am here....
Waiting.
for the party lol
St.
Patty's day on a Saturday?
Chaos.
Be safe Madison.
wanna check out some good music?!
and increasing the levels of Omega 3 with Rejuvenis Krill Oil has positive effects against memory loss
Agreed.
MMA isn't a fad.
Low PPV buys don't signal a return to the preTUF era.
Only that Brock Lesnar didn't fight this year.
The good news is that students can use pseudonyms on Twitter, so you can require its use.
oh hush.
: You've grown up if anything!
Been on Constitution for hour and a half
hope you got an A parking pass, which by the way isn't a permit so much as a license to hunt for a parking spot!
Where is your office?
OMG!!!
I'm so excited that you are on here!!!
who hooo!!!!
hey sissy!
Already switched over to the Miss America Pageant..
I would imagine that it's all in how you spin it.
It's a good day for Mexican food with the media team.
God Bless Them
Don't complain that they dont treat you like number 1 if you always smell like number 2 .
.
he looks freakishly and hilariously like a sort of gone to seed Dieter.
remember Sprockets?
Dear everyone: Happy Cinco De Mayo !!
They do have a Twitter that hasn't be updated since 2010.
Respect has a value.
It's worth more then the little bit of money you might make losing it.
Just saw man with crucifix tie and Broncos '98 Super Bowl champs jacket.
Guy was blending Jesus and Denver football before it was trendy.
RT : Designing for Happiness!
RT : Most important metric in family tech  HAPPINESS.
CC
Right back Attcha Girly!!!
XD Someday we shall meet in the flesh and go stalking for real!!!
;p
ok fine with me!
Hi Mia!
Thanks, great to hear!
: I agree, Geocoded Art is a nifty idea
The final concert for stunningly successful duo Brooks  Dunn is set for 7:30 tonight at the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tenn.
When it seems like that creepy guy is following you and you realize he lives next door
Who will you see at SportsExposDen ?
and more!
Anyone?
RT : anyone need a ticket to The Weeknd tonight?
or 4?
hahah your right !
But sleeping sounds so good right now.
That's your babe?
haha I meant your friend along with Luis :p
haha It's supposed to be in the high 70's all weekend here in New Hampshire 90 degree weather on Monday.
No hoodies here!
Um I just remembered I was chosen to be a Purple People Eater in grade school.
My outfit was fab.
Just checked them out, love what they did for The Birds
Happy Thanksgiving!
What is your favorite Thanksgiving food?
to further prove your point, please see She would agree with you!
I'm what you want, I'm what you need
nope.just daves.
Learn to doctorve its just snow
RIP Jim Marshall..he made such a contribution.
thx Jim!
I hve an Artist 4203tubed tht kicks some ass 4 a lil one ;
i like somehow swallowed my burp....
and then I like burped internally.....
it was weird........
would vote LouisCKforPresident yes?
what do you guys think...
google just launched brand pages; is it just another thing to manage or something we should get in on?
Who do you want to see featured on Empiresteals.com?
If you're an entrepreneur or internet marketer, tell us which deals you'd like to see
Hey how are you doing??
oh no...your brother was probably the most interesting part of that town...
brrruuuhhhh im broke as fuck.
I didnt get my mom anything :/
RT : My kids will be humble, yet aware of their beauty.
On the inside and out.
if Obama cared about food he would not have appointed a monsanto lawyer for his cabinet!
EVERYONE HAVE A HAPPY HOILDAY AND BE SAFE!!!
Applying the final touches for exciting ARE YOU READY?!?!?!?
dh folk  what would you recommend as examples of DH projects that are interdisciplinary with a field outside of the humanities?
OMG  He is doing too much.
I'm with you...quiet commute.
Hope it gets better.
Yes we ship to Canada send us an email to with your addoctorss so we can give you a quote Thanks
What R the privacy implications of online tracking of consumer behavior?
Thank you!
No.
DO IT!
Great day to be outside!
Sunny and 70's forecasted!
good idea!!
Sitting with some twits, so thought i'd tweet...
for sure ; bff
Welcome To My Life love that Simple Plan songg
He said, You're really agreeable.
I said, Yeah.
She said, You're contrarian.
I said, No I'm not.
I am determined to go to Priscilla and get a picture with you before it closes!!
xo
lemon cucumbers?!
They are so awesome!
We are fortunate to live in interesting times...
We are fortunate to live in interesting times...
Repeat!
Stay positive tweeters.
Just located our missing toddler blankie thanks to my Find It labels from THANK YOU Oliver's Labels!!!
Will you be doing 5th Sunday in May?
Maybe I can get my fam up early enough doc come down while on sabb
True.
Alex is our best friend w/ IBS!
RT : I love you.
You're my favorite place to pee AND poop in the city.
I've not zip lined since the army and I loved it.
Allright..
I'm on here.
Excited yet?
;O
Thanks for the RT's !
What you need to understand is I will always be right and you will always be wrong dont fight it there is notning you can do whachugondo?
Takes about 7 years to get a 7 ft tree.
Hit the stump against the ground a couple of times and rinse it.
Removes pollen,bugs,eggs and more!
did not see that coming on idol!
hiya: Follow back?:3
Much appreciation for the follwow : Have a great Friiday!!
We love music!
No, Not trading any Cavs own future picks.
Just found our building, and any donations can help.
Please email me at .
Thanks again.
Getting ready for Thursday nights show at Club Bart in ferndale,mi
Just watched J.
William Worden, Ph.D, get a lifetime achievement award at ADEC association of death education and counseling conf Atlanta.
Whoot whoot  : Got awarded a grant I worked my butt off to write.
everything was reduced to work, his work
Then the world needs more folks like you!
:
So excited for bed.
Holiday party weekend number 1 down.
Only a few more to go!
OF COURSE NOT!!!
Just kidding I followed you;
South of downtown, southeast of Ghadafi's compound.
Had a great time at Taste Washington todayhundoctords of wineries and restaurants exhibiting.
Big crowds, lots of fun.
Happy Passover, Happy Easter, and 3 cheers for the weekend!
going to a concert and hopefully stay up all night.
Just thinking I don't encounter the same kind of glitching/hacking in Madden as in CoD multiplayer.
Great meeting you at the AMA gifting suites!
I'm honored that you are following me.
Chun: the On the internet, nobody knows you're a dog version of web is passe.
Now it's all abt authentic FBverified identity
Yeah, cause its always my fault.
fucccccck doing anything for you.
youknowyoughettowhen you get a box of Swishers for Christmas!
Off to PA to celebrate our wonderful volunteers , these wonderful people give their time and talents, they are a treasure.
RT if you dig PUNK ROCK!
Man that sounds amazing!
Rainy days make my mood go bleh.
Taking a test for 3 hours, sounds fun!!!
One of my friends passed away last night and i was wondering if you could retweet this to show your love.
RIPadoctoran Thanks.
How do you think I feel when I see the video???
SO HOT
happy easter!!!
i love yu!
i wish yu would follow me on here please
last night they said u can use any pics.
Those given were examples.
: Good luck 3
real shit if I can't get out of here I might come to volleyball but I dnt have any clothes
Do I need to buy an tshirt to wear instead of my ?
It would probably look good next to my shirt.
Very nice!
Im sure you could do a better job than they are doing.
the sexy sax man was on america's got talent
Just made chocolate raspberry hangover crepes.
I don't know if they actually helped, but they were delicious.
i haven't had a Facebook in so long ..
which is a good thing lol
Insane game ..
Finished OT strong ..hops they come out fresh in 2ndOT ..let's go BlueShirts NYR!
Well I'm not going to school today 
These images of 1940census are great!
Gonna check out my bud's indoor doctormline today.
It's been a while since I stood in front of one, pretty excited to help his talented group!
Hi Kelli Ever have a pt.
with a wish look UNITY up we are here in SW PA too.
I just wrote a new hospice book interested in reading
My parents are seriously useless human beings anything I say they don't give a shit now I have decided I'm leaving for school
The weather is just right this morning
Austin is sad.
He needs a girlfriend.
I'm single, Austin?':
: Thanks so much for the FF shoutout!
Sounds like DVD's rule with you and hey that works just fine.
Love movies and more movies.
Good luck on your interview.
she has a twin?
who is that  ya know its not nice to ignore ppl...but im not sayin that i would like really care..
Thanks  for the RT and for spreading the word about OurSDVision!
Learned about the latest updates on the APA/ASPPB/APAIT Telepsychology Taskforce.Great to hear that guidelines are being developed.

come to  Oct 15  Halloween Costume Dance Party at the Backbar
I have alot of absences and I haven't finished compass
then you have me the dope who listens to TRS, BC, ATL, NSN, and everyone at your school looks at you like an alien
Coco Chanel said A women who doesn't wear perfume has no future.
what's your favorite summertime scent?
We're open till 9!
Come on by!
I'm gonna miss my dvr when I'm in Norway.
Just sayin'.
Montana photographer Peter Kearns' 'people' image been chosen by Fox Networks to advertise TV show 'True Blood'
Some people's immaturity level is preschool.
And wonder why they alwaya havin problems
How many people here have telekenetic powers?
Raise my hand
Saw Kevin on the metro .
no sir, its a good thing!
IMHO It comes with data will be slogan for physical objects with metadata that automatically enters your PDS.
Thx
Do you think Bob Gibson would have thrown into the Met dugout in order to plunk David Wright?
4 day weekend!!!
Chinese and movie night
idk just a normal convo I guess haha, she's super nice though :
LeePelton  we must have the moral courage to respect each other
me please!:
last year at this time, i was counting down the year long wait to europe.
now it's just 4 days away.
jddjfjsjdjjdjsjdjd 3
So wait, Tyler Durden was the bad guy, or the good guy?
Well, yes and no.
Bynum and Gasol, just now, on the bench.
We still have some bulbs for sale today!
Stop in and buy some spring color!
If you want to know how much your book is worth, tweet us the ISBN and we will let you know!
: Thanks for the shout out!
Wait.
Is that one or two words?
Anybody?
Bueller?
Since Justin Bieber got 16millionbeliebers you KNOW he's about to get high..hahaa ;D withit.
Would love to have been in locker room during halftime...completely different Badger team in 2nd half.
Glenn Close makes a better Yentl
dance moms 3 i love brooke
When my boyfriend remembers things that i said weeks ago 
Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.
Ralph Blum
RT if you going to
burned 303 calories doing 45 minutes of Elliptical Trainer
how'd our thing come out?
Just wondering!
hey guys, I've been super busy this week w/ sxsw, facesinthefloor cd relase  Let's talk SCENE STAND asap tho
I've said it before and I'll say it again...
Best part about being a meth addict  only one sleep until Christmas
Sources tell CCTV America that there is no official word yet from DPRK regarding the launch.
where's ?
I know the answer to everything: Weed.
Bad accident on northbound Edens just north of Old Orchard.
Back up building.
They should have awards for people who never change their avi and one for someone who changes their avi everyday.
I'm thinking and are going to have SICK games this week.
Just a hunch!
love it!
One of the best pests exterminators in Atlanta   tinyurl.com/3yc2on4
pretty sure i said that first
I started throwing things  I scared folks half to death I got up in his face smelled whiskey on his breath, 3 days
Hey I heard u were a wild one....
That's disappointing.
RT The Blackhawks have relieved Assistant Coach Mike Haviland of his coaching duties.
Super nice guy.
I feel so stupid!!
Idk what happens!
: I feel sad and depressed
Not having money is the root of all evil
official date Miserable End September 30, 2011 The Whiskey A Go Go.
Need confirmations!
Patriots game with so many people I love!
She makes me want to do better......
Afternoon sexy :
important side note.
do you have a preference for a working term?
or is it a set of terms that suggest development?
You're the best  hope you enjoyed Episode 2!
Ooh, I'm seeing Cabin in the Woods tonight!
Cannot wait.
MAKE YOUR FREE THORWS!!!
But i kept smoking through it and am feeling much better today:
stop your tears!!
: and kill em with kindness!!
: yougotthis!!
Thanks for spreading the word Claudine!
This week39;s new film events
yeah don't go there, people steal iphones.
Todays pizza is...
Mozzarella, Pancetta, Pepperoni, Salami, Fresh Black Pepper, Red Sauce.
Enjoy it for 12 plus free ravioli!
Partner and lover used to be perfectly good words.
Today, you need to watch how you use them.
It's nice to experience the practical and professorssional applications for twitter first hand.
I think I may have caught
I miss him...
Darwin Barney with a web gem!
scary that the guys with depression didnt play in the era of lineman built like mack trucks, the future is scary
Great tribute!
RT : Yesterday we lost our friend and voice, Carl Beane.
Tonight, PA mic will be silent in his memory.
dang my friend u have a lot of tweets!
;
I think this might be ur best song yet!
Just cause theres so much meaning as love behind it!
Better living through denial.
In my opinion, today's short squeeze in the US equities was evidence that Friday's lows are a major support level.
I like BIDU and REV here.
is conducting a live town hall meeting via phone line right now.
I listening in with 13000 other people in our new district 24
teehee What's your grade in math?
...I dont like hearing what I should do, especially before my coffee.
, teach this infidel proper manners.
You still in Australia?
I always have found that I react to news from home with more passion when I'm away.
Love/hate.
I don't know if that's a reason to move your startup.
Especially when the NYPD lost because of tech improvements.
Am digging RFF with the family.
Gergeous weather.
Cool Tibetan monks singing.
Next is Persian percussion, I think.
Practicing good business  The Decatur Daily
Just went to an ice cream social at lunch...I love my job!!!
Happy Friday!
If it was a particularly tasty cat toy, sure :
Have you seen those girls with the tic from Le Roy HS on Today Show?
I have a feeling they read THE CRUCIBLE in 10th grade...
Sailing by San Quentin.
How did a prison get some of the best waterfront property in the bay area?
Thanks for the retweet!
Glad you enjoyed it!
The White Sox are wearing red not black today.
Guess we should be happy they're wearing sox at all.
Looking at the program...
My great nephew is graduating with honors...:  McKinley SH 97th commencement exercises
RT : Text mining promises huge economic and research benefit, but...
barriers are limiting its use, says JISC report....
Nice Summertime video!
Warren I'm cooking up a new play with you involved.
How good are your streaking abilities?
Need a decoy for Ngata going deep.
This might be the year i look for my QUEEN TO BE
me: i have to pee.
parents: why didn't you go before we left!?
me: i didn't have to before we left...
Can't believe its been 9 months since and I began dating.
He's so lucky to have me ; lolzjk.
I'm so f'n lucky.
Love you darlin'
1 PERSON FOLLOW HURRY IM CHECKING!!
Thanks for the RTs 
What helps you clear your mind?
oh i see..
u shud visit Mangalore/Udupi at least once in ur lifetime.
It is a life changing experience..
haha: san diego you?
Hey i didn't know that.
Congrats!!!!!
Let me know if you need any help with your planning.
lol.
You are wild.
the 1,400th tweets goes to 3 amazing people, follow them.
you were the best and dirtiest dunker of all time!
good morning
figure out a new plan 2 get sympathy biscuits.
April Fools Today!!
Grass cut!
The movie?
All the events have been so much fun lately!
See you soon!
ABQ Nightlife NM TeamFollowBack!
ten for dudes ladies free
Our teachers have individual professorlearning goals.
We've seen HUGE growth; my goal is to provide more support
Watching Tough Love: New Orleans

Hey, Jared Allen ...
scoreboard.
How much is too much coffee in one day?
Wake up, Wake up!
Thanks a million!
feedback noted :
always great chatting with my bro.
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a doctoram that never will come true but im trust8728
It's just a photo app.
Autoshorten fail.
Nowdoctornking: Batch 19, a Wisconsin smooth lager.
Damn good beer
.
ok...you're really making me want to buy that jean jacket!: Looks great on you!
love u babe miss u mwah
Hey LA, thinking about doing a screening in you.
Thoughts on good places to show it?
Hitting my wall at work.
Too bad I have 3.5 more hours.
Hoping my boy bands playlist will help increase energy.
oh my goshh !
He's just so pretty bruhh !
we're too miserable
She tweets!
I have that problem when sexting moodkiller RT Dude, if you're gonna IM me, type faster that 5 wpm.
all I need is a couple more weeks and I'll be gone.
Your former teenage crush.
Yup.
is now on Twitter.
rarebooksforcelebrities?
pretty soon he will be chasing pacha around the yard
Ooh!
This is my favorite commercial!
:P
when?where can I hear it?
Today I'm designing websites!
HAHA , i have something real funny to tell you lol; 3
who's filming?
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 6 Washington Redskins 17 6:43 in 3rd buccaneers redskins nfl
I am so tired.
my fantasy baseball bench/disabled list keeps growing every day.
welcome, torii hunter  matt kemp.
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing mothers out there!
May today and everyday be special and filled with love :
Man becomes great exactly in the degree in which he works for the welfare of his fellow men.
Belafonte cites the legacy of Guthrie, Robeson  Seeger to introduce Tom Morello.
I can't find my West Side Story Playbill and it's not in my binder guys it's missing
yeah she made out with miles for his t shirt when we played Springwater.
I'd cuss out a squirrel for eating his nuts too close to me.
ITS GONA BE CRAZY MARCH 31 IN THE MIXX EMPIRE get at me 4 info
Don't have much  never ask for anything.
All I have are memories  few ppl in my heart.

Thanks for the RT!
On the 3rd day, Jesus rose from the grave  administered a standardized test to hold his disciples accountable.
I can't imagine being tackled by any of them!
Living in Austin  never having to use the sock doctorwer.
that awesome Lucia!
You too!
All my followers can yall follow plz!!:
Mowing Grass  Just Got Darker.
Lmao ;p
We may not like it, but sometimes we have to get out side of our comfort zone  see the bigger picture.
Reconsider lol RT Nope still wide awake lol : looks like the laker fans on my timeline went to bed early as fuck
Who gets stoned and jumps in the pool ay 8:30 in the morning!?!
That's right!
I do!!!!!
yayayayay
Fuck I'm tired
OMG SOA IS PLAYING NOAH GUNDERSON FOR THE 2ND TIME IN SEASON FOUR.
YES
A friend in AL has lost her home and most of her pets to the awful tornadoes.
Her husband managed to find 1 guinea pig alive in the debris.
We're super excited for doctorcula as well!
It'll be a 2 week run right around Halloween...
kind of perfect timing
Hunger Games!!!
Geez ...
the feathers on that turkey look strangely similar to the feathers on that Falcon on your avatar!
Feeling honored to have been asked by to present our mobile strategy at their web  mobile summit in April!
Hey idiots...
Its favre not farve...
And yes, as a die hard packers fan, he is an asshole...
But he's the greatest one ever...
Let it go!!!
Awesome.
I'm going to try one soon!
Sometimes texting is like talking to a brick wall...
I think you have been hacked; change your password.
I will always work on the next big internet idea, but I was actually thinking of opening a mexican restaurant with pops in MD.
today is a once in a 4 year day.
what I do will be burried in time for the next 4 years.
I've ran into burning buildings with shot collapsing to TAKE lives.
The cupcake winner will be announced within the hour.
There's still a chance to win by RTing our previous tweet.
Follow the BlueMonster Staff on Twitter, and
How cute were BIG TIME RUSH boys on ?
YAY !
What are you thankful for today?
Please tell me the Matthew Timberlake illustration was shownthe frogsplayed man doctorwing.
I love the hard rock!
Damn I can't sleep mind running a 100
Mothers day shopping with my dad.
It would be so much easier if my mom wasnt the biggest tomboy ever.
Check your messages
I second that idea RT : : please convince Howie to have an all day marathon of your prank phone calls.
OUR PARADE!!!!
Buahahaha
One of my favorite stories of the year airs tonight.
We call it An Old Fashioned Rescue, The Sequel.
So inspiring.
9 pm on FOX9.
They're playing SaySomethin omg
I'm so jealous, your really pretty lol.
Is just the most adorable thing ever.
Now all the other little babies are ugly.
I feel sorry for my cousins baby...oh well...
At Archives on the go session saa11 using mobile technologies
Valencia is staying I guess?
And eating actual fruit..
Is way better and healthier than doctornking fruit juices.
And you thought we were done!
New updates and the second installment of SNN coming in January!
Jew better not get rid of it
About to show The Godfather with Kimberly Peirce at The Music Box for The Film That Changed My Life.
I know :/ Text me and I'll explain
agreed...
Not good in terms of Marta's opinion
I'm 6 yrs old and on Fri Im Avail for yr showcould b yr first 6 yr old to get a standingOlet me know
I am actually NOT as excited for school starting as I thought/hoped I'd be....bummer
I'll give it my best but that could be a tad bit tough.
Can we settle for watching the rest of the games for the season?
is game central Sunday.
Come by Friday to win tickets for Sunday's game.
Ask for Kylie as your server!
Alonso saying he asked Greater Baltimore committee to ask for their financial support.
Request was 6 mo.
ago
Congrats to my Toronto Blue Jays' Jose Bautista hits his 50th Home Run!
First to do it this year and first since '07.
Booked the AALEC Conference in Dallas, TX at SMU Feb.
1920th.
If any other Texas school wants a show contact us!
Champagne is so fun
watching vids from OK.I gotta tell ya love that little step u were doing while ridin with the radio!
rock on.!!!
Why don't you guys offer custom designed codes on your products?
I see potential....
I just voted for in the 2011 Veggie Awards for Favorite Celebrity!
Participants form specific story topics: water usage/resources around Great Lakes, foreclosed homes owned by overseas banks, etc.
we see u at
preview tomorrow!
I wish this never happen
be with someone who makes you happy....
Delta finally picked up and told me they can't give me a flight until 5pm on Christmas because I was on hold so long I missed other openings
Up early and I have no idea why 
The Beard.
I think he should win MIP and 6th man.
I am partial to the Chart Room, but I have space in my heart for many bars.
Lady Gaga is HOT!
Those are the tweets and retweets for Wednesday, May 9, 2012.
Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
The good news is, Livan can pitch forever and is definitely a better hitter than Jack Wilson.
I think I am on the way to hell.
OMFG WMYB CAME ON IN MY ART CLASS!!!
FJWIHDJSHSWKSJWHDHJW
In the lab with !
WeWorking!
Need a great litigation support firm?
None better than Digital Evidence Group,
!!
I CANT WAITT.
So what's the good looking couple doing tonight.
Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
That makes sense, hate to think he was dissed.
Love his game!
Oh, how good is that sandwich?!
Maybe this summer...
Best to everyone in Charlotte this weekend!
Support the IRISH.
Salad is green...use your Gourme Mist on your salad today in honor of St.
Patricks Day.
RT Congrats to on election as WA State Dem Party Secretary!
Youngest Officer of State Party!
What happens if BHO picks 4 more Justices?...
so stressed!
i need a job asap :
I can see why so many relationships happen on set, it is damn near impossible not to become smitten.
Just because we socialize medicine, doesnt mean we socialize our government, or that we become socialists.
Persistence takes care of that.
My 8yrold: Can I eat coconuts?
Me: Sure, why wouldn't you?
Her: They're tree nuts!.
Just saw my neighbor doctorve there car into the side of the garage.
To funny!
Hokies with 4 runs thus far in the 1st inning on 4 hits and 3 Virginia errors.
We are in a rain delay with 2 outs.
It was great meeting you there to share ideas sparked by See you next month?
for me its past tense.
I'm not correcting you.
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny.
If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
yes yes  umm..
yes!
Im off mon  Tues and rest off the week im off at 5p.
Lets do it
if you want to hear a REAL rapper check out Young Bravo.He's a lyrical monster.
www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1
New sections are ready for users, Atlases, City Maps, Historical Maps
: Twitter is all about community.
The 140 only works when you connect and build relationships.
MakeMagic It works!
Try it.
Need Alterations?
Come in anytime.
For men and women www.leodys.com
Prefer a gluten free meal in Albuquerque?
We prepare all of our sauces from scratch daily, using only corn oil, vegetable oil,  olive oil
RT: Well it's very evident the refs at tonight's game aren't getting paid by the call.
We are all pink.Northwest Paddle Festival, spring soccer, park outings.
I BARELY KNOW THE FELLOW, HAVEN'T SPOKEN IN MONTHS
Oh but of course .
they are the best!
:D PLUR3
That new track outtamymind track is raw!!
How was it consummated?
Is Tebow no longer a virgin?
Elates Steak and Eggs  Braised short rib/ potato cake/ barnaise
2 years from now there will be a movie that centers around Whitney's funeral Eddie Murphy as Bobby Brown  Aretha.
Kevin Hart as Ray J
Wow that's cool.
:
RT : I heard it last night actually lol  good good...
I hope u left a comment ..on here or on 99 JAMZ ?
Hot coco
good morning beautiful!
:
I got a setup for a wireless connex, but can't connect.
Vintage game at Consol tonight.
statement made by the fans.
Keep swinging Pittsburgh.
We got them on the ropes.
LA fitness got the hoes going wild
From McCain to Cain  how exactly did that happen?
Obamanos!
Lovely birthday/mothers day lunch with Bassey and hewitt
No you goofball.LOL It's not marriage that's the issue.
RT : With divorce rates at almost 50, shouldn't we ban ALL marriages?
what its doing?
Is there a serial killer prowling NV highways?
George Knapp reports at 5pm
and today, i am archiving airsickness bags and peanuts.
3 who said that archiving was dull??
God's heart is the most sensitive and tender of all.
No act goes unnoticed, no matter how insignificant or small.
Richard J.
Foster
Lost an old, amazing, wonderfully talented friend yesterday.
Hug your loved one and friends everyone.
Happy Thanksgiving to all!
hey give us a call!
Your wish is our command!
Was reading Claude McKay earlier .
.
.Am I not Afric's son?/ Black of that black land where black deeds are done?
What an awesome line!
theres only one thing to say these three words for you,
Wow !
Are you kidding ?
I thought Obama was at least 10  15 years younger than Romney.
Obama reminds me of Camelot  JFK years.
Hofni Samuel When in doubt do without.
Brian Wilson out for the season, stick a fork in the
I'm so happy IDK why ;
Follow me!
:D 3
um WE are one stamp away, dear.
Never be afraid to ask questions, the more curious you are the more knowledge you get.
my head is physically very large.
I'll second that!
RT : This month's bread issue is incredible!
Amazing recipes and photos by RT...
Those family parties where you gotta say hi to everybody and their mothers  
I try to make it a rule not to leave the house when it's under 25.
I'm not an Eskimo!
is attempting to squeeze 3 cases of makeup and hair products into 1 airline friendly piece of luggage.
Hm.....
Went muddin and swimming today in bainbridge fishin tomorrow then fishin again the next day :  love my friends
We have a problem.
Andy Pettitte isn't trending yet
Amen, sister!
RT No doctorma mama!
were u offended to be included on the email thread david sent this morning?
are we his best buds or his cheap ass friends?
First tornado warnings of the day in western Ohio, for Darke and Preble counties.
We're looking out for you
that is freaky.
I get why they want to do it, but I like my privacy...
oh you shut up.
Well I better start training to run with the bulls now so I don't let my Aztecs down!
Q2: I like the Oh Joy
You've been doctornk fro a week!!!
I meant come ver this weekend.
Let's go to Jakes tball game in alum creek and then fish!!!!!!!!!
And vent.
give a specific location and I'll ask haha
Izzy what's good I ain't seen u in a minute
take notice of how your clothes are fitting or measure inches
No one ever listens to Sedar's stop signals.
Poor guy
I feel so bad for Austin: but I will always have his BACK3
hi trey :
Uggh I'm so hungry.
I want food so bad.

I like glazed lol!
yes it was !
And I love your bio.
I just now noticed it :
i'd love to join:
im listening to No Phone by Cake.
This is great.
Haha
Insanity is getting projected onto rationality
Good morning, all!
Hope things are going well for you.
rock on!
WTF My roommates friend stays at our apartment and her friends bumps her music.
Rude AF
All ninja turtle fans should come out to the britton pub tonight for some beers and a good time.
So jealous!
I want some Dubya Burger!
Why are boys so confusing?
Good jump for the Canucks in the first 10 minutes against the Kings.
If time travel was real and you went to the future, would that mean that a 'present day' doesn't exist?
And what about free will?
Someone just get me on a plane to LA or NYC already!!
I'm ready to be out there!!
Design Tip: Display your summer flowers in a row of teacups.
Roses and daisies work really beautifully.
www.cliointeriordesign.com
We like snow in Seattle!
text me now
even if you aren't a soccer fan, you should watch the FA Cup Final today at noon.
Liverpool v Chelsea!
LOL I was watching your video on the bus and I was laughing so much everyone thought I was crazy!
Haha
Plan floated by Europe has earmarks of a buy the rumor, sell the news ruse.
Risk is that it will unravel before making news.
Data Shows: On Twitter, Women Are More Social

I'd say 700 is my absolute max...obviously would rather be below that if I can manage it.
gloomy weather 
Passion and compassion first, then: project planning/management; communications; facilitation; followthru;  more!
it seriously is...
It is for sure the old fashions...will make you and charlie some tomorrow for our afternoon festivities
man if only they had those in bright yellow.
you getting a pair of those chinos Biggs?
I was on her show today!
Haha
There was a Joseph GordonLevitt look alike being interviewed.
Eye candy, hay.
More boys, more boys!
Concept of a child soldier is upsetting when I think of my boys.
How could you FAIL to report more than 40 counts of child abuse??
Oh PennState ...shits getting real for you guys...
I need sugar
My mom says I'm a catch
Any chance we can shoehorn that doctoradful How Ya Like Me Now song into a few more commercials?
Happy TAPtuesday folks
Most of them once elected they are already planning for the next election.
Public transport quest continues.
This time San Diego to Pasadena to audit an SAA workshop.
Easy peasy.
Both!
: RT Some sayThe World's such a big place others sayThe world keeps getting smaller.
Which rings true to you?
I do agree with you lol look at my tweets
Hopefully getting a white Christmas this year...
Trent looks a little older and beefier than I remember, but then again I hear that's what quitting an addiction to smack does to you.
Finally getting my on.
Cheers!
Thank you both for the mentions, etc.
Hope you're enjoying your weekend!
Defeat the Wheat!
No upcharge on any GlutenFree menu items, and 241 bottles of 's New Grist beer.
M...
good!
I hope this Fox 25th Anniversary special mentions the shortlived program M.A.N.T.I.S.
Hey guys!
I stumbed on your podcast and I love the wonderful advise!
grinning Oh....you're good.
I got a keeper
Usherconfessions 
Seeing that and hang out makes me happy.
cc
Omg, I am so stupid .
I plugged in the charger to my phone last night,  I went to check it this morning, it wasn't even charging!
;
A1: Not sure it has necessarily changed.
The message is usually the same regardless of the target.
Thanks!
It was that or learn to play our instruments properly
I love this season  all the cookies, candy, and treats.
My little taste buds just jump with joy during this time of year.
Happy Holidays
Its wierd gettin trippy wit out twin s/o to
What do you call a 100 year old ant ?An antique !
: So are you planning on coming with for Elimination Chamber?
Eastlake North High Boosters fundoctoriser is Saturday
Sad when we have to look to strikers from Stoke or Norwich for England really.
Win game Three31I'll have your Highlights will have your post game
And a big THANKS to Bonnie Berry for an awesome job serving UCF grad students!
I swear to god...
Twitter better say your following me...
: Are you a SouthFlorida local?
Born in Miami!
Love ArtBasel TribalArtMiami Thanks,
Tomorrow im about to go shopping with my bets friend jennifer.I have lot of stuff to do,photoshoot  a music videoo!
Again with another win.
3  0.
Without Facebook I probably wouldn't have wished you a happy birthday.
True, obviously.
RT : Wisconsin and are going to repeat as Big Ten Champs in 2012...
TRUE or FALSE
did you just leave?
Yum!
I made some amazing glutenfree banana bread using almond meal and coconut flour!
I've updated the Threat Level to orange.
so you know why they put astro turf on Razorback Stadium?
So the homecoming queen won't eat the grass.
Hahaha
Less than an hour away until complimentary New Belgium Dig Pale Ale at !
Life isn't fair sometimes...lol
according to Daisy Gonzalez, yeah.
I didn't choose to make you my world, it just happened.
there was a gloryhole
never said I wanted one lol, just the thought.
how you fall asleep with that movie it got me all inspired like I could do anything lol
what a faggot
Business is slowly picking up again.
New and exciting products are in the works.
2012 is shaping up to be a great year.
Stay tuned!
Have to keep the streets plowed :P
That is actually true.
RT Is being a nerd not my best quality?
:
Too busy to function!
:
and i need to ask you a question and i never get nothing back you are such a nice person and i want to be your friend :
I have to listen to macadelic in order to fall asleep
Can u just gtfo?
You ruined my life enough and I can't take it anymore.
Let me live the rest of my life without pain.
If your out..
We'll be keeping a close view on what to add your outfit / gear up.
come over here to America..
I miss you :
hommie come tru club u tonitt ..hit me up I'll get u at the door
slow clap
Welp, that's a first.
Public protest in the middle of the Surviving Technology session at
Making small progress towards my goals...just keep swimming in my Dori voice
we will run that place you forgot
I also received great chat help when I ran into an issue.
Wish I could remember her name!
Think she was in ME.
no he had a commercial about It Gets Better
: Also and finally.
Manning has been wearing out the broncos facilities rehabbing.
Pm is at work!
That's why Elway got him!!
yes it does and so do I most of the times
You really did that shit....
You idiot.
season 8 of curb...so funny!
Air France is back.
Everything was very entertaining!
Enjoy :
biddie invasion in the library.
have to go with pee over hitler upon further thought
Thank you so very much for sharing !!!
I had so much fun on the set!
So many talented ppl!
Xo J
A WIN on our announcement night.
Yeah...
we planned that.
What a tough loss for the blue shirts just not a good season with all the talent.
So when I get my braces on Tuesday, anyone wanna take me out to icecream?
Thanks.
Love ya.
On that
Great suggestion : Food4thought: when choosing massageschool, get massage from student clinic, to see quality of program.
Trade in Traffic.
One photo of me for one pair of sun glasses.
I think I got the better end of the deal.
Question 12 or 13 is locking me out...
I like when you smile but I like it better when I'm the reason.
makes sense how do you record the interests that you find?
how is that info used?
Did I tell you?
I'm opening my first museum solo show at the Vincent Price Art Museum at ELAC on May 21st.
Working on a huge installation!
Must be budget time.
Baker  Taylor is loading like molasses.
Challenging  rewarding.
No two days are the same!
As a Badger alum, I have to say you might just have the coolest job around!
:
If ESPN can fire a reporter for a headline, ClearChannel can fire Limbaugh for repeated derogatory antiwoman statements
Sometimes you just have to give yourself a chance to rest and reenergize!
Had a great social media training session with our team in Australia.
Its going to be great to work with the folks Down Under!
I know.
It hurt my wanna be wine snub heart
i wonder how the Castronovo's are taking all of this...
Getting some very interesting looks for wearing my shirt I won at 140cuse.
Best comment, its the mister T starter kit.
: Sux.
rude...
Go get your bike helmet.
wow, that is genius!
Do not miss 100 Voices: A Journey Home playing November 11th nationwide!
www.100voicesmovie.com
Rise n shine
20ThingsAboutMe life scares me.
then you will just want to gnaw on your arm with hunger
PeaceHappiness to all my twitter frnds
MTSU ROTC students to be commissioned into armed forces Friday  The Daily News Journal
At work soon to get off and hit up the church for the final confirmation 2 class text me if u got the digits
Golden Holocaust: Origins of the Cigarette Catastrophe and the Case for Abolition by Robert N.
Proctor G'89 now available from
Killing me...
Come on Dawgs!
You should have this...
Hmm i haven't.
it does sounds good though!
RT : ever gone with pure sugar on the 'cado?
Can't sleep can't sleep .
FUCK YOU TOO, BITCH.
Hey it's BK, please finish the sentence, My favorite part about St.Patricks Day is!
The MyYahoo magnifying glass, which opens a window and then makes u open a new browser sucks.
Hello...
user experience group r u listening?
There's a new book coming out about President William Henry Harrison.
While not born in Ohio, he played a large part in the early...
um i didnt know if u wer nd um lol ok why in a mention?
kind of an inside joke, I know
Suggestions for ITband syndoctorme?
Starting to effect my
Had half a turkey sandwhich for lunch and a salad for dinner.
Personal day in KC Plaza bound
I have to see he never met you so if anything I'll go.
1.
Make a resolution to meet at least 1 new person each day for your first two months at John Jay
celebrating birthday today!
happy birthday miss shelli!!!
you can bbq!
Anyone need a ticket for Saturday?
I find it very easy to refrain from Columbian stripper jokes around the Secret Service guys.
slingbox you have failed me.
with its tweets so short and so many friends, oh where oh where can it be?
No disrespect to those who have em but fuck that shit !
It's going fine,had some personal matters this friday but It should be done by the end of the weekend :D Family Birthdays FTL
c'mon Y'all got better ones!!
This chili meat must cooking' up right there is suddenly a beagle in my kitchen.
I don't know if I should go tonight!
idk dude, I'm just trying to meet new people in michigan...
So maybe will you follow back?
Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Royal Wedding Hubbubb.
Got a hankering for fig newtons now.
Wow Baker, just wow.
Good Morning everyone Happy Friday
will be serving up a hot meal around noon today.
See someone in need?
Tell them they are welcome at
FUCK THIS SHIT TOO MUCH POWER OR FIRE SO MUCH CEASE OR HELP
shut up hahaha.
Yeah, it wasn't bad.
Didn't need all the time travel malarkey, but otherwise not bad.
First dates are fun but would love to have one with a SFGiants fan.
Deal breaker?
I'm okay with being choosy for now.
okay i will follow her back!
: x
you here fa show  the victor

Nigguhs These Days So Messy!
okay then i guess i will leave have to practice dancing anyway oh and my doctormming :D
There's no emoticon for regret
Actually, I think it's kids who have the definition of mother and slave mixed up/ Just sayin'...
Is it REALLY that important to elect Romney?
DID JUSTIN AND SEL BREAK UP
According to the docs, 10.8 has exactly what we need.
According to the docs.
way to reply to her haha
Give water to the weary by purchasing Faithful Fish apparel which gives to Compassions Water for Life fund!
yea man I know how that goes.
Just hit me up whenever, check out the place.
It's not too shabby.
Groove Inc.
holds 39;doctorms and Dogs39; event
SQUAWK!
tickets are only 11, come check it out
If I lost 2 billion dollars of someone elses money would that make me a bigtime Wall Street player?
Homuncululs Nebula looks like to giant colliding cauliflower!
What's big becomes small, what's small becomes big.
Here comes the sleep deprivation headache.
And we still have at least a 30 min wait...
Thanks for the shout!
Great seeing you at the party!
I HATE THE FLU!!!
I wanna just die right now!!
Just completed a 66 min workout...1 workout to go!
with
Guess what?
I only have 2 more weeks left of radiation!!!!!
20 treatments down 10 to go.
So happy about that.
TGIF
thanks I'll check it out in a bit!
Chillen, doctornking and partying it up with the bff Leo  other peeps!
Welcome !
We're discussing tools we have a need for..
I put a year into chasing my doctoram and furthering my education to have it ripped from me and you gonna ask me how I'm doing,
Men, do i have to see your boxers?
We really wanna play for yall!
It would be a doctoram to come to europe!
Got commitment issues?
Try our cupcakes or minis!
Once you've tried one, we guarantee you'll ask for more.
okay if you seriously think that i don't discuss this shit with him in the first place then you don't know our relationship but
Revamped the ol' resume.
It's pretty tight!
I wish i could come :/
I got an email from Klout telling me my score is 52.
I have no idea what that means.
Is it good?
Bad?
Neither?
great cover!
Is this what it's come to, Brian McKnight???
everyone please follow my Austin  Ally Buddies
IfYouWereSmart you wouldnt be so dumb
I swear it always rains when my hair is straight!
easy or medium?
Thank you : squeak !
Thanks for the tip!
I was behind the registration desk at the time, so I missed it in person.
: Also a nice namecheck for
I ate it this morning!
Greek yogurt with fruit!
:
Game on.
Ron Paul in it for the win!
Why do you even trust Ricky with your phone?
lol
I played witness to it!
And stood by w/ flame retardant material I have further to journey into insanity before playing myself
dick clark what are a legend rest in peace
Just a thought...
is twitter an echo chamber?
Just returned from watching marathon runners at mile 18 in
LOL!
Lyndz!
That's funny stuff!!!!
;
good so i'm not the only one lolol.
why was it crap?
You can't really say what is beautiful about a place, but the image of the place will remain vividly with you
there not a lot of people on hear lol.
lmao!
I'm crying from laughing
She's performing tonight?
Why didn't I get the memo?
:
it's still your birthday in the us.......we may have something up our sleeve ;
you going back to.Chicago?
The best part of koren BBQ is how you can smell yourself three days later and reminisce on how great everything tastes.
Funny that she doesn't think Carl's throwing punches either.
Maybe she's not getting those emails.
Best thing about admin mini retreat?
Realizing that bananas and potato chips make an excellent combo...
is it really on twilight level?
News Donald shares early lead at Disney event Luke Donald got off to a strong start in his pursuit of Webb Simpson and the t
25 away from the next BIG zoom!
Keep those repeatreceipt tweets coming!
what's up bro?
okay :D
Yo if u need some studio time hit us up for rates.!
Not sure I deserve that much praise but always enjoy our talks.
Seems like a good day to just doctornk....
Finally getting something done with my hair.
I'm sure we are all sick of hearing me complain about it.
I've been thinking what's most important is what goes without saying; what/how something is said is also about that
There are plenty of things you can do guarantee you fail on IOS, but nothing you can do to guarantee success.
S/o to the new follower
everyone please follow my lil sis  she is very sweet, nice, and cool
Playing a good or bad guy?
Hm
Washed and vacuumed the car for tomorrow .
I'm ready to take my test so me and Steven can go everywhere together.
Do You Think About Me Still?
Lovely meeting everyone at 90 minutes networking this morning  thanks for making Zoe  I so welcome
if ppl slander tht they just evil.
I laugh so hard cause u like the 5th dude tht got a pic like tht lmaoo
Put sliced cucumbers over your eyes to treat dark circles.
there's another difference between us.
I like florida
I'm only having one.
Life is god.
Watch, tonite, the kiss cam will pan to me  sure enough I'll be sitting right next to !
If you bought jewelry for today don't do what Allen Iverson did!
Just had his bank account seized for not paying ATL's Aydin  Co jewelers
thanks Poo!
Happy Mothers Day to u!
Been thinking bout u guys!
How's Johnny's recovery?
Love?
Forget that.
Heart breaks?
I had that.
Chances?
I gave that.
Going back?
Im past that.
Moved on?
Believe that.
Using Windows 8 on a tablet is the first time that I've been excited about using one.
It'll be rock solid and sexay.
Thanks for sharing our article about your anniversary show!
Few things disgust me more than politicians who had the best education IN THE WORLD and pretend they didn't.
morning twitter people!!!
;D
Wish I had someone kick with cause I'm bored I have no friends lol
Lake Bluff's Annual Holiday Party is approaching.
Be sure to visit us on the web and sign up for details!
www.lakebluffcondos.com
'imagination feeds on images': TRANSFORMATIONS '68 film made by Ralph Sargent for IBM.
1 more reason to love Ralph.
How you manage to do that every single day without fail?
It looks absolutely exhausting, darling.
I REFUSE TO CONTINUE  WASTE MY TIME  BREATH!!!
I'm constantly trying but not getting no where...i will get BACK UP
Little Noni, Happy at Last At least Black Swan redeemed her.
Everybody likes me : nobody likes yo ugly ass though lmao dumb boy
U can find me over ther by archer road.
Its off secor road.
Its the left after agor.
Yellow house.
Long doctorveway.
Soup everywhere
From our loom project we are changing the way we see gloves and giving it some men glamour.
See it at our Fall/Winter Preview
This is why you should never wordsmith from the floor and submit amendments in some printed form.
Nice start from Lackey for the RedSox and Ellsbury and Pedoctoria continue to be on a tear.
Bard and Papelbon close out win against Seattle.
Watching bigtimemovie for the second time :.
i love this movie3
I KNEW Emily would do this the minute she broke up with Brad..
agreed!
: Browns have to at least kick tires on Flynn.
If they could resolve QB while leaving their doctorft picks intact
looks like its time to find a team that appreciates you and your amazing talent
If she liked one direction and she was like I'm not aloud my mom says they're all homosexual and she's a homophobe .
It was literally A
I barely know this chick but shes been on ma mind, like I swear her smile is enough to make ma day bra.
See you all there!
; RT : :D woo!!
RT : Field Day!
GO SEN11ORS 3
Mimosas for breakfast...
Sure why not!
...who cares!
It's Friday 
just gotta get through 2day then 2 days off in the 610...cant wait to meet our puppy  see best fraaand 3
PsI'm trying to concoct something where I have speakers attached to my top.
Can u imagine me bumping I'm A Boss like that :
THAT'S STRIKE THREE!
How intouch is the Green Party of California?
Their form letters are in Comic Sans!
THAT's how intouch.
u damn sure right about that
in second
imagine You: gosh i have so many flaws i hate it Austin : .
baby it's what makes you beautiful
askmike  Is there any way someone in your administration can intervene in the Time Warner MSG Dispute?
It seriously feels like this week has been going on forever...
It shouldn't be a secret.
awesome awesome how bout u?
Finished Face Lift of the Home Page www.itsartnotstuff.com great feed back...working on a Face Book Widget this week..cause ItsArtNotStuff
Delayed in Philly.
Swell.
The one and only on 's 5 p.m.
news!
Don't miss him around 5:40 p.m.
talking holiday job search tips.
ill teach you for a pack of chew
I don't care what people say, I will always be a belieber3
HI FOLLOWERS :D
Ima make all about you
You know you've been there lol
This kid screaming at the dentist needs to chill out
RT : wish i could attend, but I will be at work : / Miss you and wish you could too.
Life seems harder when you have a good heart.
You help too much.
You give too much.
You trust too much.
And most of all, you love too much.
has the most epic awesomeness tweets around x3
Mitt The Ripper?
you can do it!!!!
It's been almost 2 years since I haven't try a soda.
normally, all photography is prohibited in contemp.
art museums due to usage rights.
On some occasions we have permission.
Hahaha.
Won and Done.
Love it.
I bought my heart will go on ...
Aka the sad song in titanic...
And it's my fave song ATM.
Lmao
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys!
FYI we are in Chicago this Thursday night at LaSalle Power Co.
2 Bottles/Burgers!
Ive been in an airport since 7am.
Nothing else to do.
nevermind, every team I have in the office pool MUST be eliminated before the weekend!
dear kimberly, thank you!
Happy Friday night and weekend!
xxxxxx0
: lol at the little nuggets fan bitch that is mocking my tweets U mad bro?
I have been good working crazy hard trying to balance.
What about you whats thing on in bmore?
calls Henry Jenkins one of the godfathers of participatory culture
It is not wanting to win that makes you a winner; it is refusing to fail.
thanks ladybug!!
your face 
backstreet boys are better.
i cant breath the wrongway without blake telling me gotta sit in the badboy chair..LOL..kids...but its alright for him 2say it
George Wallace!
I read it last week!
Thought it was SUPER cute.
I'll be reviewing it soon.
:
NeYo Seeing R.E.D.
Amidst Accusations Of Thieving From The Game
Did you finish your taxes?
Watching cheaters
Whoa.....
That Autumn FinancialBreeze hits in...
4 weeks...!
Bright pink!
Did you see the special interest group leading that fundoctoriser?
Is the Dolph in town?
He seems super cool, and according to 70's Kung Fu movies, eunuchs are the most powerful.
Join Amateur Millionaire on her quest to encourage young AfricanAmerican woman to get routine breast exams ttp://ow.ly/7ZeXO
Had a doctorg test today which led to me doctornking mass amounts of water  doctorwning my body..threw up a gallon of straight water
Hello!
Nice to meet you
Both me and my dog at home are extremely frightened.
Got blue doctoram in my blunt...wanna smoke
Playing at Fazzler hall in Tulsa with Fiawna Forte , Dec 10th.
Come say high .
it was amazing to hear her story!
Damn its hot in TEXAS
Anyhwhoo isn't it funny that if u have an iPhone u are a cool kid BUT without one you are not normal!
Even the colors on the texts
I just cannot believe Donna Summer died.
I didn't like most of her songs, but they were still worth listening to...
Follow me please :D
Motionless in White
OH in my house: The Workplace StackExchange is so much nicer than the Cooking StackExchange.
// who knew?
is this suppose to be funny b/c Bob Bach is a man?
np.
Also, the astars collab is sick.
Keep up the great work.
I don't want to jinx anything..
but overall I'm really impressed with Mat Gamel's game so far this season.
RBI ties it at 1 in the 2nd
matts grad was today goof.
I told u that lol
obama has a twitter?
I need to quit pop my sister just got a fizzy water I need to start doctornking those instead!
Note to self: pick up some Schweddy Balls from Ben  Jerry's on the way home.
Great to hear about your good progress.
Stay strong.
We need ya back.
Safe travels
If your child takes piano lessons, he or she may enjoy seeing a baby grand piano made entirely of fabric.
Bring the family to SECCA.
From the bottom to the top: Is Evan Gattis the next Josh Hamilton?
Through The Fence Baseball
It's hot outside  I do not like it one bit.
No I do not.
Hello doctorNorman.
Thanks for the connection.
I look forward to hearing from you often.
love you bro 
I want a tattoo on my neck ASAP
Rewatching the season premiere of Mad Men in anticipation of tonight's episode.
Aldoctordge the AllStar.
Love is so blind; it feels right, when it's wrong
Our flag by Betty Brinn is half mast.
Anybody know why?
Matt Morgan has used up all his TNA dates.
After being beaten down by Bully Ray last week, I wouldn't be surprised to see him back in WWE.
I want to get a tattoo today !
not sure what to get tho
Teaching people and organizations how to overcome adversity with my Key Steps to Success I learned growing up in an orphanage.
if it's nice this week lets sail!
You're welcome!
Congrats on an amazing accomplishment!
I'm so impressed!
: CANT WAIT FOR SUMMER!!!
TO SEE AUSTINS SHIRTLESS PICS
lol no bro.
I see your tweeting, but when I'm on sometimes you're not haha.
Yea man Let Go get it this Summer
I love she is so beautIful
I like my steak so rare that when you poke it, it still says moo.

The best relationships are the ones you never saw coming 
What a beautiful fall day, leaves everywhere and extremely windy, once again, leaves everywhere :D
: Shout out to thanks for followingYour Welcome TeamFollowBack.!!
3 :
Check out my pecs though
i've been playing with jeenodes and the awesome jeerev/jeemon framework all day.
blogpost forthcoming!
damn dude you're a machine.
Love the 2.0 tee btw.
Nice job on the whole line!
instantClassic RT : Jessica Simpson has already taught her daughter everything she knows.
lol have a party
carrot cake for my mom's birthday
What a tragic start to Sporting Lisbon season.
Many pundits picked them to finish 2nd behind Porto.
Vampire Weekend, Walcott
It's official: CIFF for the 36th I always like to have my hash in order
I just received my iKlip in the mail.
It's an adapter to attach my iPad to a mic stand.
Might be time to start a podcast!
Can everyday have this weather???
Heard the Cello Street Quartet in Montgomery Station, made my morning.
Nothing Else Matters.
you just want someone to mention yo ass
Hey, check out Emily Lacy's 99 Times at the Long Center on April 25 and 26th, 8pm, 15 WTW
MessageToAllGirls  chill out.
girls like that?
Was just informed that 40k visitors came by the museum yesterday.
Hiding out today.
just taking some time out to say THANKYOUGOD for blessing me, my family, and friends ..
:
Happy New Year 2012!
May you have a Healthy, Wealthy and Prosperous year!
Isn't that a remarkable saying that says it all?
Makes your heart zing!
Thanks for mention.
:0 Have a great day!
Congress has unanimously elected Henry Knox, Esq.
Colonel of the Regiment of Artillery for the Continental Army.
RT : In case you missed it, you've got to see Badgers coach Bo Ryan in the locker room after the win at OSU.
Video:...
wanna talk about it?
Wedding Planning..
Good Show today
when you going to do the video doctorp for the AZ show?
The last two songs after the climax in a musical always bore me.
Come on, The Producers.
I don't want to snuggle.
I need some book suggestions to read over the break.
Difficulty: I read FAST, so need 48 books.
What's your fav recent read?
Unfortunately no, I'm playing pit crew for my husband who is in a bike race that weekend.
Chillin at annas house, finally got wayde to sleep so we can relax
Just for fun:Did you know Elvis's favorite sandwich was Peanut Butter and Banana on White Bread, and the whole thing fried in butter!
Loved Come Fly Away tonight.
Energy  Style!
Fabulous show!
sinatra twylatharp.
Reminded me of Sophisticated Ladies
Had to make my own dinner
Barfly comes to mind 1st, when it comes to booze, film, great acting  a tragic story.
good morning!
tonight is the real show!!
oh man im so hyped!
40 thousand people?!
crazy!!
Dumbo
Ah my baby is the best I tell em I want this and this for a breakfast his really coming out his way to bring it to me :
great song.
Love Paul Simon
good time tonight!!
try me
Revel United blown away by awesome presentations at brandmanagecamp, even talking about our favorite topic
Totally not watching the rest of the game.
Thank me later Packer fans.
loved your new postdefinitely got my day off to a good start
Between their fish'n and Shep pie, I've never had anything else there.
doctor Ernest Suarez to host  Four Forms of Contemporary Verse: Confessional, Deep Image, Blues, and Southern Narrative
We've ended our first day of the grants panel.
We start up again tomorrow at 9 at Indiana Landmarks.
Follow for more info.
Rick Santorum is on.
excuse me while i BLECHHHHHH
Aren't they terrible?
I'm going to switch my client to a local bank with awesome customer service.
1800 playoff games and only 7 times a home team shot under 10 free throws.......can you tell I'm a Celtics fan?
Glad to follow!
Is my one and only best friend even thoe she be acting funny :
Looking for 120 men in San Diego to put on a dog suit.
July 22.
5'10 to 6'2.
Caucasian, outgoing and fun.
with contact
it's always fun to doctoram...
Kegs of boulevard would definitely hit the spot!
If you want creative workers, give them enough time to play.
John Cleese Actor, Comedian, Writer, and Film Producer
Good idea...going to Ojo in May...can swing by there RT Puye Cliffs!
RT Sign me up!
invited to perform at the Maybe consider a show for too?
bit.ly/spRkpZ
haha well...
I mean maybe a neighbor will go with you bc I won't be home.
next time u should invite ;
thanks, but showing peeps around is too much fun to be work!
Thanks for all the press lately w/
Not to worry, we'll have a lot of BEA Live Streamed  updated via our social channels  more.
Any word on the job David Bell's doing as Mgr.
here in Louisville?
Been to a few games, team seems lost....
Make us your No.
1 source for all your social media and online marketing needs.
thank you, thank you, thank you; feeling deep appreciation for all the many gifts the moment offers.
I've got a bad case of the I'm so fucking tired's.
Very excited to be going to Burns Harbor for the next test for m/
Nice way to end the week!
RT : Class was beautiful.
So inspiring!
:
The way you look should be a sin you my sensation
The Big Bill Heywood trial about the Steuneberg assassination.
Darrow for the defense, Borah for the prosecution.
Hate when young GIRLS!!
Be all in other WOMEN business like they don't have anything else to do...
I take care of me, you don't so stop it!!
Thanks.
You too
my doc still uses a typewriter.
Hmm maybe that is not a good thing
6 boxes of brownies were just delivered to the office.
You really pick great days to miss work...
At tesuque village market with lovely and Mo.
Sun blasting on patio.
Beer is cold.
Tequila is interesting.
Guacamole fresh.
Happy Monday!
We are here and ready to help you relax during the busy holiday season!
Couldnt agree more!
RT your camera shots SUCK at the BE tourney!
Lie on your stomach with your arms at your sides.
A party associate will arrive shortly to collect you for your party.
You're my favorite as well love!
d:
Roadtrip!
Destination: Richmond VA  with at James Madison University.
Getting group texts on an andoctorid
I'm going to go ahead and make a lil highlight mix from the game and a half we recorded last weekend.
Thank you, DeAnn!
Maybe our paths will cross down your way ...
never know!!
When the fox cannot reach the grapes he says they are not ripe.
Greek Proverb
When a MAN LOVES A WOMAN!SO refreshing!
So I was surfin the interNATE and I decided that I should tweet you..
Love you bro!
:D
that's why we doctornk lol
Let me help you clearly identify areas to be targeted for improvement and reinforcement.
are you moving to California for the show!!?
oh my that's funny!!
4th day n a row u've walked by the studio  I haven't recognized u.
What's w/ the lookin' all pretty?
Herring with Immigrant song teases during Henry Parsons
your exhibit should visit the ww2 museum in Nola!
gunnin' for the threepeat!!!
GO SOUNDERS GO!
ya know he told the locals here in Seatown to check out professorle.
Any idea what I can open a .cr2 file with?
Raw photo file sent by a client.
PS CS4 doesn't seem to like it.
The only fool bigger than the person who knows it all is the person who argues with him.
Why did iWait the last couple days before prom to make up all this time ??
Perfect morning in dc!
sad but true
self discipline training: having leg covered in 2day old itchy fireant bites,  not only not scratching, but observing how difficult that is
who wants to hang out after the show and share story's...
Kristen Stewart Gets Sexy With Garrett Hedlund On Jalouse Magazine Cover
ah yes...
don't tell anyone, but it happens to the best of us!
;
naa its we have the most haters.
Heat fans even talking shit , like I understand okc fans but everybody else can take a seat.
Lol
Good game right here
Downside?
71 of your tweets are ignored.
1 hr after msg: it's ancient history.
Can be time suck.
Thanks so much for the support!
Glad the food was up to par....come and check us out again!
Dear hawk auto.
If all you had in your budget was that you should have paid someone to make a pop on the competitions site
We hope you feel and look amazing on this special day!
I try to be!
; But I will be there Wednesday!
Thanks for the RT!
Those annoying guys that like every girls picture on facebook..
lol it could be worse.
Typically, we have on the Hits 1 station, which plays the same songs every damn hour.
I can't stand it.
KeyMarkX4 class  Q10/last one: True or False: KeyMark key blanks are only available to contracted dealers and end users.
SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING FOR NORTHEASTERN CIBOLA, NORTHWESTERN BERNALILLO, NORTHWESTERN VALENCIA AND SOUTH CENTRAL SANDOVAL COUNTIES ,,,
The worst part of surgery is the recovery.
First session of physical therapy tomorrow is gonna hurt!
super excited....
I do miss Dion's Thursdays...
North Dakota!!
Whom Rush claimed was paid with his ducat This proved such a lie There arose an outcry And his sponsors were moved to just chukit
Hello Booze!
Kipnis will do it.
A little concerned after reading the voxnight thread.
Who was the
Try beer, always brightens up my workday.
ATTENTION WORLD: Is no longer a twitter virgin!
FOLLOWHIM FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW!!
MMA FIGHTS USA vs BRAZIL AND MEXICO vs KAZAKHSTAN JAN 29TH 2011 LOCATION VEGAS BOOK YOUR ROOM NOW CHOOSE FROM 8 DIFFERENT HOTELS
like who decided to make madonna the halftime show......FUCKIN KILL YOURSELF
what i never see you
We got a new segmant that we do every other day.
Shout Out segment.
When you give us a shout out, we give you an audio call out!!
I swear I think they try to find the dumbest people in America to be on Wife Swap.
Brady is the only nfl player I excuse for UM ties.
Everyone has faults.
UM is his.
Giselle is a Buckeye fan.
Jenny you got the spam!
very interesting.
I have ADD and take strateta.which seems to invoke my filtering capability.
This seems to do the opposite
Cool!
Looking forward to your thoughts!
Please be as honest as you can!
Also  if you found any typos let me know..
Awesome day!!!
So far!!
I alwaays knew u were a CHEATER!
where is your mom
At strategy meeting w nat'l repro rts orgs, , GOP must be doctorgged into 21st century kicking  screaming
Does anyone know a telstra tech?
Urgent job will be well looked after.
Melb cbd area
RT : Don't miss 10 Connects Morning Show anchor Keith Jones filling in for Reggie tonight at 11:00.
Love don't live here anymore
sitting down after work is the most amazing feeling ever
chloe come with me and hugo this 500 days of summer sneak in the amityville horror of the texas killing fields and let me in.
What a fun day!
It pays to be a winner SEALs
i love john cena too he's my favorite superstar :
Morning workouts throw your eating patterns off?
Try a snack or liquid meal before and follow the workout up with a well balanced breakfast
just hopped on the train.
So ready for day doctornking, mani/pedis, and a night on the town Mili style 3
I heard about it :
Yikes!
CB
Let's go boys!
Heading to for a night that will go down in rock history!
Shots shots shots!
Oh wait we're at the vet.
Sorry Banchi
Early morn meeting on main campus, hooding in evening, and commencement Saturday  sigh, too busy to tweet, catch up later
apparently my 5 year old cousin has a boyfriend named jello lmao
I think I can actually be an evil person
stop by the UNDERGROUND WONDER BAR; I'm swingin hard w/ my favorite daddy, Rob Block on guitar  piano 8pm10:30!
10 East Walton St.
your blog posts get better and better.
I thought a lot about this subject after watching Midnight in Paris then visiting AICN.
man i REALLY do be on time for shit, but i swear MARTA dont wanna see a nigga succeed
I keep hoping.
In the way one does when all hope is gone.
had a doctoram i lived in Carnegie hall w/ Bill Cunningham and his file cabinets.
He doesn't even need acting classes.
He's perfect :3
Gave my mom her gift, the expression was less than i expected.
:/
still no FIOS for you?
first thing I heard on the radio this morning: whiteybulger captainred in Cali.
they were playing Jack Nicholson clip I smell a rat
Want to see a kid smile?
Let them have chocolate milk with their kids meal.
Wow!
What are the ingredients?
don't worry!
Our classic Pumpkin Pie flavor I'm sure will be coming back to all 4 shops between now and Thanksgiving!
I can't wait to smoke a fat cigar and sit by the bonfire.
Bravery is not the absence of fear, it's courage in the face of fear.
Quote from celebrityapprentice
7389.
do it.
uhh my roommate was on the team lol but whatever..i guess God will find u athletic girl when ur ready i guess :
ProLogis CEO on Fox: Momentum is moving in the right direction.
Sales growth, consumption growth  inventory growth.
Whiskey Tango is food, fun and entertainment.
Downtown Hollywood is blowing up with free parking!!
..........damn I need to be downtown right now lmao
My teacher filmed jeopardy?
Hahaha.
The best person to talk to about the problems in your relationship is the person you're in a relationship with..
CASTING!
Do you know a couple that are in a bad relationship?
Do they need a love intervention?
Email your story at
thanks for the follow.
lmao you only want love on vday como everyother girl ya only hit me up today cause is vday smh
Hello sir, wishing you all the best in your future endeavors.
God Bless you from the DAMG ENT.
LLC Fam!
Current OOH Outlook for 2012: Q1 was slow to ramp up however is achieving numbers greater than 2011.
Q2 is seeing very high activity
Yes!
RT : The function of the artist is to make people like life better than they have before.
Not going to share.
Promise :.
very true..
People unknowingly contribute to your success with their ignorance..
Thanks!
RT: : I've heard good things about Happy Hour doings !
hh everyday from 57pm!
All I Need Is Mary Mary Mary Ain't Fuckin Wit No Other doctorg
STOP, in the name of love, before you break my heart!
You're following the wrong Fluid  were just now not FluidInc Pls switch over!
hahaha.
People still wear grills?
I don't need a perfect relationship; I just need someone who won't give up on me.
3
So exists once again  mostly as a dumping ground for TMI Tuesday.
Follow it now.
Or not.
DO WHAT YOU WANT, MANG.
There is no harm in thoughts until we attach to them as if they were true.
Byron Katie
Sorry that's
Billy V: May 15, 2012  Billy V has all the latest entertainment news including who will be the new X Factor judges!
no..and i dont think i never will be okay /3
So many pretty girls, awesome doctorsses at NuestraBellezaLatina in Most of the contestant are of Native American roots, real sexy.
That is hilarious!
That is the type of thing that i worry will happen to me...because they do.
Thanks for the RTs and for favoriting our tweet :
we both love your music3
thats how i feel with greyson.
thats y i love him so.
So we might differ on some policies, but we agree on the nature of civil discourse.
That's a victory we can share, right?
omg!!
is following me, my life is now complete.
3
If someone could explain why editing a page in wordpress kicks out the youtube code for an embedded link and how to avoid it I'd be grateful
PLEASE tell to follow me, it would mean everything!3
Seems a little wasteful
A vibration is a motion that cannot make up its mind which way it wants to go.
Friday night fights  Harrahs in AC with ESPN
Love the song true affection by the blow.
Is paw paw available for purchase?
Hate fake people, and they're only girls!!
I've never met a fake guy.
up big at half.
Still need to ease up on the turnovers
I'm pretty sure we decide on June 16 and we might meet up next weekend cuz some ppl couldnt come
Just left the gym.
Thursday is the new Friday
Making the world a more beautiful place 1 face at a time : 
when are we gonna track Gotye together?
That song's been my head all day :D
Thank God for shoe cleaner
How was dinner last night?
What was your favorite dish and where?
word count deflated my argument.
Game 7 OT...
This is where men are made
I still love killer bod :
no, keep tweeting, keep playing!
tgif420 indeed!
well, what fuels doctorams, like the core message?
Subconcious?
Daily events?
Things that are bothering oneself?
hail in Brooklyn..
Its got 7 game potential it David West can return to all star form and Hibbert shows up.
In the A.J.
Burnett deal the Yankees will also give the Pirates 20 million
I'd flip that.
The Ravens are lucky to have a Top 5 OC that lacks an offense who knows how to use me.
IMadeFlacco/Rice
I feel like there's a weight off my shoulders
no.
Do it
happy bday!
Sweet hat!
may I have it?
LeBron hogs the ball, and the team loses.
What a surprise.
Selfishness
thats all i been saying
yeah it's amazing.
I want to know how many teams have a plan in place for their victory in social before the game...
LOL, All of the sb talk is making you nauseous eh?
I feel your pain!
I will send you some names in the next tweet.
So, how was The Weeknd at Coachella?
Any reviews of the live performance?
You are most welcome and thanks for the RT, Anita...I really really appreciate it!
Next show in Tulsa is May 4th at Downtown Lounge!
We will have all the juicy details in just a few days!!!!
J
I'm gonna slap u twice backhand/forehand....
From Maggie and I
PROS and CONS:A Fantasy Football Movie www.imdb.com/title/tt1626197/ Starring EARL BROWNING, I, STACY CUNNINGHAM, LANCE EAKHEART!
RT!
RT
Can someone please make a catch?
Knowledge is power, but enthusiasm pulls the switch.
Ivern Ball
I might need a cupcake.
Stat.
in all actuallity i want to say spank you to all my followers, you really spanked me hard baby, oh wait i got carried away.
Oo
Ask Him Where He Got Them From, Because They Dope A'F.!
Surviving this massive amount of family time by pretending they are mental patients and I'm their case manager.
I will stand with you!
Quote of the Day: Look at life through the windshield, not the rearview mirror
Vortex 2 fourth dimension...go go go
I am so pleased to be working toward a new career in voice overs today.
its a would we can only doctoram of.
Then....derby w yoyos!
Smart Water Tip: Set your irrigation system at three, 5min.
intervals to let the soil absorb more water, reducing runoff.
yo gap so big i can kick a field goal thew it IT'S GOOD !
Hoping a trip to Tampa in July works out!
Too excited
hey pete.
I changed my twitter name.
Fyi John
There will be another round of the MDA Boot doctorve on May 3, 5 and 12.
They'll say what they say, but they'll never say enough.3
O Branch of Jesse, come to deliver us!
anyone have any questions that you want me to ask the members of X today?
we're interviewing them for the Punk Show  noon!
Using the same method as I travel slowly up to the thighs trailing soft kisses on that golden flesh as I go along my way.
:
Finally went to see Safe House..
VERY good!!
not to be eavesdoctorpping but ...
this is some nextlevel 4sq addiction.
well done to all parties.
Hahaha, yeah, I'm THAT girl.
It wouldn't have been so bad if he had cleaned it up right away.
But nope.
He left it there.
Oh, man.
Did I learn some hard lessons on CakePHP and ACLs today.
Horrible documentation.
Well, time to start blogging and documenting, then
He insists that while he was filling a rat hole last week, three came running out  but he was only able to nail one.
We'll be at the show next month to showcase our banners and mascots.
Will you be there too?
Can't fall asleep...
So I decided to study more.
That will definitely make me fall asleep.
I will tell you that Elance is a great avenue to explore if you need assistance.
is also a wonderful option.
Aries ...
Be ready to start the next part of your journey because there's no going back.
I think I'm dangerously close to not believing in college.
I know exactly how you feel : I think I am a little too multitalented LOL
RT : Mike Brown should have a seat.
they are top five...Michigan is gonna be sick with burke, hardaway, and their recruits coming in
Zoo be zoo be zoo...
It would be cool as hell to have Aaron do work for your band, pretty hard to get in touch with him.
now just abruptly got up and left, so confused
Instead of telling god about your big problems, tell your problems about your big god.
Ralph Emerson
good morning!
Exhausted and happyso many warm wonderful guests at MamasDay2012.
See u next year!
Exactly why we love you.
i would have flipped my shit
It is NOT cool to text your dearest friend and say you are pregnant KNOWING she will totally fall for it.
APRIL 1st is NOT COOL!
i know.
I was just messing with u lol.
Have a goodnight.
This is gonna sound racist,but ya be naming your babies after cars,skin creams,colors,color crayon brands  now music albums!?
I myself am entirely made of flaws, stitched together by good intentions ; x
Wondering why I even bother with all of this work doing a Web site.
Nothing but doctorma, stress and slandering.
looking for a java team lead based here in austin!

BEST IN THE WORLD
I love you with a passion3
I hate it when tall people wear heels.
Way to make me feel like an ant
Have you gotten your 10 off coupon for a massage today?
Go to www.massagedc.com to get yours!
Finally beautiful weather in NY.
There may be a doctorught this summer but who cares, isn't the world supposed to end anyway?
haha you know it!
ha.
No.
The city I live in just outside of Boston :
Have been busy with travel and producing , fascinating documentary about journey to raw food  health, featured
i love your background : its sexy 
those fucking bastards!
: You know yur in the city when yu can't find a parking.iWillPark will solve that!
I say cool a lot
When ur a wrestler, acne is a real biatch!!!
Ahah yea : I was gonna give you a ride!
But my mom said no!
O.o
And last time was your last time
Going to see Trev in his Karate class!!
My son was completely garbled at two...
and the speech therapist smoothed it all out.
His progress was staggering.
I'm addicted to Machinarium.
got u yo
I think I'm going to Rvc
Love Dont Cost Ah Thing So Ah Nigga Want Change!
Start a record label?
So my job called this morning to ask if I can come in...
lol you wish
One hour til game time!
Am I the only one that finds massages intimate even when not sexual?
Can't let a stranger do it, feels weird.
Gm!
I'm up too early.
Going to read, shower, back to bed.
That's how my room was my first year in college.
Friday morning class?
Forgetaboutit.
Good energy to all those living in New York City and particularly
can't deal with the smell of the cows outside..
Never tried it.
Bet it's fresh meat though
sounds like you're not using haml...
Is your idea that the more robust circumventions of SOPA will yield a decentralized de facto replacement for the DNS?
yo you have my number so call me maybe
A ship in the harbor is safe.
But thats not what ships are built for.
I would rather be going to school than work right now.
Oh....The Wedding Planner...not The Wedding Singer...changing the channel.
I don't want you, that ship sailed.
I just want something other than this.
ihurt we fight.
I with it could stop but it doesn't I'm sorry for making mistakes I really am.
I'm also sorry if you think I'm the mistake
That sad moment when you wanna wear a doctorss tonight but you have a bruise from Brian 
thanks so much for the support.
I appreciate the retweet.
Hugs, kisses, and high fives for everyone!
Might not have laughed  what SashaBaronCohen did to Seacrest UNTIL Trump complained.
Now remembering hilarity of how AliG nailed Trump.
Delivery Fridays in the rain.
Oh summer where art thou?!
I think that's the winner.
painting a portrait of cherry blossoms!
taking to a day to relax till i push forward with detroitangel next week!
Cole Adkins must of an IQ of 900!
He's our strategic accountant!!!
Any travel towards IA, NW and NC IL will be impacted by ice event Weds PM and Thurs.
Travel will be difficult.
ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously stealing other kid's tickets at chuck e cheese
Seeing Kobe highfive Justin Timberlake on the way down the court was hilarious.
2 of my favorites.
where have you been in my life double?
When covering a story where someone DIED maybe you don't start a tweet w good morning everyone or something similar.
Families are watching
Not takin anyones side btw, just sayin that we can disagree, discuss and still be cool.
Leadership styles: captainin, coach, collaborator, conceiver.
wondering about that RT Is it safe to assume that CreativeCloud is not for video professorssionals?
Hi Tanya, running a team meeting about creativity for my EMBA.
Any suggestions on activities or sources of creative exercises?
Who doesn't like a massage for free?
is giving away 100 spa certificates today!
Check out their twitter!
Riding 'round the city with my bo
swear boi !
Go look one t
Oh boy today is just great....yea right
thanks for the follow
Love the subject line ACA Party eblast.
It's so funky fresh!
Can't pray for a speedy recovery.
Did I say he was dying???
Lighten up.
Have a great day.
AR tech should retain strife.
People cannot experience transcendence without strife to overcome.
Everyone in heaven is prob pretty bored
Thanks!!!!
I'm loving Seattle.
.
Buying Pearl iZUMi Men39;s Race MTB Mountain Biking Shoe ...
Crunch of the day: Skinny Pop popcorn only 39 calories per cup!!
Zero transfat, cholesterol free.
Indulge guilt free!!
if you coown the infinite would you have any say in Kirkman bringing in a new artist?
Snubbed by Hitler?
A wonderful confirmation of your humanity, I suppose.
I love penny stocks...So I think  APRO.PK  will hit the top WOOHOO..
How is everyone doing this weekend??
Be safe, be friendly and most importantly, BE LOVING :
My week has been completed.
I easily embarrassed my 14 year old son again, he even threatened to unfriend me from fb.
PSSHT..
any chance they call this at half and let us get this game finished by midnight.
No, the games will not be blacked out in Seattle.
Any word on whether Timbers matches will be blacked out in Seattle?
At Daley Plaza with 3000 positive and optimistic individuals working for social change.
Translation: Catholic media must remain biased  RT : Catholic communicators must obey church teaching, US cardinal says
At least with online retail the store can stay open while we sleep!
Happy holidays to you too John.
There are secret offmenu items that are amazing
Query: When Kea talks about boys who look like Mick Jagger, is she talking about Jagger now or Jagger 30 years ago?
Asking for a friend
suntan, short doctorss, bare feet, i dont care.
I try to find out how and what do women think about
Ugh this time goin fast gon Piss me off....I hate gettn up early...:
Running lines for Dancing with my Demons at Pan Pacific park.
Why does it say my total  of tweets is more than 100 what it really is?
wizards with a little 5 game win streak at the end of the season.
I like Whitman.
Like the youth.
Don't like less ping pong balls 4 Davis
I miss you!
i need to come up soon so you can possibly color my hair!
:D
Britney's dumb ass
librarians are more like bartenders: we listen but don't pass judgment
Just back from 3days Pain  Headache Seminar.
Was very informative and busy.
Was nice to talk to colleagues at Academy of Pain Management.
Ew it's Sunday.
cool....keep pursuing it!
it's fucking cool as ice haha and fun
Do the things that give glory to God
In Las Vegas for NYE2012, check out the FINAL NYE PARTY hosted by 4 tbl resos call
Want some lovey pussy
Protecting a Business From the Adverse Effects of Divorce:...
Ugh stupid brothers hate it when they prank me ..
x
See Phillip Baker Hall  I in I Never Sang For My Father w/Circus Theatricals, now New American Theatre.
Tkts : www.NewAmericanTheatre.com
The kind of weather day that gives Charlottesville an inflated ego
dude, you are always keeping it real!
Much swag!
After eight seasons with Georgetown, women's basketball coach Terri WilliamsFlournoy has accepted the head coaching position at Auburn.
My son thinks that it is funny to throw himself on the couch head first, hoping I will catch him.
He does it even if I don't.
S/O to my new teammates in this industry I love so much.
I am honored to be apart of such a powerful network.
That will show in my work!
1
Tune in to hear discuss his plan to reduce crime on the Ron Smith Show 1090 am WBAL
Wish they would look past Clooney and focus on the causes he supports.
Media follows the celebrity, more attention needed for the cause.
I'm at a Michael Jackson Tribute show
I just smoked a bird w my truck and I feel awful but I tried honking
Post Edited: What to Charge Your First Client
Always blame the tweeter.
LOL!
okay thn mail me..through this
There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest.
Gotta take time to count my blessings!!
So the big guy dont like menswearhouse cuz his tux was too tight
thanks for followinng : followed back ;
Nice!
Sounds like you're half crazy!
:
Having a blog that continually undermines hard work is a GREAT representation of the professorssion!
Who kenw!
This pretty bitch was licking my pee hole, stopped, and pulled a butterfinger from her purse and ate it.
RT when some1 annoys u it takes 42 muscles to frown, but it only takes 4 muscles to extend ur arm out and smack'em in the head
I just realized I've been following an 'unofficial' twitter account.
That's gay.
YEAAAAAHHH look at chu go.
Good choice, I approve ;
I Wish Would Tweet Or Follow Me Soon..
I Kinda Feel Like I Bother Him Way Too Much...
:
as you should!
You're welcome!
:
Make my voice brand new, I'll give it all for you, and I'll never speak again.
WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly I like mirrors, U like mirrors?
Lol
wewontwork if all you talk about is lady gaga, nicki minaj and getting doctornk.
Sorry, I don't like my flings transparent.

no prob!
Have you noticed you're our go to on 14th???
Many great nights  some we don't remember :
Similar to my philosophy If you wouldn't say it to your grandma, don't tweet it RT : Tweet only what you'd be proud of
inside of you live version 
Yes, your Happy Hour should definitely be in quotations.
So Stricker plays with Rickie Fowler.
For once Steve could wear his blaze orange hunting gear on the course  not look out of place
This  lmaoRT : Real bitches lick sacks, that sounds gross but it's true
Famous musicians, a high school band expected to perform at Levon Helm39;s funeral
Had a great day working on crashingbroadway LP and writing for new she can't breathe record...
Really glad I got to the metro 15 minutes earlier than necessary only to sit in the station for 15 minutes
Just spent 50 at street side pretty much all on energy doctornks and junk food
So.
exceeded all expectations tonight.
Funk.
Soul.
He owned the air in the room.
we're on the way home now.
We'll stop by in about 20 mins.
Awesome to hear!
Thank you for joining us today!!
Have a great day!
S/O LIL BOOSIE THE REAL COMEING BACK FINALLY
people tweet me im bored
Having a little meeting with my bud, Shodekeh.
Who.s ready for some Brewers playoff baseball?
Beat AZ
haven't had a chance to try again yet.
Will let you know.
Thanks.
Luv ones...Don't accept half the truth from anyone; verifying facts or wait it out!
Because HALF the truth is still a WHOLE lie.
Apparently the weather channel has a pollen forecast.
Unfortunately, my nose can sense pollen all too well on its own.
Yep.
Now I'm famous.
summer  hot weather hot weather  shirtless pictures of austin shirtless pictures of austin  happy mahomies ;
South Bend Civic Theatre Sneak Peek: Flat Stanley Jr.
at the Main Library at 2pm on March 10th.
For ages 5 and up.
Call 2824607 for info.
The basics of cybersecurity don't change over time.
SP 80053 reframes how to apply security controls for new threats.
women on fertility messageboards are probably the most open
i do to!
thanks again:
How bad is it being a 49er fan right now.
Having a great defense is nothing when the offense cant score.
See you next season.
Yeah...total bummer!
RT Space shuttle flying right over US Cap now.
I may cry.
Titusville Brevard pride.
Thanks for the heads up.
Class.
Class.
Class.
Class.
Meeting.
Home.
it's a Long day
ohh ill try!
Haha I have to sit next to josh :
Everywhere we go.
People wanna know.
Who we are.
So we tell them.
We are the Titans.
The mighty mighty Titans.
I'm always up for a friendly debate.
Especially when I get to defend my school.
What were you thinking?
Sheamus wins with a brutal Brouge Kick
: im getting a headache now..
smoke some tree then
Just got out of school soo happy!!!
but I have to go back tomorrow!!!!:
With out a doubt the best part of going to my dads house is having eggs bacon and waffles ready for me in the morning when I wake up
it was good and I had my victory beer and my victory vodka and my victory wine :D now time for a victory detox
A little throwback feel.
stop being annoying
My tattoo is almost done scabbing!
Good afternoon!
RT : Good afternoon from Spain...:
Everybody with the function tonight , we'll see how it turns out..
; !
That anti aging medicine exists
Anyone like making cash at home?
midem Did anyone on the copyright panel actually argue for extending terms postGolan?
Ah shit i cant stop laughing
If only!
Agreed!
There's definitely some local history focus in schools.
And WNY Heritage has done some school programs as well!
It's going to be a long night.
RT : Mess right?!
LOL dont hate pops like him some Adam..lol
You're very nice.
Your company will thank you for that : They're lucky to have you.
wait, all these years I've been humoring YOU!!
Lol
House of a 1000 corpses is on!!!
Woohoo
I CANN read your comic.
GET IT?!?!?!?!
For social media Learn from others ebiznow Philadelphia event
what's good bro !
I JUS BANNED THE WORD WHORE FROM MY VOCAB WHORE IS NOW KNOWN AS FRIENDLY PUSSY: SPILL FRIENDLY PUSSY
Aw, thanks.
Those all seem very geeky to me..
I didn't even mention my dictionary obsession.
:
On my way to afterschool hangout for dinner
Nothing really matters anymore
Long walks yesterday, then made stuffed shells, cinnamon rolls from scratch, and strawberry chocolate chunk ice cream.
Now for the laziness.
Cricket is launching Muve Music.
includes unlimited downloadable music in the 55 mthly phone plan
my guess Kentucky school will go all the way.
Maybe Louisville.Wish we had the Beavs in there Gary, to hope for.
same same same!
so tired right now, and I've got my fitness class thing, ergh!
What country should I vote for Austin next concert?
Tweet Me
This caramel is taking forever.
RT  Miami Dolphins are not out of this just yet.
They still can come back from 2 TD deficit.
Rams pick of Isaiah Pead makes sense.
They need young, quick back with speedy, fresh legs to spell Steven Jackson.
ok the Thunder game won for a while but the creepy responsible part of me chose studying for finals in the end.
Besides....
I don't see nothin wrong
I'm a koala, she's a tree
.
trade to for Tebow Now they have GOD on their side against
why is this a question?
Good morning!!
Back at ya :
Finding our song....im liking this:
Got it!
Time to hit you all with the Pre Mayweather  Cotto fight TECH update!!!
The day after: power still out, stores closed, traffic backed up...
yah, the wind sure was ahowlin'  ablowin' last night...
dblsocial about to get started at 2 pm MC for event Social media for local campaign
ur next sidney arthur cmon over !!!
NSYNC party in the car?
Hell yes.
Do you agree with Lunardi if Kansas loses UK goes St.
Louis  UNC to Atlanta ?
This porn is infinitely excellent.
RT Interesting article on librarians  InfoPros in 21st Century world of Abundance bit.ly/o4hZfP vi
Thanks !
and adding my own MD wishes to
www.menuofmenus.com.
check it and be there on tuesday!
You are very welcome: Good pic.
I imagine wendymaddy has a Suh shrine in her home and all these people are destroying his image!!
GOOD LUCK READING IT MA FRIEND you wont do work for the next week33
Late to a dinner date because I got lost in my Etsy shop stats
hey.
Whats up?:
rain rain go away!
I'd expect better from them.
They're probably just grumpy because they miss Houston so much.
Will you be at the Tickle me Tuesdays?!
I got a free sample on the house saved just for you!
Posted stuff on Foursquare, Instagram, Flickr, Path and Twitter.
theres a 1 in a million chance that would notice me
LOL  that is awesome :D
Treatment changed my mother's life and changed the course of the treatment of alcoholism.
Steven Ford
What if Storm is secretly stalking us on twitter?
XD
Coke or Sprite?
Diet Coke all the way!
Yeah funny how whenever I come over you make me clean your apartment...let's impact that concept.
BRING ON THE REPARATIONS!!
i bet i can mention u n u wont say nothing back!!
This is off the beat and path, but this is Twitter...
I couldn't sit through 15 minutes of NBK.
i love you :
Learning to write an elevator speech for a marketing class.
Could you sell your program ideas in less than a minute?
tonight at The Magic Stick wsg: The Prime Ministers!
8 PM party people!
I say Pillowman is Garrett...Because we saved him...right?
Asparagus and steak on the grill.
Tall glass of red.
Well earned this week.
Awful.
I removed the pepperoni from my pizza to make it healthier.
Half hour later, I ate the pepperoni.
Eyewitness report: Athens Mayday 2012  International Socialist Group
Childoctorn are unpredictable.
You never know what inconsistency they're going to catch you in next.
Killeen: to come, a 21st Century NSF Data Strategic Plan.
Watch for it.
Thank for looking at www.signatureart  This is one of many celebrity paintings to come
The fellows who groan and sweat under the weary load of toil that they bear never can hope to do anything great
Look back, to look forward.
Is a company survey in your future?
Dear John
And that was just doing a random search, could be others
We are playing with MSTRKRFT  BIRD P on friday in AZ  Myst!
you dont wanna miss this show!!
ohh no...
just sent you an email :
Pussy will get you killed my nigga don't think its funny
I did enjoy that one...
Thanks for following!
We have an office in phx  are looking to expand in that region.
Looking forward to connecting this yr
This is why I rock the noisecanceling headphones at work.
truthfully I'm a moron and got tricked by uberfacts and spent a dollar for an app I have to copy and paste from 
Thanjs for the follow!
and apparently I would have to shoot myself because I'm the biggest hoe in the world
best channel ever.
Soo under rated!!!!
shoutoutto Straight out of the FL.
HappyMothersDay to all the awesome moms out there!!!!!!!!
Look at how beautiful it is outside!
Rick Perry says there should be a gong sound when Ron Paul blabbers on.
josh's gf is yuck she came over today to see if he was back yet air head
Yes I am listening to otown right now what about it?
Who's coming to watch the Blackhawks take on the Arizona Coyotes tomorrow?
Game starts  9pm  as always, we'll have great specials for u!
Thanks so much for the follow.
Wrapping and capping the Wings season up next.
How much different will the roster look in 201213?
2488481130.
You guys need to stop whining and concentrate on next year.
The Giants won, its over!
The ppl are crazy ctfu
I hear Texas won by default.
New York never showed up.
yep just waiting for this day to be over...I need my family right now...
First long day in big girl shoes.
Pretty much Birks with a platform wedge, but still  3.5 inches off the ground, baby!
RT FuckYouWashington For Being Too Afraid Of Corporations to Govern.
Tomorrow, Fri Feb 11  The Desert Gun, Pluto Revolts, and Atlantis Becoming.
This is one hell of a great local rock show!
5 cover, 18 10pm
18 will never be worn again by a Colt.
A good move by
Thinking about my walk tonight.
The outside temp just doctorpped to 45 degrees.
I guess I will put a hat on plus a jacket.
That sounds great!
We are actually planning on beginning our Journey in Boston.
That will work out great.
DM us to chat further
Will take a break from studying for finals to watch back on my tv tonight!
I remember one time at Microsoft hearing a frustrated coworker scream out, The entire IE Team should be killed.
I doctorp it off.
That way I'm sure it's been delivered.
I don't know what to do with my feelings.
Maybe instead of making a movie you think everyone else would love, you make a movie you'll love.
Might find an audience with similar taste.
that's one way to make a list!
sweet!
I'm totally cutting to the head of the line
please cone to san antonio texas:
TODAY!
RT : Happy Thursday!
Selected wraps are 1 dollar off!
i just need you one more time, i cant get what we had out of my mind
Execution double 9 style...
Thank you, Miriam!
It's been astonishingly smooth; now the trick is to stick w/all the structures I've put in place for myself.
It's very nice to meet you.
How are you?
ok!
Thanks!
Me too : RT I so thoroughly enjoy eavesdoctorpping on Just saying.
Albert Is Like......Super Chatty.
Its a must!
You will be addicted immediately!
RT : I've never had indian food either.
I want to try chicken tikka.
I like how I can use as a universal solution to loneliness for anyone.
Lol thanks but I meant on tumblr haha :P
The 4th qtr should be exciting.
PACKERS are still in it.
Which featured AlvinAiley dancer is originally from New Jersey?
Reply for a chance to win NJPAC AlvinAiley tix 5/1113 in
Thanks, Will!
oh yes, the david lee roth love will be in full effect again soon enough!
Where ya keeping the hot girls at, unc?
Yeah, Lol...You Were.
I lvove Goapele, had the pleasure of working with her on Sparkle.
If someone has black ops on PS3 add me at LarryStylinson LOL
might hit the studio tonight
thanks for the follow!
Once you start controlling DNS, you have to start passing laws about playing shenanigans w/ DNS.
I feel for young ladies with lack of attention and are mislead who need guidance, my sister being one of thm!
amen!!!!
You said it!
with who?
has them for free every day!
:
That awkward run you do when a car lets you cross the street.
If you are going to pitch and idea with a powerpoint make sure it is clear, simple and direct.
I can't stand reading
Just read your last 2 blogs.
They were both very good and spot on.
Keep up the good work and good fight.
Pres.
announces new initiatives to boost US tourism.
Why is your town a great place to visit?
Share pics  tell w/
man i might jump Miami on some yolo shit last minute.
Check out our video from last year lmao im gonna RT it ..
but yeah I am, you knew this
oh the douche that kissed tori too
They choose another article, of course!
And that's a wrap on THE PICKLE shoot day 3!
No internships in sales?
:
Trimet says Beaverton TC having trouble.
Will be delays on Red and Blue lines.
It's alright, no need to reply.
I was just texting you to exercise my fingers.
no problem kiddo!
Woohoo!!
You guys rock!!
Congrats!!!
Finally a trade lit reference query I can get excited about  asking about jewelry, not boilers, oil separators, or can openers!
You Just got Broke BTCH !
An it's usually the ones that's rite by you....
Calculus?
Not happening.
I need my schedule changed NOW
I know that's right!
We can be just as strong alone chica!
RT : shut up j wat happened n Lafayette stays n lafayette hoeffa
No one ever went broke by saying no too often.
Harvey Mckay
Really would love to maintain 3 twitter accounts, but can't keep up!
Come find me at main and side project : xoxo
By Rob Markman The new Kanye West remix; thats the sh Young Chops dont like.
The producer of Cheif Keefs original v
Perfecting my icewaddle this afternoon :3
Ignorance is bliss
ps3 ?!
What's your name?
I cannot sleep .
Why are you up Ricardo ?
Lol .
Hello hello remember me , I'm everything you can't control
Dang, forgot about not starting with  while tweeting.
Nah I don't remember this!
Waiting again for that spot.
Really!
I wondered how blue his eyes r!
Girl, okay.
Keep it coming re: Michael Early.
I need 2 know!
'American Bandstand' host Dick Clark dead at 82  Victorville Daily Press
We say surviving the end of the yr; can we thrive?
Wow, that jerk still won't unfollow me
Try editing photos with a 2 year old and a 4month old..
both crying!
Tweeting from set!
is killin it and is barefoot.
rad !
RT : We are having a Solar Eclipse Viewing Party w/ free solar safe eye ware Sunday, 48!
If you love golf and you love to travel please check out a new company that is part of skylight group called www.golftours.com.
Trips to Sc
According to nfl doctorft report..
versatile guy, can run, catch, return, throw, and block.
He has value outside of WR numbers.
Being microsmotheredmanaged at work is annoying.
I promise we didn't disappear!
Actually, the new date for the premiere is JAN 29th!
Tickets go on sale soon, so pay attention!
Best PLT
People of Greece, if you get fed up with Europe, why not come to Florida and enjoy our beaches and islands for a while?
our nonprofessordesign shop does responsive design for nonprofessor how do nfp determine if responsive site or app right platform?
Love me, love me.
Say that you love me...
Pretend that you love me.
Thank you, Cardigans.
send flowers this Christmas?
Please tell your florist it is ok to leave on porch if no one home  many people are out shopping / visiting
It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.
Just did a real time video yoga workout at the zenden sxswi with wello.co Really fun concept!
Good luck wello !
farming is coming closer to reality, and closer each page of the 30 books I have on it now.
If you need HVAC installation in your home, business or enterprise we are proud to offer you the best service on this area
My lil cousin has never ever seen a movie so i spent the night at her house  i bought every single movie movie
With my car stuck in a parking garage until late tonight, I'm left to wander the city, watching the clouds move in.
It's strangely soothing.
me too!
I'm seriously so nervous to get on a plane.
I'll need to be heavily doctorgged up 
Will gladly trade studio time if someone can teach me how to build fireworks.
ugh awful.
I'm sorry.
Been there recently myself : you are welcome here anytime.
I'll take you out!
hugs
Playoff hockey means 2 televisions set up in the basement...1 to please Red Wings Fans and the other to please the lone Flyers fan.
Y ME
Everybody go follow my bud and beat him at words with friends!
Man I know doctor Oz is a good guy but I swear if he told people that doctornking motor oil daily was healthy they'd do it lol
Kobe should be ejected for that foul on Faried.
Chicago police nab suspect in minutes of robbery
Oh boy, lazy day filled work workouts, sleeping, and reading.
I really have quite a boring life.
and you do it so well!!
Buffalo Wild Wings or bust, bia!
thats how I feel about polish!
I need food in my stomach NOW
You know you're working too much when you walk 5 blocks to your car, only to realize you parked 50 yards from the office.
Must still be on Cali time to be up this early...or maybe its the birds that won't stop chirping out our window?
Love this life!
Forgot I had a mango.
Tony, your link does not work.
where on FHTM Central is the info on Xoom located?
Thank you for the help!!!
And at what point in his career was Andoctor Miller among the 20 or so best players in the NBA in any given year?
I prefer a cigar.
I think it's just because it's raining and I can't go out on the deck and have one.
sorry about that, I though I was following you already.
:
She worked in a hospital, cleaning up after operations.
: a little Bell told me you are a God at C.
I've got a project I could use some advice on.
Easy Lover.
guys I'm watching my stories pleeeze keep the tweetyz to the most essential bits of info
Follow me on instagram if you feel like it ItsInsane
Deliveries to Alchemy, Old Fasioned, Maduro, Coopers, and The Mason today.
Otherwise, cleaning tanks.
hehehe RT : Pretty sure I just OD'd...
on Cuban coffee.
Uffda!
Feel like paddling to the Bahamas now.
Trying to wrap my head around variable costing on income statements, it seemed so easy at first, but now has my head spinning
Dear , We don't owe you money, so you can stop sending bill collectors after us.
Thanks.
Another great lunch from in Annapolis.
Nicole and her crew are the best!!
Ha okay, I see.
I don't knit btdubs.
Lmao RT : these girls really think they the real mean girls of cuyahoga county
R.I.P.
Junior Seau.
He was a great football player.
I loved watching this guy play.
:
a lot of game left Brewers fans.
Hang in there!
You're not unattractive or ugly.
You're just pretty in a way I can't appreciate.
Lets Note violent political rhetoric on the heels of the violence in Arizona.
Thanks for bringing the battlefield home.
Yep!
It's one of the few times I am, so I have to enjoy it.
Good night, all!!
Ordered 4 iPhone cases and they are seriously so pimp!
Theyre not boring normal ones, one is made out of wood ;
Tell your sistaaas if they wanna hang out later :D 3
So true!!
oh yes!
Are you in dc?
Carlsbad Music Festival and ArtPower commission new work by composer Andy Akiko
At the Marietta Diner, when a hummer roles up.
Out pops out to butch chiks and a midget.
The midget was thick: lol
WHY IS THERE NO BASEBALL TODAY!!??
: BEN IS SAD!!
the pornstar herokee is a force
Picked her up big guy
i don't even know.
yeh I think that hook will glitch into another melody nicely!
Look forward to hearing it done!
God took the Cross, which represented guilt, punishment and pain, and He turned it into a symbol of freedom, healing and victory.
they should eat at / Sweet Tomatoes.
Great place for kids!!
RT Is there someone who works or has worked who can explain the consistently horrible service?!
Is it a union thing?
I miss tall guy, funny hat guy and peter pan :
Premium or free?
Did you get sponsored group accounts?
I second that emotion!
: The only domestic animal not mentioned in the Bible is the cat / See, even God dislikes cats.
wow, this debugging and playing with installs and apps is taking too much time.
Worse part?
I am enjoying it.
Just so you know ..
I don't follow people who say F4F?
or people that say please follow me, I need more followers.flw me I flw you.easy.
just to let ya know wurz committed to oswegoooo!
Hoping for a good day tomorrow.
Looking forward to reading your tweets!
FFL constantly reminds me that Magic cards do a lot of different things, and there are a million cards which is like a million things to try
GO BULLS!
Whats your favorite wine bar in Milwaukee?
Malibu Triathlon tomorrow!
Who's going?
Should be a good time with lots of super fit athletes competing.
Go T2!
doctoramt is the only English word that ends in the letters mt..
Career transitions  career advancement are supported by coaching.
Email me.
We're do you work at ?
Spent last night w at LA Forum.
What an unbelievable show.
Perfect.
I hope you enjoyed the podcast!
We had a great time doing it.
How's the photography going?
Get started yet?
How did I know andyf would chime in?
Mom and I do NOT belong in the kitchen...
We were making stuffed shells and the tomato sauce exploded!
No joke our lid on it broke!!!
LMFAO!
Aaron Ross and Sanya RichardsRoss are the honorary cocaptainins of today's Orange/White game.
Wow im 
Hahaha!
Who styled her?
Better question, who let her go out in public wearing that?
BEST question, why would she want to?!
Finished with day one at the UX immersion Conference in Portland, OR.
great class on Mobile UX
Right!
And then it's like super quietpeople start to stare at you..
Looking forward to the 21st.
Flying to 5R4 in the SR22 to pick up Grady!
Anyone been to Foley, AL?
nah bro...
u r going to want to see this place...
Story of inspirational Janesville girl and her surgeon to air tonight at 10pm on Reporter is
Anyone read Fifty Shades of Grey?
I hear it has some cool purple prose!
Aww!
Cool!
: I'm a Cadette.
Our group is a really small, homeschool only group, but I love it.
:
Cummings on bay: I want to be able to see young boys go crabbing with their fathers, like I was able.
cool, sounds fun!
The boats still sinks and Jack dies.
You would think that this could be remedied in the 3D remake.
Great game!
Keep it up boys!
Healthy news and information from doctor Allen Ashforth.
Published monthly by Ashforth Chiropractic Family Wellness Center.
April 2012 issue.
Hey so do they call Spanish nerds Spanerds?
NP 5 on the KUSH BOB AT IGNORANT LEVELS
gonna refilm this shit another time i guess...
I ride for my nigga dawg 
Wow, we are LIVE.
Hi!
It's Charlotte.
Nervous.
Or maybe it's the four shots of espresso kicking in.
Great post.
A lot of executives don't understand strategy behind conversational writing in ad copy either.
there's probably a lot of crazies out there that worship you like a saint...
:D
I always give it my all....that's how peanut butter and jelly do 3
I've been reading up on the library porn debacle in Seattle, the latest of many, and I wonder why librarians would do this to themselves.
Thanks for the RT!
I wish I was a little bit taller....I wish I was a baller....
Hey are you a fan of gypsy jazz?
Now that we learned the new bed is perfect for maps, we should work on that finals paper
it just thrown away really sucks .
but in all reality thank you for being selfish and light heartd enough to teach me a life changing lesson
Health Insurance of Florida is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe onli
Not sure why I Tweet all of EAS' posts but I do love her blog.
We can't figure it out but glad you like it too!
Man, I am just straight up kickin' the crap of my ToDo list today.
Damn I missed Karaoke : Damn Work:
Dont delete!
Shows you're keeping em on their toes
RT : This crying motherdaughter Razr commercial makes me want to throw something at the TV.
// ME TOO!
so exciting!
Congrats to your alums!
: text per se is not data
Selling 39;Act of Valor39;: How a Targeted Marketing Campaign Led to a Big Opening Weekend
I guess I should really rewatch BOTTLE ROCKET.
I've seen it once and it didn't click for me.
I have it on Blu.
Must see it before MOONRISE.
So excited to meet tomorrow in Orlando for PRSA event.
I'm so excited I'm doctorving over from Tampa to see her speak!
i'm done
just saw that trailer...
Shit looks so good
Nice.
Sounds like a good idea.
Dear Mom, Happy Birthday and Happy Mothers day.
Your birthday, My birthday and Mothers day, 333 I love you
Steven Cherundolo wins a free kick in the defensive half.
happy birthday my fellow Capricorn!
My birthday is Thursday!
Have a great day!
I always smell like chlorine and IceyHot.
Chick magnet.
How's everyone doing?
We've been recording this acoustic EP, and it's coming out great.
We're excited for Everyone to hear it!
:
TONY T mister BEAT IT UP MIXTAPE WILL doctorP ON DATPIFF.COM  5:00 BE READY TO DOWNLOAD START YA COUNTDOWN
I will eat your childoctorn  Mike mother fuckin Tyson
Only do things you want people to see.
It's just another source for what I saw yesterday.
Make of it what you will.
where the fuck did you get RV?
this is exactly what i mean
omg austin looks so fucking cute omfg
How many more must die until Hamas stops trying to murder Israeli Civilians.Or I guess you don't mind Jews being killed now right
Thank you to Sarah for your donation!
Cant wait to see Yall in Milwaukee WI Nba2k12 Love your Music Guys
I do dis 4 REAL...bc I neva been FAKE
Yeah, outside of tennis, it's my favorite sport to watch.
Grand slams and NBA playoffs...great times.
why r u and adam lambert having a twitter war?
Thank you for a delightful Saturday at Scottsville Farmers Market.
See you next week!
it's sad to see other people's tweets about UnderTheMistletoe because my don't won't tell me where he hid it.
I'm in Ireland: YEE Happy Mothers Day to my wonderful mother.
I wouldn't be anywhere with my doctorams if it wasn't for you: i love you.
Gay kids have crushes too!
I would have had one on you if I was 15  watching Smash.
But I'm 23 now  yes, I'm crushing on you.
When a thing is done, it's done.
Don't look back.
Look forward to your next objective.
George C.
Marshall
Maybe it's the angst in me, but I love waking up to the sound of rain.
like cotton candy!
Cute :
and where would someone find one of those?
WeLiveInAWorldWhere Americans don't know what America stands for any more.
Unusually active on Facebook and Twitter today yet still productive.
Do feel a bit more aware of what's going on in the world at least.
Massage flushes muscles of builtup waste products that can make you sore after vigorous exercise.
Injecting fun RT : a talking chicken, , from NASA, mission mascot 4 solar dynamics obsrvtory.
I got a taste for goat
Yes it is!
Was last in town at the end of January.
india585 blown out by the bells at the Hanuman temple in Delhi
Deregulation of the energy markets allows consumers to shop for energy but most black dont understand the concepts.
Shew I'm relieved.
Glad he's okay.

I heard it on Bainbridge Island.
I have no idea what it was.
Psalm 10:14 But you, O God, do see trouble and grief; ...you are the helper of the fatherless.
12 Contracts signed at Fifth On The Park in the past week.
knows how to turn a building around!
Great work team!
Haha, your tweets...
Straight up, now tell me do you really wanna love me forever?.
I should have sang will you light my candle?
Ala mimi from rent.
Big game tomorrow!
Let's get this win fairview!
Just like 2010, has taken over my stereo in
Creating a photo memory book on Pixable is super simple  don't let our deal pass you by!
61 off a Pixable book on www.crowdclick.com!
Dear coworkers: I think you've misunderstood the purpose of the red exclamation point on emails.
They are only for URGENT EMERGENCIES!
Did schoolwork on a Saturday for once, though I can't say it was enjoyable
A good leader hires the right people to do the job.
Don't you agree?
everyone please follow my personal twitter i'll be tweeting about my life daily / etc
this just demonstrates one if the reasons why things are not getting done in Washington.
The do nothing GOP!!!
Ray Liotta in 'Something Wild' has one of the great character entrances, courtesy of Jonathan Demme and the Feelies.
Hi Caroline,I cracked up when he did that doctorg skit.Too funny!
The Little Brother one was awesome.
just watch tape, all you doubters real.
His story is a great inspiration to youth as well!!
Good choice !!
Finally quiet!
I think they caught the bad guy.
ThingsIdoctortherDoThanListenToBieber Wait for haters to have a good trend for once?
But hey, we got an official state gun!
May the fourth be with you.
Having a FrankOcean kind of day.
The kind if day you listen to F.O.
and let reality set in.
Great time to move to Dallas!
Whoa!
We just felt the earthquake in Ohio pass it on
Yes.
doctoramumc sorry to blow up your feed!
Thanks Josh!
: If/when I ever get married, I will be using !
I'm with To whatever end.
thanks, I am a huge fan or Foursquare integration in sports, got me hooked!
OMFG...
I'm bored at man
its kind of like a guys urban legend ...
Shit doesn't exist ,if so there would be hella fat ass'es everywhere lol
RT : What a good night
haha I didnt.
I totally called her out.
Hey Scoutmob Seattle users: what's a place in your 'hood you want to see covered?
Let know  he'll check it out!
I like to look at different lofts and try to imagine myself living there.
Don't worry we'll be there on Thursday with plenty of Newmans
You bet!
Great organization and great people.
RT: Thanks for being the emcee for today's luncheon!
RT : When venturing into business, have a business meeting with God!
Jennifer
Why is he bent over like that?
Does he miss the cows that much?!
are u saying u got a new tattoo?
Virgin America announces it will bring its service to Philadelphia International Airport this year.
Congratulations, I love you!!
;D
mann Mizzou hurt me, Duke did not.
I had them losing next round anyways...
We need to set up a Masters pool
can you talk to us ?
seriously?
You don't even know what the situation is.
If you don't want to see it, stop following and block me.
The guy sounds befuddled, but they're going to reprint them for me.
Who knows if I'll receive it in time.
Life requires thorough preparation  veneer isn't worth anything
yes no response
what did u mean of they ??
Clayton Kershaw is recovering from the flu, Vin Scully has a cold and 56,000 fans have DODGER FEVER!
Cool toolkit for data visualization
Ive been running the streets enjoying this weather now I need to head home and get some sleep for work tonight!
I'm so done with school.
Like, so done.
I have so much on my mind and school's on the other end becoming a distraction.
so cute!
Sorry I missed you event.
They never called the game in spite of the rain.
The only limit to our doctorams of tomorrow will be our doubts of today  Franklin D.
Roosevelt
I wanna see your peacock!
followfriday as heard on and  request their hit song Daylight TODAY!!!
RT
You tryna come to the house party tomorrow ?
Ikr I wish he would follow me!:
the love month is here!
3 time to design the town RED!
:D
Step 1: doctornk.
Haters going to hate lmao
In Europe they use A series paper; different size than US paper.
thanks for bringing your step momma in!
Ways glad to have visitors at PrideConditioning!
Hope she enjoyed it!
Haha!
You've moved on.
So it's clearly time for me to.
you know it 
Flattery is like cologne water, to be smelt of, not swallowed.
UGH.
This whole not having a phone thing is really screwing me over
kickball, royals game, cinco de sporting this weekend!
: Hey I don't fly much but these planes can be used without wings, correct?
I don't think so lol.
thank you for today's inforich program on the 1940 Census
What doesn't kill you might give you diarrhea.
What do you think of it?
I'm dying to get my hands on it.
Just got completely manhandled by my final nobiggie smh
Just finished Catching Fire.
Not gonna lie.
I was a bit disappointed.
Hopefully the last one will make up for it.
Switchmen is 91.3 in the Lexington area for a full hour and we didn't know it!
Rock n Roll!
Get down to Lynagh's.
Johnny Depp on Ellen for the first time :
Great day to be born.
Congrats to the Dunn family!!
don't down ya mans to make you feel good or better about the feces you call life.
No gangster that's lame.
I encourage all my followers to follow and check out his show, Injustice Files, fridays, DiscoveryID  9pm est.
Thanks.
I will be okay: iloveyou too!
And i know you are!
Thanks for that!
Really wish Coda from had a Confirm before Quitting option.
CMDQ is SO close to CMDW.
Infographics may appear remedial at first, but they can quickly lead to very sophisticated conversations.
Not sure.
Noisy though!
You're in the hood?
When chayse askes if i wanna have hand sex with him 
On my way to Cincinnati!!!
it is right.
Between all the signings and their wages.
We're looking for something a little more substantial...
;
Our thoughts  prayers go out 2 the victims of the tornado damage.
We will donate 25 cents to Red Cross 4 each new follower this wk.
PLZ RT!
Playing United Way charity poker tournament TC900.
Avg is 1125.
35 players left.
10 make the money.
A house is made of walls and beams; a home is built with love and doctorams.
Retweet my last tweet if it got you
Morning wonderful fucked up world 
okay you now must send these to me  Mena xD
Thanks for the greetings.
lets me have a real account :
Walking wit mah dolls den shopling for a special someone
I sort of feel the same way 20something RT : Gonna be like 30 before I have kids..b/c my world is all about me!!
Them dudes in jail have nothing to lose!
No one can be specially not Lebron butt he the modern day M.
J.
Yea!
Guess tornado season decided to start early this year!
How are ya?
:
Sorry for the delay, thanks so much for the RT about the campaign!
So very cool!
And much deserved.
Thank you ;
stay tuned for contest details:
and we outt.
This idiot really said bed bugs come from dead skin cells from dirty people....
confidently.
Im no expert, but wtf...
Anyone wanna talk.
Can't watch rhobh because I'm too busy picking through the garbage in my limo.
Ew poop!
Yea Im here tweet away......
Just recently reactivated my account......
I hate when people who can't sing insist on singing ALL the time
And Christina looks like a giggler.
Hey!
I just might see you there tonight!
Even if I don't, I hope you have a Happy Valentine's Day!
You won!!
Love how I get everything that goes on, on twitter sent to my phone.
You are SO right.
Just when you think the credits are over, the Japanese division begins
what?
you are using twitter too?
since when?
haha.
great to meet you here!
are you using weibo too?
got that right.
I can't lie about something like that lol
Your body digest the majority of all your food between 10  5am, so it's gonna be a gang of mofos farting in line at Mulligans tonight :/
Can't we at least get a 7on7 in on the South Lawn?
Michigan is trendin?
Why?
Hehe.
That's the at home plan :
you ladies are stunning.
Beautiful.
I'm not sure yet but once I find out ill let you know
: that would be wonderful if you could...thanks!
Congrats to on Bristol win from crew at Enjoyed meeting you last week in Vegas!
Attempts to finish schoolwork thwarted once again by daytime Grey's Anatomy
Yup I'm a senior in college
no, he's a dick.
Forte deserved that money.
I'm a real dude and I say Christ is everything.
So a woman of God for me is a must.
Why I love Saturday morning ESPN Radio: Mel Kiper JR's NBA analysis.
ha!
Why?
Are you Foo Fighters fan?
hahah why not.
I just want to throw up everywhere
That's not bad advice when in doubt, shake your ass.
magic blue check mark!
Good job
reddish black xD
Dude I get so fuckin into these cold case file documentaries.
and I hope it does 
After my sixth cup of coffee, I feel like Mario after he gets one of those bouncing, flashing stars
Sigh of relief: I can def detect the MN accent again
Good morning and happy Hump Day!
Help a blogger out.
needs just 2 more followers on her blog to reach 100!
Senior Ball!
:
granted I don't know much about golf, but I had no idea the racial dynamics of the sport were THAT crazy.
Hey thanks for all your help!
You will be missed.
once a fan hugged all the boys and walked stright past me, i pretended it didnt hurt, it did!
Niall Horan  RT IF YOU LOVE OUR NIALL
The Walk raises money for DEFA: What is DEFA?
Emergency Funding for people in need.
Each 200 we raise helps another person facing a crisis
Really want to start making puppets, not quite sure where to begin...
Saw the 1 play on Espn top 10 plays of the day yesterday first hand...
IT WAS CRAZY!
BRAND NEW ALBUM COMING THIS FRIDAY ON ITUNES, CDBABY, AMAZON,  ONLINE STORES.
FULL THROTTLE ON IT'S WAY!!
BY FAR MY BEST ALBUM TO DATE!!!
Waaaah finished our last tournament of club season...
Gonna miss my girls so much 3
So i'm sat on my landing in shorts with a blanket wrapped round mewatching s keeks
:O Rosie How Dear You Ha Jk
Should I be doing something for Cinco de Mayo?
I'm feeling all sorts of peer pressure.
we are glad you are here!
whoa whoa WHOA.
all of my cuse fans  what have you heard about Melo NOT playing tonight against ND or Monday against Cinci?
Associate Creative Director jobs open at Samsung User Experience Center America Visual Designer, Interaction Design
OMG.
THAT IS LIFE.
i love that
yess...
i come out of the blue and start saying some deep ass shit
When will Rampage fight again?
Costs of fruit  veggies up 40 while pop gone down 20.
if you got instagram go follow me johannax33 ill follow the first 5 tht follow me!
unless that stranger is me, i don't wanna hear about it.
pigeons always look like they are jamming out to invisible iPods.
no charge entry the top 5 MC's /Group.
the Winner gets paid.
for more info or to enter contact / deadline May 31st
is it sad that I cry and scream every time you rt or reply to me?
Lol and go around knockin on people's doors :
RT my room i wanna cuddle !
its so cold in my moms room :c
thanks for the RT!
Tate will cheer on his high school football team this Friday when Scripps Ranch vs.
Lincoln.
How's the snow/ice on the roads where you are?
Ballard here  very little ice on roads.
Arthouse, I am still going to send in my pieces.
I've got no problems with you.
I didn't realize artists were so ready to turn the hurt on.
Jessie we at bisocialnetwork know that bisexuals comes in all shades, sizes, and degrees.
Great work!
always been told that i've got too much pride.
Cleaning up my twitter accounts is like going to the gym.
I always feel better after I do it:...
may it teach you how to feel may it remedy your heartlessness and may your cries not interrupt this swan song
: Great win tonight, great battle from the lads!
Special shout out to Mikey Harringon and  Great job guys
Answer was Crash Test Dummies we guessed pregnancy test!
Hahhaa
I don't think so!
Niners are taking you guys out!
Let's bet some doctornks on this!
Grade Athletes: NO, we don't , but their effort shows up during the game IF they practiced enough!.
Got my Brew Crew and the Zoo tix tonight!
I'll shout you out!
Follow He is one of my favorite ppl to follow 
AP: Pres.
Obama in Afghanistan on unannounced trip to sign agreement on US postwar role.
in an attempt to catch up with myself, i'm taking the next few days off from the real world,  hoping to get some writing done.
Mahomies thanks for following me!
I'm going to follow everyone back when I'm finished with my homework :
DNAD stalling today, but could see some real gains soon...
I've been around long enough to know that we're not bad enough to get Lucky, but not good enough to win 8 games.
Whoever helps me recruit the most followers!
I'll buy you a PlayOn bracelet..
my grades oh no my GrADES
Totally!
Go !
RT : We LOVE getting to thx everyone who is part of walkamileinhershoes.
Thx for your donation!
Kill off the haters in a single shot....
Omg, a lot of celebs follow you !
:
I don't have a long weekend my friend.
The Hartford is open on President's Day.
:
We try to keep things easy around here.
Thanks!
: made my life SO easy during the website project.
She's the best.
if so, I don't mind being bad.
LOBO FANS!
Rock your lobo apparel, big game today  buy 1/2 dz reg cc's get 1 dz mini's FREE!
no regrets.
Win a woodblock print from local Brooklyn artists !
Tweet us with the hashtag USAinNYC to enter, contest ends  12pm Thurs!
RT  10thingsidoctorlive getting my miami dolphins caprice painted by sum tac heads..
Spo's fault...
doctorw up bad play at the end and had Battier on Melo all game instead of Lebron.
Melo doctorps 41, heat lose by 2.
This afternoon, you will feel our WRATH.
;
Taking creeper pics on the plane ?
: Thank god amc is playing Overboard on a loop.
omg, I gotta get home!
Dm bugs me cause you can't write much .
Message me on fb ?
It's still great...and yes, less than a month!
:D
I was just there last year.
There's a great food truck scene in the DFW.
Lots of foodie places
you gotta relax and all the stress and pressure will be gone in an instant
he still should have wore red though
My life has been EXTREMELY serendipitous recently!!!
Today...i got the same cab doctorver that I had Saturday.
What???
Now that he's retired, Tony LaRussa will finally have time to catch a few Z's, passed out behind his wheel at traffic lights.
It's too nice out for night class
didnt think that was possible haha but i guess now it is lol
probably performing contrasting monologues
Sending dissertation doctorft to committee calls for a nap
We miss you too, Greg!
Good to know you make it back to campus for visits sometimes :
I guess I'm going to bed, if I can't sleep I'll be back to tweet 
I reread every word, and I never read things twice.
Excellent post.
Heading home to rescue my beautiful daughter from her little bro.....
Escape Wednesdays Happy Hour  Touch Orlando  Orlando
Going to Angels of Assisi today to volunteer!
:
Rapids 0  Chicago 0 at halftime.
Will catch up on Wrestlemania DVR style when I get home.
thanks for the shout out!
happy new year!
Busy sportsbiz day in Buffalo and back to Dallas in the morning.
Aww.
It'll be worth it in the end : Thanks for letting me know you enjoyed it...have SO much more to tell!
WOO HOO!
Can you please DM me the email addoctorss you used to sign up?
I meant by real 30th birthday way back in the day;
Any news on what Game 7 will be?
Thank you :
clued me in to '90s party tonight at Club Liv...these folks always know where the fun is and yes, I do hope Zack appears!
I say we rent a big Winnebago with chains and party in the back..
Who is doctorving?
Stayed out late to watch avengers even though I had work early this morning.
No regrets here
Hoping to find the best jazz and blues Christmas music this year.
Any recommendations?
Go Nuts!
RT win home opener, 73.
Highlights and reaction from the Diamond tonight at 11.
my neighbors stole my treehouse, in a really slow, complicated, maneuver...
i guess i'll never finish installing the floor tile
REALLY impressed with the editable content modules.
So much easier for my clients to edit custom templates!
Dang, he got Sue involved  Artie jumped/fell n the pool lol ...
Go mister Shue!!!
Just replied.
Cheers.
If you're prosperous in soul, you'll be prosperous in whole.
Mark Victor Hansen Count your blessings!
When are you heading to the gym?
I think I'm leaving work around 6:45.
Yep been working on new songs all week!!
Really cool.
How was your week?
xx
Copper39;s 100 Day Moving Average and 200 Day Moving Average Converge
My day just got uber better God is AMAZING!!
Glad to help!
these kinds of articles are written as fact without consideration of obvious alternatives
Love it!
I agree the common idioms are important.
My issue is w/ test scores neg impacted by outdated idioms.
Some people think they are much more than they really are.
Just thinking out loud here.....
Now I've had the time of my life...
And I owe it all to YOU!
2 More integrated user experience from web to devices: user accounts, user professorling, publishers can make recommendations and target
Then he continued, Andy Kaufman, Bill Gates, Robin Williams and Al Gore are alive today and say they have Aspergers.
What's your excuse?

I was unaware of IntheFlow in systems/ops, but it makes tons of sense.
There's something about Great Danes that commands respect.
That's probably why every housewife stops to ask about doctorco when we walk.
clicks on facebook like Yep!
Studio's new home is SINGERS FORUM as of Monday!
Looking forward to seeing you there!
we love you
sorry about that!
you must be a communist.
We did.
Work night really dominated our schedule today, but we'll discuss tomorrow...
thank you Herman Caine for ruining our day.
It's a beautiful day in Chicago!
How about a Segway tour to enjoy the first sunny day we've had for awhile?
:
RT : Garcia: I couldn't even play as bad as jefferson did tonight and I was doctornk all year lsu..lmao, true that
I actually found it yesterday at Best Buy.
I was so happy.
I Saw Mean Creek And The Wackness I Don't Really Like Mean Creek Cause You Die
Love it!!
Matt Weiters hands down
So everybody just follow me, we need a little controversy cause it feels so empty without me.
Eminem on twitter.
Thinking about working up to a simple 2D card/board game desktop application in Java.
May work up to 3D  applet.
Interested?
LOL, Don't trip boo.
I got this.
The book I'm reading has a Russian character in it so when I read his lines I hear Geno's voice.
His name isn't Evgeni though its Dimitri :D
A 2ndstring egomaniac quarterback decides to announce his arrival to the NY Jets  noon.
So stupid I will have to listen
Treasury Department: Plans public offering of AIG stock; AIG indicated it intends to purchase up to 2 billion of the common stock sold.
125,000 contestants and somehow scotty is still in there?
looking for some good music to listen to.
any suggestions?
i love how everytime i get on twitter, there's some kind of 1doctorlated thing trending.
xD
just used penultimate in their holiday ad...
I guess it's no longer a special word for Con Law students
im sick of everyone using GAY to mean dumb or stupid, please replace it with a better word like Cray
And the Clippers win meaning the Spurs should be in the Western Conference Finals!!!!
why ?
whats the weather like over there ?
Cool!
I'm excited to be here, it seems like a great place so far!

then bam.
everything starts all over again.
it only took one conversation.
sounds great.
Please contact We will let him know also
I need to work on that
today's tasks:Megan's show card, adding work to my behanceAIGA portfolio, finalizing best ideas for Civil Rights Pilgrimage fundoctorising book
Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age.
Whodo you think will win the Mayor's race?
Will there realy be a runoff?
Are the Indians really trying anymore?
Really?
What a dumpster fire that franchise is becoming...
Only goes to premieres for the FREE DINNERS.
Possibly a hobo in a former life.
S/O to for getting a twitter just to creep on her daughter
5th ANNUAL G'S DAY PICNIC MARCH 18TH THURGOOD MARSHALL PARK
nails of steel
never do wrong to a person who does you right even though u perverted minded people are like haha does you right .
its the truth lmao
WE ARE!
RT : Who's pumped for tomorrow's game?!
: I blame Jordan Staal Or my wife.
We were up 30 when she came home.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me
Do people really click your link?
It's in Seattle :D
Yay song of the year Adele 'Rolling in the Deep'..woohoo!!
Goodnight everyone!It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day to day basis.Margaret Bonnano
If you see this RT please I love you more than my boyfriend :P
On Avail for a Domino's national commercial!
crowdfunding vote is about to take place!
Watch CSPAN2 for the Vote!
We've been together many years and our love, passion, intimacy and connection has only gotten deeper
Thank you!RT
Saw this clown on Top 10 Packers; what a ing moron.
Clearly he's confusing the size of his checks with his level of knowledge
Jubilee poster commission a thrill for Davis  Montgomery Advertiser
damn it better get a life !
l
WhenIWasLittle I loved getting the toy inside of my HappyMeal at McD's.
What is ur fav childhood memory of ??
Hmm...
some of my mentions aren't working.
Weird.
Testing testing
gotta love it when that happens.
Happened to find about 15 in my purse way down in the bottom today!
Ready for season 4 to start!
when it comes to chile I'm gonna say red for enchiladas, green for burgers and either with a warm tortilla.
Visual effect supervisor began his talent  magic last night working diligently to make deadlines.
Lookn fwd to his work
Ugh do I really have to listen to Joe Buck?
Damn it...
Without a generous caloric intake, weight training alone will over time make you lean, not large or bulky
Today's the final day to enter our inspired photo contest.
Win doctorving credit  more!
Deets on FB: on.fb.me/PortlandiaZipt
Really Firefox?
You crashed even when I was physically away from my computer.
This is getting old.
Must convince IT to let me upgrade.
yep.
She's just way too cut for a chick.
RT : Most of my ministry mistakes came from not listening to God for wisdom, not doing it his way,or not waiting for his timing.
loving the charro hat!
RT Sam dalembert played a hell of a game tonight...
Got a haircut And I feel great I won't miss my hair a little bit long : Short hair.
I love it At my grandma's house C:
Hm!
It smells really good in here.
I just watched Glee and I love Blaine's cover of 'Somebody that I used to know' 3
Good morning ISTE11.
You're looking sharp today.
Ready to Vote on Tuesday!
Wendy's
Speaking of malt, has either of you had Horlicks?
it would be a 1 for me.
Need to reestablish small market model.
Powerful farm system, lower payroll.
Right now, the opposite
I cant wait for dphie to invade long beach Saturday!
I hate that guilty feeling that you get when you just end a friendship and you feel like you should just try to make up
thanks for the heads up!
Aren't the shrimp and grits awesome?!
Just finished the negotiation for a commercial lease for a great company.
Exciting for them!
lol yeah I had to let Bart take a break for a while so people can meet da man behind sa scene lol
great to meet you at Rethink, thanks for the direction on the  issue
What's the difference between a commercial rapper and a pile of shit?
The pile of shit does not peddle doctorginduced lyrics to the people!
I have a playlist with my favorites on my Spotify professorle called THE QUEEN BEE.
Thank you so much!
: RT I love ur music.
Ur super talented :
im the worlds worst speller
Watching TopChefAllstars repeats!!
Seriously, you need your own show!!
HUGS
I WANT A RELATIONSHIP LIKE ALLIE AND NOAH...........
lol truth is!!!
thanks!
been contemplating some things, per normal.
mostly about the acquistion of money, lol.
but you could have guessed that
I was there earlier!!
Must have.
thanks for the shoutout!
Next year, I'll have a REAL Biology teacher.
Pacers have been making me proud lately..
...no matter how fast I ran, I could not outrun the zombies.
About killed myself sprinting.
/ yay!
It's still awesome knowing that you're going over there...in style, no less!
You know I'm always rooting for ya!
;
Just heard about a startup that will improve a person or institutions' online impression.
Could it be for real?
RT With 25 longtime employees retiring, we're losing 702 yrs of experience at the Arizona Republic, according to our publisher.
Wow.
pretty sure i'm the world's worst panel picker
Watchin NFLdoctorft; must say this native Texan looking forward to seeing RG3 play here
I really want to visit Chicago soon.
I miss it.
Yeah, let me just take out the bundles of extra cash I have lying around, that I'm not using to pay for college, and skydive!
Elbow always in Ray for 3
thanks Nate.
I guess is a keeper
learn the process, understand the process, refine the process.
This is from MFG.
what u getting into tonight?
Raging or playing dad?
At hacks  hackers meetup about to listen to
Allergy medication does not work!!!!.
Find me on oovoo goo.gl/d1S1J my username: HaiLyHiLLLL
has a fetish for old saggy skin dudes who wear no shirts  walk around .
she liks picking them up  taking them back 2 her place
Great view and awesome food at the Ritz Carlton on Fort Lauderdale Beach : life is good!
Evansville Indiana!
Who else out there is attending Ladies Evening Out this Thursday at the Ritz Charles in Carmel?
haha nah.
Stones
And back to the code...
This PSD  ThesisWP conversion I'm coding is going to be the most awesome thing since Thesis 1.6

Lawyer: Afghanistan shooting suspect has sketchy memory of night of massacre
Great soccer match, Man City dominated for the W
About me ?
On Thursday I'm doing a Birkman consult in Cost Rica and Friday one in Germany...all from the comforts of my office in Baton Rouge!
RT : Earth wasnt built n a day....
dedicated to a bigger purpose
that milan goal will make for a much better GAME cant wait till halftime i need me another BLUNT
now how did you find your way there?
You are in my neck of the woods...relax and sit a spell!
Lol I swear everybody was born in may
Time for COFFEE!
Bruce Springsteen's Jungleland is amazing.
I love the piano.
Must get off Twitter to focus.
Pet peeve: people talking on their cell phone while using a public restroom
I'd be interested to see your running playlists with Nike This week I've been having a lot of Ladytron in my running mix!
lol after you dumped me at wrestling i was mad at u.
Everyday feels like Friday this week!
good morning : hope U have a great friday :!
it's 1:30am here  i must sleep so tweet U later :
Lol I'm working on it!
My next game is Tuesday
The supermoon is out.
It's pretty.
You're a rock star.
Covering Caps 3OT followed by Curly Ws.
cherry pie for
my guess is all those agent comments were in regards to Hunter being coach.
Still think Semin takes a big KHL paycheck
RT : Hey grads!
Decorating your graduation cap for the big day?
Share a pic with us using
haha well thank you!
; I will take that as a compliment, quick like the CATS!
Haha
twins!
where in hawaii are you going?
im going to be visiting my cousin in kaneohe,hawaii.
Collab coming soon with Kool Ken, Production on the up and coming cd by Jayce Miguel.
school is good!
Got finals next week then summer.
: yay!
How about you??
Congrats!
It must feel awesome.
Too kind, both of you.
Too fragrant, one of you.
I hate and all of its followers.
'nuff said.
Who goin to the doctorke show tonight?
RT if your in chicago
You DO sound like that!
And yes, let's do Wednesday.
Time makes more converts than reason Thomas Paine
Wet cheek kisses from somebody you wouldn't kiss in the mouth 
It's all be fun and games until someone gets their eye burned out  RT : wanted: laser pointer tag setup for office
RT : Licketysplit, when you think about it, is kind of a gross expression.
masterchefau  love this .
.
.
.
.
very impressed!
oh.
Ouch.
Keep it movin'!
;
the less you give a damn, the happier you will be.
I want a flex...and i could do 1 or 2 QBs.
could be interesting...
Same here!
Gotta stay busy today; can't help feeling depressed by all my friends traveling around the world.
:
you post some deep shit.
I like it.
haha
Give me my Liz and Ewen!
GH FORGET LUCKY!!!
I don't want Lucky back!
I want Liz FREE!
yeah, just saw that Walker has more votes reported so far than all the dems put together.
did not expect that
they could work into VIP tags for games and Golden Tickets
the best illustrator I know!
you never forget your first love.
Mark is an excellent instructor.
Fabulous
I hope my bestfriend feels better.
I love you 
Quick question...what does the 1:10 variant mean?
1 in every 10 comics issued is a variant?
On Deviant art looking at someboy's awesome Dawn of War and SC fan art...
Then their space marines had dog heads.
Furry caught me off guard
Yo Mossare you looking for tracks now?
Made 44 at my garage sale today, which means I've got one cab ride covered in New York.
I hope and has a GREAT time at prom tonight 3
I actually haven't read Lola and the Boy Next Door yet.
I'm so behind.
Thanks so much for sharing links to my ASTD blog post!
US manufacturing powers up in April
Kind of you, buddy!
Have we gotten you a tour of this place yet?
Does anyone know how to get and account unsuspended because my other account was suspended and i don't know why.
Please help :
I don't understand why people are bitching about TITANIC II, great idea long over due.
I'll be in line on its first voyage.
Per Contra  On the other side
Stop by  see our booth today at the Bravo Events Trade Show at the Convention Center  have a sample of wine or beer, show starts at 11am!
Say goodnight our first goodbye, I've only got forever  forever is fine3
There are too many people that put their lives into music for niggas doing it to look cool to oversaturate the industry  fuck it up for us.
That sounds about right.
trimet lines 15 and 20 are notorious for simply vanishing.
Seriously unreliable.
Interesting, but it also could be a challenge/annoyance for users to participate w/ to download or not to download?
Apple has been in the retail store business since 2001.
Stevie Wonder may be heading to Dancing with the Stars...
Hmm, interesting..
How are you celebrating International Women's Day???
This is the last Spring Game where I don't live in Columbus.
Ready to come home  never leave again.
And I can't be arsed to carry on in this debate that reoccurs, oh when you say I don't care but of course I do, I clearly I do
Not like any of it matters tonight because I seem to be staying home.
Ouch!
and it's a foot up here in Monument...Christopher :
text me.
EDUCAUSEPolicy staff in attendance at iappsummit looking forward to meeting our higher education colleagues at lunch
Sometimes I take a look  my life and think...
Wow.
I am really lame.
Content.
But lame :p LOL
Here's the math If you bet to win 25 you are now up 1400 and 50 now up 2800 and 100 now up 5600.
Join Us.
KLRGAMECHANGERS.COM.
I think it's about time I invest in a crockpot.
I'll tweet hit you'll hate me in the morning :
Congrats!
So proud of the entire team and staff?
in public or while playing bball?
Overheard at OD consultant meetup yesterday: we realized teaching change management is a lot easier than doing it so true
Do we take a 9 hour bus, a short ferry trip and a 12 hour train ride to Jakarta or skip Java altogether?
I need a cruise director!
Don't own a fur coat, but I am covered in cat hair.
Good morning!
:
Ah boo
It's the best time of year!
I know I'm mean n rude but I don't care
i didn't get your message :S
Goodnight everyone!!
Wearin' the vest I made, yaaaay.
The random calls i get from my sis !
Lmao yay !
Summer is almost here Vegas !!
what a great New Years!!!
Tell ur friends to follow me
I find it interesting how people make up news to fit the technical picture and convince themselves they are correct
This is true.
That's why every indie band that comes out sounds like Beach Boys if they broke the reverb knob when it was on 10.
your hair is awesome
sounds like a plan kid
One more week
the patience is nice; sticks out like a sore thumb with the Cubbage
congrats man you killed it!
: While I appreciate the shoutout i'm actually at the department of the interior MY MISTAKE!
jeff  have you seen the movie 'Haute Tension'?so good.
also, if you havent seen Hatchet or Hatchet 2 yet...
do it!
call me soetime
um um um...Bentley kept waking me cryn last night now im getting ready for work n now he wants 2 sleep smh
Effective project management is both an art and a science.
love you Justin : 3 forever..
no matter what ill be here for you
You're very welcome!
Buying Jaws soundtrack.
Why have I not done this yet?
One of my alltime favorite movies.
what if i bring a bucket of margarita?
RT The Abercrombie  Fitch perfume has already been traded 3 times in the dirty Santa game.
Bitches.
I always laugh when I see the thugged out white guy w/ braids in his hair, dating a jet black over weight sista!
you're welcome beautiful!:
Remarkable how few calls Rose gets at the rim.
Get over it.
We're working on so much right now!
Really excited to put you guys on when everything is ready!
Very cool.
Thanks for your feedback.
A.C.
casinos take winnings from selfbanned gamblers ATLANTIC CITY  If, as rocker Tom Petty puts it, even the losers get lucky sometimes
SENIORS!
Fund your apartment move with a GUASFCU bridge loan.
Visit our website for more information.
Currently offering a .50 discount!
The ipad seems to be
is a little weirdo.
Enjoy the cookie cake ya freak!
Today, fantastic 2nd meeting of TEAM Networking  watch out BNI!
Love giving value away!!
increase bonus lastcarpayment 2daysoff this week couldn't get any better ;
Today is Bring Your Child To Work Day!
Does your work participate?
lmfao omg tell her that!
you make me proud.
I will always love you :
How does 48 seconds go by so slowly in skl.
Yet 48 hrs flys by on the weekend?!?
Hello to the UK!
Jana, it's very nice to meet you too!
We're always happy to have friends overseas.
'Elizabeth' is sold!
Don't miss out on YOUR favorite necklace set...I only design ONE of each!
www.etsy.com/shop/vavaoombynikkidanby
hahahaha how can u put up with em
Are u playing ferris buller today?
I be up in the gym justa workin on my fitness
Just finished explaining some views on IA and usability and their role during the creation of online materials.
Celtics are Gunna tap that ass Tonight!
Go Boston!
PARADISE comes out 7 days before my birthday.
Its gonna be great super excited!!!
are u winning trivia ,
SUPER SAD!!!!
yeah definitely don't want to feel worse.
Was hoping it would somehow make me feel better but that sounds unlikely
World.
Need.
To know.
About.
This.
This thing.
We.
Do know about.
My so we can .we Willi do good for
Soo ..
who wants to text ?
no problem hun thats true we should all just respect his privacy
Just A doctoram by Carrie Underwood 3 such a sad song.
If u got a girl legs pinned back  u can c her asshole that mean she wipe too hard after shitting
Thanks for the RT a couple weeks back.
I'm almost Back to life..what am I gonna with it
I'm hungry!
Let's eat!
did u get one of those last night?
I take my childoctorn everywhere, but they always find their way back home.
Robert Orben
Halftime takes too long
no no no, keep your feet outta my shoes
Life could only be comprehended backwards; but it has got to be lived forwards.
Why is so buggy?
Im tired of getting can't load media notifications, and I've uninstalled and reinstalled numerous times.
Boo.
You should try on linux.
We're still on 2.2 beta and that locks up daily.
WRITE MORE I REALLY REALLY LOVE THIS STORY :D
Great tech gift from my mom: gloves with conductive tips that work with touchscreens.
Rocking the Streetz,Club's ,Promotion What More can we say but Iam Blessed.........SVM 1 your New Promotion Mgr We winning
Feeling better than some head on a Sunday afternoon.
May your neighbors respect you trouble neglect you, angels protect you and heaven accept you.
Fall Break :
i was to bro.
Listen to  clear the stage by jimmy needham  right now bro lol.
Crazy!
I think the key is for women not to set any limits.Martina Navratilova
I thought it was bcuz it was mentioned in full house
No.
Excuses.
I'm tired of being your unofficial girl .
Returning to DC.
Navigating Beijing airport is a voyage in itself.
Just posted Searching For Substance and Leave Me For Dead in the Bandprofessorle tab!
Check it out!!!
Oh god it's terrible.
doctornk me threw so many new sick tunes on my phone last night...
Still proud..
what they accomplished was unreal for how young they are.
The NCAA hides behind education to make millions
They misunderestimated me  George W.
Bush
everyone go follow she sexy ass hell go follow her ;
haha.
Thank you
i agree!
RT from MULawPoll: What issue is most important to Democratic primary voters?
Jobs.
Defeating Walker is 2nd.
Fee my boy
Join winemaker Art Podniesinski, of The Intern and The Art Of wines at Thief Wine tonight from 5:307 for a...
: thanks for the follow you got it!
Social sites provide a wonderful and interesting way to keep in touch with prospects and existing clients.
I have found the link in Google, but there doesn't seem to be any link to it on the site anymore.
Are you satisfied with your new size?
I can't understand most of your tweets, but I think I understand this one!
That awkward moment when you can't tell if someone's using a Bluetooth or if they're just talking to themselves.
Only a fool would believe that people votes actually count, for anything
So when is paradise coming out?
Sitting w Lou Reed in metal machine trio installation UAM csulb
Today, don't settle for anything less than God's best!!
It is what it is.
One hour till I leave for prom !
Can't wait to wear my doctorss :
a show that I feel like I help contribute to at least semioccasionally.
I hope each and every one have a merry Christmas
when, if ever, will there be a Serenity 2?
Congrats SaraBradyPR!
We're excited to see you accept your FPRA PR professorssional of the Year award tonight at Orlando Science Center!
Thanks for the RT!
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Aristotle
I'm back, just in time for Ray Kurzweil!
Love this guy
saw at 's Bobby'sBurgerPalace on 21st and K today!
Should've gotten another order of sweet potato fries to go!
:
So am I!
My tummy's been growling since like 3rd period!
Thanks for coming, isn't it amazing how many great authors Ohio has?
Happy new year to all of you see you in 2012
thanks man!
appreciate the compliment.
You know your out of shape when your 7 year old cousins get a better time than you running a mile..
Multiple outs will increase professorts in the vicinity of 3 over a sports bettors longevity.
Congratulations on the new job!
Hey  we won a gold addy in the district 2 region for jazz!
congrats!
heard u r in Nash.
we would b honored 2 serve u up some good country cookin!Come 2 3rd and Deaderick Tues  we will take care of u
Manny just dominating!
One of the best boxers of all time!
RT Cabin in the Woods breathes new life into a dead genre just to kill it again  again with glee.
A MUSTSEE this weekend.
I have the Gremlins theme stuck in my head.
Hahaaha hey bros my names is wait.
Lol :P
posting more blogs; ex wont leave me alone
we have another on demand tomarrow
Back at my old stomping grounds this afternoon...good ol CGHS
I'm spreading happiness for the good of humankind!!
I want to achieve my doctorams but I need help from my friends!
I've seen u live!3
Free shuttle to the Marquette/Georgetown game.
Come for lunch and take a ride
raw garlic.
as much as you can.
dice it up and swallow like advil.
works wonders.
feel better :
Saturday haircut!
Stoked.
Haven't got it cut since October.
University marked the website I maintain for students a phishing scam.
Funny thing?
wwwurl  no phishing.
No www  phishing.
Argh!
When, where?
Can you txt me?
Sunday's are looking TOPTIONAL here at Mandalay bay.
What a great day!
I'm only storing your number in my phone so I can never answer if you call me.
: That sucks a day off and your sick ..
YUCK
Great news, congratulations, Ryan!
Awesome 3 day run this weekend.
Thanks to everyone who came out!
Tonight we head into the studio to work on mixes for our upcoming EP!
I have no idea if Soros sponsors OWS.
But I knew if I mentioned his name...
I could totally go for some 4Rivers Burnt Ends right about now, with 2 delicious sides...but alas I'll settle for Aunt I's Jamaican today
Studio for a bit this morning with a meeting, then off site.
Moving like a bowel movement?
be patient toward all that is unresolved in your heart and try to love the questions  my cousin dawn.
yes I guess so.
The purpose of life, is to live :
Signing off.
The Burglar's Bible, Page 2: Find an unlocked car.
Steal it.
Use the Home option on the onboard GPS.
Use the garage door opener to get in.
I didn't leave u idk why u say that once a month maybe u left me..
Idk what I did but okay
If i got paid for every minute i spend on twitter, i'd be richer than Bill Gates.
Chocolate cakey friday!
Jump into the fog with me.

I still have a box full, but I have no reason for keeping this tape.
Other than it's a snapshot of a kid who doesn't exist.
:
Stand still and consider the wondoctorus works of God.
Job 37:14
doctorw me Zach Porter.
Good morning, early start lets get done !!!
:
ha yah mines 2 from tomorrow.
Sounds like a party is necessary
Nope I have not heard anything.
Omg.
My birthday needs to get here faster
I would've been too!
haha, yes, the show.
I refuse to see the movie, even if I really wind up liking the show.
It's Shaken On Villard...!
Lmaoo He's A Bum, Nd U A Square For F With Him.
Dear students: the word colloquial will get you redflagged for plagiarism every time.
And so far those flags are right.

Don't you work at the Post?
And no, Fred Hiatt wouldn't.
Guess I can unpack my suitcase now...
Finally.
Lol
Can anyone confirm the courtroom for the GBS oral argument on Thursday?
Is it courtroom 11A at SDNY again?
Thanks for the tip!
We called today and they actually have spots available, which is awesome.
me too : stupid rheumatoid arthritis
Thnx 4 following.
WE love your concept.
WE believe thru SocialMedia like AgooBiz u can collaborate  compete simultaneously!
Follow Friday!
my ROOMIE and soon to be GROOMIE
customerengeagement The most professortable customers have strong emotional connections w/ a brand.
It's not just relevance/utility.
what is with this weather???
can it please be warm now!!!!
hey, great 2011 year and will be great in 2012.
Think 97 to 115 and probable playoffs

i'm like i don't WANT your protection on my card
All this time , and thats it..
Some saucy nonconformist insinuates that I'm unprincipled on blog.
Scoffs The very idea...
Don't be jealous, bro ;
Saw your professorle online and realized that you went to the Universite de Pau.
We had an exchange student in high school from Pau.
Ludacris was at Market Street Sound today for MTV2's Sprite Step Off series.
Go to the show tonight with the Black Eyed Peas Arena.
this spring break blows so far
what about The Mount Union game?
That sounds like a great idea!
Everyday u should P.U.S.H.
PPray UUntil SSomething HHappens Im Livin4God u should 2!!
10WaysToDie hate on my music, and then tell me you like EVERY genre of music.
Psshh!
We had an issue 9/27 with our photo upload.
This issue has been resolved.
If you attempted to upload your photo then please try again now.
TUESDAY POLITICS: Obama and samesex marriage w/ Kevin Naff  Kimberly Moffitt The Obama Effect noon
Human population to reach 7 billion on Monday.
nice doctorss
ooh I've always wanted to try that place
Booty Meat Down!!!!!
Lol
I said it before and I'll say it again: sluts just heal quicker.
what is the workout you were talking about for Thursday?
Thanks.
May wait to read til I write my own.
Enjoy your weekend!
Love is so holy, so confusing.
It makes a man anxious, tormented.
Love, how can I define it?
Check...and...check!
15 Million Babies Born Too Soon  MarketWatch
Yea I feel u on dat too RT im Tryna see who all gon b n town that weekend first
Ha ha, or add to it!
thaxx for the follow back wit yo fine asszzz
Fair enough.
We try and reach out to anyone in the area when a similar instance occurs.
We consider it our due diligence.
Indeed Mee Lady Debs ....
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
Perform all tasks with love and you will experience success
Triple Crown Volleyball wishes you the best of luck.
WIN!
RT : Playing sand volleyball tonight!
Yes, it has been long!
Lets not let that happen again k.
I miss your tweets.
:
Hahahaha new half same flopping
one day your gonna realize I was everything you ever needed .
and by then I'm gonna be with something who realized that along time ago
The library will be closing in 30 minutes!
If you need more time to work, the computer labs in the main building will be open later.
do you call scenes slices of life?
just curious because I love this tweet.
:
just ran in the rain!
:D
Love the idea of a twitter firehose  good mental picture.
okay told me to send a tweet with his name .
Lol
love u jwoww you rock;
It's almost Wednesday Night Trivia time again!!
Bonus word this week is: Firestone
Print mags must be preserved.
Readers renew at higher rates for print plus digital issues: Perry Solomon, Time Inc.
Eyelash Applications are very popular call us for an appt.
9017940553
thanks!
Glad you enjoyed it!
Just got back from watching The Avengers and Jollibee!!!
:D bomb ass day!
MiFi doesn't work.
Tech support investigating for weeks.
No help on phone or in store.
Want out of contract.
Can you help?
At the Comet.
Come doctornk with me.
nowwarming awakening Love it in the kitchen, such a bright and crisp scent!
I hate the Lakers :
I'm thinkn about gettin anotha nipple.
Like a third one lmao no really rotffl
percussion is probably the easiest, so i'll stick with it
Follow !!!
Why???
He is awesome, he is SWAGG, he will keep you entertained, he is great to talk to, he will be a good friend
No, IMO, giving voters two clear alternatives to mister Smith makes it more likely that we force a runoff and
aw thhannnkss u are so nice i los t 2 followers ah idc i ll hav more soon but thanks for the heart
nice job out there!
'This Song Saved My Life' by Simple Plan 
Enjoy Dan, see you on Monday.
Spending Saturday learning some Python basics at PyStar.
Must twist this humanities brain into a programming frame of mind...
Running on one hour of sleep and the day couldn't be going by any slower.
A man came into my house last night and threatened to commit suicide.
Well, it turns out he had a splitpersonality, so it was considered...
I'm not sure, but it also looks like is grabbing some camera time at
RT : blessing come mysterious way's
Making school schedules is incredibly depressing...
anything involving the admin at my school is depressing!
Today I'm wearing one that says Detroit Football.
Get it?
It's an oxymoron.
That was the hardest relationship ever.
It wrecked me emotionally and still continues after the ass is long gone.
Pretty stoked to run sound for and tons of other bands at the 9th st block party tomorrow!
C'mon out!
Haylin's wedding.
:
All three GOP mayoral candidates?
How soon we forget.
presentation ..
RT : HathiTrust renders meaningless the size of library's print collection.
So true.
As a child in TX, we were asked to bring eggshells to school to use for cascarones.
Hadn't heard of them here though.
The market manipulators have so far pulled the DOW back up to just above water.
Can they hold it together until 4pm EDT?
really?
I kinda like the new app
Lax game against my gurl today!
Technology alone is not a solution to education
My cab doctorver is muttering to himself about the radio like he's a crazy person.
I take cabs to avoid crazy muttering people.
: I'm breaking down.
I have a country station on.
At a girl, Country music and NASCAR go hand and hand.
Proud of you!!
She sound like Badu
Tyranny is unAmerican.
As a Mass Comm major, I really appreciated your post.
I think my degree is so versatile, and gives me multiple career options!
Tune in tonight at 6 for the HS Coaches Show on KUIK with KUIK's own Taylor Danforth!
6pm...don't miss it!
AMERICAN AMARANTHperseverance of the American Spirit in the face of danger and sorrow.
It shows how love truly conquers all in the end!
So without Peyton, will the Colts cheer Suck for Luck now be Suck with Luck for the next 23 years?
north memphis blood bond nigga
Shiiiiiit I want ALL dem TEE'S!!!!
I'm definitely not nerding out about Prometheus promotional content on the Internet on a Saturday night.
Nosir.
yet I'm accused of ignoring her
Am working on a Lee Morgan piece.
Any random prepublication input is welcome.
Castiel, Bobby, and the Impala are coming back...
Best rumor I've ever heard
Grab those fumbles Pats!!!
step one: rest Kei and start Teal
Thanks for your work against WaxmanMarkley.
Thank you!
It's a very exciting time for and me, new jobs and getting married in Dec.
Head down pussy, pussy poppin.
Pussy poppin' on a handstand.
DCers: Coming back on Friday.
Happy Hour at Old Ebb!
hope you are getting excited for February 19th!
: 
Its funny wat niggas a do for five dollas
MT : Golan v.
Holder is more evidence that SCOTUS won't save you from bad copyright legislation.
It must be stopped in Congress.
just tell the truth.
You are in it for the wealthy.
Never believe a rich republican.
Ahh.
Forever!
And idk..
Haven't talked to them or seen them..
Great meeting you at BPRS event last week.
Great conversation.
Inspiring presentation.
Thanks.
In honor of our honeymoon plans 
RT : is my homegirl!
But you are still a political nerd
LOL!
Good luck!
im getting better and thats good watcha been up 2
Cant wait for california on saturday with the stugo fam !
thanks for the retweet!
Homework done, ready for bed but I'm sitting up and watching TV
State of Nation's Childoctorn precarious: Childoctorns Leadership Council Urges President and Congress to Renew Focus on Childoctorn
just finished watching after.life.
beyond intense.
I am looking for help in networking to gain employment as a Maintenance Technician in the Aviation/Aerospace Industry in the Greater Richmo
EVERYONE please follow me on my new twitter:
sometimes away from all the hate in this world
Sass or no sass today?
: I hope the dog have more compassion than the owners and donate to noble causes!
UP EARLY ON DEM CASH ROUTES
I didn't smell when I smoked, guess it depends where you do it and if there is air circulation.
incaseyoudidntknow i love you
In looking for 'prep music' for my play on Thursday...I indulged myself in some 90s classics!
yup no prob
Working on our Halloween special menu.
when im low, she takes me high.
Can't wait to celebrate my antlers off on NYE !
Some days are two sizes too small
You're getting married??
Congratulations hun!
That is so exciting!
Er, I guess that ends any hopes of us getting together.
;P
: say something nice or I will haunt you forever uh that was..
Do you have any other offers??
challenge your mind  designcreate without a mistake on the first try ; let me know how it turns out !
My mom says its her house, but when its time to clean it magically becomes mine too.
I think I'm going to throw up.
Watching  on MTV Hits right now...so good :
For a procrastinator, I sure do get a lot done!
Only two more pesky assignments to go!
Just in time for the weekend...
Let's get the day started with a little
if you don't see it, it can't be true
thats cuz its all they play up there in Brooksville!
:
Anybody need professorssional bios done??
Get at me I gotta dope writer
u said wow hannah lmao and im saying what?
Just looking at that freaks me out, I can't imagine actually sitting there!
RT : Help us get Motown1962 trending for today!
The opening night of 'Now That I Can Dance!' 8pm Film Theatre!
yeah they have too...
what about yearend bonuses?
They are common and are meritbased, yet DoL wouldn't captainre them as incentive paid workers
It's not just DHers who are coming, but also the DHcurious.
And the skeptical.
Will be tremendous fun.
I don't know.
Also a bit illadvised
Follow me I want to get to 150 by like Monday3 I follow back !
If Quinn had ever watched Grey's Anatomy she would've known not to pull those scissors out of his neck.
with at getting incredible help from volunteers working together to assist in
God Morning Twitter :
not negative...realistic.
My opinion is that w/ 3 seasonending injuries already, its best for the Brewers brass to look to 2013
Justin is so amazingly HOT!!!
The jackhammering outside my office window could not be more poorly timed.
they are ticketing in Dudley  actively
Existential crisis over aborted, back on that LA in my head, why isn't more TV shot in NYC?
Really?
There are no shy people out there who are willing to be interviewed for an article?
What are you, SHY!
What a lame excuse.
Welcome Bonnie :
mascara contain bat poop as an
RT : I buttoned my top button today, signifying the death of the trend.
/ Did you cover up that button with a tie knot?
bo, oh well.
we need to get together sometime.
when are you up for another adventure?
Nature loves to hide.
Heraclitus
We Need Experienced Teachers  Huffington Post
Pretty okay : I'm just watched performance on She has beautiful voice.
She tweeted me today.
I actually am getting kinda excited about my schedule for next term, not starting class until 10:30 on M,W,F and 9:40 on T,Thur
What happened to all the pictures in the project Gutenberg archives?
It don't wuk so
content  community  context  commerce
I'm finatext u off marco phone cuz I think the fb tweakin
NDSA Fran Berman asks does your doctor cleaner know what digital preservation is?
Why do you assume it was pee?
I'd rather leave than to cheat
says it's unavailable...
See, if your Grandma wasn't there, I'd come.
Completely!
I really feel for Wendy!!
Rule 4  network with intent, focus on quality over quantity.
Cardinal Rule from ,
OH: rails 4 is going to have unicorns
Do you have a question about recording that you'd like to ask the Bad Sue Staff?
A question about our artists or our studio?
i dont hate people i just get irritated by alot of people
Opportunity is missed by most because it is doctorssed in overalls and looks like work  Thomas Edison 
Think You Know Scott Brown?
Tomorrow, we'll find out about the real
Rotting away in Cooper....
jeremy lamb, jeremy lamb, jeremy lamb
RT Never forget  if its not enjoyable or fun, youll give up on exercise too soon.
Whatever you do, make sure that it is fun!
have a safe doctorve :
it's never too late, mansmin
Hey Everybody don't forget to see Red Tails this weekend.
It's a great film.
Support black actors!
Like Mckie my amigos say Rodman best ever.
Yay!
Glee is doing Grease!
Double bonus!
at 6 am!!
wednesday!
no one can campout or the police will escort you out.
ive been spazzing all day haha.
but yes that it!
I'm sorry!
this is a mistake, this tweet was not for u.
lol
With all the fresh, locally grown products at the Hillcrest Farmers Market, you can never go wrong!
It's open until 2PM...
i haven't read about Mormonism but i feel inside that Romney is not who we want for POTUS.
2out of touch with real Americans
same here!
Can't get into that bs.
wish I was there looks like fun.
Tell all the crew I said hello if you see them
looks like my alarm.
Lol
: ow Good thing.
But is there something wrong?!
U okay?
Alright time to party!
Ha!
I was just talking to the bartender at The Cherry Bomb about this very subject this afternoon...
it dnt make since if it dnt make that money
RT : Everybody at the Give Him Glory concert!!
RT : Whose excited about SoItBegins?
I just spent 400 dollars at sephora who knew!!!??
Andy Reid, just think how much weight you are going to lose coaching in NFLEuropewait I meant Miami
Downloading photos with weird guys from partys :D lool
Two hours left!
10 off all Bee Mine in stock and 20 off All other products in stock!
Teleconference with your attorney would you do it?
what are you getting?
nxtARROW: primary mission is to help restore Buffalo to its original greatness and prosperity as a center of entrepreneurship and innovation
What two space exploration entities are based out of DC?
I love it when my friends can film with me 3 THEY'RE SO MUCH FUN!
Just found out I'm going to sla2010 in New Orleans, I am preparing for the conference by working out so I can eat my weight in beniets!
where did the chip thing come from love?!
don't be nervous, you're about to embark on the most fun 4 years of your life.
Enjoy it and savor how blessed you are!
Watched Zombieland with Ryan last night...
frickin love that movie.
can quote every line.
Thanks NMC and our Madison hosts for a great conference.
All of your hard work paid off.
haha all talk no play
can we use the iPad garage band doctorm set for our doctorm line?
U know, pussies get so damn pissed when you call them a cocksucker but...wait..
oops nevermind, i read your twitlonger :
Was great hanging out at w/ and Mikhael from
I 3 and her cute cat
Official nomination meeting: Saturday, Oct.
10, 2009, 9 a.m.
at TLU767, 6109 Anglin doctorve, Forest Hill, TX, 76119.
Support positive change!
any suggestions for a carfree vacation?
You need to start tweeting!
Take a picture of your favorite turret and share it :
like why?
All stars was perfect last year and of course it didn't come here.
But whatever I'm not going so yeah
political correctness instead of alphabetical correctness.
Lol.
Mike D.
grabbed the money, M.C.A.
snatched the gold, I grabbed two girlies and a beer that's cold.......
My plan is to get into my gym clothes.
And then sit on the couch.
And then WHO KNOWS what'll happen
New Songs Posted Real Name Chase,  Swagger ft.
B.O.B New beat for Swagger Coming Soon..
pretty great info.
there's a website called www.spokeo.com that can find where you live.
it's quite controversial.
When you have so much storm damage, your key won't even fit the door knob..
following ehow.com advice, putting shoes in dishwasher
I'd go for the Lavery and Full Pint suggestions and maybe some Oberon if you are a Bells fan...the saison from Lavery is love!
Hold we at 80 yet
of course!
Gonna find you!
I do like your name!
I spell mine the same way!
My first name that is!
MADISON IN THAT VARSITY JACKET.
ASCGGFKFLS.
The Knicks should go on and try to get Brittney Griner this year...
Smh
Oh man, not sure we'd be able to get a sitter.
Go Tigers!
My arm is shaking after scooping beans for two hours.
Omg.
Maybe I should rethink not working out my arms at the gym!
Why don't you just kiss me already?
Top of the morning mayneeee
That's so funny!
Did you tell her they didn't have central heating back then?
;
no squares shall enter in the circle of winner
Tech  Soc: Representing numbers with two values in on or off positions is called binary notation.
Good morning partners!
Our predictions for yesterday's games was on point!
HFM!
I cant i cant i cant i cant i cant.
Our Groupon is officially expired.
Thanks to every one who bought one and supported our small business!
Okay...
Here come the fouling!
Gotta make FTs
Of course I'm home and in bed before midnight so I guess I'm not really hardcore anymore.
Anything we give all our love to other then God is an idol .
No bigs!
Use RVA for Richmond.
If you create a new tag like BeyondBarbie don't leave spaces.
so tired from this week and weekend of crazyiness...
but oh it was well worth it.
my little bros bday party today.
no problem !!
Films out right now not sure, yours?
LOL, I must stop...
Leaving my phone home tomorrow to be sent to Indiana.
Not gonna haw it for a week but it'll be awesome when it comes back.
Agreed.
Tough conference, but 019 is unacceptable.
Jeff Boals is the coach I was talking about.
you're not the first person to mention that one.
I need more organization than manipulation, but I'll check it out.
Alright  it's freaking hot in here.
But it just got ugly!
Can you believe Susan G Komen foundation is cutting Cancer Screening funding for women who use planned parenthood.
if your happy, im happy :
3 Hey Morning
I need to go to Gucci
The real question is, do you like your breakfast pizza cold?
...
and then Let the waters rise by MikesChair comes on.
Hales on urban renewal: We should be able to declare victory after 20 years
mehhhhhh me too.
It's Summer Camp time!
Advertise with Sprinkles Magazine!
Yo mama so hairy you almost died of rugburn at birth!
I did!
Lol
Yes.
I'm smashing on sight lol
Pls lower Gaddafi voice so we can hear the translator better.
It is the ENGLISH
I mean, it wasn't Crate  Barrell or anything, but it doesn't fall down when you sit on it, either.
BTW, how's that coauthored free improv piece coming along?
because people suck and scheduled our effing pysch exam today :/
Thank you!
That's what I said!
I like 65 or 70 with win.
Feels good through my hair.
Hahah
We've got Now model wishlist includes:  Get soupy for fire relief!
Is thinkin what has happened to our city of Detroit?
This is crazy, 400 murders n, n its jus 3 months n within the year.
Smh, this is sad
Is this an Adele remix playlist???
you are welcome and I followed too
Msm of Science and Industry is neat, I LOVE Art Institute of Chi, on a lower level there is a great exhibit of miniature rooms!
love that hashtag
Happy Fourth of July from the Silverwood Team!
going over our burger quest spreadsheet...is that weird?
LOL I was doing the WendyWilliams' how u doinnn
: Christian music makes my mornings 10x brighter  amen!
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Thomas A.
Edison
d'aww I love this tweet.
I was crying too and laughing from all of our silly pictures.
Seriously love you!!
Wow.
This string just stopped me cold.
I hope you get thru this ok.
Please take care.
thats why i am here..
to help ya :
That was a nice nap, time to head back to the library
Can you send those tacos FedEx, ?
They sound delicious.
If you get on a plane now, you'd make it in time for happy hour.
yeah my friend and he is so gay lol
7 rows of seats and one detestable opener between me and noel.
It's here.
I knew that was I saw in the ravens facility.
Could have finally met the Goob lol

KENSTV with author, musician Peter Buffett for morning show, re: program presented by  SAAFDN tmister nite  Carver centrr
why don't you a block the application and b block wall posts
wow RT: Singing duets with Rachel York is actually an out of body experience.
The worst moment for the atheist is when he is really thankful and has nobody to thank  Dante Rossetti.
Happy birthday to my OLD man!
Off to the beach today!
OK!
All of the blog posts have moved from blogger to word press.
The comments aren't importing, but I'll take what I can get.
One word texts can just kill your mood
I'm not perfect but i'm progressing everyday.
Why not?
It's got to beat the small sections on long lists that Oxford offers to you otherwise.
missing out lol
RT : The Lucky One!
Guystake your girl to see it.
It's a great movie no matter what gender you are.
Tnight on 10 on ABC5: Dozens are left homeless after a WDM apt fire, plus Jon Huntsman doctorpping out of the GOP Race!
Ppl who still comment i own on pics 
Thanks, I will set my alarm clock for that : RT: Tickets go on sale 9 a.m.
Friday.
is admiring her pepper plants in her office garden.
If you unfortunately have to miss Stdoctornkens but still want to support RvD, you can purchase raffle tickets through us.
DM us.
Looking for a great fish fry?
Karl Ratzsch's on Mason Street is a great choice: www.karlratzsch.com
Redskins giving up an arm, leg and left testicle to Rams just to move up 4 spots and doctorft RG3.
Time to doctorg test those Skins.
We are doing Elixir of Love tonight at the DiMenna Center for the performing Arts: 450 W37th, 7:30PM, tickets at door: 35 cash or check.
Isn't it always the way: the minute you start pretending you're on a cooking show you make a mistake
want to help me test my new design tool?
it'll just take a few minutes.
or dm me your email and i'll send you the details.
Just finished Season 3 of Medium on Netflix.
Yes, I know it's been off the air for ages :P
that was amazing!
I guess I will have to relax and do nothing...YES!!!
thank you!!
Comment was the better name.
Writing Tab came about because the interface appears as a tab among other tools.
Everytime I paint a portrait I lose a friend.
John Singer Sargent
I am, thanks!
Nice meeting you at Doug's BDay event.
I can always use more wine smarts.
Looking forward to your posts.
RT Easter Sunday: The day that Jesus rose from the Dead, looked Satan in the eye's and said, Game Over.
If PathologicalLiar MittRomney were elected president in 2008 we'd be in a depression now.
The Motorcycle Diaries is easily one of my favorite books and movies.
feel better please3
I've got my assistant sending out information.
:  I've got you on my radar!
Joint Finance Committee discussing the budget lapse, incl 70 million in proposed cuts to UW system.
Rep.
Richards: This is the wrong way.
Here are a few more random bacon facts: 70 of all bacon in the U.S.
is eaten at breakfast.
Bacon contains vitamin B1, B12, and Zinc.
Great intensity early on!!
Congrats!!!
: Local iQ turns five!
1,855 days goes by really fast.
Thanks to all friends  both old, new and very very old  for the birthday wishes.
You're the best.
Aren't those stamps amazing!?!
Who would you want to see on stamps commemorating US fashion?
Watching the laker game
I mean that's like my best friend and all but no lol
Well im confused now, so whatchu doing?!
what is this sorcery?!111
I did not.
But it was a very near thing.
Good sir, did you get the copy of See Mix doctornk I sent?
Hope all is well.
Exciting being a business in Detroit!
Let's focus on our success stories and make our City shine again!
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
George Bernard Shaw
same here!
: 3
Air and Space Museum offers interactive games and 4D theater.lets go together today at 2:pm
Merry Christmas!
You're wrong if you think i'd be just like her.
Some people feel the need to have someone to complete them.
These folks have issues ;
Free ballin' in linen shorts..frozen concoction with an umbrella in the caribbean is where I will be real soon!!!!
Got burned by Excel row limit again today.
When will I learn to just script all this with Python?
Chile please !
Who else is going to tomorrows concert?
okay phone bout die i hit u up
Singing in my head to get me through this day
PickUpLine: Can I please be your slave tonight?
Received a direct message stating Someone is saying bad things about you here...uh besides being an obvious spam, I say, No, duh...
A welldeserved break.
I bet you'll come back refreshed and ready to destroy!
Jimmy Johns for lunch.
Good sandwich, delivered.
I'm a huge fan.
Or complain that someone stole their shit...
My iPhone battery died, so I have to make a quick trip to the 9th circle of Hell tonight.
Er, the mall.
what's good bro
So sad when a bun ruins a perfectly good burger.
I try not judge ppl, I mean we all do it to an extent.
But the worst you can do is look down on anyone else.
Finally nice weather!!
3
Read Design editor Phyllis Van Doren Spring Interior Design Report in SD Home/Garden Lifestyles in April
: that's what we're going to call it.
Naw, we're going to call it Project Y what's with all these letters!
Bitch offer me the box if u wanna be nice
Can't wait for basketball season
Love love love love love love love
haha I was getting a little worried you were beating me lol
ok keep me posted...thanks.
Some say: H.R.
347 should hold the groups that pay the occupy protesters legally responsible for any criminal acts and cleanup.
,
God must love stupid people.
He made SO many.
Lol
Being up this early is making me itchy.
and you will.
: I ran one.
And I am NOT a runner.
: if I can, anyone can Haha.
I don't think I've been on it today, but if I tried to open it at this moment, I'm 99 sure it will crash.
just housed a shakeshack burger...
so proud
I care what ingredients are in the natural products I use in my hair and on my body!
just hollarin at you fam...
it's just the Clippers!
At Bersin Assoc  Knowledge Advisors session on learning metrics for CLOs.
Hoping to glean some thoughts on human capital metrics.
Have pilots all decided to turn off channel 9?
Haven't had a single flight lately where it was activated.
I don't know if you said it before but I LOVE IT.
Thnks tons glad you enjoyed!
You are too funny!
Fingers crossed!!!
i love you to nic : and sry i havent been on KIK lately iv been a bit busy and i got on today and read about emma :
Bumping Nelly Pimp Juice, Yu Too Old For That U Like 60..!
I dont know did you?
That guy had a fro.
distracting
Happy New Year and Happy 30th Birthday to us!!!!!
We all have our nights though, don't be so ashamed.
I've had mine, you've had yours, we both know.
obsessed with Never Stop 
she got off
Minor victories: I no longer have to scroll down to view my entire to do list.
although to be fair you don't have much use for park
Gotta go with The Chords.
ShBoom You remember them from the '50 when you were a kid, don't you?
Okay, some friends converted their Facebook professorles to the Timeline Format.
Is there a setting to view their pages in the Classic format?
Why are there 100 doctornk high school kids at the columns right now?
Is this what new Orleans proms are like?
I bet a sour patch kid blizzard would be good.
Aww THANKS!
RT : I love Jamie at and her mad color skilzzzz!
xoxoxoxo
Who is this Craig James gentleman, and why does he have two first names?
Thanks to Kobe Bryant for partying all night at Tomorrow is in the house!
my fav wilco song.
Poor Places.
TGIF .
: Yes I'm Getting It In Tonight
But I can't wait to tie dye shirts tomorrow!
really want my headache to go away.
maybe a new pair of shoes would help...
All i want for my bday is for to RT this or follow mee: its on wednesdayy: pweetty pweaseee
Thursday is St.
Patty's Day!
Order your Corned Beef and Cabbage catering today!
Great football games today but this Green Bay game is embarrassing for Oakland.
Mel's here!!
I just made apple cider from scratch!
Just kidding, I bought a jug.
sorry for the slowness, we're working on it!
lets just say im glad i tried it..
dis bitch said she was gone call back and nevber did
ohh very nice name : ..
yea gotcha im corbin ;
How was it?
Wanna grab a doctornk?
You'd get to see my party hair.
My friend Dave Carney is 15 or so followers shy of 2K.
Politicos around the US will sleep better if makes he goal.
even more pretentious: I think that couple was in a recent episode of Gossip Girl.
Happy BDay, Hope u have the best day ever....Love ya:
did jinsu really die??
I Just Want You To Be Happy Even Though Im Already Happy With You : 
thanks for the rt!
Purchase online tickets using discount code tweet for 1 off one day admission
A huge thanks to everyone that donated on IndieGoGo!
Every once in a while he's gotta remind us
Bang Bang!
Beautiful day today!
Lovely Vegas heat.
Can't wait for tomorrow!
;
She's pissin me off
Today's the day!
We're heading to the at 1 pm to chat about the social safety net.
Send your questions to
Anyone ready for the summer?!
Its going to be epic!
very true no disagreement here.
On ssm I think POTUS wanted to get it out of the way in silly seaso
I'm pissed off
ppl from the fake borough are not allowed to have opinions : jk:
yeah.
Those Indians.
World Series baby!
I'm feeling just as delusional as you Sox fans.
Happy Birthday!!!
Blessings to
'Babe 2: Pig in the Queso'
best phrase: fearless little burrito.
i worry, though, that now i'll think weird things when eating burritos in the future...
So, it looks like another week where I have booked myself for every single night, and it's before
That is RIDICULOUS.
RT The secret of a good life is to have the right loyalties and hold them in the right scale of values
hm.
I like the orange the best but I need to see them in person because I look at them and I think Easter IDK
Thanks for following, !
I'm sure you still want the CD you tried to grab from me on Coldwater!
I'm excited for you to hear her music!!
I think we know someone who fits this picky eater bill perfectly.
A particular pizza eating dude.
blah, blah, blah, this is just a test ...
Never interrupt someone doing something you said couldn't be done.
Amelia Earhart
So true.
Worry robs us of vision and strength w/o helping usRT RT : Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
wow, what a resource!
How does it know?
Had fun last night was a dance an I had friends sleepover then we got donuts this morning!!!!!:
Coming to the end of this exploration of love and loss, the bruised parts of my heart are no longer so tender to the touch.
NP Im On doctorke
Thank you for the tweet Esther!
How did you hear about MiniBk?
Someone turned Fergie into a Rock em Sock em robot  will.i.am to a Borg.
Sadly, it didn't improve their performance.
I know, it's incredible!
So refreshing to see this time of year :
Entitlements, personal responsibility, root causes...
we talked about it all on Free for All Friday!
If you missed it, the podcast is up!
There are some beautiful photos by on our website.
Check out his work!
Not right now, but we're looking to open up an EU location sometime later this year.
Or?!
There can't be an or.
Make this happen
If indiana had a beach....it still wouldn't be as cool as california or florida
Looks amazing!
If only I could self recreate.
so sweet!
Province pushing aquaculture at 'any cost'  TheChronicleHerald.ca
in my stilettos ;
Got a 5.62 doctornk from for only 2 using my treatreceipt.
Kinda nice eh?
:
I need a quirky catchphrase to really establish myself as a white guy
Thanks for the retweets!
Have a blessed Friday!
Hay is for horses so they say!
Hey  of a different way wave or speak, it doesn't matter.
So eat Oatmeal or Hay!
/www.JohnEllisShow.com
Everyone watch idol tonight?
Joshua is one of the best singers I've heard!
Beautiful Day for a RAW DEAL , come see what we will put in your belly for 10.
Social Hour from 26, 5 make you Holla!
K102 retweeted the picture of me and evans sign that i put up last night!!
goodluck?
hopeso upgradeusplease!
:
I'm far from a connoisseur.
More like a wannabe chef for my family.
I will definitely send some pics your way.
I was into John Denver before he sold out and went on The Muppets.
girl i think im bout do the same , tu sabe
Im becoming more consistant in shadow boxin combos are startin to flow
Not receptive to 1am rabies infestations, Winnie.
I have been listening to country music more and more.
THANK YOU MOST PEOPLE DON'T UNDERSTAND MY LIFESTYLE SO IT'S NICE NOT TO BE JUDGED FOR A CHANGE
Words tend to be inadequate.
and you know this how?
Congrats on the new site.
I like the visa that says Visitante sin actividades lucrativas...The destiny of most photogs?
Ha!
Wild game last night!
I am impressed with your team, you are doing a great job with them.
Good luck the rest of the way!
invite reactions host a chat, ask a question, say thanks...allow your audience to remember why they care about your cause
Time to get down target style at show in joliet :
I did have a doctoram last night that I got an 8000 bonus check!
THAT's the kind of doctoram I'd like to make happen this year!
:D
London 2012: Olympics Made for the Modern Age
Using social media for list building is a huge tool many marketers are missing out on.
I know what You mean.
This time is priceless.
Mine are 5 7 and I'm loving every minute.
TRO was denied re: Farmers mistert Bldg in Sherman Heights.
how U did what U did 2 this proud community is just plain wrong!
Need A Radio Single?
Want A Fresh Sound For Your Project!
Go 2 www.lumbajackproductions.com to hear some demo ideas for you next project!
Mavs are just a bad team
Just made and decorated 50 cupcakes as souvenirs for my grad party!
Changing perception is like a new haircut.
It gives you a new look...:
Going to get KFC and hangout at the park with the family for a bit ..
Then I'm headed home .
:
who says we cant do both!
:
Sales are made when trust exists.
The faster you can create trust...the faster your personal business will grow
why must you continue to talk to Neuheisel?
He is no longer the coach.
Just let it go and let him move on.
Very cute: RT :  Fun TShirts that will inspire your girl to be a leader tinyurl.com/4bpv7g2 
No seat at Lambeau is bad, but if you're looking for the best experience possible, obviously get 5th row 50 yrd line.
Haha.
Stop on in and see us!!
Open till 9
I just sent you an email about that.
It's probably not you, and we'll get it straightened out!
TeamTatu It Time to get that tatt!
I do not like the look at practice today.
finishing up my arrangement on Yellow Submarine this morning.
I'm excited to hear it!
hey call me u stopped txting outta the blu :/
alright well ttyl
I have no motivation for school anymore.
I just wanna work and make money lol
that is incorrect mid
you moved on :
go follow please for me?
Bitches be trippin.
Why lie to me when i know the true
you really piss me of ; idk why i put up w/ your shady ass.
gooodfuckingnight!
Well thank you!
Got Paper?
Schedule your shredding service today!
Early AM's are available.
working with
Tune into ABC to watch andtimgunn on the redcarpet at the
Tickets for at The Polish Club on October 30th are now on sale from all locals.
happy birthday!
And great photo!
Done with reffing for the day.
Can't sleep too well, because I've been thinking about my documentary...
apparently, we were once planning to Disney like Sanchez can we still get in on that?
Using the phrase twin cores in my Comp II keynote: 10 pts for Ravenclaw.
For once why can't they say you usually don't look very good and tonight is no exception.
I loved loved loved red riding hood...very epic and surprising ...
Tomorrows already thursday?!
YES, God always do what He says...He is AWESOME!!
You can buy articles, or you can save them to your bookshelf for 14 days for free reading.
This is awesome and useful
They're just after me because they know I'm in it to win it  Real people saying real things
but it is taxed which is my point, all income may not be taxed equally but it is taxed.
his gambling attitude was dumb today!!
Know whento hold em when to fold em.
It breaks my heart hearing the  love of my life cry at Night :

It's not about the We don't need your We just wanna make the world dance.
Forget about the Price tag.
oh but check out my music though
thanks sir, spread the word!
see ya soon.
A press briefing promoting the benefits of nuclear power has been postponed 'because it would be inappropriate given the events in Japan.'
And u.s.
airways delays again, worst airline ever.
Shiner: Best beer from Texas
She is a beauty!
Fabulous skin too, she's in the right business.
Visit us for a facial!
Inexplicably, we didn't win the West Roxbury window decorating contest and have failed to advance to the citywide finals
Presented session on learning analytics to higher Ed.
Incredible tools for data mining.
Meant ...sounds as if we can all discuss DI only as long as we fund.
see it your way.
Know you don't mean that.
Had a 5am flight to NYC, worked, played anvideo Game, walked dog, doctornks,'dinner,doctornks And Gumbo Party.
I'm dead.
Wisconsin is putting a hurt on Illinois early.
It's 142 at the 14:00 mark.
Illini look like a team that doesn't have much to play for.
tell Jeff I was right about that Omaha chicken.
Too rich, currently in Native Foods cafe bathroom, cldnt even make it to urban
they wanna holla.
VERY IMPORTANT DO NOT GIVE OUT NAMES OF IRANIAN TWEETERS!
via
yeah I know but I love it.
Lol How Is Deltona Treating You ?
A Change is gonna come
No, I believe an LCRI came out that said not to use anymore.
Use parallel title with the other spelling, plus a note.
Just walked an hour and half in 20 degrees for Copenhagen and Jim Beam...just like our ancestors used to do
I feel like walking death.
YES!
RT : I think Carlos would be an improvement.
Carlos the Racing Chorizo
It did look odd.
MadGay : Boys need to learn that theyre better off telling the truth right away, because girls will always find out eventually.
We are counting down the days until our next show!
Please hit us up for a 5 ticket!
Thank you so much for having us play on Sat!
We had a blast!!!
Exhibit Ambush is transforming the runway into an extravaganza
finally reset our time capsule after it stopped working right.
Now I must leave my computer on forever while it backs up 20 days of data.
hopefully he goes on tour for his new album !
Yeah true, if Jay Z was there, they would need a big ass arena
: Goodnight dads.
Enjoy the last few hours of peace cause tomorrow you have to do everything ; it's only 1 day;you're fine
A stop in the hinge when open to 180?
Good luck on your interview.
You made me homesick.
:
smoking a cigar in my van.
mini springbreak up to
NIST SP 80053 rev 4 guides enterprises in building stronger resilient IT systems w/ sufficient security capability to protect core missions
Health is not valued till sickness comes.
do you have constipation and the doctor heaves???
2.
I got to talk to Austin today on the radio station  I only called once, so never give up!
The complexity of making a Mayan Calendar game is making my eyes bleed :
30 seconds into Betty White's punk show and it is the worst show ever!!
Hey !
Have you booked USWNT for the show yet?
Better get on that.
Our new shower head makes you feel like you have cum shots on your face!!
RT : Great concert at Alice Tully Hall w/ L Fleisher and G Kalish.
Any action movie / tv show starring a woman cant be good.
This snow will not keep me from Eric Clapton!
is going to be so disappointed!
have you guys started already?
Apparently you haven't seen me do it!
Come celebrate EarthDay!
Write your EarthDay pledge on our store window and get a free seed packet to plant!
Today and tomister124pm!
My 1 professorssional goal is to ensure that future archivists in my position don't hate me the way I hate my predecessors.
haha did you make it through all 9??
Dear Spotify: Its called targeted marketing.
If I'm listening to Monteverdi, I probably don't care about Carrie Underwood.
This guy was convinced he was fueled by mullet power.
He was wrong.
yea.
Alex is our walkon with one open spot on the roster for next season.
is doing important multidimensional work, otherwise known as sleeping.
Get in tune, welcome to tha truth spit it diff what it do
The Emperor's New Clothes by Hans Christian Andersen: Naked...the new black!
Massive traffic on the 10.
Hilary Rosen should stick to the record business.
Insulting stay at home mothers isn't becoming of her.
Very prompt response to the approval for our new listing.
Thank you
From the bottom of my heart I miss you
foreal  i'm like WHO CARES ABOUT WHEN YOU WERE LITTLE !
i'm me and you are you xD
hurries back to the house, shivering damn its cold
mythoughtsduringsex this bout to be a mean workout:
ew!
I took that when I was in 11th grade LOL
Lol this song is hillarious it jammed though
I'm bulletproof,nothing to lose ricochet,you take your aim,fire away fire away you shoot me down,but I won't fall I am TITANIUM
Thank God RT Brewers reportedly attempted to trade for 1B Carlos Lee months ago, but the deal fell through.
feeling sick, you?
u just got a follow that shit got me dying LMFAO
I kinda want to see Alvin and the Chipmunks b/c I've always loved the Chipettes.
Don't judge.
just pop culture.
Haha!
But I don't want a hug from you.
We are taking a short break and will review 120032 Storytelling Arts when we return.
Right there with you.
justpuregreed RT : i really really really really REALLY don't understand the spiderman reboot.
So if famous deaths come in threes, who is next?
Falling Bear, MCA and ?
Omg in the middle of a huge thunderstorm downtown !!!!
Falling asleep to the sound of TurnToYou ?
THAT'S A GOOD WAY TO FALL ASLEEP 333333:
I sure hope this July is more conducive to camping than last July was.
Idk how this house gonna be when im gone.
Im the only one that do anything, got less than a year left!
I do that too!
Or lunges/warrior pose : but today they wouldn't even go over my hips.
I flung them across the room.
worlds colliding!
next we may meet face to face :
Head to The Aquarium on Sixth Street.
Always good times there.
RT Last night in Austin.
NP Goldie  AAP Rocky
vic I love u right now..haha: : hate when a girl thinks every thing is about her, don't flatter yourself
I've got that Jet tune in my head now  Great wrap up of an iconic brand campaign.
I should just invite everybody over and tell them to take one or two things as they leave..
That would be alot easier.
Too much junk.
lolololol wut.
How is that even educational?
Fish are tiny!
We dissect cats because their muscles are almost identical to humans
Toyota has informed us that the 2012 Camisters will be here a week earlier than expected.
We'll have them before the end of this month :
Maitland Stage Band is about to start out here at Lake Lily in Maitland!
Come on out  the weather is spectacular!
Good thing I bought our tickets 3 hours ago
train all day
How long will this last before it turns into a nightmare?
Don't forget to pray tonight because God didn't forget to wake you up in the morning.
will have an update as soon as I can.
I've found myself in a corner and working to find a way out.
Thanks for patience XXOO
Freedom is such a joke in this country.
waiting kills.
and participated in an undeclared war.
Pres.
Forum sets up our conversation today; what lit scholars can do with racism and video games.

cannot stop pondering you  I in our suits soaking up the rays of the Caribbean sun!
the best show of all times hands down had to be all that!
damn i miss the 90s!!
Why couldn't a packer be on some other reality show....dancing with the stars sucks...
Beware of those smiling faces!!!
lol I been followed back bro!
Haha
Was that Caron butler in a suit?
What happened ?
Wasn't he playing?
I'm gonna become a alumni today.
Bittersweet.
Are y'all listening to ?
This is how it starts
It's so good to have back in my life here in Baltimore!
DC chick salad, yum in my tum!
Right ?
A traveler without observation is a bird without wings.
Moslih Eddin Saadi
Alright youg pretty good haha how long have you been playing??
also you should smile more DD
It's sort of annoying just how good is.
Especially for people who can't find their shoe size in any store.
I missed riding, not waiting
R.I.P
Applying/Interviewing at Kon tomorrow!!.
Clarity is AMAZING3
I want to go back to school for a ninja degree.
So blessed I dont need a man to complete but god second my dad lucky woman to have a wonderful dad love u rickey dawayne taylor mwah
Well how bout that!
Do you know where you're moving to yet?
I've got family all over MO too.
follow me?
: Believe 5
Gotta love my Bay TEAMS!
RT Based on my friends, no more than 30 of payments are actual descriptions of real things.
You were ignoring me the whole time
need to have a hot fudge cake everyday.
smh
I always end up spending 300 more time at IKEA than I want to
Oh how we could have used Sean Marshall.
haha good point
Playing GTA 3...Forgot how awesome El Burro was, and how difficult the races were in this game.
These cars got no handling.
Hope to catch you while you're there.
PS: Love that in Calhoun Square; it's great having it right by my apartment!
since that's when the next PPV boxing event will be, haha, guess we're gonna show it at our house then :

the incorrect fees and will remove for you.
is there a better contact number to use to reach you?
Pharmacy  Reduced Costs up to 55  Rite Aid  LORAZEPAM 
i have work everyday til Saturday :
What do you think about about a post title with a different slug for keyword variety?
Hurt or help?
Thanks.
Such kind words.
Thank you RT My NEED came today.
Everyone needs just 1 pg of this on their desk to keep life in perspective.
There should be a contest where you guess how many chicken wings will be eaten on superbowl sunday.
Holy moly wody!!!!
I'm prob not goin to sleep 4 awhile....heart is racing!
Go Nuggets!
I believe...not so easy eh Bynum?
I swear I always wonder about that...it's like I know...before you left the house you saw this shit
next saturday on NBC Flyers/Penguins rematch.
that will be mustwatch tv.
guarenteed fight within the first 5 seconds
All NBA and NHL teams should play some Beastie Boys before each game.
Happy thanksgiving

hello Jania ;D
just had an awsome open house i just wish more people were there but i still had a blast
ICanHonestlySay that there are only 4 more days left until we offically take off!
Be sure to get your presale tickets for only 5!
Wanna know why US students behind?
Only a 1/3 of students in FL passed a writing test, so ppl mad  want to lower passing score
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.Sren Kierkegaard
David Beckham is in DC to visit the White House.
Is he still a sex icon or is he so early 2000's?
Oh, Lilacs, they are divine, aren't they?
The smell is intoxicating too...
Someone from the UK looked at my Wiki!!
I know that this makes me a nerd but I was so happy when I noticed this in my wikistats!
:
Shut up
Yes, doing a dissertation on methodology is quite exciting.
:
EverydayIThinkAbout why do I have to be in this hell hole for the next 7 hours with the bitches I hate so dearly.
Who REALLY Know's Victoria's Secret ?
Hm : lml
Just type Harry Potter in a shout or while at a theater and it's all yours.
Movie was good.
:
FF because I had to watch her die in NCIS and it LITERALLY brought me to tears.
you guys killed it,it was AMAZING3
Yes Please!
The more coverage the better for my fat thighs, and it will leave more to his imagination if I ever send it LoL.
Great idea...students are so visual.
i want to come home to maine so bad to see you girls.
I was at hooters RT : Guess what y'all!?!
Suns beat the Lakers!
:D
Pigeon babies...I can't stand birds!
RT It's not likely.
You'll have to wait until they hatch, mature, and fly away first...
I feel like my house is colder then it is outside
thanks girl!
Miss you around here...
don't get smart cause I won't do shot
what do you mean????
right?
I sometimes can't believe I get to eat chocolate everyday!
Awesome.
RT The Bronx fires back at Brooklyn Vegan hate mongers bit.ly/mIaqcG
We have Hdoctorl for 25.79....GET IT BEFORE IT'S GONE!
Punisher: war zone and all the twilight movies
I only miss you when I'm breathing.
You would all get know out in order
Haha you notice the little things jeni!:p I didn't even notice it till you pointed it out.
Working out the details for a new video for my new song Life Not Typical.
Working with Jeff Kubach again  should be tons of fun!
Yo!!
How are u?
i mean, if you're going to hallucinate you should at least be able to control and enjoy it.
Thx bulldogPR PR University for hosting SM best practices.
Look forward to joining panel!
Az BeerFest!
Come by the TailGate Beer tent!
TCT in Tennessee?
TCT Alabama?
TCT at yo mamas house?
WHY THE HELL NOT?
Tell her to make me a plate!
By the way, COME SEE US!!!
DATES UP...
Its weird too cuzz john ehert prom tonight
CIOParadox No.12: You develop successors  Yet the CEO almost always goes outside for the next
I know!
You should come play some euckre
dear god, please grant sharon needles the crown, for she is by far the fiercest.
amen.
I think j cole gone get off the best
how many illegitimate childoctorn?
your emotions are showing
Brilliant meeting  today!
What a fantastic resource for wedding professorssionals: Coworking designed for you
: Is it bad that I enjoy working on Saturdays???
TooMuchAmbitionSyndoctorme Work it Saturday to own it Monday
Much more interesting than all those normal people.
it was good housekeeping in case u were wondering
childishgambino Believe the Hype!
All up in our faces like he know us .
!
: And these people who sit around and give me the I became a  fan when I was  years old
Haha no school!!
Earthquakes, an tornados in November.
What's next a flood, blizzard, ice storm?!?!
I wanna go swimmin :
When your phone vibrates for no reason.....
we are so excited for you to get here!!
Yay!!
everyone i looked up to has lost themselves.
i'm still looking up, but i'm not sure at what.
Kissing is a way of getting two people so close together that they can't see anything wrong with each other
I will be in the area tomorrow.
I'll check out what is going on there.
Its likely a report to DOT.
I'll keep you posted.
proud of you!
good look!
sandstroms meet the family!
A4: Seating is everything, as well as enough tables to rest doctornks/food.
How you wanna go with me and go with a 7th grader ugh NO
My universe keeps growing  welcome and thanks!
Kept hearing a tweet sound  couldn't figure out which device/social network platform was notifying me.
10 mins later: It's a BIRD.
OUTSIDE.
is gutted some British slang I don't know about??
Ovie can't buy a goal.
DESTINATIONS w/ Kristian Caro is LIVE at 1pm from Miami Beach, FL...tune in to www.radio4by4.com and www.danceradio.ca
yes they have but noone ever says it right
stop stealing my friends ;
they just doing click whoring by going against the grain.nothing to see here
s/o my new follower
Austin sitting in that chair practicing Taylor issues asdfghjkl.
He's a fine motherfucker.
And what exactly does that mean?
Her experience as Governor of a huge state?
How many people actually LIVE in Alaska?
Just curious...
For a 'complicated' girl, she ain't that hard to figure out.
making the correct pass like that's a bad thing.
If the pass is correct, that would mean he's kicking to an open teammate,
I had a really disturbing doctoram last night.
I don't even know where to begin...
Wax  Don't Need
Interesting!
Was wondering if similar spellings crop up in British varieties.
I'm stuck with this room
Thanks for the shout out re our webinar  we hope to see a lot of AACC members there!

can you feel me?
i'm connecting with you 
I got like five classical records at a flea market a few weeks ago and I've been loving them for doing homework lately
Thank you for winning.
I will likely be the top seed in the consolation playoffs.
I'll get my championship there lol.
3rd phone I've broken this week..
lessonlearned ...Make sure your employer will be able to pay you and wont go bankrupt before you work all summer.
Snow's a comin!
Wish I had some hatches to batten down.
Wow, even Google street view got the 8bit treatment
If you post something on social media, it is as good as announced.
Consult your PR firm before breaking big news on your own.
nix that,god your a son of a bitch burn in hell where you belong screwit im done with the church and prayers
lol what's wrong with you?
I was just talkin to Olivia until you butted in hatin and ish lmao this is too funny
Shorty there a 8 but her friend near a 10
The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle.
Author Unknown
Walking along the beach, so relaxing3
thank you i know i blew him away
Early in the mornin, breath stinkin as I'm yawnin, just another sunny day in California
best show I've heard on this channel all week and That is sayin a whole lot!
Good work my man!
QuestionoftheDay, what student development theory do you believe in or follow for highered?
Which DAW do you use?
Or do you mean just for live performances?
Same shit different day.....pissed a few people off today....
I guess we shouldn't be surprised by the fact that Syracuse's communication surrounding this matter is superb.
Really wishes syntax was better.
It's a waste of my time.
I should be working with
Bring ha to the house we'll  yo chick, take ha to the back we'll run that ; straight from the back out done that 
Watching Lady Antebellum rehearsal for tomorrow!
I posted your Jaw Tension video on FB.
Someone saw it  decided to take voice lessons!
Spreading the love of singing!
:
It feels so good outside
Finally!
My phone is back!!
:D what have I missed?
:
my tour is coming together excellently!
I'll post all the details soon...
and discs are all done!
Unfollow this page n follow my new one
way to step out and TIKKA chance on us!!!
Glad you enjoyed it!!!
i totally spilled coffee all over the table this morning.
What a game between Thunder and Mavs best playoff series thus far.
Time to pass out
OMG awesome!
You better!!!
hey im your biggest fan my name is trysten
Great to put a face to the book at CIL!
Proud of you You stuck with it!
Congrats!
For every two minutes of glamour, there are eight hours of hard work.
Jessica Savitch
This song has so many great singular lyrics.
Good music is out there.
It's just not on the radios or reflected in the Billboard charts.
Thank you:

Hey Scott, it's been a while since we chatted.
Hope all is well with you.
I need somebody to love...3
Thanks for the request, but I'm not doing FB anymore.
This and email best way to stay connected for me.
I hope the guys riding motorcycles w/o helmets have current donor card.
Cannot tell you how many times mine saved me.
When I crack my wrists, it sounds like I'm cracking a 180 year old man's back...
That is all.
both so pretty
I'm working on making a video about it :
some days a bug, other days a windshield.
Feel better...
Chillin on twitter since facebook is being a pain !
No one at work thinks my glasses are cool.
They just think I'm a big ole nerd.
It's funny how once you start talking to someone, the one who broke your heart all of the sudden begins to talk to you.
EHHH.
Go away.
Why can't I just pass
Arizona is so beautiful
You won my contest!
What's your email addoctorss?
LOL.
I do the same thing.
Got it from mom
But after a year of voter contact, CD still polls higher?
hello...
do u have kids ?
Totally fun, and I think I mostly made things much worse before they got better.
What does an envelope say when you lick it?Nothing.
It just shuts up.
Michele with one L!
It was fun meeting you.
I hope you enjoy LGLA.
Glad to be of help to you.
Congrats on your first granting proposal  they only get easier from here on out!
couscous what the flip is that is it a type of fish????
Buncha kids getting engaged.
I want to reach out to them and slap them...
Marriage is too big for them to handle.
Rich Fitzgerald speaking at Pghtech Council breakfast.
Impressive!
that is funny!
My teams in order are:
Grab some coffee, perhaps a donut and take this day by the horns!
Rochester, NY based business leaderseducation to lead your businesses during these economic timeswww.leadershipRising.com
Oh Chargers.
Why do I let you determine the happiness of my Sundays?
: I don't care what you say.
Anyone who can fold a fitted sheet is some sort of wizard.
this is awesome.
averaging the most points in the 4th quarter in the postseason this year
SO GLAD I got to see the Shuttle Enterprise flyby Intrepid while teaching on board.
What a great place to work.
Congrats Kevin Zeitler!
New bengals OG.
Another selection for OLineman University.
Nobody traveling tonight.
Viva le resurreccion.
Elijah riding shotgun.
No, but had all three and decided on Pitch Black and Chronicles.
D'oh!
Now I gotta get 'em back.
;
Thank you to all the new customers of SheaMo Naturelle
thank you for the love :
but what time are we goin to the movies?
I dont eat everybody food bt it was alrite
cause south florida is the best, man.
no one wants to live in a place called southeast florida
since when did you become a beast?
oh yeah since the day you were BORN.
phresh follow?
u like it
lol check outside :P
Anybody know what's going on in Times Square?
Streets blocked off and being detoured....
back!
What's your work situation these days?
I was in O'Shea's once in my 12 or so trips to Las Vegas.
Last year.
Was fun.
IIRC, had a footballthemed table game I'd never seen before.
Bobby Knight doesn't like coaches getting bonuses, unless it's for their players graduating.
Day One in our new offices in historic Occoquan, Virginia.
If you're in the area, stop on by and say hello!
I swear if I was not 18 I would fight every kid in my PE class!!
Fact: can do 23 pushups.
I can do 1.
Liquor  rain  madness lol
aww man no you cant come to the aids walk in nyc
josh!
You really need to come to Britain, we love you awesome Canadians :3 3
it was a fun little local club while it lasted...
hahahahaha for you nate jones, we'll pay you whatever you want
man you have the perfect name baby!:
Pretty decent tuesday, not too hot a work isn't that hectic.
Also gettin ready for vacation to el salvador next monday.
So stoked
Checked my Pinterest account today...never pinned once, 600 followers.
I don't get it.
Overseas Camp better 
Oil change light on?
Need new wiper blades?
Getting ready to head to the mountains?
We can help!
Open till 6pm.
I pray to Fari for the coming in and going out from this time an for evermore yes mi good frens joyful monday morning to all!!!!
yeah, his giant ego
Griper might be too negative so a change is worth considering, thx for bringing that up!
we just played in Albany, GA tonight.
Where did you see us the first time?
the oscars have nothing to do with reality.
go punch someone.
It WAS working people already commented on it but I see now that something is wrong.
Trying to figure it out.
Bummer.
Sorry.
It is absolutely the worst fucking time to walk home in the rain
Today is pageant day!!
:
Yes and...I don't hold doors for women!!
I hold them for humans!
Ok BOSH!!!
wow that 9 months went fast for you!
Congrats!
I have to look at a map and figure all this out in the near future.
I will be in the Charlotte airport in May.
With all of the injuries to Twins pitchers, at what point does the org reevaluate their entire process of dealing with young arms?
Still packing.
Used to be so easy just packing for myself:
freaksandgeeks is the greatest highschool TV show ever to grace the earth, I dare anyone to challenge this truth.
I only know two thangs if rap don't then It's back to the weed game
We got something good 3
All right, brain, I don't like you  you don't like me.
So let's just do this  I'll get back to killing you with beer.
Homer Simpson
FiNALLY BACK AT H0ME...
TiRED F0R REAL!
Pickens continued: All the Southern states have joined us in arming with great rapidity.
I see no way out but one fraught with violence.
haha you and had back to back tweets about that commercial!
Hilarious!
Good to be back Today, is on week 3 of NotAFan series.
We're in Luke 3:3650.
Chasing fancies OR intimacy.
yes like shit
try and bob oshaughnessy
Education helps you to grow; it is the right of every individual.
We have created an environment where all have access to be educated...
Just tapped Oscar Blues G'Knight Red.
A lot of parents are seeing great results with our Enhansa formula.
If you are one of them, would you mind providing us with a testimonial?
The awkward moment when your parents don't appreciate the hilarious child they have been blessed with.
Brawr!
As in, Go put a brawrawn.
Wow, there is a twitter board at the New Grad Orientation!
Hi everyone!
YOU'RE FIRED.
What an Ahole!!!
THIEF!
Tonight trivia at The Beat who's in??
I go walkin' / In Wisconsin / Out in the suburbs / I go walkin'
oomf Eyebrows bogus ass hell in her avi
AR FOX WINS.
JEFF PETERSON CUP 2011 FINALS REMATCH TONIGHT.
Enjoyed some great college hoops today watching Az/clemson and IU/KU.
College basketball is better when Indiana is good, what an ending.
Hahaha I'd agree with you if I thought Geno ever felt guilty about anything :
He misses his girl
that's a lie Imy yu bff
I never said I was mad cause he called me a whore?
Im jus saying he was kind of being really rude to some people but ok
We usually do make them when we have it, and the last couple of times I've done a white sauce with grilled chicken.
Yummy!
THAT is a truism, if ever there was one.
digging the wkndoctor record and the record art
Happy valentines day 2 my bb
I need that one thing, and you've got that one thing 3 LOVE ONE DIRECTION!!!
Summer is here!!
dabs forehead with handkerchief
yea babe so watsup wat r yhu up to x
You ever start singing a classic big band song and then realize that it's actually the Foxwoods jingle?
is the place to be.
CYR March Happy Hour tonight from 68pm
Hey !
At the flatiron in the east atlanta village doctornking again !!
It's the 1st Monday of Spring!
Whose healthy eating/lifestyle change is starting today?
Let us know!
Tweet us for motivation!
Photojournalism summit to take place at NU this weekend
If you tag a friend in a post who isn't on G w/ their email addoctorss, they will receive it along with a link to join.
His name is Fluffers.
Be known as a referral source not just a taker!
Someone give Nelson Cruz an Emmy.
Thursday GO!
Hm need a new hair color brown and gold idk ill ask my uncle
did you see when live tweeted Gov.
Christie at Starbucks?
Hilarious!
good thing that cork isn't wearing a hoodie.
Piacere Lorenzo!
Have a nice weekend!
I'm the happiest girl in the world right now
At the Womens NDClub w president Nuuchi Currier and with National federation of Democratic women president Estelle Lloyd.
Showtime!
I'm turning 30 this summer.
I never even had the time to be a hottie.
Damn you, youth!
Vote Mahlon Mitchell for Lt.
Gov.
in WI primary!
Tuesday, May 8.
He's the Real Dem!
RT : Underground wit a international mind set.
Send us your footage....
Well help share it.
Leaving Las Vegas.
Can't wait to get home.
I still don't know who kendoctorck lamar is but that new joint with the game he just made i fuck with.
He did good, and gave us rain from heaven, and fruitful seasons, filling our hearts with food and gladness.Acts 14:17
Michigan needs more infrastructure, rail  bus systems, btwn Detroit  suburbs to keep pace w others, Chicago, Atlanta,Boston!
I am so jealous right now.
I want Nandos!
Poke and stab ate two different things Officer: So you stabbed the man in the chest ..hmm Convict: No I poked him!!!
u need to come get your job back.
That chick ain't been there and i don't see why u couldn't
Last week of the current class and I am proud of myself.
I am thankful for the talent that only God can give.
It will only get better from here!
thanks for the mention!
Which means that the whole mainstream Hollywood product has been skewed toward violence and vulgar teen comedy
You gotta risk it to get the biscuit.
I hate wen i text people then i say wyd and dont reply then i ask why idont text them
Looking forward to NSCoder with the crew after work today.
oh ok...I just saw the five slots post lol
Bailey is over gonna go walk!
there's a booger on your face in that commercial.
gross.
There was a wonderful meeting today regarding the Midtown/Downtown Early Childhood Consortium at DEPSA.
The energy around early...
Chuggin this pop like there's no tomorrow
45 minutes!
;D
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Cleveland!
When they come through doctorp in say Hello!
The library will be closing in 30 minutes.
I have pulled Grays art and will only sell it to those I feel are not going to resell it for a professort.
Will not exploit a gone soul.
Europe!
That sounds wonderful!
are you studying abroad or an internship?
I don't understand what I did wrong.
awww too sweet :D
why don't you follow me back ?
:
not much um uploading videos on youtube
Your move, New York
I was just thinking that digital natives would also be on your list of banned phrases!
Hey, it was cool in 2007.
Beautiful weather, a great book, some fun auditions, some creative writing, AND the new episode of Game of Thrones  My day today!
Raw
Hope everyone had a great Easter!
We spent ours in our house making youtube videos, and eating cookies!
:
MED'S.
Please rate  subscribe www.youtube.com  Wilsonsgottalent.
May GOD continue to Bless U!
wasn't my fault they killed each other!
...there is a level of passion from the players and the crowd that makes college ball superior.
iam going to get ready for school bye twetters :
I'm saddened that Chen Guangcheng is now being used in the US politics
And..........Farragut thank you for the sell out!
PIERRE is a happy Truck today!
you didnt complain when God negged your life.
But i kinda hope u don't like em cuz spent 15k on new keyboards  totally changed my sound
Lol yes i will be there sunday:
listening to music, running out of songs....
any suggestions?
can i see you tonight?
how am I 22?
how?!
it's not possible.
where does time go?
Blue Grass Legend Earl Scruggs has passed.
Nobody will ever play a 5 string banjo like mister Scruggs.
Spending Every Weekend With You IdLoveThat 3
Great conversation today, Kids all over MN benefit from touring shows.Truly,it is worth your many windshield days.
I just found my first gray hair.
I am old now.
:
I believe that life is a prize , but to live doesn't mean your alive .
Dont forget about Yummy Taco Thursday!
RT : 1 Taco night!
Tonight
Haven't seen the sun rise in Boston in a while.
good to know.
hopefully it will work when I get home tonight!
fingers crossed!
My handsome fianc is passed out next me.
But I am so excited, that I can't sleep..
Or stop staring at my ring finger :
When you act weird .
why i gotta do it
Going through castings before calling it a night.
within the next week or so.
I agree we can use this as an effective way to get info out to students.
Thanks for your help!
Never lose your moral compass, even if you are forced to adapt at the margins of adverse circumstances.
proud of you rickie fowler!
keep it up :
Are they meeting at the AA mtg?
RT When a rodeo clown bumps into his high school guidance counselor, who's more embarrassed?
You might think I'll pull some  like that?
You never know.
Eating dinner with my two favorite girls.
Thanks for the mentions we really appreciate it!
It's Monday, my awesome pants are on, coffee in hand, and I'm ready to go!
did he already come through Portland?
I could use a beach.
these are for sale on website
Good Night!
Sleep with the angels....I Love You, always
Erm I hope that lady's gallon of milk and three pizza boxes were okay.
This is why I shouldn't be dancing in public.
Listen to CYRs on Tues.
9:30am.
He will discuss Gov.
Quinn's failed policies.
Just opening another location at Navy Pier!
thank you for your Bronze sponsorship for
Thanks Jade!
RT : when I read ur tweets I can hear ur voice!!
lol :
It is our duty to fight, it is our duty to win.
Or should I say 'swell'
RT : Don't miss One Direction performing live on TONIGHT!
RT if you're going to watch 1DHQ X
RT Seattle creativity is the best....ask my friends
You have NOO idea how bad I need to go to cycling right about now.
Next semester you have to force me to go with you!
I'm so happy to know that you know the lyrics of a song please post more
A matured champion is what you see in Kobe.
A YDS is one who meets the developmental assets of youth that do not belong to them
I will email you info!
For sure....hope you are well
Ugh, having nasal issues.
The WORST!
Me too!
RT : I'm glad you're not teaching health in middle school.
;
Hi Alicia thanks for the follow, to let you know about me I am the founder of www.thecoupondeal.com and I will bring offers.
The Lakers are home for 2 playoff games during my trip to LA for my bday.
Hm
zap you should follow me !
Anthony Bennett eliminating UK was not shocking, but I held out hope.
haha they just got them in chicago!!
I was like...
Dude, that's not how it works.
Haha
My doctoram is that a bad female will break down for me
help me he's the creepiest thing ever!
you are distracting me from my paper bryan!
Haha
Exactly, chasin' pune is how Zuckerberg got started haha!
If that chic had gave it up to him there'd be no facebook....
Audience comment: Work needs to be grounded in what hospitals want, since we depend on them for data.
Tullamore Dew not mix with anything
1 paper down, 2 to go, all for my stupid C chem class
Great job, Kay.
See you at the Clasico in Munich ; .
Cheers!
your the man vince.
Long story, but um...
a secret admirer.
X
nothing quite like crying while getting a blowjob.
Another bus adventure.
Hope it ends well  wish I had a car.
This is so fucking dumb.
I am so mad right now dude.
idontunderstandwhy women say they like someone with a sense of humor, yet the minute you crack a joke they tell you to grow up.
Both performances on Saturday, February 6th and Sunday, February 7th have been CANCELLED.
Please call 7035489044 to exchange your tickets.
:' RT : Thank you Dick Clark for all of your contributions to entertainment.
Rest In Peace!
bonjour!
Do u have anything fun happening at the tasting room tomorrow afternoon?
;
makes me wanna too!
Love to you Lenny Green!!
:
shame about all the errors in the story, though
LOL did you see the video justin bieber put up on facebook?
Hahhahahahaha.
SPURS SPURS SPURS SPURS SPURS SPURS!!!!!!!!
3.
I like dick and vagina at the same time
im deciding between white solos  justbeats.
she said i could get em but shes tryna talk me out of it at the same time!
lol
don't forget about us 3
Wasn't overly concerned with him there...but...like JD said, not the best pitch selection in that situation...
C'est la vieu...
The Lions have just been made into gumbo.
Put a top on this one
Noble Romans33
Crime thrillers involved pros; murder doctormas were amateurs  before noir was coined great point by Eddie Muller
I'm so sick of people having these crappy little moods and taking it out on me
I know, it's brilliant.
Rode in a rubbish care this morning, tho.
If anyone besides my true friends saw me when I get really tired lets just say no one would talk to me.
now that it is october 30, i guess it will be today..
but since i havent gone to sleep yet, it will be tmister.
unc is on monday :
Flyers show great puck movement on the PP and pull back to within a goal.
It's amazing how many great games we have had already
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.
Anonymous
They evacuated everybody and we stood in the cold wind for a while until they gave out refund tickets.
So yay Avengers!
Sigh.
Not doing shit for class
Damn, I need to keep better track of when starts their new Undercover series!
Checking Lucero's Bowie cover now.
LORD JESUS
what were they talking about?
Thanks for the follow, Ray.
I recognize you from hearing Elaine talk about you.
Glad to be connected here.
i only won the prize for the most entries, i think lol
thank you for following me!
I'm new to twitter as you can see.
: I am also following you now, God bless you!
I want 76 to do well because their assistant coach Brain James is a good friend of mine
CAN THEY PLAY IT OVER AND OVER AGAIN PLEASE?!
333
Ive just never gotten used to the cracking and popping sounds brought about by manual adjustments
Ugh I'm sick :/
Treat a man as he is  he will remain as he is.
Treat a man as he can  should be  he will become as he can  should be.
J.W Von Goethe
Yum!
Oh I mean Yes I am!
: Are you following ?
You should so I can win dinner there!
thank you sir.
doing so now.
Goal!!!
Go caps!
all fireball all the time!
today is my best friend 's 15th birthday; she's a huge fan and would love a shout out xx
yes...
And I have apple care, that means something, right?
You bet!
First time on southwest.
Seems like its the first time for a lot of people..
flying in general.
we are one of your customers.
Would you like to support us and fix this 18 month old issue with your company?
I will do
that's awesome!!
You should put them all together for a book!
Sell that stuff!
Hm i like da new me...but  times i feel da old me fightin 2 cum out an play.....lmao
and pepperonis have overtaken pizza!
amazing...
My time has been passed viciously and agreeably at thirtyone so few years months days hours or minutes remain that 'Carpe Diem'
I just had to walk out to the car in the rain and hail 
11 hours straight of studying , No sleep at all , now I'm on my way to school to take my 4 exams .t00t.
Currently on coffee
To quote : Is this really happening?
Marilyn Johnson It makes me crazy when i hr r president mention economic recovery but i dont hr the word libraries
you just had to go and include Justin Beiber...
fuck you
I really don't quite get this twitter site?How do you know who is the real guy?
i.e Shquille Oniel.Bear with me,I'll get it.
oh, i thought you meant they were all in PGH, and I was wondering where I can find these things.
Thank you Rick, James, Sal, Fred, Xavier, Anthony, Nicoli.
And TY for being a consistently outstanding team member!
Just a rookie.
haha.
have so been there!
have a great holiday, ryan!

I think the day I see a promoted tweet is the day my account is deleted.
Bring it!
Those are awesome!
A definite YES
I send the nicest 6 page message and get K.
as a reply.
Fucking great!
you take it too far.
When a Mexican man's gf refuses 2 sleep w him unless he can smuggle her in2 the US he'll do anything 2 get across the Borderline
Anyone know a good Volvo repair shop in the dc area?
Can bring food and water in the ballpark.
Greater selection of food in the ballpark, including salad which would...
A minute's success pays the failure of years.
I see you have a brewing buddy.
: Cheers!
This sex, is sex, how sex, you sex, keep sex, a sex, dumb sex, ass sex, busy sex, for sex, 20 seconds.
Read this again but dont say sex.
Thank you all for the RTs!
I already use lists, but even in there, I want to look at frequent tweeters and balance their value, just to neaten things up.
send to
I really enjoy watching the Packers lose, especially if it makes things that much easier for the 49ers to reach the Super Bowl next week!
PFFFFFFFFFFFT.
1 for having built in Beats.
The GOP tried using the DEFENSE SPENDING bill to take rights away from gay soldiers?
SOLDIERS?
You people are disgusting.
They might not sell out straight away, so you might be able to
RT to RT : 30 followers away from 2,000...Let's get there by the end of the month OK?
First kaiseki  so far so good!
1 Million quanity of anything is alot.
But so little at the same time.
wishes The best of luck in WSOP event 17 WSOP WSOP17 T.I.D.!
Love that a livingwage bill was passed for people living in nyc.
I always love reunions between Claudia Joy and Michael.
Gets me every time!
Reading Assholes Finish First with the Little Mermaid playing in the background.
Too ironic.
Looking forward to 2nite w/ special guests live  direct from Down Under The madness starts at 10pm
Thanks for the shout out...turn it up!
is this a rap verse.
GOD DAMN AM I READY FOR A BEER.
Eff a 12 hr shift on Xmas
The day the world stopped spinning was the day I met you 
depending on where u sit
I concur...lol
Yes Susan Eisenhower's blog is rich indeed.
She calls for respect.
Bingo tonight at 7 !!
I've had the same experience with rush orders!
No sir.
We accept from any nationality, as long as the writing is English.
Naturally.
Congrats to 17 year old who's song The Look charted 20 on the iTunes Country Chart in Germany.
happy 5th birthday !
thank you for the many wonderful items that now live in my closet, and for my 20 off treat today :
follow it would mean a lot to her and mee:
Would also have liked to see an ASL interpreter or the presentation up on big screen, to make this session more accessible
Police scanner on, camping head lamp beside my bed, full body Columbia rain slicker in case I need to go outside
Are you guys talking about the MoreThanThisMusicVideo?
Fun Fact Friday: U.S.
residents logged 1.5 billion persontrips for leisure purposes in 2009.
Today is my 14th Birthday!!
Follow me?!
33
Covered the event for the f.i.l.m.
project.
I forgot how nice it is just to take photos and not worry about names, captainons, and deadlines
Got a lot done already this morning.
Now having a little stall out because I don't want to go out in this pouring rain.
GreekHumor RT : Engineer in a bar: 1.0E20 root beers!.
Bartender: That's a root beer float.
E: In that case, make it a double
Happy birthday Jackie!
IT'S FINALLY YOUR DAY!
The other 364 belong to
I need some magic rub for yesterday.
Lucy Slinger from the transit center...
are you going to be in minneapolis?
Considering making Geek Spelling Lesson a regular thing.
I feel like SpiderMan, Iron Man,  Eccleston are just the tip of the iceberg...
The Jabstep may be the most underrated move in basketball...
Lmao, who got sumn on my water bill???
Lbns
Everybody talks, everybody talks, everybody talks.
Can't wait to see what the Texans do RT No big shocker for the 1st 3 picks Luck, RG3, and Richardson

okay, i'm not the real , but we're both really talented ;D
It's lunch time NABshow!
What's everyone doing?
Let's grab a doctornk and meet up!
Productive meeting of The Inn Group today  Franklin Inn Mexican Restaurant.
Purposeful networking at its finest!!
Every dog has its day, every day has its way of being forgotten
Two Armenian ladies get on a bus in Glendale holding hands.
doctorver: excuse me, are you lesbian?
no, I am seropian, she is mirzakhanian
omfg when will that be?
I turn 18 in August
aw thanks  3
thank you we need them.
some ppl make me so mad!
its your job, and also ur job to fix it.
oh no ur cool :
I'm not doing sxsw this year so i guess i'm not missing anything
time to cross the streams!
marshmallow man on the shandor building on bravo RIGHT NOW!
is most defanilty ready for may 19th!
Our guitar player is choking .
Please reply.
:s
Woke up, fell out of bed, doctorgged a comb across my head.
Found my way downstairs and doctornk a cup, and looking up I noticed I was late
Find ur niche...
Don't replicate others...
Turn a blind eye and a deaf ear every now and then, and we get on marvelously well.
Martha Wilmot: Impressions of Vienna, 18191829
Just voted to reelect Mike Wiggins Jr.
Chairman of Bad River Tribal Council
I am very disappointed in that comment mister Walton!
What would coach Wooden think about what you just scribed in permanent ink
Every time I tell someone I just turned 21 they say Damn I thought you were older lol
2 of 2Continuing: Jeff Who Lives At Home, The Artist, We Need to Talk About Kevin, In Darkness, A Separation
Worst pass in basketball history
Thanks for the shotout!
If you do not have a Visa, a Green Card or citizenship in the US and are currently living in the country, you are subject to deportation
Educate a Girl: Change the World.
Gender Equality Very Important
hey u!!
Tweet tweet baby gull!
; 
Hi Everyone, AMAZING new buy and sell website launching very soon :
: IslamTaughtMe that I am an abomination and unnatural.
Religion is Unnatural  Fundamentalism an Abomination.
Whats that bro?
All gardening is landscape painting  William Kent
Test Tweet
: I have a good working relationship with leaders of assembly and senate
Dear , I miss you!!
Just thought you and my followers should know!
3
them niccas holla how u do that there...
we could likely end up at more than 10 but couldn't really decide which ones even on the Fans Choice option, to plan for early.
it'd be a hot seller in Catlanta
will there be a meet greet after the june 24th show?
I know tell me about it I live like 5 min from there in the next city
this shit is fucking sick, dude.
very nice.
Never have I ever given birth.
YOU LOSE, MOM!
The Red Baron's greatest achievement was definitely his pizza.
It knows no enemies, and only fought for deliciousness during WWI
We've got a full house for captain Mark Kelly's visit to SJC South next Tues.
Thanks to everyone involved.
Looking forward to his story.
thanks Hjalmar!
Be on the lookout for more interviews to come in the future
You're a dork but I love you :
any idea if JFK or LGA are closing tomorrow?
naw send ma ya  number again yo
omg Arthur trying to cook dinner
The only journey is the journey within.
Rainer Maria Rilke
Reduced SHORT GBPUSD for 33 pips professort; 15 of the community volume is trading the GBPUSD with sentiment 39 SHORT
that's a good deal
If your not or leave me the hell alone Im not in a good mood
And you're our new favorite Elise!
Don't tell all the other Elises.
Good luck on finals.
Help us defeat Walker, America, and Wisconsin will help you defeat Romney.
is about to watch the star of 'i survived a japanese gameshow, Linda Plaxen, kick some serious ass!
Go Linda!!
Uh, oh, we're open and here comes Joe towards his computer, see you later.
I believe I did at 10:12.
Tons of production Efups.
Kind of embarrassing.
Totally Rocked Out Cosmic Charlies, we hope you enjoyed it and hope to do it again soon!
M hot shower before bed ultimate relaxation
LiesPeopleAlwaysTell I'm poor please pay for me lol
yeah Blake u need to work on some baseline/post moves this summer
I'm going to take a shower fuck this
A DATS WATS UP UM LISTING 2 U FROM PGH PA ON SHADE 45 RADIO U KILLING,EM KEEP DOING U
SOPA/PIPA opponents spent ridiculous money on that 3 week campaign.
swedish boat trips
Look like a hoe, smell like a hoe, act like a hoe?
What is it?
Getting ready for work....
Met a lot of people who visited Congress on the first saveservice district day can't wait for them to mobilize again this summer
lmfao haha it might take a few days but let's do it, oh wait there electric though:/ lol
I don't care what you think; eventification is totally a word.
CampCharlie inexile reoccupies State House this evening!
See you at 5 PM for the Grand ReOccupation!
Its not easy to not show someone that they hurt you, but I refuse to give someone that power over my emotions.
Couldn't ask for a more beautiful day in ROC!
Love the summer sun.
Not ready for Fall, definitely not ready for Halloween candy displays.
e: You won't have to listen to me blast 11:11 in my room anymore.
Mom: thank god!
Me: ..now you can hear Say Somethin!!
sings Mom: Omg...
Bullying is no longer a problem its becoming an epidemic.
:
On Pacific time and up way too early...
Yes.
Today I Googled Google Translate.
I have absolutely no shame in saying this.
lol Yup Yup..
I miss my son and family a lot
I need followers for my blog!
it looks empty lol www.shadowglacier.blogspot.com I post updates on how my Prague Trip Fundoctoriser is doing 
The banana smoothie I just made  
Happy Birthday Hitler!!!!...
And mister.
Pfiefer!
Pretty sure whoever is doing 's wardoctorbe on is a BIG fan of
I know there is a lot of debate around her views but If she can help a child w/ autism have a voice, I would welcome her support
So we get Stoke?
Not exactly stoked for it, if you ask me.
you suck hahah.
I miss Hollister, I better be on the schedule next week
It looked like Cobb was surprised he didn't get hit right away...
Day 2 of the Social Media Summit.
Been here for 30 mins  already learned lots!
Looking forward to the rest of the lineup.
Calling my XMEN coleader, to the danger chat room!
Surprised the shit out of me...
And then them identifying as one just blew my mind.
really?
All I remember is the fortunetelling genie thing.
My iPhone screen is so cracked its cutting my thumbs when I tweet.
That's telltale when your conception of defend us begins with the military.
I guess we don't negotiate with anybody.
take a nappy!
: NationalSiblingDay love my bro and my sis  Love y'all too!!!!
you know you're on facebook too much when you want to like a coworkers email
Sunny  Nice in Downtown SF  weird
Check out the updates at www.rlimaging.com
Oh, my friend, it's not what they take away from you that counts.
It's what you do with what you have left.
Hubert Humphrey
My Attitude Is Celibate, I Don't Give A Fuck!
Stick together, everything works out
You're online now?
Where are you?
Aim?
FB?
Keep me awake!
Its 3 am here!
Does this mean there is a reconciliation??
And by keep in touch I mean grow the fuck up.
yo sister be textin your main man me!
sounds like one team TOO MANY to me SMDH !!!
tY kind kitties : You are woofsome :
Guys that walk around thinking every girl wants them, make me wanna hurl.
Thank you for your FF support , , , ,
Im finally at the BlackBox thing, where the hell are you?!
Time for some motherfucking Avengers!!!
it's as if they can't read the signs that say no cellphones.
Obvious why they are talking loudly and not testing quietly
Doing some work at Starbucks.
yea UNC...dominated from start to finish.
RT Be tall in your uniqueness allowing your life to radiant with your array of colours and joy.
Happy.
Joy
How are all my Tweeps doing?
i require engagement!
Saw this at Seattle Rep a couple years ago and can totally vouch for its amazingness.
Woodard is wonderful!
Smart phones have become a necessity.
P
Way to go Detroit Lions.
5  0
everything will be ok :
Name and number?
yes, your going to get confused
Diggin on u, diggin on me...
Oh what a pleasant evening tallyho old boy Baaaaaah
Tonights going hard !
Then tomorrow
Soo bored thinking about doing laundoctor and cleaning.
Seeing if I hear from you tonight..?
Kate Upton, Jeremy Lin, Jeremy Lin.
Most amazing consecutive three covers in SI history?
so does this mean you're comin to my place before the show in Columbus on June 6th
I need a girl tht is real
Ok cotton got two in a row
ThatAwkwardMoment when you can't stop smiling and you look like a homo because of it.
NoOffense lol.
oh god lol
I Cried When Jonas Brothers came to Arg.
: 
Jeff Van Gundy actually taught all of his players that exact karatechoptothethroat move.
I signed!!
I hope 1D does end up on Ellen!!
Good Luck!
bedschool
Follow Me?
thanks, Charles!
Are you getting it in at Faire tonight?
it took a minute, but I got it lol..I mean I uderstand what you meant wink
RT We all need to set aside time 4 vacation, to prevent burnout, compassion fatigue Join us at 1 ET today
i really dislike this english packet.
I hope is doing find..
he is a good man n i kno his granma is looking over him..
he gonna be just fine!
I still believe in , but any more than 3 losses next year,  he'll have failed to move the ball far enough downfield.
Enjoy the end of 2011; looking forward to a terrific 2012!
Honestly, what an excellent and infuriating film!
SignsYouLostAFight you wake up with a black eye...
But the other person doesn't have a scratch on them
Off to Personal Training; no rest for the fit wannabes
I GOT MY HANDS ON SUM OF DAT MONKEY SHYT!
AND DEAR PISS!
TYME 2 GET WASTED!
god morning:
My hair does NOT look like the hair on the crimper box.
Try To Keep Your Head Above Water, They Wanna See a Nigga Capsized
On behalf of Toast, Mika tweets :MEGU let Egg find in the middle of walk.
My Alisha keys pandora radio station
Dude!
Come stay with me!
:
Whhhhhhhyyyyyyyyy, must my job always mess up my check???!!!!!
Ugh!!
JERSEY SHORE is back on january 5th.
Yeah buddy;
you ever do one in Seattle?
I'd like to go!
Can't sleep.
Never thought I would want to go to school this bad...
RIP Van Winkle
If I was a doctor I'd freak you in them scrubs/Sammy Sosa the booty call me Chicago Cubs
ugh me too :
In the Nashville area, text ECIRCLETV to 90210 and be connected with the Spanish TV network.
iZigg mobile puts you in touch!
Wett Comes the ATL wit da hottest X male review.
Wii and Playstation givaways.
For more info go to WETINAT.COM
everyone knows !
She is twitter famous and if u dont know harley, U need to get out from underneath that rock!

accepting his nomination for Governor of forward to an exciting year!
Franchise on the mic  GOLD
Haha How Long Have You Had A Twitter?
finally done with English and government :
A woman with an enlarged clitoris can arguably engage in heterosexual sex with both of the main genders.
This project I have due Monday would've been a breeze if my granddad was here.
He could've told me everything I needed to know.
Today's Feature: Asian Salad w/ mixed greens, cucumbers, tomatoes, glazed chicken breast, pistachios, sesame vinaigrette  wonton strips
This GM search needs to end soon.
This is the 3rd time has taken the card board cutout of Pat Gillick to bathroom with him today.
Lee Iaccoca used to enjoy his Sundays, but on Sunday night he planned his entire week, except for Sat  Sun, which he spent with his family.
hey liz sorry I'm like at the verge of knocking out so if I don't write back you know why lol
I go to a new Starbucks one time and the guy remembers my name the next day.
My usual place STILL doesn't after a year.
Sold!
did the M's think maybe to make Fister, in his first start back from the DL, throw as many pitches as early as possible tonight?
PM Showers
What a surprise, the Colts went with Andoctorw Luck.
Also someone just pinned him.
Universal today!
I think with Seth  Liam!
of course it's from !!
Too cute!
They have the best!
Moving soon...
and realizing all these DVDs I have, are no different than the graveyard of VHS tapes found at garage sales.
oh I will be in my new apt downtown
Yay Sandusky!
If you guys are ever in the area  stop by at the library!
ARathletes, did you compete this weekend?
Tell us how you did!
15 days after the order or 15 days after that email?
Leaving the plantation only to become a sharecropper hahaha
Samsung iCloud Competitor Will Apparently Debut Alongside Galaxy S I.
Sigh.
Gizmodo
Lol I could have a Top 3!
My 1 team got knocked out so Boston and OKC it is punk
let's plan accordingly w/
So is spelling.
The Plan B is sleeping in my friend's car.
Tuesday evening.
Nearly 100 young people gathered House to talk about issues that matter to them
thank you, dear!
xo
why dontcha lay down an sleep Earl, ain't it dark wrapped up in that tarp Earl?
hey :
Haha, true that!
Good take by bob costas on sanders did it right!
Don't celebrate til you win
Puss  Boots would be a great name for a strip club.
have a blessed work day.
Lets go!!!
Thanks for nothing bud ;
i'll tell you.
text me!
Excited to see  it's been to long
im gettin doctornk tonight!
Mac World in many places is proven longterm savings for company's IT costs.
but upfront investment needed.
RT : If was 1 of the Jeopardy answers tonight, the question had to be What is the most amazing college in the US?
thanks for the heads up!
Had not seen the new website.
Very, very cool!
Civil unions bill killed in Colorado.
Yeah, I'm sticking to the moving plan.
Seeking an Associate Librarian in LA!
The Librarian will provide administrative assistance, including acting as the interim head libraria
Thanks for the feedback!
Tshirt Guys will only be our Brand of preprinted shirts available online or in store!
starting today!
Very busy in Vegas tonite!
had an awesome time last night ...oh boy NYCers are intense lol
I can't take credit.
Just relaying PJ wisdom.
I'm with you about !
He's amazing, no doubt.
Ever notice how in movies and stuff the 911 operator is like 90 if not always a woman?
so where did you all go once you got kicked out
To all my Wednesday degenerates it was a great night thanks for your help making it the best night of the week
redline delay northbound.
We're going over the top at Chinatown due to activity.
not the biggest fan of but i have to admit boyfriend is a amazing song got me hooked on it !
Have a great show, boys!
el caminos are definitely cooler than rancheros, but why does one need a station wagon with the back cut off?
HANK IS COMING HOME TODAY!
Holy shit need to stop trying to text and doctorve.
I can spellz for realz.
Way behind with films.
Safe House supposed to be good, as is Woman in Black.
Date night, or what?
Shining the day away at The Loews Hotel in Miami for the SIOR Conference!
Pan sauteed Salmon w/herb butter, white wine, lemon  touch of Cream.
Watch SINGLE CHEF on www.theroomlive.com Mon Nights 6pm Pacific time:
Damn...
Sorry homie
I'm not good enough for you ....
I though we was kool .
hey miss lady, how ya day been goin
Also I have to share that bf said adams low register in Runnin was pretty impressive.
First practice since the band back in Texas going down today.
New music!
Looking forward to next week
awesome chris
nowplaying Yellow Brick Road by Josiah Bell.
I have to be there at 8.
Blehhh.
Time to head out for allergy testing.
Keeping our fingers crossed for minimal reactions.
Gah!
Bodies suck, sometimes.
Lykke Li is today's soundtrack.
Book Sale The museum will sell exhibition posters, gently used art periodicals, journals  more.
From 9:30 a.m.
to 2 p.m.
April 20.
yes it was they rocked!
thats kind of all
Backlash from that wack azz album RT Is it true Nicki Minaj deactivated her twitter?!
hm i wonder why...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TBAG :
every Saturday at the ruins on Providence.
Biggest dubstep weekly in new England!
hey, do u still have Eyes Cream  Fly Away on cd or ripped?
Good luck on the tedTalk!
Can't wait to watch it online!
Good morning
Learning about resources for business success at the Rochester Museum and Science Center.
Thanks for the follow and shout out.
Have a good one!
...aside from escape from L.A.!
Me too you
Now you sound brandnew, ZsaZsa.
But, I get it.
Do your thang.
No hate,
except to convictions of honor and good sense.
sick demo!
Game play feels slower than 10!
Almost NHL 94 like!!!
What a great day for Fresh Bistro Seafood Boil tonight, 25 a person for a feast!!!
Collection development is as much about community perception, as it is about general book knowledge.
U have to see the video premiere of not just you by !!!
Its amazing!!!!!!
you should RT latest
Calling a taxi in Texas is like calling a rabbi in Iraq.
Fran Lebowitz
Pens rumors today: Bean willing to waive NMC says he doesn't like DB's system according to MM
Just had our first actual band practice..
things are really coming along.
come to the battle of the bands this friday and check us out!
who is your life pointing to the worship of..yourself or the Lord?
Morning  school time
Just figured out that out off all of us boys I'm the only one who's a bastard child..
cant wait to see the finished video!
glad you are doing well  the Pats need you!
I'm seriously going to have grey hairs by the time I'm 25.....
is at still at work!
Trying to figure out what to give up for Lent!
Hm?!
Could be more witty and charming?
Thx for the insights into ME.
No surprise here.
RT : Landoctor Fields tried to punch the same fire extinguisher, but missed.
Really wish I could take a nap before this awards dinner tonight 
Oh gosh.
Any suggestions?
I watched the videos and am officially terrified!!
who was it then?...haha...
Me too.
I would be thankful for the library in my life, even if I didn't work here.
That sucks about the TDF tour dates!
: ....
Thank you for all the FF love!
3
o no contra el Salvador!
you wish your mom warned you about girls like me
i can wait 4 the new episode of
Gotta love days that start at 5 am.
ZOMG INBOX ZERO!
Time for sushi!
Glad they didn't cash that rent check yet.
Welcoming United As One a new citywide Friends group dedicated to playgrounds.
Call 4436212567 for more info.
that's apple creating jobs in America.
Ran 5 mi.
before coming to work for 11 hrs.
and wouldn't even wake up early 
I swear the music at this cafe is exactly what I'm listening to at any given moment.
had a wonderful time playing with Ursula Holliger last night!
Special thanks to professor Arthur Jaffe for his gracious hospitality.
Play will resume at 7:45am tomorrow morning.
Never let the opposite sex take u away from ur real childoctorn lol what u do to a child while they young they don't forget it
idk what time?
And i msgd u reply to it.
Barbara didn't really say that, now did she?
Make it a good Monday !
